
Legal Ease:
Sutton Capital Series, Book One

Lori Ryan



Legal Ease
Copyright 2013, Cara Shannon. 
All rights reserved.
Published at Smashwords. 


This book contains material protected under International and Federal Copyright Laws and Treaties. Any unauthorized reprint or use of this material is prohibited. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system without express written permission from the author / publisher.

This book and the characters in it are a work of fiction. 


Prologue
Kellys head was throbbing when she woke, and she felt nauseated and confused. She tried to shake the foggy feeling in her head and rid the cotton from her mouth. Panic set in when she realized her hands and feet were bound with thick layers of duct tape and she was in a room she didnt recognize. Kelly felt as though a band was tightening over her chest, suffocating her. Waves of panic swept over her and bile burned at the base of her throat.
She was lying on the floor in a typical bedroom; a bit small. It was daylight out. There was a twin-sized bed, and a torn-up upholstered chair in the corner, but that was it. The room was bare, other than those two pieces of furniture.
Kelly fought to pull details from her mind, grasping at threads of memory so thin they seemed to fall from her memory before she could see where they went. She closed her eyes and took a few deep breaths and pictured herself earlier in the day. It would have been noon when she was grabbed. She had left the clinic at noon.
She could remember walking out the back door of the clinic. Denise had asked her to take the trash to the dumpster on her way out, so she left through the back door even though her car was parked out front. Out front  where her security detail would have been. 
She struggled to remember, but felt as if there were holes in her mind; as if her brain werent functioning quite right. She could remember someone coming at her from behind as she walked out into the alley, then a strong, sweet smell filled her nose and overwhelmed her before she blacked out. Nothing about the memory seemed right, like trying to put together pieces of different puzzles. 
Tears were flowing freely now. Kelly could picture four men surrounding her and she remembered seeing a van before she passed out. The men wore masks.
Staying calm was no longer an option. Fresh waves of sheer terror bolted through Kellys body. She closed her eyes tight and tried desperately to calm herself, but she had never felt a level of dread and utter anguish like this. Her mind started running through all the ways that this could end, each image sending her into further panic until she felt like she would choke on the fear. Then one image stopped her catapult into darkness. Jack
. 
Chapter One
Whish, swoosh, whish, swoosh, whish, swoosh.
Jack Sutton lost himself in the rhythmic sound of the churning wheels of his bike as he rounded the final bend of an eight-mile morning ride. He was with his cousin, Chad, who was more like a brother to him than a cousin, and their best friend, Andrew. The three met once or twice a month to ride through the picturesque neighborhood next to the Long Island Sound where Jacks home was located.  
Jack saw Chad soar past him out of the corner of his eye and sprint the last few yards into Jacks driveway ahead of him and Andrew. It never ceased to amaze Jack. Chad had a good three inches over Jacks tall frame, and he was built like a military tank, but he was still somehow faster and more agile than both Andrew and Jack. Jack and Andrew exchanged a look, laughing at Chads need to beat them every time they rode. Most days, Andrew and Jack would at least give Chad a fight over the winning slot, but beating Chad wasnt on Jacks mind today, and he had a feeling it wasnt on Andrews either. 
The showdown he would have with Chads mother, Jacks Aunt Mabry, later today was what had him tense and uneasy. He thought pushing himself hard on this mornings ride would help take the edge off his mood, but it hadnt helped. He shoved aside his mood long enough to grin at Chad while the three men rode slow laps through the circular drive to cool down, each one sipping water and talking trash as they rode. Hed be damned if hed let Chad see anything was wrong. He wouldnt make Chad choose a side no matter what Aunt Mabry threw at him. 
It wasnt until after his cousin had loaded up his bike and pulled out of the driveway that Jack raised the subject Andrew and he had been avoiding for the last couple of hours. 
Spill it, Jack said. Andrew had been grinding his jaw the whole ride, so Jack knew whatever hed been avoiding saying in front of Chad wasnt good. 
Andrew was the only one who knew Chads mother was finally making good on her threat to try to take over the company Jacks father had built. She planned to use the terms of Jacks mothers will to take control of a large portion of the shares of Sutton Capital, and attempt to vote Jack out of his position as Chief Executive Officer. She wanted Chad to take Jacks place at the head of the board table. Jack and Andrew had been quietly approaching the shareholders in the privately-owned company to be sure Jack had their support if Mabry got her hands on the stock his mother had once controlled. 
Andrew didnt blink when he looked at Jack and broke the news. John Barton died of a heart attack last night.
Jack swallowed a curse and swiped his face with his hand. He wasnt very old at all. When did it happen? he asked, the shock evident in his voice. 
Only fifty-eight. Happened late last night. His wife called me this morning. They were supposed to leave for Italy in three days for a month-long vacation. I dont think the man has taken a vacation in twenty years, but Anne finally talked him into relaxing with her and then this happens.
The two men were silent for a few minutes before Jack realized what this meant for his battle with Mabry.
I know this isnt a great time to bring this up, but  Jack began before Andrew cut in.
But nothing. You have to think about the rest of the shareholders, the company, its employees  theres a lot at stake for a lot of people here, Jack. I know you dont want to talk about it, but we need to figure out who will have control of Bartons shares, and find out what that does to our chances against your Aunt Mabry.
This time Jack didnt bother to swallow his curse. This part of his role as CEO sucked. 
Grab a shower and meet me at the office. Well deal with this there, he said. He didnt wait for an answer. He turned and took the front steps two at a time, hustling to get showered and dressed to deal with the latest catastrophe in his ongoing battle with his aunt. 
An hour later, Jack stalked through the lobby of his New Haven office with his jaw clenched. His scowl wasnt aimed at anyone or anything in particular on his way up to the 26th floor offices of Sutton Capital, but people moved out of his way. He stabbed 26 on the elevator control panel and thought about the unpleasant conversation he and Andrew were about to have. It wouldnt be fun trying to figure out how a mans death would affect this vote, but they didnt have a choice right now. The clock was ticking thanks to the terms of his mothers will. 
Ding. The elevator doors slid open to reveal the reception desk and waiting area of Jacks company. His nod to the receptionist was curt but polite as he moved past her toward his corner office. 
He stopped in front of his secretarys desk before entering his office and glanced down at the temp. Jennie, Andrew will be here in a few minutes. Show him right in when he arrives.
Yes, Mr. Sutton, Jennie said with a nod. 
Jack strode to his office and shut the door. He paced and waited for Andrew to arrive. Andrew wasnt just his best friend; he was also the Chief Financial Officer of Sutton Capital and Jacks right-hand man at the company. He hoped Andrew would have good news to help him out of the colossal mess he now found himself in. Andrew was one of the few people that knew Jack the man, beyond Jack the CEO of Sutton Capital. They went far enough back that neither saw the other the way their adversaries did. 
Jack was used to his opponents fearing him and his investors respecting him. He never felt weak or anxious when he stepped up to the negotiating table, and he normally thrived on stress and pressure. But, on this, possibly the biggest deal of his life, the unique circumstances had him feeling as if he had maneuvered and negotiated himself right into a corner. 
He moved to his mahogany desk and stared down at his reflection in its uncluttered surface. He considered how quickly his plans had fallen apart. He had been so certain that his strategy would work that hed become overconfident. That wasnt like him at all. Jack knew it was his late mothers involvement in his current situation that had thrown him off his game. He needed to come up with another plan and execute it quickly if he was going to save his position in the family company. 
When Jennie opened the door and ushered him inside, the tight line of Andrews lips told Jack things hadnt gone as theyd hoped.
Andrew had been in on his plan from the beginning. He was Jacks closest confidant and supporter, but right now it didnt look like his friend had the news they needed. 
Thank you, Jennie. Hold my calls, he directed. 
Yes, sir. Jennie closed the door behind her, leaving the two men in silence.
***
Jennie rushed back to her desk to turn on her intercom. As a temp secretary, she took a lot of liberties she might not take if her job were more secure  and listening in on what promised to be a juicy conversation was one of those liberties. 
Early on at Sutton Capital, she discovered the indicator light on the intercom between Jacks office and her desk didnt light up when it should. Shed been listening in on conversations ever since. 
The one her boss had with his aunt yesterday was the best by far. From what she could gather, when his mother passed away five years ago, shed held the largest single chunk of shares in the company  at thirty-five percent. The remaining shares of the privately-held company were owned in varying amounts by the six members of the board of directors, including Jack. Jacks mother cared more about her sons marital status than the state of the family business. She placed her shares in a trust, with Jack holding the proxy voting rights to the shares in the trust. 
If Jack wasnt married by the time he was thirty-five, the trust remained  but the proxy rights reverted to his Aunt Mabry. Yesterday, Aunt Mabry threatened to use the strength of those shares to make a bid for Chad to take Jacks place as CEO. 
For some reason that wasnt clear in the conversation Jennie overheard, his Aunt Mabry wanted to hurt Jack. She apparently didnt care that Chad had no interest in being CEO or that Jack was the best man to head the company. 
If he wanted to save his position as CEO, Jack either needed to have enough board members on his side to know he could win a voteor he needed to get married before he turned thirty-five. Next week. 
If Jack was married, the shares his mother left in trust would become Jacks outright. Mabry wouldnt be able to touch him. 
In the two months Jennie had filled in as secretary for Jack Sutton, shed heard no mention of a fiance or even a serious girlfriend, so shed almost fallen out of her chair when she heard Jack tell his aunt he planned to marry his fiance at the end of the week. If you believed the tabloids, Jack Sutton had a different woman on his arm every week, and none of the women had any marriage potential from the looks of them. They were partying debutantes, at best. 
When his aunt pressed for a name, he was vague and told his aunt she could drop by the next afternoon to meet his fiance.
As she listened in on Jacks meeting with Andrew, Jennie finally figured out why hed told his aunt such a flat-out lie.
 
Chapter Two
Not good news, huh? Jack knew from the look on Andrews face he didnt have anything but bad news. 
Sorry, Jack, but John Bartons death put a real kink in things for us. Our plan to get enough of the shareholders on our side to ensure your place as CEO may not work now. John held eight percent of the shares. Mabry holds ten percent of her own.  It seems that Johns shares were left to his son, Bryan. I made some calls to try to find out more about the son so we can figure out how hell vote, but I cant be certain yet. It turns out that Bryan Barton went to school with Chad. What I havent been able to find out is whether they were friends, enemies, or indifferent, Andrew reported. If Bryan votes with Mabry, and she has her shares plus control of the proxy shares  theyll have a small majority.
Jack leaned back in his chair and let out a frustrated growl. This is a nightmare. How is it possible that its all falling apart at the last minute? If we dont have Bryan on our side, Ill be out. Jack frowned. 
I know its wrong to talk about a mans death like this, but the timing couldnt be worse. Andrew, you know its not the money that matters to me. Jack was silent for a long time as he stared at the wall and tried to come up with a plan that had this ending well for him. 
Andrew nodded. Jack had been wealthy before he took over Sutton Capital, and Andrew had helped Jack wisely invest his inheritance and the money he had earned over the years. He was well aware of Jacks financial comfort. Jack had more than enough money to last him ten lifetimes, whether he worked another day in his life or not. This wasnt about the money. 
My dad started this company from the ground up, and I was proud to take over for him. I think Ive done a damn good job expanding it, too, Jack said, crossing his arms as if he dared Andrew or anyone else to deny the assertion. 
I know. We all do. Thats why any of the existing board members would have voted for you. Your risky decisions pay off, and people trust your judgment. But, Bryan Barton is a wild card. We cant predict what hell do. Andrew shook his head. He leaned forward, his forearms resting on his thighs. He looked at his longtime friend. I guess youre going to have to get married, bro. 
 Jack grunted. Im not getting married. I happen to like my life the way it is, Jack said. But, even as he said it, he knew on some level he was lying to himself. 
He would kill to have what his mom and dad had when they were alive; his parents shared a love so powerful, it lasted until the day they died. 
Andrew sat quietly and let Jack vent. The ability to do so was one of Andrews strengths  knowing when to be quiet and wait out a storm. Jack knew there really wasnt anything his friend could say for the moment, but it helped to gripe. 
Im perfectly happy living as a bachelor. I dont know why my mom couldnt understand that. Just because they had a great marriage doesnt mean thats the only way Ill be happy, does it? Well, does it? Yeah, it does, thought Jack, but forced that thought out of his mind. He had never met anyone who made him feel the way he knew his mother and father felt together, so he was careful not to let those hopes surface anymore.
Andrew remained silent but shook his head. 
Jack knew he sounded more like a toddler than the CEO of a multimillion-dollar corporation, but he had come to realize a long time ago he wasnt cut out to have the kind of love his parents had found. Being forced to marry to save his company sent his mood into a downward spiral. 
No. Marriage isnt the only way youll be happy, but thats hardly the issue now. What do you want to do? We can gamble that your aunt wont be able to get the swing votes she needs or we can go to Chad and ask him to step in and stop her. Honestly, I think its time to ask Chad to get involved. Andrew suggested. 
Jack ran his hands through his hair and leaned back in his chair to think. He stayed that way for a few moments and then sat up and turned back toward Andrew before speaking.
I dont want to leave things up to chance, but I wont ask Chad to step in and confront his mother over this. I know its hard for you to understand, but I remember what my Aunt Mabry was like before her husband walked out on her. You cant see it now because shes so filled with hate, but she was once so happy and loving. In those days, I loved her as much as I loved my own mom. When my uncle left her, she cracked. 
If Chad stands up to her and sides with me, she may think hes abandoning her too.  I cant do that to her. I know its crazy, but I cant. Jack crossed to the window on the other side of his office and stared at the view of the Yale campus. His commitment to what was left of his family warred with his drive to protect his position as CEO. 
I still dont understand why shes focused on hurting you, Andrew said as he shook his head.
Jack sighed. She went after my dad before me. When my uncle left her, she wasnt able to lash out at him because he just took off. He left her almost all their money and Chad was an adult, so custody wasnt an issue. There was no fight she could throw her anger into. I think she needed to lash out at someone and my parents were happily married. That seemed to make her angry so she began to attack them. Now that theyre gone, shes moved on to me. He shrugged, knowing his aunts anger made no more sense than his need to protect her in the face of it.
All right, but lets walk through this. Even if she gets the board to vote you out, Chad will refuse the position of CEO, wont he? He doesnt want the job, right? Andrew reasoned.
Yes, but at that point, the boards confidence in me may waver. If my own aunt takes me out, theyll question my ability, so even if Chad refuses the position, the board could go outside of the company for a new CEO instead of coming back to me. If that happens, the business my father built will be lost. And, even if none of that happens, if she has the proxy rights, she can make every decision that comes before the board into a battle. We have a great board right now with really sharp people. We work well together. Shed tear this board apart if she had those voting rights, and the company could crumble given enough time. Jack couldnt see any way around the mess he was in. And he knew he didnt want to ask Chad to confront his mother. 
I told Aunt Mabry I was getting married, for Gods sake. Shell be here at three oclock to meet my fiance. Hell, I thought I was just buying time. I planned to tell her there was no fiance, but that she would be powerless to oust me as CEO with the votes we had behind us. Now, it doesnt look as if I have those votes. Jack laughed at the ridiculous situation he found himself in but there was no humor behind it. Only frustration and disbelief that something like this could have happened without him getting out ahead of it. 
Well, thats three hours from now. Let me see if I can find out more about Bryan Barton or come up with something else. I tried tracking down Chad earlier so I could casually mention Bryan and see if they were friends, but I havent been able to reach him since he left your house this morning. Andrew said.
Okay. Lets work the problem. We cant exactly call Bryan Barton and ask what his vote would be since hes burying his father tomorrow. But, lets try to talk to other alumni we know to see if Barton and Chad were tight in school. And, keep looking for Chad to see what you can get out of him without letting him know whats going on. 
Why not tell him whats going on?
Jack shrugged. Why tell him if I dont want him to solve the problem?
Maybe hell have an idea. Another way out?
Cant chance that. Jack turned back to his desk. Hell want to go to his mom, and Im not ready for that.
Ill let you know what I come up with. In the meantime, start running through your little black book and figure out which of your booty calls may be looking for something more permanent, Andrew said as he strode out of the office. 
Oh man, that isnt funny, Jack groaned. 
***
Jennie quickly hit the intercom button as Andrew came walking down the hallway. She ducked down and pretended to rummage for something in a drawer as he walked by. Stunned, she grabbed her purse to head out for lunch. Boy did she have a juicy story for Kelly!   
Chapter Three
Kelly Bradley pulled into the parking lot of her condo complex and shut off her car. Grabbing three bags of groceries from the trunk, she headed for the stairs but went right at the top instead of toward her own condo on the left. She raised her fist and pounded. Hard. 
Mr. Anders! Mr. Anders! she called loudly through the door. Its Kelly. From next door. 
Kelly stopped and waited. And waited. She knew it would take Mr. Anders a little while to work his way to the door. His car was in the parking lot and he wasnt much of a walker, so chances were he was home. 
While she waited, Kelly propped her grocery bags against the wall next to her doorway and pulled out the cookies shed bought for her neighbor. The door behind her opened. She turned to find the slender white-haired man smiling at her with a mouth that was now fairly devoid of teeth. 
Hello, dear! the old man bellowed, but it came out more like hewwo deah due to the lack of teeth. 
His hearing had gone long before his teeth had. They compensated by hollering at one another most of the time. 
Whenever it snowed, Mr. Anders always managed to beat her downstairs to the parking lot. Hed clean off his car and then do hers. He would have scraped the ice from the windows before she even made it out of bed. Since he wouldnt stop doing it even though she insisted he didnt need to, Kelly had taken to bringing him occasional treats as a way of saying thank you. It was summer now, but she kept the treats up year round. 
Hi, Mr. Anders! she shouted back as she handed him the box of cookies. I got you cookies since I was at the store.
You got me cookies from a whore? he yelled back with a puzzled look on his face. Kelly felt her cheeks burn red and she sputtered, trying to figure out what to say. 
Within seconds, her neighbor cracked a grin. Gotcha, he said and slapped his leg as he laughed. Can you come in for a cookie?
Kelly laughed, but the red spots stayed high on her cheeks as she shook her head at the incorrigible man. Sorry, Mr. Anders. Im meeting a friend for lunch so Ive got to run. Ill stop by soon though.
He was still laughing when he shut his door. Kelly whipped into her place, unpacked the refrigerated and frozen items in her grocery bags, and grabbed her purse. She wanted to run to the mailbox before heading to lunch. With any luck, shed get the final few envelopes shed been waiting for today. 
She crossed the lawn to the large bank of mailboxes that served the entire complex. The letters arriving today would make or break Kellys dream. 
***
Kelly sat at the caf table waiting for her friend Jennie to arrive. She usually loved lunches with Jennie  she always had great gossip and funny stories. Kelly could never get over how gutsy Jennie was. She was the queen of espionage when it came to getting the scoop on things. Kelly was never sure why her friend wasnt in journalism. But she couldnt get in the mood for lunch and gossip today. With no real job prospects in sight, it was beginning to look as if her bachelors degree in Political Science was every bit as useless as people said bachelors degrees are nowadays. To top it off, shed finally received the last of the results of her scholarship applications for law school. 
 It was hard to believe she had fulfilled her dream of being accepted into Yale Law School. But, it didnt matter in the end because she didnt have the money. 
Kelly looked up to see Jennie coming toward the table and pasted a smile on her face for her friend. She didnt want her bad mood to ruin their lunch, and she didnt want Jennie to feel sorry for her. 
I have juicy gossip today! You wont believe what I overheard, Jennie started off but slowed when she saw the look on Kellys face. Whats wrong? You dont look likewell, like you. Jennie frowned at her friend. 
I got my acceptance letter to Yale. I got in, Kelly said quietly.
What? Thats fantastic! Kelly, thats great. Wait, I dont get it. Why arent you happy about this? Jennie asked.
I didnt get enough scholarship money to cover half the tuition there. I thought I had a shot at more grants, but theyre getting really tight nowadays. And if I take out that much money in loans, Ill be paying for the rest of my life.
Oh, Im so sorry. It must feel good to know you got in, though, huh? Ugh. Thats sounds so hey its an honor just to be nominated, doesnt it? Im sorry, Kel.
I know, she shrugged and tried to smile, but she knew it probably came off somewhat sad. 
How much money do you need? Jennie asked hesitantly. 
Well, it costs $52,000 per year for three years. I managed to get about $22,000 per year in grants and scholarship so when I say Im short, I mean Im really short. Even if I defer for a year and work the whole time Im in school, theres no way Ill have enough, Kelly explained.
Jennie frowned. Im so sorry. I know you had your heart set on Yale, but maybe you can apply to other places? Maybe the state law school?
Kelly raised her chin. Youre right. Ill apply at University of Connecticut next year and save my money until then. UConn is a really good law school, too. Top fifty. It was really stupid of me not to apply there as a backup school this year, but Ill apply next year. Itll be fine So now, distract me. She pasted another bright smile on her face for Jennie. Tell me your latest tidbit. What have your secret spy skills found today?
In hushed tones, so no one around could hear, Jennie launched into the story of the infamous Jack Suttons desperate need for a wife. As Kelly listened to her talk, she wished she could sometimes be as brash and brave as Jennie. I mean, really, who had the guts to listen in on their bosss conversations like that? Sounded like her boss would have to find someone fast. In fact, she was surprised Jennie hadnt marched into the room and proposed to Jack right then and there  just for the fun of it. 
Propose to Jennies boss, Jack? What if I propose to Jack? What? Whoa! Where did that thought come from?
Sure it was a crazy idea, but why not? If she married Jack Sutton for one year, hed get his shares, his job and his company would be secure. Shed get the money to go to Yale for three years. She and Jack would go their separate ways at the end of the year. Voila! 
Oh. My. God. I cant believe Im actually sitting here thinking about this. Kelly shook herself and tried to get rid of that crazy idea. But the more she thought about it, the more it sounded like a good one. A reasonable idea. The kind of idea she could pull off if she took a page out of Jennies playbook for once. 
Is Jack nice? Kelly suddenly interrupted Jennie.
What? Jennie asked. Oh, well, yeah, I guess hes a nice boss. Scares the hell out of most of the people he does business with. If you cross him or try to cheat him in a deal, you better look out. But, hes actually really good to the people that work for him. It surprised me at first. I always thought he would be a real ball breaker. Jennie leaned forward in a conspiratorial whisper. 
He has a whole division that he calls his security division, and they do some security, but theyre really mostly there to investigate any companies hes going to invest in or anyone hes negotiating with. They say he never goes into a deal blind. If you enter a deal with Jack Sutton or walk up to the negotiating table against him, hell already know what color underwear you have on that day. Jennie prattled on, not understanding where Kelly was headed. 
Wellbut I mean, is he a nice guy? Like, would you date him or would he be a total jerk? Kelly clarified.
Noooo, hes not bad. Hes a really good guy, Jennie said slowly, looking at Kelly as if she were trying to figure out what she was thinking. Id date him Oh my God! What are you thinking? Oh my God! Dont answer that. I know what youre thinking. Youre thinking youll marry him!
It could work. Kelly blushed. I go in there and ask for my tuition in exchange for a year of marriage. We head to the courthouse, then a neat and easy divorce a year from now. When she was younger, shed always thought she would marry for love. That when it happened to her, it would be forever. But, she still hadnt met anyone who made her think of spending her whole life with them. And, she supposed a fake marriage would be okay as long as it had an expiration date, and it was to a man she could trust  a good man. It wouldnt stop her from finding the real thing someday, and it meant that shed be able to get her law degree. 
Besides, she said as she continued to justify her plan, I might as well. Its not like Im going to miss out on falling in love with someone else because I tie myself up with Jack Sutton for a year. 
Kelly, dont be silly. Of course youll fall in love some day. You just havent met the right guy yet. 
Maybe someday, but Ive dated some really great guys. I mean really, really great. But Ive never felt more than like for any of them  even when they said they were in love with me. I really dont think love is in the cards for me, and even if it is, what are the chances that during the year I take off from dating for a fake marriage, Ill miss out on the one guy who Im destined to fall in love with? I think the chance of that is slim. And, if its true love thats meant to be, wouldnt it somehow work out after my fake marriage? Kelly knew how to push Jennies helplessly romantic buttons to win the argument. 
Jennie stared at her, shaking her head. Kelly could imagine what her friend was thinking. Jennie was supposed to be the daredevil. Jennie was the one who took risks. She did stupid things. Kelly was the levelheaded, kind, sweet, calm, orderly one. The kind of person who most certainly would never do this. 
Jennie appeared to be speechless as she stared back at her. And if Jennie was speechless, things could not be headed in a good direction.
Chapter Four
Kelly arrived at Jacks office as she and Jennie had planned, a few minutes before three oclock. She had run home to print up the marriage license application from the New Haven Office of Vital Statistics website. She showered and dressed in black wool slacks and a fitted ivory cashmere sweater from T.J.Maxx. 
When Jennie saw Kelly step off the elevator her jaw dropped. I cant believe youre going through with this. By the time I got back to the office, I was sure youd chicken out. 
Kelly squared her shoulders and stood up to her full height. Ive decided Im not going to second-guess myself on this. I want to go to Yale and Im going to, damn it. I think if I keep moving without stopping too long to think about it, I can go through with it, so get me in there.
Jennie raised an eyebrow and Kelly knew shed owe her friend big time. And this scene about to play out would essentially put Jennies job on the line. By getting Kelly in there, shed be revealing she had spied on Jack. She had a week left in the temporary placement. With this move, she would most likely lose not only this placement, but any chance of getting a new placement through the temp agency as well.
Well, you may be off your rocker, but at least you look good. Jacks Aunt Mabry and his cousin Chad are already in the office. Theyve only been in there for a minute, though, said Jennie.
Here goes nothing. She took a deep breath and waited for Jennie to announce her. 
With a huge grin on her face, Jennie pushed the intercom button on her phone and calmly spoke into the speaker. Sir, your fiance has arrived. Shall I show her in?
***
Jack sat in his office with his aunt and cousin and wondered how the hell to start to explain that there was no fiance. Andrew had sent a text at two oclock saying he hadnt found out anything more, and Chad still wasnt in the office. Andrew said he was working on something. He just didnt say what he was working on, so Jack had no idea if he should stall. 
He had actually been desperate enough to start calling some of the women hed dated in the last year or so. He wasnt exactly a ruthless player, although the tabloids tried to make it look like he was. Sure, he got around, had a few dates a month and slept with some of them, but those women all seemed shallow and fake to Jack. 
Two of them didnt answer the phone, one was gushing about her new husband and another had moved to London when she was offered a modeling deal with a European agency. That was as far as he got in his little black book before his aunt arrived  twenty minutes early. It seemed Chad had been with Mabry this morning because they arrived together and now they both sat, mother and son, looking expectantly at him. 
Were here to meet Jacks fiance, a smug-looking Mabry announced to Chad. Jack watched a bemused expression come over his cousins face. 
Chad had to be wondering what the hell was going on. He and Jack were close. They were more like brothers than cousins, so if he were getting married, Chad should have been the first to know.
Oh, great. Im never gonna hear the end of this from him.
So there they sat, waiting for an introduction to a fiance that Jack had never mentioned; a fiance Chad had never set eyes on. 
Jack leaned forward in his chair, took a deep breath and prepared to come clean. Just then his secretarys voice cut in, and he could swear he heard her say his fiance was here. 
His head whipped around and he stared at the phone, unable to process what was going on. Jacks experience in business had taught him to school his expressions and hide his thoughts from those around him, and though he was shocked, he did just that. He quickly hid all emotion from his face as he listened to his secretary.
Sir, did you hear me? Mr. Sutton? Your fiance has arrived. Shall I show her in? Jennie spoke again. 
Andrew. Andrew must have sent him a fiance. How in the hell had Andrew found him a fiance? I mean, how does one go about that, Jack thought. Oh God, what if Andrew sent him a prostitute?
Uh, yes, send her in, please. Jack forced the words out as his mind raced through the possible scenarios. 
Jennie opened the door to his office and stepped aside. Kelly swept into the room as if she owned the place. She glided over to Jacks desk, brushed a light kiss on his cheek, and casually handed him a stack of papers. 
Hello, sweetheart, Kelly said to Jack before turning to his aunt and Chad. You must be Jacks Aunt Mabry and his cousin. Hes told me so much about you. Im Kelly Bradley. She took the hand of a very stunned Aunt Mabry and pumped it before she turned to Chad, whose amusement had turned to confused surprise. Kelly shook his hand as well. 
Its nice to meet you, Chad said, but it came out more as a question than a statement. I dont know where Jacks been hiding you, but I can see why he wanted you all to himself, Chad said with a huge grin on his face. 
Jack was too busy trying to figure out who had just walked into his officeand what she was doing, to respond to Chads dig. This Kelly person had walked in as though she belonged there. As though she and Jack had the kind of intimate, close relationship that lets a woman waltz into a private family meeting and announce herself rather than wait to be invited and introduced. 
Whoever she was, she was beautiful. Her hair was a deep chestnut color, and it fell down her back in loose waves over the soft ivory cashmere of her sweater. She had incredible, bright blue eyes and a lightly freckled complexion. Her snug sweater showed off a soft, curvy figure that begged to be held. Wherever Andrew had found her, he had done well. She was exquisite. 
Jack tore his eyes off her and skimmed the papers in his hand while she stood chitchatting with his aunt and cousin as if nothing were out of the ordinary. The papers appeared to be an application for a marriage license for the State of Connecticut. There was a yellow sticky note on the top page that said: One year of marriage for $154,000. He quickly tucked the note in his pocket as his mind flew over possibilities.
Andrew had found him a wife for $154,000. 
What the hell? 
Had Andrew hired some call girl service? Asked some girl off the street? As he did in all of his deals, Jack quickly scanned all potential scenarios in his head. He assessed and evaluated the merits or drawbacks of each possibility. Obviously, if she were a call girl, the drawbacks were significant. In this case, he realized, he was woefully uninformed, and that wasnt a position he was used to being in. 
What the hell should he do? He had no idea who this woman was, but he didnt have a choice if he wanted to continue to head up the company his father had built. The company Jack had expanded and come to love. Now, he stood stiffly in his office as his head reeled from the sudden proposition in front of him But reason kicked in; he had to trust that Andrew wouldnt have sent a hooker or someone Andrew didnt know. Could Andrew have found a willing friend of his? Or maybe an ex-girlfriend? 
How weird would that be if this was one of Andrews exes? Wait, I know all of Andrews exes, dont I? 
Jack hadnt felt so off balance in his life. He suddenly realized that his supposed fiance was talking to him. 
Jack? Honey, I need to know if you can make it to the courthouse to apply for the marriage license tomorrow? We both have to be there to get it. Does that work for you? Kelly asked, indicating the papers in his hand. 
Uh, yes. Yeah, that works for me. Jack spit the words out through the haze in his head and turned to smile at his aunt and cousin. No matter what Chads relationship with Bryan Barton was, it looked as if Jack had just committed himself to a year of marriage with a stranger.
Chapter Five
Kelly swallowed hard as she heard Jacks answer to her proposal. She was relieved he was going along with it, but a tight ball of nerves had been growing in her stomach since she walked in the room, and she felt that ball taking over her entire being. 
Chad excused himself to return to his office with a look on his face that promised Jack would be grilled for details later. Kelly watched Jack out of the corner of her eye as she continued to talk to his aunt. She had seen Jack Sutton on occasion coming in and out of the building when shed met Jennie for lunch, and Jennie had told her he was handsome. But, handsome didnt even begin to describe the man. 
Jack was tall, about six feet three inches. He had dark brown hair that curled up at the edge of his collar. His eyes were a rich, deep brown, almost mahogany, and his face had chiseled features with a strong jaw. There wasnt a damn thing about the man that didnt sizzle. 
He wore a suit, but even in that Kelly could see his body was hard and fit under it  his tall, lean form toned and strong. His intense gaze made her breath go ragged. She couldnt imagine what it would be like to be alone in the room with him if he had this kind of effect on her with his aunt and cousin with them.
Jack sat on the edge of his desk, legs stretched out and crossed at the ankles in front of him, arms crossed over his chest. He watched her quietly while she finished chatting with his aunt. 
Kelly wrapped things up and ushered Aunt Mabry out the door by four oclock as she made excuses about Jack needing to get back to work. She closed the door behind his aunt and turned to Jack. Thats when Kelly felt the ground fall out from under her and her world tilt on its axis. 
Suddenly, she faced Jack Sutton. She found herself feeling very shaken, to say the least. She looked up at him and realized that, in essence, she had just waltzed into his office and proposed. 
I cant believe I did that, Kelly began to pace frantically. She wrapped her arms around her waist and circled the room. 
Oh God, oh God, oh God, she said and she began to feel as if she might hyperventilate. She slid down onto the couch that sat along the longest wall in Jacks office and tried to breathe, but ended up taking in huge gulps of air that felt as if they might choke her. For the first time since she came up with her harebrained scheme to get her hands on enough money to attend Yale Law School, the reality of what she had done hit her like a ton of bricks.
***
Jack studied Kelly as she began to fall apart in his office. She had been so cool and collected two minutes ago  so totally in control of the situation. Now he watched her crumble as if all the steel she seemed to have running through her veins moments ago was suddenly drained, leaving her frightened and panicked. 
He smiled wryly and suddenly felt back in control. 
I guess its my turn to be the calm, cool, collected one. 
The killer instincts he always felt when he walked into the boardroom or sat down at the negotiating table came back in full force. He crossed to Kelly and took both of her hands in his then spoke firmly and calmly. 
You did great. You had them completely fooled and you did great. I dont know how Andrew did this on such short notice, but you were fantastic. Jack started to rub her back in slow, soothing circles, hoping to calm her down so they could discuss the details of their newly-made arrangement. Since Andrew hadnt had time to give him a heads up, he had no idea how this was supposed to work out. 
Jack continued to rub her back and he could hear her breathing begin to slow down and become more regular. Jack felt her body relax as her breathing returned to normal. See, he said, that wasnt so bad. 
Kelly nodded and gave him a weak smile. She took several more deep breaths. Jack watched as her expression moved from panicked to resolved.
Ha! I did it. I knew I could, Kelly said out loud.
Great, shes got multiple personalities or shes bipolar or something. Jack watched as Kellys emotions swung back and forth.
Then her eyes went round and she sat up straighter. Wait, she said, whos Andrew?
Chapter Six
Poker face or not, Jack needed to put some space between them when Kelly asked who Andrew was. He stood up and took a few steps back and schooled his expression once again. He forced himself to stay calm despite her revelation that Andrew hadnt set this up. If she didnt know who Andrew was, how did she come to be here, and who had he agreed to marry? All the calm that had come back to him in the last few moments fled, and he felt himself floundering again. What was happening to his ordered world?
If Andrew didnt send you, then who the hell are you? Jack demanded. This day was getting worse and worse. Hell, it had to be a nightmare. There was no way he had just agreed to marry some complete stranger in front of his aunt and cousin. A complete stranger who happened to materialize out of thin air right when he needed a wife? 
Jack rubbed the heels of his hands against his eyes. He hadnt slept much the night before after he lied to his aunt about having a fiance, and he was working even more than usual lately. Maybe he imagined this. 
Thats it. Shes a hallucination. A very vivid hallucination. 
The hallucination was speaking, though. Do hallucinations speak? Jack asked himself. Im Kelly Bradley, she said, tentatively. 
Jack leveled a steady glare at her and crossed his arms over his chest. Nice to meet you, Kelly. Now who the hell are you and where did you come from?
Well, I recently became aware of your little problem, and I have my own little problem. I put two and two together and figured out we could help each other, and so here I am. Voila, she explained with a little flutter of her hands at the voila. 
Became aware? Thats a bit vague. Start from the beginning, woman. Jack knew he was a formidable-looking man, and he was using that to his advantage as he grilled Kelly, but he also couldnt help be a little amused by her attempts to skirt his questions. 
Damn, shes cute when she squirms. 
Um, well, Kelly bit her lip as she started the story, but he hardly heard her. He found himself distracted by her luscious, kissable mouth. 
Jesus, Jack, get a grip on yourself and focus.
Kelly was still talking and he forced himself to listen to what she said. 
Jennie overheard you talking about your mothers will and that you needed someone to marry you by the end of the week. So, here I am. Well get married for a year and then get a nice neat divorce, and well never have to see each other again. Im not a psycho  just a normal girl with a degree that apparently isnt going to get me a job anytime soon. So I improvised. And, before you get all worried, I have zero interest in a real relationship. I have other plans and marriage isnt one of them. And besides, Im immune to falling in love. Im broken or something. It just doesnt happen to me, so that wont be a concern. At this point, Kelly was babbling. 
Jack held up his finger to stop Kellys story for a moment. He pushed the button on his phone and spoke. Jennie, can you come in here, please? Jack released the button and turned calmly back to Kelly. 
As he faced off with her once again, Jack asked, Why $154,000? Why did you ask for such a specific amount? Gather the information first, Jack told himself. Get the right information so you stay ahead of this thing  whatever the hell this thing was.
I need it for law school. I got into Yale, but I cant pay for tuition. I need that amount to cover three years so I can get my J.D. she said. Jack noticed that she raised her chin just a hair as she told him that she had gotten into Yale. As she talked, she began to look more like the confident woman who had claimed his office as her own an hour earlier.
Hmmm. If what she said were true, she wasnt an idiot and  all evidence of mood swings aside  she probably was a fairly bright, normal person to have made it into law school. Much less Yale Law School. Well, that showed she wasnt completely psychotic, anyway. And she wasnt looking to take him for millions. His rough net worth was a matter of public knowledge, so she had to know the amount she was asking for was chump change to him. She could have demanded millions, and it wouldnt have put a dent in his bank account. He wondered why she hadnt asked for more. 
Watching her now, he began to think they just might be able to pull it off. Hed have to teach her about negotiating though. I mean, really, what was she thinking only asking him for tuition? Shed had him over a barrel when she walked in this room. She should have held out for more. 
Jack made a mental note to have a full background check done on Kelly. Hed have the results back tomorrow. If that panned out, he would go through with getting the marriage certificate the next day as she suggested. If not, hed send her packing. 
While Jack was busy thinking, Jennie came into the room. She looked appropriately embarrassed, trying not to make eye contact with her boss. He figured she was probably wondering if she would get fired from the temp agency or only from this particular assignment. 
Jack glanced up at Jennie. Call the temp agency and tell them you quit. You work for me now. Go down to Human Resources and tell them youre joining Chads team. Chad runs our security and investigations department. I think thats a good fit for yourskills. HR will get you set up.  
Jennie stood there with a stunned look on her face, and Jack wondered if shed ever been caught at any of her little games before. 
Oh, and Jennie, Jack said. 
Yes, sir?
Keep the marriage deal quiet. Dont mention it to anyone, including Chad, or youre fired and Kelly wont get a penny. That goes for anything else youve overheard. And tell maintenance to get that damned intercom fixed. He had known the light didnt work right on the phone but hadnt thought it would be an issue. Hell, usually his company was the one investigating other people. But Jennie had been eavesdropping on him  in his own office. He should have been more careful to protect himself. But at least he could put her to work for him from now on. Jennie had managed to fool him and look so damned innocent this whole time, he was sure shed be an asset on Chads team. 
As Jennie skittered out of the room, Andrew walked in and looked at Jack and Kelly. Hey, Jack, he said slowly, whats going on? His head whipped back and forth from Jack to Kelly as if he were watching a tennis match.
Did you find anything? Jack ignored Andrews question, asking one of his own. 
I found a friend of Chads from prep school that owed me a favor. Says Bryan and Chad knew each other. They werent close but they also didnt hate each other. Hung out with some of the same people, so it might be a gamble hoping that he wouldnt back Chad for CEO. I think we need to go to Chad and get him involved. 
Jack shook his head as Andrew finished his explanation. Andrew knew Jack didnt have it in his heart to ask Chad to do that to his mom. To Jack, family was family and he would lose everything he had, for his family. The irony was, in this case, it was his own family that was attacking him, so he was in a Catch-22.  Still, he wanted to do all he could not to hurt his aunt as he defended himself. 
Chapter Seven
Jack faced Kelly again. He was once again fully back in his element. He took control of the negotiations now that he had made the decision to run with this. He didnt really have any other option, and she didnt appear to be a lunatic. In fact, as he watched her quietly come to grips with what she had done and get her confidence back, he marveled at her. It had really taken guts to walk into the room and pull off what she had. And shed done it with such grace and confidence. She owned his office as if it were hers, and there werent many people who could pull that off. He found himself a little in awe of the gorgeous creature who now sat quietly on his couch. 
Okay. One year of marriage. Youll sign a prenuptial agreement. You get your law school tuition, and youll have a credit card for expenses while were married. Youll have to attend occasional dinner parties and fundraising events, that sort of thing, so youll need appropriate clothes. Some of them will be black tie. Put anything you need on my card. After the divorce, Ill get you a condo in New Haven and some spending money for the three years youll be at law school. After graduation, youll be on your own. Youll move into my house in Fairfield while were married. At the end of the year, we cite irreconcilable differences and end the marriage. 
I hadnt really thought Id need to move in with you. I-I thought this would only be on paper, Kelly stammered while Andrew watched the scene play out, with a look of shocked amusement on his face. It was more than obvious Andrew didnt know who this woman was or how Jack had found her  and that he couldnt wait to hear the details. 
Jack shook his head. Uh uh. My Aunt Mabry and my board of directors will need to be utterly convinced this is a real marriage. We need to live together. Dont worry, there are nine bedrooms so we wont need to sleep together. I have a housekeeper who lives in an apartment over the garage, but shes very loyal and discreet. She wont say a word if we arent sharing a bed. The house is on the water so you can spend the summer relaxing and hanging out before school. 
Kelly blushed at his mention of shared bedrooms. Jack found himself intrigued as he watched her cheeks flame red. She was gutsy and courageous one minute and sweet and innocent the next. It was a captivating combination. 
Wait. 
Jack shook his head to clear his thoughts. 
What am I thinking? Focus on the big picture, Jack. Shes a means to an end. Nothing more. 
Andrew piped back in. I left you alone for three hours and you found a wife?
She found me, Jack answered in a distracted manner, not bothering to elaborate.
Andrew raised his eyes to the ceiling and muttered to no one in particular. Whole industries are built on helping men and women try to find someone, and Jack has women walking in off the street to marry him. Wait, why did she walk in off the street? Andrew asked as he directed his eyes back to Jack. She just happened to know you were in the market for a wife? This is like an episode of I Dream of Jeannie. 
Jack ignored the questions and kept his focus on hammering out the details with Kelly. Well have to spend some time getting to know each other, go out to dinner and things occasionally, maybe kiss once or twice in front of the right people, Jack continued. 
Now Jack could really see the heat climbing its way up Kellys cheeks. He was almost enjoying this and wondered how red he could make those cheeks burn. Her eyes had gone big and round at the mention of a kiss. What would those doe eyes do if he told her what else he was thinking of doing as he watched her now? 
Jack glanced over at Andrew and saw Andrew had one eyebrow raised as he regarded the couple. He leaned a shoulder on the wall, crossed his arms, and watched the scene unfolding before him. Jack knew he was going to catch a lot of flack about this from Andrew, but he needed to focus on Kelly for now. Andrew shook his head and muttered something about a bottle and Jeannie and Captain Nelson. Andrew looked amused now, but Jack knew once he heard the full story, he was going to catch hell for what he was planning to do. Andrew didnt have very much faith in womens motives. 
***
Kelly watched Jack as he detailed the terms of their deal. She hadnt really thought through the actual implementation of her plan. Her palms were sweating and her cheeks flaming as she listened and considered the implications. She wasnt a virgin, but she certainly hadnt thought through the possibility they would need to share a bed, so she was relieved to hear she would have a separate room. 
She could handle being housemates if necessary, but the thought of kissing Jack made Kelly feel like an inexperienced fifteen-year-old. In a normal world, she wouldnt dream of kissing a man like him. He was powerful and striking, with a chiseled body and eyes that felt as if they could melt her with a glance. When she was with Jack, she felt as if a whole swarm of butterflies had been let loose in her stomach. Her breath came faster and shorter. She felt as if she might pass out when he looked at her with that steady, sensual gaze as if he could look right into her and read her thoughts. 
Kelly felt a tightening in her stomach and wondered for the fiftieth time that hour just what she had gotten herself into. 
Chapter Eight
When Mabry Thompson left Jack and Kelly, she walked down the hall to her sons office. She entered without knocking and immediately dove into a tirade. 
Married, my ass. That engagement is as fake as my highlights. I dont know how he did it or who she is, but we need to expose this marriage as a fraud. Mabry tossed her purse down on one of the two chairs in front of Chads desk and lowered herself into the other. 
Hello again, Mom. Long time no see, Chad deadpanned as he turned away from his computer to face his mother. He didnt know quite what was going on with Jacks sudden marriage announcement, and he agreed something didnt smell right, but Chad couldnt care less if Jack had cooked up this wedding to save his position as CEO. If it meant keeping his mother out of his hair about taking over control of Sutton Capital, he was fine with whatever arrangement Jack made. 
His mother ignored his reply and continued her tirade. Theyre apparently going to be married by the end of the week, just in time to meet the terms of his mothers will. Theres no way this is a real marriage. Ive never even heard him talk about this girl, and all of a sudden theyre getting married?
It doesnt matter if they arent in love, Mom. As long as they go through with the wedding, the terms of the trust will be met, and the shares become Jacks. Let it go, Mom. I dont want to lead the company anyway. He knew she wouldnt even pretend to listen to him. No matter how many times he told her, she was determined to hurt Jack, and that meant she wanted to see her son take over Jacks position. 
Nonsense, Mabry said harshly, once again completely ignoring her sons wishes. Chad gritted his teeth and waited his mother out. She was good at ignoring what he wanted. She had practically ignored the fact that he joined the army after college. She ignored him again when he came home from the military and started to run the security division of Sutton Capital. Together, he and Jack had made the security division into what it was today; a crucial part of the business rather than a small cog in the wheel. 
He knew he could press her and make her stop, but hed had trouble putting his foot down with her since his dad walked out on her ten years ago. That abandonment had changed her. It broke her, and that broke Chads heart. It was as if she were a different person. She was hard and unreachable sometimes, and other times she was fragile and would have a meltdown at the drop of a hat. She seemed filled with anger. Like Jack, Chad was afraid if he pushed too hard, and said just plain no, shed feel as if he were leaving her too. 
Mabry ignored the look of exasperation on her sons face as he continued to sort papers on his desk. If we can show the board the marriage is a farce, we can convince them Jack isnt fit to run the company and outvote him. We need to figure out how to show those two arent really in love. We need to figure out who she is and what shes getting out of this.
Chad had learned a long time ago to ignore what his mother was doing and try to live his life, but now he began to worry that she might go too far and hurt Jack. 

Chapter Nine
Two days later, Kelly stood outside the New Haven County Courthouse on Church Street and waited for Jack. She thought about how she would break the news to her mother that she had married someone without telling her family. Without even introducing them to Jack first. She knew it would break her mothers heart, and her sister wouldnt easily forget the fact that she missed out on being Kellys maid of honor, but she also knew it was wrong to have her family witness a fake marriage. She decided to ask for forgiveness after the fact instead of inviting them to the ceremony. 
Kelly tucked her hair behind her ears as she watched Jack striding down the street toward her from his office a block away, and was again taken with how utterly and completely gorgeous the man was. Just as he took over any room he entered with his presence, he seemed to take over the street as he moved down the sidewalk. Kelly couldnt take her eyes off him as he strode confidently toward her as if he owned the sidewalk.
She watched him walk up to her and felt nerves take over as she thought about what they were about to do. It should be a crime to look as good as Jack Sutton. Tanned skin and mahogany eyes that burned through Kelly, and a smile that made her legs turn to mush right there on the sidewalk. 
As Kelly stood watching Jack, her palms got sweaty, and for a minute she thought about running  just leaving and forgetting all about this crazy idea. She sighed and, despite her reservations, resigned herself to go through with it. It was her crazy idea to begin with, and she had given her word shed do it, so she would. It wouldnt be fair to Jack to go back on her word now. 
As he approached, he smiled at her, taking her hands as if he knew she needed to be grounded. Maybe he could spot that she was considering bolting. He gave her a look that felt as if he could see deep inside her, understood her anxiety, and with it, she felt a wave of calm wash over her. She was ready. 
***
Jack watched the play of emotions that ran across Kellys face as he walked toward her. There were times when she was so calm and confident, and other times when he could see the panic start to edge onto her face. He supposed that made sense since it was a bit crazy to walk into his office and propose he pay her for a year of marriage  and then actually go through with marrying a man she didnt know at all. He found it fascinating to watch her shift from one emotion to the next. Hell, who was he kidding? Jack found it fascinating to watch Kelly no matter what she was doing.
Jack thought Andrew was going to keel over in his office that day when Jack finally wrapped things up with Kelly and explained the situation to him. Andrew had a protective streak, so although he found her approach mildly amusing, he was more than a little suspicious of her. Jack knew Andrew had damn good reasons for his distrust of women where money was concerned, but even Andrew began to warm to her when Jack explained that she had only asked for law school tuition. And when the results of the private investigators report came in the next day with nothing but squeaky-clean results all the way around, he was sold on her. So, it looked as though, for better or worse, he was getting married.
Jack wanted to make this marriage look as real as possible, so he had picked out an engagement ring and wedding bands he thought Kelly might like. As he stood in front of the courthouse with her, Jack took a small box out of his pocket and opened it to reveal an elegant diamond ring in a platinum setting. The diamond was an Asscher-cut diamond surrounded by smaller princess-cut diamonds. Kelly gasped as he smiled at her and placed it on her finger. 
W-what is this for? she stammered as she stared at the ring. 
Jack shrugged a shoulder. Well, it only makes sense that I would buy you a ring. People will expect it, and I thought this one was pretty. Do you like it?
Its beautiful, Kelly said, and she nodded vigorously as she fingered it on her hand. She looked as if she werent used to the feel of a ring, much less one as heavy as the one on her finger now. 
Good, Jack smiled at her then enfolded her hand in his and they walked side by side into the courthouse. He almost laughed when he realized how much he liked holding hands with Kelly. And in a way, he felt as if he had walked into some bizarre world where nothing hed known before made sense. Jack Sutton didnt hold hands. And yet, here he was, happily grabbing her small hand in his large one and trotting up to the altar with her. 
They found the right room, signed in and presented the paperwork for their marriage license. The ceremony was short, basic, with two of the courthouse staff serving as witnesses. Kelly now wore a thin platinum band inset with diamonds next to the engagement ring, and Jack wore a thick, plain platinum ring on his hand. 
When the Justice of the Peace said the final words, You may now kiss the bride, Jack leaned down and softly, gently, pressed his lips to Kellys. He was stunned at the shock of arousal that the small kiss sent coursing through him  and from the look on her face so was she. Kelly stared wide-eyed at Jack for a split second before glancing away, while he worked to school his expression; covering all emotion that he might have revealed in the split second hed been caught off guard. 
What in the hell was that? 
***
Kellys apartment had been packed up, sublet, and her belongings moved over to Jacks house on the water in Fairfield. She and Jack headed there right after the ceremony. She followed his car for the thirty-minute trip, and was relieved to have that time to herself. When she was around Jack, Kelly felt as though she couldnt breathe. Her whole body tingled when he looked at her, and she was mortified by the thought that he might look at her and realize exactly what she was thinking.
Kelly gasped when they turned into the driveway of what would be her home for the next year. 
Wow, she said to herself as she pulled to a stop. Justwow. 
Sprawling was all that came to mind. His home looked like a beach house on steroids with its cedar siding, rooflines that sloped and met at varying angles, and what Kelly thought might be called gables. She pulled into the circular drive behind his car and laughed. Her little Honda Civic seemed wildly out of place behind Jacks Jag. 
This is it, he said, as he stepped out of his car and looked up toward the house. 
Kelly stared at the house. Its amazing, she all but whispered. 
Come on, said Jack, handing her a key. Ill show you inside. 
She looked down at the key. She was amazed how quickly Jack had thought of everything they needed. He had pulled this charade together in a matter of days. Her head hadnt stopped spinning since she walked into his office. 
She took a deep breath and vowed to have fun with this. After all, shed had the guts to walk in his office and pull off this little dealso why not live up to that new image that had bubbled up to the surface that day? 
Ill need to get you a garage door opener and show you how to work the alarm codes. Mrs. Poole lives in an in-law suite over the garage and takes care of all the cooking and cleaning. You can leave her a list of the food that you like and what you want her to stock in the house, and shell see that its taken care of, Jack explained as they walked in through the front entry. 
Oh, thats really not necessary, she said hurriedly. I honestly dont want her to have to do things for me. I mean, I dont want you to have to change things for me. Oh no, thought Kelly. This really wasnt what she had in mind when she thought up this insane plan. Truth be told, she hadnt even thought it through this far, or thought about what their lives would be like for the next year. 
Its all right, Kelly, Jack said with a shrug. She does them for me, so theres no reason not to do them for you, too.
 Come on, he said as he headed up the staircase, taking the stairs two at a time on his long, lean legs. Ill show you the house.
***
Jack showed Kelly the house and went back to the office to work. Her furniture had been put in storage, but all of her clothes, books, and personal items had been put in the largest of the guest rooms. 
Kelly climbed the stairs to her new room and looked out the window to the view of Long Island Sound. She did have to admit, it was stunning here. She was going to be spoiled this year in Jacks fairy tale house.
She had turned back to the room to unpack her belongings when a plump woman in her late fifties, with short graying hair that once was brown, and kind smiling eyes appeared in the doorway. 
Oh! said Kelly. You startled me.
Im sorry. The woman smiled and came into the room. 
Im Mrs. Poole. I saw Jack leave and thought Id come get you settled in. Did Jack show you where everything is? She immediately started to make herself useful. She had a singsong voice that Kelly found soothing and comforting.
Kelly responded to the womans genuine and warm smile with one of her own. Im Kelly. Thank you, yes. 
Mrs. Poole opened the curtains and blinds, pulled towels out of the linen closet and brought them into the adjoining bath. She even started to help Kelly unpack.  
Jack showed me around, although I think it will take me a while to get used to it all. With one sister and two brothers, I grew up in a fairly large home, but it was nothing like this. 
Mrs. Poole nodded and laughed. It takes a bit of getting used to. You holler if you get lost, and Ill come find you and get you to where you need to go.
Mrs. Poole whirled around busily, putting clothes away as she chatted with Kelly about the room. Ive always loved this room. Jack brought in a designer to do everything when he bought the house. I wouldnt have thought of putting yellow with Wedgewood blue, but it turned out beautifully. So light and airy with the white wicker furniture and trim.
Oh, you dont need to help me unpack, Kelly said, embarrassed to be waited on. I really dont want to be a burden. I mean I dont mean that is I dont . Kelly stumbled nervously over the words, not knowing how to explain the situation to Mrs. Poole. She didnt know if Jack had told Mrs. Poole about their arrangement yet or not, but he must have if Mrs. Poole didnt think it was odd that Kelly was staying in a separate room.
Mrs. Poole smiled kindly at her as she crossed to hang several dresses in the walk-in closet. Its all right, dear. Jack explained whats going on. He thought it would be best for me to know about your little, uh, agreement. I have to say, its one of the funnier pickles hes gotten himself into, and I do find it entertaining that the whole thing was your idea. Ill bet that caught him off guard. Jack is used to being in charge of things. I bet he damn near jumped out of his skin when his fiance walked into his office. She laughed a full belly laugh as her eyes sparkled with amusement.
Kelly let out her breath and smiled at Mrs. Poole. The older womans blunt manner put her at ease, and she had a feeling she would like getting to know this woman. 
Besides, itll be nice to have someone else around this big place. All of my kids are long grown, and its too empty here when its just me and Jack. I like having people around the house to spoil. 
Kelly started to relax and felt better about the whole bizarre situation. 
But Mrs. Pooles next comment caught her off guard again, and she realized shed need to stay on her toes. 
That man needs this, though. Youll be very good for Jack, even if it is only for a year, Mrs. Poole said with a wink and walked out of the room. 
Chapter Ten
Jack and Kelly drove to Hamden for her parents weekly Sunday dinner. They were in his Jaguar, and she couldnt help but appreciate the buttery softness of the leather as she melted down into the seat. 
Are you close to your family, Kelly? Jack asked as he turned off the highway at the sign for Hamden. 
Uh huh. I dont make it for dinner every Sunday, but I try to get there two or three times a month. My mom is a great cook so its not a hardship, she said, with a small smile.
Jack made a left turn onto a tree-lined residential street. Tell me again how many of you there are? She had told Jack about her brothers and sisters before, and she suspected that in his line of work, he remembered names and details with very little effort. Kelly had a feeling he wanted to keep her talking to calm her nerves and she was thankful to him.
There are four of us. My sister Jessica whos two years older than I am, and our older brothers Liam and David. My sister and my mom and I are really close, so I know theyll be hurt I didnt tell them about you. Kelly chewed on her bottom lip and looked out the window as he pulled over to the side of the street in front of the house where she grew up. 
You ready? Jack asked her when she made no move to open the car door.
Better get it over with, huh? she said, but she looked far from convinced of that idea as she stepped out.
Jack ran around to meet her, and took her hand in his as they stepped along the walkway. Kelly was surprised by how supportive and nice he was about meeting her family. She hadnt expected this big business mogul to be so accommodating. Genuine and sweet. But he kept proving her wrong. 
Itll be all right, Kel. He squeezed her hand, and for a moment Kelly felt as though they had been friends forever with the easy way he had fallen into calling her Kel and the way he was able to calm her whenever she began to feel as if she had fallen down a rabbit hole  which was a lot lately. 
She opened the front door and pulled Jack in behind her, still holding his hand. Mom, Dad, Kelly called out, were here.
Kellys mother came walking in from the kitchen wiping her hands on a dishtowel. Whos here, Kelly? Did you bring a friend? Her mom stopped when she saw Jack. Oh, you brought a friend, she said, all smiles and beaming. Kelly knew her mother was thrilled that she had brought home a man. Just wait until she found out he was a married man. Her married man! How would she react?
Jim! her mother called out over her shoulder. Come meet Kellys friend.
Mom, this is Jack. Jack, my mom, Betty Bradley.
Just then her mom spotted the diamonds on her left hand and gasped. Taking Kellys hand in hers she stared, gaping. With a pained look on her face, Kelly tried to get out the words.
Um, Mom. Jack and I. We, um. Kelly couldnt figure out the right way to tell her mother she had missed her daughters wedding.
Maam. Jack put his arm around Kelly. Your daughter gave me the honor of becoming my wife, he said in a somewhat old-fashioned way that was probably very out of character for him, but was absolutely the perfect way to explain things to her mom. Kelly felt a surge of gratitude for Jack and sank further into the curve of his body. 
Kelly watched as her mother absorbed the news, but the shock on her mothers face was all she could see. She didnt know if her mother was happy or mad or what. 
Jim! Her mother really bellowed now. Come meet Kellys new husband. Her mothers voice raised in pitch with each word so that she was practically squeaking at the end. 
Kelly felt nervous laughter bubbling up as the front hall was quickly filled with her fathers large frame, her two older brothers, who both stood as tall as Jack and both glowering at him, and her older sister  all talking at once. Jack kept his arm around her, and Kelly grabbed onto his hand as it wrapped around her waist, clinging to him as if he were an anchor. Her anchor. She didnt know what to say. Jacks calm voice broke through the madness once again.
Sir, he said, extending his hand to shake hands with Kellys father, Im sorry we didnt come to see you all first. Its just that this took us a bit by surprise. 
Kelly almost laughed at Jacks explanation, but she also knew that he was trying to throw himself under the bus for her, and she was in awe that he would go to these lengths to take the fall with her father. She knew not many people could ever say theyd heard such a humble apology coming from Jack Sutton. The look on her fathers face was priceless, and her brothers even seemed to relax slightly as they watched her father take Jacks hand and shake it. 
Suddenly, her mom and her sister were pulling her into the kitchen as her sister squealed with excitement and looked at the diamond on Kellys hand. Jack was dragged off by her brothers and father to the study for a drink. She could only hope he would survive until she managed to rescue him. 
Jessica held Kellys hand tightly and gaped at the ring on Kellys finger, but all Kelly could do was look at her mothers face. There was no anger, just pain. She could see her mother was trying to hide the pain and it tore Kelly up. She had known this would be hard, but she almost wished her mother would yell and scream. Anything would be better than this silent look of hurt. 
Im sorry, Mom, Kelly said quietly. I know you probably wanted to be there, but we just had a private ceremony at the courthouse. It was all so fast . She broke off, not sure what more she could say to try to explain something that really couldnt be explained. 
Are you pregnant? Jessica asked in her melodramatic stage whisper.
Oh, Jessica, dont be ridiculous, Kellys mother swatted at Jessica and turned to look at Kelly for a good long moment.
In her quiet way, her mother asked her, Are you happy, Kelly?
Kelly nodded, Yes, Mom, I really am. Not for the reasons you think, but yes, Im happy.
Her mother gave one swift bob of the head. Then Im happy, sweetheart. Thats all I needed to hear. And with that, Kelly was wrapped in her mothers arms. She couldnt shake the feeling of guilt, though, and somehow her mothers quick forgiveness made it worse. 
Chapter Eleven
Kelly was sitting next to Jack at the dinner table, but he couldnt read her face as they all passed around bowls and platters; filling plates with her moms homemade chicken, macaroni and cheese, salad, and green beans. It was comfort food at its finest, and he wouldnt mind coming to more Sunday dinners if her moms cooking tasted as good as it looked. 
So, Kelly, Jack tells us you met at his office? Her fathers question sent Kellys iced tea down the wrong pipe so that she coughed and sputtered. Jack laughed and patted her on the back while she tried to catch her breath. 
Um, yes, Dad. We met at Jacks office, she finally managed to spit out. 
Oh, what do you do, Jack? asked her mother.
Im in venture capital. My company identifies companies at various stages of development that we think are good risks to invest in. Sometimes they need seed money, sometimes growth or expansion. We invest, and we get a share of the company if theyre a success. 
When Kellys mom smiled warmly at him and said, Thats nice, dear, in a way that Jack knew would sound condescending from some people, he realized she meant it quite sincerely. She almost said it as if she were proud of him, and he found himself missing his own mother. Searching for another topic of conversation, Jack turned to Kelly.
Did you tell your parents about Yale, Kel? Jack had been referring to the fact that Kelly now had a way to pay for Yale, but he was surprised to discover she hadnt even told them yet that she had been accepted. The room went silent as everyone looked at Kelly.
Oh, no, I havent told them. I mean, weve had the wedding and everything. Then moving, you know, she said a bit weakly.
Kelly got into Yale Law School! Jack surprised himself with how much pride he felt as he announced her big news. He found himself taking a hold of her hand on top of the table.  
Once again, the family all talked at once as they congratulated Kelly and talked over each other in their excitement. When things quieted down, though, Kellys mom spoke up softly.
Kelly, dear, how much is that going to cost? Im not sure well have the money for Yale. Did you apply to any other schools, sweetheart? she asked hesitantly. 
Now Kelly, Jack, and Jessica, were all sputtering in their drinks and trying to recover, while the rest of the family looked on with confused looks on their faces. Jessica recovered first and grinned at the rest of the family. She was the one in the family who read the gossip rags and kept up with whos who in town, and she had known who Jack was the second he walked in the door.
You need to start reading the paper, Mom. Everyone knows who Jack Sutton is. Kellys rich now. I mean really, really rich. As in, filthy stinking rich with a capital R, she said with very little tact or grace, and Jack laughed as Kellys face turned red. 
***
Jack stepped out the back door of Kellys parents house and walked across the lawn to the oak tree where his new wife stood. Sticking his hands in his pockets and rocking back on his heels, he stood behind her and followed her gaze out to the sunset that created purple clouds spreading across the sky. 
Beautiful, huh? Kelly asked, looking over her shoulder at him.
Incredible, he said quietly, looking at her instead of the sunset. Kelly looked down at her toes and blushed.
Im so sorry, Jack, she said as she looked up at him. She bit her lower lip.
His eyebrows shot up on his forehead. For what? Jack asked, genuinely confused. 
For the mortifying dinner conversation. One minute my mom is practically telling you what a nice little company you have, and the next my sister is announcing your net worth. 
Kelly cringed, and Jack imagined she was playing back her interpretation of the nights events in her head. He laughed a genuine, full laugh. Im very used to people talking about my money. And I happen to like your mom. She makes me think of my own mother and I like that, Kel. She looked up at him, and he hoped she saw he meant what he said.
Ive been thinking, though, Kelly, Jack went on, as he took her shoulders in his hands and leaned in to speak close to her ear, his breath whispering over her neck. If a newly married man comes to dinner at his wifes house, and they sneak off into the yard together for a private moment. He turned Kelly to face him and pulled her into his arms, wrapping her up. They would steal a kiss. 
He paused and looked into her eyes a moment and watched her quiet gasp of understanding. A slow smile worked its way across his face. Jack wanted it to look like they were really married, but he also had to admit hed been wondering what it would be like to kiss Kelly, to really kiss Kelly, especially after that small kiss at their wedding a few days ago. And, he was used to getting what he wanted. 
So, Jack said as he leaned down and brushed his lips softly along her neck before drawing back and looking her in the eye. Im going to kiss you now, Kelly, he said quietly, nothing more than a murmur. He closed his mouth over hers, exploring her slowly, tenderly. 
Jack didnt mean to get so carried away. Just a little show to make things look the way they should to the world around them. Somehow that small kiss exploded between them, and he found himself deepening the kiss, pulling Kelly even tighter to him as he delved into her mouth. He felt her hands come up to his chest and for a moment he thought she would press him away, but instead her small hands closed tightly, grabbing his shirt and pulling him even closer as she came up on her toes.
***
Kelly had been able to focus on keeping her voice steady and her hands from shaking while Jack stood behind her watching the sunset. With him standing so close, it felt as if her body were reaching out to him, or maybe it was his body reaching out to set hers on fire. 
But when he turned her and kissed her, Kelly felt her world suddenly spin sideways, out of control. His kiss was filled with burning passion, and she felt a tingling sensation run through her body and her breath catch in her chest as she fisted Jacks shirt in her hands, pulling him tighter to her. The second she realized what shed done, Kelly gasped and let go of his shirt, pulling back from the kiss  but it was too late. She felt the strength of the attraction, the odd pull toward Jack. 
Heat spread through her whole body and she knew she had never felt a kiss like that before, and was fairly sure she never would again. And that thought terrified her because this was temporary. This wasnt real. And she didnt fall in love with men. She just didnt. Did she?
Jack looked as stunned as she felt, but before either could say or do anything more, the back door swung open and Liam called them in for dessert. 
Chapter Twelve
Kelly finished her registration for Yale, and Jack sent the tuition in as promised, so she was all set to start school in September. Over the next week, Jack, Kelly, and Mrs. Poole fell into a comfortable routine around the house. Jack left for work before she got up in the morning so they didnt see each other before work, but he started coming home for dinner in the evenings. He was surprised to find he liked the time he spent with Kelly at night; liked talking to her and having someone at home to be with at the end of the day.
Mrs. Poole often sat down and ate with them, instead of leaving a plate warming in the oven for him as she had before Kelly arrived. Then, Mrs. Poole headed back to her room, and he and Kelly went into the den to watch a movie or TV together. After a movie, he would go into his office to work, and Kelly would read a book before heading up to her room. 
After a week of falling comfortably into their newfound life together, Kelly got up earlier than usual and entered the kitchen as he stood behind the center island, eating yogurt while he waited for his coffee to brew. He was still wearing his running shorts and T-shirt from his morning run, and he knew he was probably still sweaty and rumpled. 
Jack smiled at the unexpected sight of her. Morning, Kel. What are you doing up so early? 
She took an orange from the refrigerator and started to peel it, holding the garbage can open with one foot as she tossed the peels. When she was finished, she climbed onto one of the bar stools at the kitchen island. Im going job hunting today. I want to see if I can find something other than temp work before school starts.
Jacks smile turned to a frown. Kelly, I really will pay all of your expenses during law school. Ill even give you spending money. Youre going to be working hard enough at school as it is. You should relax for the summer and then focus on studying when you start school. Ill take care of everything else. 
He couldnt believe Kelly wanted to work when she was being handed a free ride. She really had no idea the magnitude of the favor she was doing him by giving up a year of her life to save his ass. And it wasnt the first time Jack realized she was nothing like the women he knew and dated in the past. Hell, they would have taken what he offered and started running up tabs for clothes, jewelry and trips to the spa. Instead, here she was getting up early to look for work. 
She shrugged noncommittally. I dont really want to take advantage, Jack. We had a deal for law school, but you dont need to do more than we bargained.
Kelly, he said and tried to figure out if she was for real. Youre doing me a huge favor with this deal. I dont mind making sure that you dont have to work while youre in school. I mean it. Let me do this for you. 
Jack knew how to read people and right now she looked as if she was scrambling for some way to change the subject. She glanced down at his leg at the small Celtic sun tattoo on his left calf. You have a tattoo? Kelly said with a distinct tone of surprise in her voice. 
Jack laughed as he let her switch topics, at least for the time being. Yup. A bunch of us got them together our senior year. Kind of stupid, but what did we know back then? 
He grinned almost sheepishly at her, and Kelly found that she was shocked by the real Jack Sutton once again. When they were in private, he was nothing like she had pictured before they got married. Sure, he was still sexy and hot, but there was also a very sweet side to the corporate CEO that she never expected.
What about you? Jack continued. Any hidden tattoos I should know about? I mean, in case someone quizzes me on all things Kelly. 
His grin faded, and his mouth fell open when she casually hopped down off her bar stool and tugged the edge of her sweatpants down to reveal a tiny daisy over her right hip bone. It was no more than the size of a quarter, and the strip of skin she was showing was only two inches wide, but Jack was suddenly very grateful that he was standing behind the island. He stepped in closer to hide the effect her little reveal was having on him, and managed to choke out some kind of response before she went outside to grab the newspaper. 
Jack watched Kelly leave the kitchen and realized he couldnt live with this woman for a year and treat her like a housemate. He wanted her, and he usually got what he wanted. And where Kelly was concerned, he decided to make damn sure he convinced her that their temporary marriage should include all the benefits of marriage while it lasted.
***
After she grabbed the newspaper from the driveway, Kelly went inside and climbed the stairs to her room. She was relieved she and Jack coexisted as housemates more than as husband and wife since she wasnt looking for anything further. She only wished she would stop fantasizing about the man every time she saw him  and, for that matter, when he wasnt around. She tried to ignore her physical reaction to him and figured it would go away eventually, but for now, the attraction was powerful and it wasnt easy to put aside.
When she had seen Jack in his running clothes in the kitchen, with his hair damp and sweaty from his morning run and those damp curls of hair edging their way to his collar, it was a lot more than she could handle. His T-shirt looked soft and comfortable as if it had been washed hundreds of times, and had well-worn, threadbare, see-through spots that gave a hint of the skin underneath it. It had still been slightly damp from his workout so it clung to his abs, showing off the cut of each muscle on his stomach. 
She felt like an idiot the second she pulled down the waistband of her sweats to show him her tattoo. He probably thought she was trying to throw herself at him in some lame attempt to flirt. 
Kelly wasnt an idiot. She knew Jack dated supermodels and had even dated a famous actress a few years earlier. Although she was confident about her looks and knew she was attractive, she wasnt that attractive. She saw herself as girl-next-door attractive  attractive in a sweet way, not in a hot, sexy, leggy-blonde-model sort of way, so Jack wouldnt be interested in her. Besides, she reminded herself again, she didnt want a relationship.
As she tried to forget the image of Jack and the way his shirt clung to his abs, Kelly opened the newspaper and began to scan the want ads for something to keep her busy over the summer. 

Chapter Thirteen
The following Monday, Jack sat in his office getting ready for a meeting when his Aunt Mabry showed up unannounced. His new temp secretary showed her in, and Jack forced a smile to his face as he greeted her. 
To what do I owe the pleasure, Aunt Mabry? There was a time when Jack would have said those words and meant them. He used to love his Aunt Mabry, but something changed her over recent years and he couldnt connect with her anymore. She had become obsessed with seeing her only son, Chad, as CEO of the company. He knew the intent was to hurt him, but he and Chad had agreed not to let her come between them. 
Jack, darling She breezed into the room. Ive decided to redo my kitchen and the downstairs floor of my townhouse. Chad has a friend staying with him right now, so I need to stay at your place for a few weeks until my kitchen is completed. 
He had to work to keep from rolling his eyes. He knew perfectly well what Aunt Mabry was doing. She wanted to spy on him and Kelly. There was no way shed be redoing her kitchen if she didnt want an excuse to stay with him. And she would normally stay at the Omni downtown or at a spa by the water instead of with him. She had never stayed at his house before, not for a day in his life, even when his mother was alive. 
She was spying. He was sure of it. His mind filtered through the excuses he could give her, but when he quickly weighed all of the factors, he decided it was best to let her move in for a bit to get her off their backs. Besides, if his aunt were around, theyd have to pretend to be husband and wife a lot more often, and he liked pretending where Kelly was concerned. 
With unexpected enthusiasm, Jack smiled. Sure thing, Aunt Mabry. Youre welcome anytime. When do you need to move in?
Right now, she said with a Cheshire cat grin. Ill head over there right now. 
With that announcement, she walked out of the office as breezily as she had waltzed in. Jack stared after her for a minute when suddenly it dawned on him. Kelly and he didnt share a room. Oh, hell. His aunt wouldnt buy the happily-ever-after marriage if she found out they had separate rooms. He grabbed the phone to try to catch Kelly or Mrs. Poole in time to warn them. 
***
Kelly whipped through the house and up the stairs, calling out as she ran. Mrs. Poole, come quickly! We have to move. We have to move. Kelly continued yelling as she ran into her room and grabbed drawers full of clothes and piled hangers with slacks and dresses on them. 
Mrs. Poole came up the stairs with a puzzled look on her face. What on earth are you hollering about, Kelly? she said as she tried to enter the room. She had to jump out of the way as Kelly made a mad dash to the master bedroom. 
We have to move all of my stuff into Jacks room, Kelly said, out of breath from her packing and running. His Aunt Mabry is on her way here, and shes staying with us for a couple of weeks, Kelly blurted out as she ran back down the hall to gather more of her belongings. 
Oh Lord, Mrs. Poole rolled her eyes and followed after her. She quickly grabbed clothes and toiletries and rushed down the hall to Jacks room. They repeated the trip half a dozen more times as they transferred everything and set it into place. Mrs. Poole cleared out half of Jacks dresser and closet and made room for Kellys things, while Kelly folded and put her clothing away to make it appear as though the two had been living in holy matrimony since day one. 
Kelly put away the last of her things and took a deep breath. She turned to survey the masculine-looking room. There was a dark mahogany dresser and matching armoire against the deep green walls. Large windows looked out on the same beautiful waterfront view that her guest room windows had shared. She stopped suddenly and held her breath when her eyes landed on the king-sized bed in the center. Until that moment, it hadnt occurred to her that she and Jack would now have to share a bed. Kellys smile fell away as she realized that keeping her attraction hidden from her husband just became a lot more difficult.
Chapter Fourteen
Kelly stood with Mrs. Poole and Aunt Mabry in the kitchen when Jack came in from work that evening. Kelly had poured a glass of wine for herself and Aunt Mabry and turned to ask Mrs. Poole if she wanted one. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw Aunt Mabrys eyebrows shoot up but chose to ignore the look. Apparently, in her world, Mrs. Poole was paid help, and one didnt ask the help if they want a glass of wine. Wait until she sees Mrs. Poole sit down to dinner with us. Kelly smiled. 
Jack walked into the room and said hello to Mrs. Poole and planted a peck on Aunt Mabrys cheek before turning to take Kelly into his arms. Hello, beautiful, he said before he ducked his head to kiss her. It was a warm, gentle kiss, but she could feel the arousal bubbling just under the surface, and knew that if either one of them moved to deepen the kiss, the passion would rise to the surface quickly. Damn, Im going to make a fool of myself if he keeps kissing me like this!
As Mrs. Poole set dinner out on the table in the dining room, Jack asked his aunt how she was settling in and made small talk about things at the office. But Kellys attention was only half on the conversation. Her mind and her eyes kept wandering to Jack and the strong cut of his jaw, the short growth of stubble that had grown over the course of the day. She didnt think she would ever get tired of watching him. 
Kelly raised her fingers to touch her lips where his lips had been a moment before, and marveled that she could still feel them burning in response to his touch. When Jack was near, her whole body seemed to vibrate as if pulled by some invisible force.
Drawn out of her thoughts as they sat down to eat, Kelly saw the raised eyebrow on Aunt Mabrys face when Mrs. Poole joined them. She didnt care. She wasnt used to being waited on and she enjoyed Mrs. Pooles company, so she planned to make sure Aunt Mabry didnt have a chance to change the way things happened around the house. She turned to Mrs. Poole and included her in the conversation. The two were chatting about new recipes to try when Aunt Mabry cut in.
I was thinking that we should host a party to celebrate your marriage. The reception you never got to have. Something out on the lawn by the water would be lovely. A summer cocktail party, perhaps?
Thats a great idea, Jack said, surprising Kelly. How about three weeks from now? Is that enough time to plan things, Mrs. Poole? 
Jack didnt know why Aunt Mabry made the suggestion or what she had up her sleeve, but he figured that the more they went along with Aunt Mabry, the faster theyd convince her to back off and leave them alone.
Sure, Mrs. Poole said. Well need to get invitations out ASAP, but if Kelly can work on that, I can coordinate with caterers and take care of renting tents and lighting. An early evening party would be lovely, with tents and lights all over the lawn as the evening comes on. Kelly and I can do a tasting with the caterers this week and decide on a menu. Mrs. Poole quickly rattled off details while Jack turned to Kelly.
This will give you an excuse to go shopping and buy yourself some new things. Youll need a cocktail dress. You have my card? He turned to his aunt and continued.
Aunt Mabry, maybe you can take Kelly into New York this week and help her find a dress? He wasnt really sure why he pushed for Kelly to go shopping with his aunt. He knew she wouldnt use his credit card on her own, and he was beginning to like buying her things and seeing a smile on her face. With his aunt watching, he knew Kelly wouldnt have any choice but to use his card and buy herself something nice. 
***
After dinner, Aunt Mabry, Kelly, and Jack decided to watch a movie. Jack pulled Kelly down next to him and wrapped his arms around her waist snuggling her into him. She tensed for a moment, but as the movie began, he felt her relax and she eventually even rested her head back on his shoulders.
He was struck by the irony of his fake life with Kelly. No woman had ever come close to inspiring the kind of feelings in Jack that his father and mother had shared. With Kelly, he found he really liked his fake life with her and wanted more of it. It was just his luck that the first time he was feeling anything more than base sexual attraction was with a woman he was paying to be his temporary wife. 
 Jack had known it would feel good to have her in his arms, but he had no idea how good. He was actually glad to have his aunt in the house; to have an excuse to wrap himself around Kelly, to kiss her and touch her as he would if she were really his wife. The smell of her shampoo was enticing; a mixture of jasmine and something else he couldnt identify. It made him think of summer nights, and he found himself wanting to bury his head in the scent of her and nuzzle her neck. With her curvy figure fitting perfectly against him, he had difficulty focusing on the movie. Instead, Jacks mind was assaulted with images of her in his bed, entwined in his arms, under him, over him, looking down from on top of him with her beautiful curly waves of hair framing her face above him. He felt as if he were under attack, and he seemed to be defenseless against this woman.
Jack could feel Kellys breathing speed up, and knew she was feeling the same things he was. He stifled a laugh when she hopped off the couch half an hour into the movie and yawned. 
Im more tired than I thought I was. I think Ill head up to bed early. Good night, Aunt Mabry. Good night, Jack, she said as she all but ran from the room.
Good night, sweetheart, Jack barely managed to get out before she was gone. 
***
Kelly sprinted up the stairs and tried to clear her head of the images of her and Jack together, wrapped around each other on the couch, but when she slid in between the sheets after getting ready for bed, she groaned. She had forgotten she would be getting into Jacks bed, and she was once again surrounded by his scent. 
As she had sank into Jacks arms while they watched the movie, she fought to remind herself that this wasnt real; that he was only putting on a show for his aunt. The hard part was dealing with how incredibly aroused she was as she leaned against Jacks hard chest. She smelled his aftershave, a slightly spicy but clean smell that wasnt overpowering. Her brain began to feel like scrambled eggs when he absentmindedly rubbed his thumb in small circles on her arm. She began to wonder what his hands would feel like on the rest of her body  what those small circles would do if applied to the right place. Kelly had a feeling Jack would know just where to touch her, just how to touch her, to make her melt. If she didnt do something about this soon, shed be crawling all over him. 
She had fought to focus on the movie and ignore his scent, his presence, the hard feel of his strong body underneath her. But no matter how much she tried, she couldnt stop the flood of arousal between her legs, the tingling need in her breasts as she ached to feel his hands on her without her clothes on, and without someone else in the room. In the end, Kelly had to flee the room or risk letting him know what a fool she was, how attracted to him she was. She didnt want Jack to know that she didnt have it in her to fake it around his aunt, or that she was falling for real and didnt know how much longer she could control herself.
Chapter Fifteen
The morning after her first night in Jacks bed, Kelly woke to find he had already left the room. She had heard him come in the night before and held her breath as she listened to him get ready for bed. She feigned sleep as he brushed his teeth and slipped out of his clothes. When he slipped between the sheets in nothing but boxer shorts, she thought she would burst, but she focused on keeping her breath steady so she wouldnt have to face Jack.
With a sigh, Kelly slipped from the bed, showered and dressed, and headed downstairs for breakfast. She found Jack, Aunt Mabry, and Mrs. Poole in the kitchen.
Good morning, dear, Mrs. Poole called out cheerfully, making Kelly smile. Jack and Aunt Mabry looked up, and she wished for a moment that the smile that came to Jacks face as he looked at her was genuine and not for Aunt Mabrys sake.
Good morning, sweetheart, he said as Kelly joined them at the breakfast nook with her coffee. 
Morning, she smiled shyly at Jack across the table. She smiled and nodded at Mrs. Poole as she put a plate of eggs and toast in front of Kelly. 
Kellys eyes dropped to the stack of newspapers Jack read every morning. There was one from their local area, two from New York, and several European papers. One of the New York newspapers sat on the table with the words No Ransom Calls, Families Hopeless above a string of photos showing five smiling and seemingly carefree women. She pulled the paper closer to read the article.
I thought we might have lunch today, Jack said to Kelly across the table. She continued to eat her breakfast and didnt look up from the paper. 
Kelly? Jack asked, a laugh in his voice and a smile on his face. 
Hmm? Oh, me? Kelly said looking up. 
Jack laughed openly at that. Aunt Mabry listened to their exchange with a smug look on her face. Yes, you, my beautiful wife. I thought we might go to Le Petite Morceau for lunch today. They have a new chef whos supposed to be amazing. Unless you have plans? 
Uh, no. I mean, no plans. Id love to go to lunch, she said as she eyed Aunt Mabry nervously, knowing that Mabry was tracking every word, every interaction. 
Great, Jack smiled. I have a conference call this morning, but Ill do that from home. We can go around one oclock?
Perfect. Ill see you then, she said, but she felt like an idiot. Ill see you then? Who the hell says that when their husband asks them to lunch? I sound like an idiot. 
***
Mabry knew perfectly well as she watched Jack and Kelly that the two of them were no more married than she was, and she certainly wasnt married the last time she checked. As soon as they finished breakfast, Mabry hatched a plan. She didnt know what Kelly was getting out of this marriage  she assumed it was money  but she believed she could drive a wedge between them. 
If she could put a big enough wedge there, maybe she could offer to pay Kelly sufficient money to admit the marriage was fake. Once the marriage was exposed for what it was, Mabry would go to the board and show them their CEO was a fraud and a liar. And then, the company would be hers.
She went upstairs to start splitting the happy couple up. It wouldnt be hard with all of Jacks exes out there. After all, the man was hardly the settling down type. Anyone who read the tabloids knew that he had a different woman on his arm every weekend. 
Mabry picked up the phone and dialed Caroline Harridan. Caroline had dated Jack for a month the previous year, and Mabry knew she had done all she could to sink her claws into him. She wanted to marry Jack Sutton in the worst way, and Mabry had witnessed her throw herself at Jack repeatedly at public events since he had broken up with her. 
Caroline? Hello, darling. Its Mabry Thompson, she said into the phone when Caroline answered. 
Mabry? Hello! How are you? I havent heard from you in ages, she gushed on the other end of the phone. Mabry rolled her eyes. Caroline fell all over herself whenever she talked to her, but Mabry knew it was an attempt to get information or back in Jacks good graces.
Yes, dear. Well, you know. Been busy and all that, Mabry said dismissively. I cant talk long because I have to meet Jack for lunch over at La Petite Morceau at one oclock, and I have a million things to do before then. I thought Id call and see how you are. Its been so long. Mabry knew if she dropped the name of the restaurant and the time Jack would be there, she could count on Caroline to just happen to be there as well. Mabry could sit back and let Caroline do the work for her. 
Im fine, thank you. Oh! Caroline practically squealed into her ear. La Petite Morceau? Ive been dying to try that place. I hear the new menu is to die for. 
Mabry couldnt take Carolines inane chattering or the sound of the womans voice any longer. The seed was planted, and that was all that was needed. 
Caroline, I have to run. Ive got to get to my hair appointment before lunch. It was lovely to talk with you again. She couldnt get off the phone fast enough but if Caroline noticed, she didnt seem to mind. Mabry knew she was probably already in her closet picking out what to wear when she casually ran into Jack at the restaurant. 
Chapter Sixteen
Kelly and Jack sat at a corner table at La Petite Morceau a few hours later. Kelly looked around and felt out of place in such a fancy restaurant. She wasnt used to having lunch at a restaurant that had floor-length tablecloths and wait staff that wore ankle-long formal aprons. Sure, she had been to that type of place for dinner on occasion, but not for lunch on a random Saturday when there was no special occasion to be celebrated. 
She looked at Jack. He seemed totally at ease and comfortablebut then again, Jack always looked totally at ease and comfortable no matter where he was. The only time shed ever seen him looking the slightest bit uneasy was when she had walked into his office and pretended to be his fiance in front of his aunt and cousin  but even then, he had covered his surprise easily and recovered quickly. 
Kelly would love to be that confident and in control all of the time. With Jack around, she didnt feel confident or in control at all. She felt as if her body was constantly humming when she was around him. One look from him, or a casual touch, and she was embarrassingly aroused. When he took the contact further and kissed her, she felt as if he could see into her and he would know her secret  that she wanted him more than she had ever wanted any man.  
Jack carried the conversation, chatting about the new menu and a fundraiser he had attended at the restaurant when the old chef was there, and what they should do the rest of the weekend. They ordered their meals, and just as they handed their menus over to the waiter, Kelly heard a sexy, sultry voice from across the room. 
My, my! Jack Sutton. Is that you, sweetheart? said the voice at an embarrassingly loud volume. I havent seen you in ages, darling, Kelly heard as she watched a tall, blond goddess approach the table. The woman was stunning, with exotic green eyes and her pale hair pulled in an elegant French twist. She wore a beautiful black pantsuit and looked as if she had stepped out of a fashion magazine. 
She did a double take. The woman had stepped out of the pages of a fashion magazine. It was Caroline Harridan, the fashion model. The woman graced the pages of Vogue and Elle magazines on a regular basis. 
Kelly looked at Jack as the stunning model approached their table and saw a pained look on his face. Caroline completely ignored her as she swooped in on Jack and planted an extremely friendly kiss on his lips. Kelly felt as though she were completely invisible and almost wished she was. They clearly had a relationship that was more than just friendly, and she knew she couldnt hold a candle to this woman as she sat there in her dowdy strappy sundress and sandals.
Kelly cleared her throat and peered around the woman to Jack.
Oh! Caroline, you havent met my wife, Kelly, yet have you? Kelly, this is Caroline Harridan. An old, uh, friend of mine. He stood and came around to Kellys seat as he made the introductions, so Kelly stood with him and took the other womans hand in a brief handshake. Jack looked as if the last thing he wanted to be doing was introducing Kelly as his wife, and once again she felt a pang of guilt at having put him in this position. Even though he said she was saving him from losing his company, she still felt as if she had weaseled her way into the marriage, and she knew she was nothing like the woman he would likely have married if he had been given a choice. 
Nonetheless, Kelly drew up her pride and smiled her brightest smile. Its a pleasure to meet you.
Caroline raised an eyebrow at Jack. God, Kelly had always wished she could master the one eyebrow look, but she couldnt quite get it. On Caroline, it looked confident, cocky, and oh so silky smooth. Married? Caroline asked Jack as she drew her hand away from Kelly as if afraid she might be sullied by the contact. 
Jack nodded and slipped his arm around Kelly. Yes, married. Kelly and I were married a week ago. We havent quite gotten around to sending an announcement out about the wedding. We eloped. He smiled down at Kelly as he said it in a very good impression of a man deeply in love with his wife.
Caroline pouted her best model pout. Jack Sutton off the market? Whatever will all of us single gals do now? She put on a show as if she were thinking and then shrugged her shoulders and continued in a flirty voice.
Well, maybe it wont last. Caroline reached out and pretended to brush an imaginary piece of lint off of Jacks shirt in a blatant excuse to touch his chest. You always know where to find me if things dont work out. Kelly had now seen Jack uncomfortable twice since shed known him, but Caroline ignored his discomfort and Kellys shocked look.
She couldnt believe what she was hearing. Hell, the marriage might be fake and she might not be able to compete with Jacks exes, including the blond goddess standing in front of her, but shed be damned if she were going to sit by and let this woman hit on her fake husband right in front of her. A woman has her pride, after all. 
Kelly possessively caressed Jacks chest in the very spot where Carolines hand had just sat, and smiled. Im sure Jack wont be needing your. She paused and looked the other woman up and down as if she found her wanting in all manner before continuing, Youruh, company in the near future, Caroline. But it was a pleasure to meet you. Good-bye. And with that, she dismissed Caroline Harridan, supermodel and cover girl.
Jack laughed and pulled Kelly tighter to him. In a huff, Caroline turned and stalked away from the table. As soon as they took their seats again, Kelly felt the heat climbing her cheeks. 
Im so sorry, she whispered across the table to Jack.
What for? he whispered back, smiling. 
Im sorry. You probably wanted to see her again after this is over, and I think I must have ruined your chances for that. I just thought Well, I couldnt. I mean, she was just so rude, I just. She blew out a puff of air, blowing her bangs up in a small gust. Im sorry, I didnt think.
Kelly, first of all, Im married to you for the next year. Jack spoke quietly so no one would overhear their conversation. I wont embarrass you or treat you with disrespect during that time. While were together, were together, and I wont be with another woman, even if you and I arent exactly together in the traditional sense.
He continued as she stared at him with wide eyes. But second, that woman drives me up the wall. We dated briefly. We went out a handful of times over the period of a month or so and she has stalked me ever since. Lord knows how she knew we were here today, but you can bet it wasnt a coincidence. She shows up at events and fundraisers and throws herself at me because shes determined to marry a wealthy man, and she couldnt care less that we had nothing in common and no spark whatsoever between us. You can chase her away any time youd like, Jack finished with a smile and a wink at Kelly. 
Hmm, she said, frowning. 
Jack laughed. What now?
You didnt have a spark with that? she asked, looking toward the door Caroline had walked out of moments before. How could you not sizzle with that?
He looked at the door and back to Kelly and shrugged. Just didnt. Shes pretty vacant. A big old empty package with a huge bow, but not a damn thing inside the box. 
Chapter Seventeen
The following Monday, Kelly went shopping at the mall and then drove to New Haven to meet Jennie for lunch. She pulled her car into a space in the parking garage and glanced in the rearview mirror before opening her car door to get out. Kelly had a strange feeling that the car pulling past as she got out of her car was the same one behind her earlier that day at the mall. She watched nervously as the car continued by and figured that she must be imagining things. 
She walked through the parking garage and took the elevator down to the street level. She stepped out onto the street and went two doors along to the caf where Jennie was waiting. It had been a couple of weeks since shed seen her friend, and they definitely needed to make up for lost time. She needed to fill in Jennie on her married life with Jack, and she wanted to know how her friends new job was going. 
Kelly spotted Jennie at a table and pointed to the counter to signal that shed grab a coffee and order lunch then join her. She ordered a turkey and avocado sandwich, picked up her iced coffee, and made her way over to the table. 
Jennies eyes immediately went to her left hand and the rather large diamond that sat alongside her wedding band. He bought you an engagement ring? she whispered in surprise as Kelly sat down.
I know, she said and squirmed under Jennies scrutiny. I felt a little weird about it, but it was sweet, dont you think?
Very, said Jennie and she took Kellys hand and examined the setting. Tell me all about married life. 
Kelly lowered her voice, not wanting anyone to hear the strange conversation they were about to have, given the state of her rather unconventional marriage. Hes actually really sweet. I mean, who would think that Jack Sutton would be so sweet, right? We have dinner together almost every night. He asks about my day. We watch movies or TV after dinner. Its really nice, right?
They paused while their sandwiches were delivered to the table. 
Jennie watched Kelly for a minute as if reading the emotions on her friends face. Her eyes were big and round, and she leaned in to whisper at Kelly. Uh oh. Youre falling for him a little, arent you? You have a crush on your husband!
Ugh, Kelly said and rolled her eyes. Yes, I am most definitely falling for him. His aunt moved into the house with us last Monday. She pretended its because shes having work done on her townhouse, but were pretty sure shes trying to prove the marriage is fake. That, of course, means that we needed to start sharing a roomand a bed. 
Oh boy, have you? asked Jennie as her eyes went even wider. 
No! She shushed Jennie and looked around to be sure no one was listening. No, Ive been going to bed ridiculously early and pretending to be asleep when Jack comes in, she confessed with a grimace.
Oh, God, you are not! Jennie covered her mouth with her hand but couldnt cover the laughter. Kelly nodded and felt the now-familiar red heat creep into her cheeks.
When she recovered, Jennie pursed her lips and thought for a moment. Well, you could go with it and have hot, wild monkey sex for a year with one of the hottest men on the continent. 
Kelly laughed at her characterization of the situation but then dropped her smile. No way. I couldnt do that. The guy dates supermodels and actresses with gorgeous, stick-thin bodies. Id feel so stupid.
Jennies normally fun demeanor was gone, and she put her coffee back down on the table and leaned toward Kelly. Hey, youre gorgeous and you know it. He probably wants you already.  
She gave a little shake of her head and smiled at her friend. Uh uh. He just kisses me to keep up appearances. Im no idiot, Jennie. I mean, dont get me wrong. You know Ive always liked the way I look. I know Im good-looking and my bodys not bad. I know that. But lets face it  Jack Sutton is in a totally different universe in the looks department. He could easily be a model himself, and he dates models who wear a size two not ten. 
Dont knock the ten. Wasnt Marilyn Monroe a size ten or twelve? Something like that, Jennie grinned. 
Kelly shook her head at her friend. She picked at her chips and then pushed her plate to the side and changed the subject. No matter how attractive he was, and how much they shared space, she was not going to throw herself at Jack; whether she was married to the man or not.
Tell me about your new job. What do they have you doing now? Kelly quickly changed the subject away from herself. 
Jennie brightened and launched into the topic wholeheartedly. Its great, actually. Whenever Sutton Capital is looking at investing in a company, they send someone from our office to do an audit. Ill go in from now on with whoever we send and serve as their secretary for the time theyre there. Then, I just work my magic. Sometimes its a matter of people thinking Im so innocent they forget not to talk in front of me. Or, I play up the ditz factor, and they just think nothing they tell me will matter. Other times, people end up opening up to me because they feel guilty about something theyre not disclosing, so they want an outlet and they think it wont matter to tell me. So, even though they know I work for Sutton, they often seem to just open up and tell me stuff. Like, if theres any weakness in their company, or if theyre hiding anything about their finances, or a problem with a patent, it has a way of coming out. 
Really? Kelly asked. They just tell you stuff even though they know it might hurt their chances of getting financing?
Yup. Its weird. Sometimes its another secretary or support person and they want to gossip, but other times its even the higher-ups that blurt stuff out. Chad says a lot of times, people are just looking to spill their guts, and theyll do it if you give them a chance. Its nice because I thought Id have to lie to people and I was worried I would feel dishonest, but I dont even have to lie. Ive only been on three assignments so far, but people just told me what we needed to know within days. Jennie seemed really happy with her new role.
Kelly grinned at her thinking back to Jennies introduction of her and Jack. Its not as if youre above a little spying now and again though, huh? 
Since Jennie couldnt deny it, all she could do was laugh and Kelly joined her, feeling better by the time they finished lunch. 
***
Kelly walked out the front of the restaurant with Jennie after lunch. 
I never thought Id say this, but good luck avoiding sex with your hot-as-hell husband, Jennie said with a smile. 
Kelly laughed. All right, Ill see you next week for lunch?
As she dug in her purse for her car keys, she looked down the street past Jennieand froze. Kelly was absolutely sure that the car she had seen in the parking garage was now parked halfway down the block with a man sitting in it. He pulled out and turned at the corner, moving away from them, but she was positive this time it was the same car and the same man. 
Hey, Jennie, she said as she watched the car move away from them. I think Ill walk up to Jacks office with you and stop in and say hi to him.
***
Jacks new temp secretary had apparently been told who Kelly was because she sent her right into Jacks office. He smiled as she walked in, and she thought of the other time she had been in his office and smiled back.
Hi, sweetheart, he said as he wrapped his arms around her and kissed her. Kelly kicked herself for melting in his arms, and briefly took note of the fact that this time hed kissed her when there wasnt an audience that made it a necessity. She chalked it up to habit or as an unnecessary precaution on Jacks part and jumped into the reason for her visit.
Um, Jack, I feel a little weird saying this, but I would swear someone was following me today, she said, biting her lip. Now that she was here, she felt a little silly telling him. 
He apparently didnt think she was silly. He took Kelly by the shoulders and leaned down to look her directly in the eyes. Tell me what you saw. Tell me everything you can remember, he said. 
Kelly told him about the car and the man driving it. It wasnt creepy like in a stalker, scary-guy kind of way. It was more like he was a private detective or professional kind of guy. Oh wait, do you think your aunt is having me followed? Maybe she thinks shell get proof that the marriage isnt real. She suddenly felt so much better now that she felt there was likely no real threat. 
Jack considered this. Thats definitely a possibility. I wouldnt put it past her. I still dont like it, though. Do you have any ex-boyfriends or anyone whos ever bothered you in the past? Anything that you can think of?
She shook her head and shrugged. No.
I dont know, he said slowly. Im in the public eye a lot, but Ive never had someone in my life that people know I care about. That might have made you a target for anyone who wanted to hurt me or wanted to get at my money. Im worried that maybe theres more to this now that word about our marriage is getting around. Ill have security put on you right away.
Now that she had thought of the connection to Jacks aunt, Kelly felt a lot better about things and really thought they should turn this to their advantage. No, no, no, Jack! Im sure its just your aunt. And, we can use this to our advantage. She isnt going to find anything. I mean, its not as if Im going to run out and sleep with some other guy or anything. Kelly thought she saw Jack freeze for a split second when she said that, and wondered if he thought she was going to blow their cover by doing something that could prove their marriage wasnt real. 
Let her have me followed. The faster she sees that there isnt anything to dig up, the faster shell back off and accept our marriage. Her enthusiasm for the idea increased the more she thought about turning the tables on Jacks Aunt Mabry.
***
As soon as Kelly said good-bye to Jack, promising to call him when she got back to the house, he got on the phone to Chad. He knew that if he put a bodyguard with Kelly 24/7, it would scare her. He filled Chad in on the guy following Kelly without mentioning the possibility that it was Chads mother who put the guy there. They talked about possible ways to protect Kelly, but Jack told Chad to keep her safe without scaring her too much. 
Chad sent him a panic button with GPS that hed have Kelly carry with her, and they settled on having one of Chads people watch her from a block away at all times so they could get to her if she hit her panic button. With this in place they could watch her, but she wouldnt be frightened by the precautions. Chad said he would also investigate the person tailing her and see what he could find out. 
Jack felt better as he hung up the phone, but his response to the thought of someone threatening Kelly surprised him. It was more than the protectiveness that he expected to feel for the woman who was helping him out. It was a gut deep feeling of possessiveness and fear. Not something Jack was used to at all. 
Chapter Eighteen
Jack got home from work that night and slipped the panic button into Kellys purse in the front hallway. Kelly had started volunteering at the New Haven Legal Aid Clinic, and that wasnt located in the best part of town. Between that and the guy following her, Jack felt better knowing shed have some way of getting help if needed. Hed have to remember to tell her it was there and show her how to use it, but he didnt want to mention it in front of Aunt Mabry. 
He walked into the kitchen and found Kelly and Mrs. Poole cooking dinner together. Kelly looked up and smiled at Jack. He thought she was gorgeous when she smiled at him like that, and he loved the sight of her in his kitchen. Hell, he loved coming home to find her anywhere in his house. The irony of having the strongest feelings hed ever had for a woman while in a fake marriage to her wasnt lost on Jack. He had spent years looking for the type of connection his mom and dad had shared, and now, when he finally gave up and entered a fake marriage, he found himself looking smack at the woman he knew could have given him just what he had been looking for. 
Mrs. Poole is teaching me how to make her homemade manicotti, Kelly said as she carefully placed a ricotta-filled noodle in a pan. 
I see, Jack said with a smile as he walked over and kissed her on the cheek. She spooned the filling into the next noodle and began to roll it up. Maybe we can take a pan of it to your moms house this weekend.
Kelly looked surprised that he was planning to go back to her parents house with her this weekend, but before she could say anything, Aunt Mabry walked into the kitchen.
Oh, hello, Jack. Im surprised to see you home so early in the evening, she said in her syrupy sweet voice that generally only came out when she was about to make a dig at someone. I wouldve thought the CEO of a large company needs to work longer hours. 
Biting back a sigh, Jack smiled at her. Oh, Ill work a bit at home tonight, but I like to try to find a balance between work and home. Thats how Dad always did it with Mom and me, and thats how Ill be with my family. He gave Kelly another squeeze around the waist as he said this, and she laughed and pushed him back spilling some of the ricotta filling over the edge of the noodle.
Jack saw a flicker of anger in Aunt Mabrys eyes, and he realized she probably hadnt seen much of his Uncle Dan in the evenings. Dan had worked a lot and was less of a family man than Jacks dad had been. 
Speaking of work, how long until dinner? I might as well go get some things done now, he said, turning to Kelly and Mrs. Poole. 
It was Mrs. Poole who answered. About an hour, dear, she said in her mothering tone that earned a hard look from Aunt Mabry.
Call me when its ready? Jack grabbed an apple from the fruit basket on the counter and tossed it in the air as he walked out of the kitchen toward his home office. 
***
After dinner, Jack suggested they sit out on the patio to watch the stars. Mrs. Poole went into the kitchen to clean up while Aunt Mabry, Jack, and Kelly went outside with a bottle of wine and three glasses. 
Aunt Mabry and Jack sat down in Adirondack chairs on the patio while Kelly poured the wine and lit the three squat candles sitting on a low glass table between the chairs. Jack took his glass from Kelly, looped an arm around her waist and pulled her down onto his lap.
He felt her tense briefly, but then she relaxed into him and he grinned. He knew he was getting to her as much as she was getting to him. Jack worried for a minute that it might be cruel to tease her as much as he did, but he quickly dismissed the thought. It was fun and he loved making her blush and squirm. Reluctance from a woman wasnt something he was used to, but damn, it was like an aphrodisiac.
Jack kept his arms around Kellys waist and his hands rested on her tummy, but as they drank their wine and made idle conversation with his aunt, he found one hand moving just high enough on her stomach to let him brush his thumb back and forth on the lower curve of her incredible, full breast. He meant to do it to torment Kelly, but it backfired on him as he found himself burning with heat for her. 
Jack took his other hand and brushed the hair back from her neck, pushing it to one side as he leaned over her shoulder to speak so that his words caused his breath to brush against her soft skin. He barely got a word out when Kelly sprang from his lap.
I, uh, Im going to go for a run. Forgot to do my workout today, she said, pulling the excuse out of thin air. In fact, Jack was fairly sure she hadnt gone for a run the whole time shed lived there so far. 
Ill, um, Ill see you guys later, she said as he grinned at her and stifled a laugh. 
Aunt Mabry shook her head as she watched Kelly walk away. 
Shes an odd one, Jack, Mabry said.
Jack grinned. One of a kind Aunt Mabry. One of a kind.
Chapter Nineteen
Jack waited in his home office, keeping busy as he looked at projections and company profiles until her heard Kelly come in from her run and start the shower. He climbed the stairs and headed into their bedroom. He opened the French doors that led to the balcony and leaned on the railing while he waited for her to finish. This was going to be fun, he thought. 
He heard the shower turn off and turned to wait for her to open the door, but if he thought he was prepared for what he saw, he was dead wrong. Kelly stepped out moments later with her hair hanging wet over her shoulders, wearing nothing more than a towel wrapped around her. Shed tucked an end into the dip between her breasts to hold it up. He was actually stunned silent for a minute and stared as she crossed the room to the walk-in closet. He had known Kelly was gorgeous, and he had felt some of her body, but seeing her like this was so much more than he imagined. He felt a jolt straight down to his groin and swallowed as he watched her.
Her skin was creamy and looked so soft he was dying to nibble every inch of it. Her breasts were full and begged for his hands to hold them, his tongue to explore them. The towel fell just past her luscious hips that curved and cried out to be held, explored, entered. Her legs were smooth and bare and still had small droplets of water on them that shimmered against her skin. Jack could picture himself covering those legs from her ankles to thigh with slow, lazy kisses. 
Kelly turned and saw Jack watching her from the balcony, and her small scream jolted Jack back to his senses. A slow smile spread across his face, but his eyes burned hot and intense as he watched her. Kelly pulled the towel tighter around her curves as he walked slowly over to join her in the room. 
Why are you avoiding me in the evenings, Kelly? he asked her softly.
***
Kelly felt as if Jacks low, gravelly voice were washing over her, caressing her. Her body tingled in anticipation. 
I-I. She stumbled over her words and couldnt come up with more to say as he slowly stalked her. He moved in on her, and she had to back up toward the wall to keep some distance between them. When she couldnt go any further, Jack leaned down and kissed the curve between her neck and her shoulder, lingering as his breath tickled and teased her. 
Youre avoiding me, Kelly. Jack pressed hot kisses down her shoulder. What I cant figure out is why you would do that because I know youre as attracted to me as I am to you. Now he looked her right in the eye as she shook her head, causing him to grin in response. 
Kelly, its my job to know when people are bluffing, he said as he ran the tips of his fingers lightly over her arms, down to her wrists and back up again. 
Youre bluffing, Kel. Youre attracted to me. I feel it when I kiss you, when you press your body against mine, when your breath catches as I whisper in your ear. 
Kellys head swam, and she could barely think straight as Jack attacked all of her senses. No, Im not. I mean, Im. Frustrated, she felt the color creep up her cheeks as she tried to explain why she had avoided this very scene. 
Jack, Im not like the women youve been with. I dont sleep around. Im not a supermodel. Im just normal. Completely normal with a normal body and normal breasts, and I wear normal size clothes not Barbie Doll sizes like youre used to. Once Kelly got started, she blurted it all out. I cant compete with what youre used to. I dont want to compete with them.
Jack stopped his seductive teasing and stood up, stunned. Now he leveled a serious look at her, and he could see she really meant what shed said. She wasnt fishing for compliments or playing games like a lot of the women he had dated. 
Youre completely serious, arent you? You dont think Im attracted to you. He didnt back off an inch. He kept her pressed against the wall. 
Its okay, Jack. I mean, I didnt expect you to be when we started this, and Im okay with that. Kelly continued to babble on as he watched her in disbelief. Finally, Jack made up his mind and shook his head. 
Then, Ill have to convince you. He dipped a finger into the vee of Kellys towel at her breasts and tugged her gently toward him as he captured her mouth with his once again. When he broke from her lips, leaving her breathless, he looked her in the eyes again. 
Im extremely attracted to you, Kelly. I love your body. I love the curves of it, the size of it, your softness, your full breasts  everything about it. All you have to do is enter the room and Im ready for you. And soon, Im going to convince you of that and get you into bed in the true sense instead of just sleeping next to me. As Jack spoke, he peppered her neck, shoulders, mouth, and jawline with searing kisses that had Kellys legs shaking and her body melting for him. 
And when I take you to bed, Kelly, youll be confident that Im truly interested in being there with you  and nobody else. That I want to be there with you. With one last deep kiss, Jack released her. 
Good night, sweetheart, he said, and he smiled at her dazed expression as he slipped from the room.
Chapter Twenty
After another frustrating night of lying next to Kelly in his bed, highly aroused but unable to reach for her, Jack began his mission to show her how beautiful he thought she was. Hed woo his wife into their marriage bed in the true sense of the word, if thats what he needed to do. After showing Kelly how to use her panic button, Jack left for work, but he stopped by a florist on the way to the office. Since she didnt believe he found her beautiful, he would show her how much he appreciated everything he saw when he looked at her. 
That afternoon, Kelly received two dozen deep-red roses that were so incredibly beautiful they took her breath away. The card read: Like your lips  lush and full and sensual. Have a wonderful day, beautiful. 
Mrs. Poole and Aunt Mabry read the card over her shoulder. Mrs. Poole sighed at the romance of the gesture; Aunt Mabry huffed and walked away.
The following day, Kelly came home to find a large bouquet of blush roses laced with babys breath. Mrs. Poole and Aunt Mabry waited for her in the front hall to read the card. The color of your cheeks when I make you blush only makes me want to do it more.
Mrs. Poole sighed and Aunt Mabry harrumphed and walked away again. Kelly blushed.
The next day, she couldnt help but hurry home from the clinic to see if more flowers had arrived. She wasnt disappointed. A dozen bright orange gerbera daisies sat in the front hall.
Oh! I love gerbera daisies, she exclaimed. They always make me smile. She opened the card and laughed at the message: This is what your smile does for me. It feels like sunshine and happiness and coming home after a long time away. 
The next day she came home to a stunning orchid with the most unique white and purple blooms on a tall stem. It wasnt like any orchid she had seen before and the card read: A bloom that is rare and stunning with taunting curves that demand to be explored, just like you. 
Friday was a vase of blue and yellow irises with a card that read: I tried to find a flower that was as beautiful as the stunning blue of your eyes, but there wasnt anything that came close to their beauty. 
Mrs. Poole had to dry a tear, and Kelly thought she even heard a small sigh escape from Aunt Mabrys lips before she pressed them tightly closed and walked away. 
Later that day, cream-colored roses arrived with a note that read: Dinner tonight? Ill pick you up at six oclock. 
***
Jack knew the sentiments and the notes were cheesy, each and every one of them, but he also knew Kelly would eat it up, and he smiled when he imagined her reaction to them. And every night when he came home, she blushed and thanked him before he pulled her to him for a kiss. 
Making Kelly blush was one of his favorite things, and he fully planned to make her blush in their bed soon, too.
 
Chapter Twenty-one
Jack and Kelly pulled up to the valet at a wine bar in downtown New Haven. Phase two of Project Kelly was a night out with an intimate dinner followed by a show at the Yale Repertory Theater. Jack thought she would like the small restaurant and the unassuming theater instead of the big flashy events they sometimes had to attend for his business. He wanted her to relax with him and feel comfortable so he could spend the night showing her how much he wanted her, how much she did for him by being there when he came home each night. 
Jack watched as Kelly walked into the restaurant. There was nothing assuming or arrogant about her. Everywhere she went, eyes were on her, yet she seemed totally oblivious. She didnt preen or even try to draw more attention to herself. There wasnt anything conceited about her and that made her all the more appealing.
Jack was far from oblivious to the attention being paid to Kelly as she walked past other patrons. He wanted to rip the eyes out of every man there and save her all for himself. He pushed down that urge and satisfied himself with a few warning looks at the worst of the oglers, and placed a possessive hand at the small of her back as they followed the maitre d to their table. 
***
The light contact of Jacks hand on her back sent tingles down her spine all the way to her toes. After Jacks announcement that he planned to show her how attracted he was to her, Kelly had been unable to stop thinking about the hungry way he had looked at her, the way he looked at her as if he were stalking his next meal. Maybe it should have made her feel like a piece of meat, but it didnt. It made her feel desirable, wanted in a way no other man had made her feel. She began to believe Jack when he said that he wanted her, was attracted to her. 
As they sat down at the table, Kelly felt Jacks eyes on her and realized he hadnt picked up his menu. He just stared at her. 
You look amazing tonight, he said, and she was glad she had swept up her hair and worn a spaghetti strap dress that showed off her shoulders. She imagined what it would feel like to have Jack kiss her neck, her shoulders, even outline the thin straps of her dress with his tongue as he worked his way down to her breasts, searing her skin with each hot touch.  
She blushed as her thoughts sent heat coursing through her body. Thank you, she said quietly. 
Jack gave her a puzzled look. You know something I like about you, Kelly? he asked her quietly, but didnt wait for an answer. You honestly dont seem to know how stunning you are or how much you affect me. Its really not an act with you. Jack shook his head.
Before she could get her voice back, the waiter was at the table and Jack turned to listen politely to the specials. Kelly tried to listen to the waiter, but all she could do was think about Jack and the effect his words had on her. 
Kelly realized the waiter was asking her if shed like a drink. Pulling herself out of her thoughts, she ordered a glass of Pinot Noir and opened her menu. When the waiter came back with their drinks a few minutes later, they each ordered the beef tenderloin  and crab cakes to split as an appetizer.
So, why law school? Jack asked Kelly while they waited for their food. 
When I was in high school, my best friends dad was indicted on money-laundering charges. He decided to take a plea deal because the prosecution said they had some other charges they could bring if he didnt agree to a deal, and he knew a trial would have been long and brutal on his family. He was innocent of the charges; we all knew it and believed in him, but he said he couldnt risk going to jail longer than if he agreed with the plea bargain. He wouldnt put his family through the ordeal of a trial or a longer sentence, she explained and sipped her wine. 
They both paused as the waiter put their appetizer down. 
What happened to him? Jack asked, offering Kelly a crab cake.
Well, when it came time to enter the plea bargain, Judge Thomas, the judge presiding over the case, said that he thought something wasnt right with the case. He spent the whole week listening to the taped evidence the prosecution had based their case on. He scoured the tapes and poured through eyewitness reports and evidence that supposedly showed our friends guilt. He didnt need to be that thorough, but he was. 
Based on what he discovered, he set aside all of the charges at the last minute instead of sentencing him to prison as the plea would have required. The judge said that there was no evidence to show any wrongdoing, and the evidence showed that the eyewitnesses were conspiring to frame him for the crimes because they had a personal vendetta against him and his family. It was this huge drama, and everyone was stunned when the judge announced it, but I remember sitting there and feeling in awe of this judge and the system and the way he stood up for this guy and made sure that the right thing happened.
I think I remember that from the papers, Jack said. I met Judge Thomas once at a fundraiser for a charity Im involved with. He was the keynote speaker. I remember every person I spoke with about him or saw him interact with had a lot of respect for him. 
What charities do you work with? Kelly seized on his charity work, happy to find out more about Jack. 
Well, right now, Im on the boards of two. One that provides funding for children who need major surgery, and dont have the insurance or means to pay for it. Thats the one I do the most work for because its still growing. Were trying to expand to be able to offer assistance to more children, and to be able to offer assistance for cosmetic surgeries as well as medical surgeries so that we can help children with deformities or with scarring, that type of thing. Ive been working to drum up funds from my investors.
Wow, said Kelly. That sounds like a great charity. Whats the other one?
She was surprised to see Jack look a little hesitant, as if he didnt want to admit what the other charity was. She seemed to be surprised more and more by him lately. 
Its a rescue organization for dogs. It focuses on rescuing mixed-breed dogs and re-homing them. Im not as involved in that one though. I havent had time lately for a dog of my own, so I wanted to do something for dogs. I guess I keep thinking things will slow down and Ill adopt a dog, but they never seem to. Slow down, I mean. Probably my fault, he said grinning. I tend to be a workaholic.
You arent too bad about work, Kelly said, looking at the empty appetizer plate. I mean, sure, you go in early, but youre home every evening by a decent hour.
Oh, thats new. Ive only started doing that since you moved in, Jack said. 
Kelly frowned. Oh, Jack, you dont need to change things for me. I never meant to keep you from your work.
He grinned at her over the table. I like it, Kelly. I like coming home at a normal hour and having time for dinner with you. I think its a good change. He didnt tell Kelly that it actually made him think of the life his mom and dad had together; that it made him want what his mom and dad had had  an enduring love as strong and as genuine as theirs. Kelly was making Jack want things he never thought he would, but hed consciously pushed those wants and needs down and focused on seducing her. He didnt want to address the feelings underlying his motivation for seductionyet. 
Oh, she said, the surprise on her face clear. Oh, she said more quietly to herself, and Jack laughed as she processed his confession.
After they enjoyed their meal and several glasses of wine, and split a dish of chocolate mousse, they decided to walk around the green before going over to the theater. Jack took Kellys hand in his, causing a flood of warmth through her body. 
She liked that he didnt seem to need to fill the silence as they walked. If they ran into a lull in the conversation, they could just leave it there, comfortable not to fill all the gaps with nonsense or babbling. They talked some more about Kellys plans for law school and her hope to work in appellate law after she graduated. Jack also updated her on some of the more interesting projects at work. They laughed at Aunt Mabrys blatant efforts to investigate their marriage, and Jack told her how Andrew nearly choked when Jack told him about Kellys big entrance the day they got engaged at his office. 
***
They stopped to look at a church that sat along the edge of the green. It was an old stone church with one whole wall filled with stained glass windows. There were five tall panels in striking blue and teal, with reds mixed throughout and a circle above the panels in matching colors. Even from the outside of the building it was breathtaking, and Jack wondered what it would look like from the inside with the sun streaming into the building. A small marker told them that the shape of the window was known as a chrysanthemum window. 
As they stood looking up at the church windows, Jack wrapped his arms around Kelly from behind and pulled her close to him, resting his chin on the top of her head. He dipped his head to her neck and nuzzled her soft skin, enjoying the feel of her softness against him and the sweet smell of her. She always smelled so good, and he wondered if it was a perfume or just an exceptional combination of her shampoo and innate sweetness. 
Kelly tilted her head and opened her neck to him, and he kissed a trail across the back of her neck as he slowly enjoyed the feel of her skin on his lips. Her skin was soft and warm and it made him linger to feel her more. He leisurely worked his way up to one ear, where he tugged her earlobe with his teeth before he caressed the same lobe with his lips to soften the bite. Kelly moaned and dipped her head, giving him better access. 
He turned her in his arms and kissed along the soft line of her jaw, then slowly worked his way to her mouth, with sweet, soft kisses. When he got to her mouth, he abandoned the gentleness and covered her supple mouth with his. Kelly responded to him, rising up on her toes to get closer to him. Her small fists closed in on his shirt, and she gripped the fabric over his hard chest the way they had when he kissed her under the tree in her parents yard, but this time she didnt stop, but kept pulling him closer, sending Jacks body into overdrive. 
His tongue swept into her mouth, first entering to play with the tip of her tongue, then plunging deeper. Kelly pressed her body against the hardness of Jacks chest and torso, and he felt her nipples brush against him sending a rush to his groin. He wanted to lay her down in the grass and feel every inch of her heated skin on his, to bury himself in her curves.
Jack ended the kiss, but held his forehead to hers as he caught his breath for a minute. Sorry, he said, his voice raw. I forgot for a minute that we were in a public park.
Mm hmm, said Kelly as if she didnt trust herself with words. 
He chuckled. Maybe we should skip the show? I can always get us tickets for another time. Kelly nodded, and they turned to walk back to the car. 
Neither of them noticed the dark sedan pull out from the curb as they walked away. 
Chapter Twenty-two
The thirty-minute car ride seemed to Kelly like it took forever. They rode in silence but it was a comfortable silence, and she laughed as he pushed the speed limit, trying to shave off the minutes to get them home and up to their room. His hand lingered on her thigh and his thumb brushed back and forth sending small shivers through her body with each teasing movement.
Kelly couldnt believe that Jack had been telling the truth. She could feel his attraction for her as much as she could feel the pull of her attraction to him. When he had her in his arms, she felt beautiful, desirable and wanted  beyond words. 
Jack pulled his car into the driveway and came around to open her door. He offered her his hand and pulled her into his arms for a kiss before he turned toward the house without releasing her hand.
Minutes later, they walked into their bedroom and Jack pulled her into his arms. 
Have I told you how incredible you look tonight? he asked. 
Kelly laughed. You mentioned it once or twice, but I dont think you can overdo that. Have I told you how handsome you are tonight? she asked as she ran her hands up the hard muscles of his biceps and onto his strong, broad shoulders. She could feel the power of his body beneath the soft, textured fabric of his shirt and she felt fragile in his arms. 
Kelly pressed her palms flat against Jacks shoulders and ran her fingers down his chest. She luxuriated in the feel of him and spread her fingers to try to feel more, to feel it all. Touching Jack made her hands tingle, sent a rush of heat through her body, sent a tightening ache down her belly and through her thighs in anticipation of what would come. 
***
Jack looked into her eyes until he didnt think he could stand it anymore, then dipped his head to capture her lips. Kelly gasped and sank further into him, pressing her body to his. 
He reached behind her, unzipped her dress and it fell in a puddle at her feet. He let out a long, low groan at the sight of her, as his eyes traveled from her breasts down the smooth skin of her belly to her thighs, and all the way down her sexy legs, marveling at the creamy texture of her skin. Jack dropped to his knees, his hands on her hips, mouth brushing softly on her belly, worshiping her as she let out a soft moan. He looked up to find her watching him, and the image of her eyes on him as he kissed her sent new waves of arousal through him as more blood rushed to his insistent erection. 
Kelly was sexy and alluring and powerful standing above him as if all doubts about her beauty had been washed away. She reached down and pulled him up to stand before her and began to unbutton his shirt. She moved slowly. 
Jack watched her small hands work the buttons of his shirt. But when she finished and reached in to touch his chest, it felt as if her fingers would burn him. He scooped her up and brought her to the bed, then stood watching her as he removed the rest of his clothing. 
Ive never seen anyone as gorgeous as you look lying in my bed, Kelly, he said. He brought his body down on top of hers and pressed lightly down on her as he kissed her lips once more before moving to the bottom of the bed. 
So beautiful. Jack kissed her ankles. 
So sexy. He traced kisses up her calves, along her thighs, all the while running one hand up her hips and into the curve of her waist and back down the full length of her legs.
So soft. 
***
Jack made Kelly feel cherished and treasured. Her body tingled as he touched her and she wanted so much more. 
He left her legs and moved to her breasts. She sighed as he undid the small clasp in the front of her bra to cup her breasts in his hands.  He let the skin on his palms play across her nipples, teasing them and bringing them to life for him. He pulled her right nipple into his mouth, circled it gently with his tongue, and then sucked and nipped at it with his teeth before moving to the left breast, causing heat to pool in between Kellys legs. 
Kelly pulled Jack up and kissed him. She wrapped her arms and legs around him, pulling him closer, needing to feel him pressed against her. She needed him closer still. She pressed her body into his and arched her back, desperate to feel all of him. 
Please, Jack, she begged softly, and she felt his smile against her lips in answer. 
Not yet, Kelly. His voice was low and raw, and his words sent shivers of anticipation up and down her spine as she writhed and moaned beneath him. Her body felt like an instrument that no one had known how to play before Jack. As his hands played over her body, she came alive. 
Jack slid his hand between her legs to slip his hand under the silk and lace of her panties. She was wet and ready for him, swollen and hot. 
Jack. His name slipped from her lips as if on a prayer. 
He peeled Kellys panties down her hips and off her legs then returned to the head of the bed once again. He pinned her wrists above her head with one hand and continued his torturous, slow exploration, this time between her legs. Kelly writhed beneath his hand and pressed herself into him, whimpering with desperate need. He teased her until she bucked under his hand and begged him to relieve her aching need. He moved his fingers across her faster, giving her the speed and pressure she needed to reach her orgasm, and didnt let up until he felt her break into pieces in his arms. 
Jack held her while she caught her breath, then reached into the bedside drawer for a condom and quickly put it on. He lay on top of her and pressed himself against her, not entering her yet, but teasing, taunting, building her up again. Kelly was wide-eyed with surprise as she arched against him and strained to get him to enter her, to end the torture. 
With one swift stroke, Jack slid inside, as they both cried out at the sensation of her wrapping around him, gripping him. He lay still for a moment, but she could only stay still for so long. She started to move her hips in tiny circles, pulling forth another groan from Jack as he began to slide in and out of her, slowly burying himself deeper within her.
Kelly tightened her legs around him and moved as he did. She pushed toward him and brought him deeper still. Jack wrapped one arm around her waist as he felt her body tense  coiling as if ready for release. He leaned in to kiss her neck, and drove into her again and again as she began to shatter and pulse around him. Kelly fisted her hands into Jacks hair and cried out his name as wave upon wave of sweet release rolled over her. 
He continued to move slowly inside her, and she could feel the sweet, aching pleasure as it built in her again. She ran her hands up and down Jacks chest. She wanted to feel every ounce of him as she tightened her muscles around him and marveled at the feel of him tight inside her, hard and smooth and filling her. She brought her mouth to his and kissed him, then bit his lower lip before she gently soothed the hurt with her tongue. 
***
Jack moved inside Kelly, marveling at the feel of her muscles wrapped tightly around him sharing her every response with him, her arms grasping him for more. Jack tried not to think about the fact that every moment with her was better than the last, that everything about sleeping with Kelly was so much different, so much better than it was with any of the women he had taken to bed in the past. 
She whispered, Deeper, Jack, into his ear and the sound of the whispered demand in her soft, sweet voice pushed him right over the edge. She fell along with him and rode the waves of her orgasm until he collapsed on top of her, both of them completely sated. 
Chapter Twenty-three
Kelly smiled to herself as she realized where she was and whose arms were holding her. She could feel Jack stirring, and his hands began to slide over her body as she pressed greedily up against him. She stretched the length of her body against Jack, trying to feel more of him, all of him. 
Good morning, beautiful, he whispered as he trailed kisses along her shoulder. She had no idea that sensations on her shoulders could be so erotic, so sensitive, and if she were forced to pick a favorite spot at the moment, her shoulders might just be it. Jack rolled her to face him and moved down her neck to the hollow between her breasts, and she thought briefly that she might need to change that assessment. When he took one nipple into his mouth and swirled his tongue over its peak, she knew she would never be able to choose a favorite. Everywhere Jack touched her felt on fire. 
Kelly pressed against him, wanting to feel him inside her again. She ran her hands down his chest and around to his back and marveled at the feel of his muscles, the smooth coolness of his skin under her hands, the hard tautness of his muscles rippling under the surface. It only took a small touch of his body to have her not only ready for him, but willing to plead with him to take her.
With one swift move, Jack flipped them over so that he was lying on his back and Kelly straddled him. She laughed and smiled down at him. 
Good morning, Jack. She began to rub herself along his hard length, but she didnt take him into her yet. Jack groaned and tried to pull her down onto him, but she laughed and pulled back. Kelly thrilled to the feeling of power, her ability to bring this incredible man to his knees. She rocked her hips back and forth and enjoyed the slick, wet, hard feel of him between her legs slipping back and forth in her folds. 
***
Jack watched Kellys face as she writhed above him. It was sheer torment not to slide inside her, but he could see now that she was close to the brink and he watched her face, in awe of her beauty as she brought herself closer and closer to climax on him. It was incredible to see her so powerful, taking what she wanted from him, and he gritted his teeth to hold out long enough for her as she suddenly cried out and came crashing down. 
She pulsed with pleasure, and Jack held her as the waves rode through her. When her body finally relaxed, he put one arm around her waist and flipped her underneath him in one quick motion. She let out a giggle, but that quickly turned to a moan as he slipped on a condom and entered her in a swift thrust, and plunged into her depths, again and again until he found his own release with Kelly wrapped around him, holding him as he buried himself deeper inside her than shed thought possible. 
Collapsing in a heap, he pulled her tight into his arms, and they fell asleep once again. 
Chapter Twenty-four
Kelly and Jack lay lazily in bed, her head on his chest, one of his hands drawing languid circles on her shoulders and neck. Jack had never much cared to snuggle or spoon with women in the past, but he didnt seem to be able to get enough of Kelly. It was as if he were compelled to hold her and touch her in whatever way he could until his body had recharged enough to take her again. 
He loved the feel of her skin on his hands, the brush of her breath on his chest, the way their legs tangled together or her hair tickled his skin and teased him to life again. He closed his eyes, content to hold her in his arms as long as she would let him. 
Jack? 
Hmm? Jacks hand didnt stop its exploration of Kellys soft skin as he answered her.
Why is your aunt so dead set on having Chad in charge if Chad doesnt want your position? she asked, not lifting her head from where she was snuggled into Jacks side. 
We dont really know. There was a time when she was the happiest woman youve ever seen. Hell, Jack said on a laugh, she used to be as happy as Mrs. Poole.
Kelly raised her eyebrows at that but waited for Jack to continue.
 Our families used to be so close. Chad and I were both only children, so he and I grew up more as brothers than cousins. We went on family vacations together, had dinners and did things together once or twice a month  we used to see each other all the time. In those days, Aunt Mabry was so much fun. She was like a second mom to me. Then, one day, my uncle left her. He left, and we hardly see him. Even Chad hardly hears from him. He didnt leave for another woman or anything like that. Chad said she felt like she wasnt good enough, that he thought being alone was better than being with her. I thought it said he was a selfish prick, but what do I know? Jack shrugged. She changed after that. Luckily, by the time she focused on me, Chad and I were adults so it didnt affect our friendship or working relationship. But she never let it go. When she started this CEO stuff after my dad died, Chad and I talked about it. We didnt want to push the issue with her so we didnt. She comes off as this obnoxious, mean person now, but she really isnt. Shes just hurting. Chad doesnt want the CEO position but he doesnt push it. When Jack finished, both he and Kelly were quiet for a while. 
I like that family is more important to you than anything else, Kelly said. Besides, your Aunt Mabry is the reason youre putting me through law school if you think about it, so Im okay with her craziness. She grinned, and Jack let out a laugh and held her closer. 

Chapter Twenty-five
The man in the black sedan watched Kelly as she parked her car and entered the legal aid clinic. As the door closed behind her, he hit the speed dial on his phone and waited, listening to the ringing sound in the earpiece. 
Its me, he said.
Have you found a pattern yet? said the voice on the other end of the phone.  
He spoke again. She doesnt seem to have many regular routines other than coming to the clinic on East Street. No regular job, no schedule for shopping or working out that I can see. Shes often with her husband or one of her friends, but she comes to the clinic every morning, and shes alone then. Thats her only steady commitment. 
Well grab her there, then, the voice said, cold, calculated, without feeling. 
Theres another problem. Theyve put security on her. They dont stay right on her, but theyre nearby at all times. The man hesitated. I think we should ditch her. Find a replacement.
No, came the response from the other end. I want this one. Shes the one. Ive already sent a preview of her to our buyers. Lets send someone into the clinic so we have a friendly face close to her. Well get her away from her security and lure her out.
***
Kellys week was pretty full. She went to the legal aid clinic routinely every morning and stayed until noon. She helped people fill out the necessary paperwork and matched them with the right attorney for their problem, and the process gave her a chance to see a pretty wide range of legal issues and get an idea of what types of problems people faced. She was also getting to meet a lot of the attorneys around New Haven, because the clinic pulled volunteers from all of the major firms around town who were looking for a way to fulfill their law firms pro bono requirements. 
Once or twice when she left the clinic, Kelly was fairly sure she saw the all-too-familiar dark sedan turn a corner or sit idling a block away, but she knew Aunt Mabrys investigator wasnt going to find any dirt on her, so she had started to ignore the car and its driver. 
Now that Kelly was spending time in New Haven at the clinic each day, she met Jack for lunch whenever he could get away from work. They had decided to try to work their way through every New Haven restaurant they could, and one day Jack even surprised her by having Mrs. Poole pack a picnic lunch that they ate out on the green. She laughed when he tried to take credit for preparing the meal himself, knowing full well that he had never lifted a cooking utensil in his life. 
On Friday, she and Mabry took the train into the city and found a cocktail dress for the party Jack and Kelly were hosting. The designers name meant nothing to her, but Aunt Mabry was impressed by it, and Kelly liked the dress. It was silky black with an A-line skirt that flared around her thighs. Swarovski crystals sprinkled like raindrops from the waist to the hem, and the spaghetti straps were also dotted with tiny, sparkling crystals. The saleswoman was right; it did show off Kellys hourglass figure and generous curves, and she ended up feeling very sexy when they paired it with silver strappy heels and smoky charcoal-gray undergarments edged with raspberry red lace.  
Kelly tried to see signs of the Aunt Mabry that Jack had told her about, but all she could see was her same pinched face and scheming mind. She felt sad for Mabry, really. Not sad because her husband had left her, but sad that she couldnt let it go  that it still affected her so badly. She didnt get the sense it was because Mabry had loved her husband. It seemed as though Aunt Mabrys pride was hurt, and she couldnt get past the anger of that. Kelly wondered what it would be like to hold onto anger for that long. 
On Saturday evening, Jack said that he had a surprise for her, and he was right. They enjoyed a five-star dinner served on a private boat out on the sound. As the water rocked them and they looked up at the stars, Kelly couldnt imagine anything more romantic, and she once again was hit with a sharp pain when she remembered that their life together had a deadline. 
***
On Sunday morning, Jack walked into the kitchen to find Kelly cooking breakfast. It was Mrs. Pooles day off, and Aunt Mabry was still in bed. He stifled a groan as he watched Kelly bend over to dig for a pan in the cabinet under the stove. She was wearing an old pair of boxers and a T-shirt, but she couldnt be sexierand the way the boxers stretched tight over her bottom when she bent over made him want to skip breakfast and find out how sturdy his kitchen table was.
Jack stood and watched Kelly as she rooted around in the cabinet, enjoying the curve of her calves; imagining his hands on her thighs, pressing his fingers into her hips as he pulled her tight to him. Within seconds, his own pants were tight, and he was very happy that Mrs. Poole took Sundays off.
The longer he stood there, the more he realized he didnt want this to end any time soon. He liked having Kelly around the house. He liked spending time with her and making her smile and laugh. He liked spoiling her with presents, and he liked finding new ways to make her scream out his name in bed. 
Maybe Ill ask her to stay through law school. It wouldnt hurt her to have a home to live in, and Mrs. Poole to take care of her while she studies and gets her degree. And then theres the bar exam to study for and maybe a clerkship to get through.
Before he knew it, Jack was wondering if he could convince Kelly to continue their arrangement for another five years or so. What could he offer her to convince her to stay? Hed have to make it worth her while, but the thought of offering her money made his stomach churn. He knew he couldnt buy Kelly. Before he could fully realize what was bubbling up to the surface in his head, she stood up and Jack forced his thoughts to the side. 
***
Kelly found the pot she wanted and stood up before she noticed Jack watching her. He watched her with an intensity that made her tingle, and she found she couldnt come up with a single word to say. In her head, she knew good morning might be appropriate, but her mouth had apparently stopped functioning. 
Jack silently walked over to her and took the pan from her hands, setting it aside on the stove. She had about two seconds to realize she was about to be treated to another one of his incredible kisses, but this time, he didnt just kiss her. With his mouth still on hers, Jack walked them backward until they hit the island in the center of the room. He lifted her onto the cool granite countertop and slipped in between her legs before kissing her. 
He didnt start out with his typical gentle exploration of her lips. There was no feeling Kelly out to see if she wanted him to kiss her. There was only heat and passion, so hard and strong, it made her tingle from her belly down to her toes and stole her breath from her body. She felt her arms wrap around his neck, and she grabbed handfuls of his soft hair, fisting the dark curls as she leaned her body into his and answered his passion with her own. 
Jacks hands slid down her sides and brushed the curves of Kellys breasts, causing her nipples to tighten. As they moved lower, skimming down her hips, he pulled her more tightly around his body fitting her to him like two pieces of a puzzle. Just as he was about to lift Kelly up into his arms and carry her upstairs, he heard someone clearing their throat in the doorway of the kitchen. His head in a fog, he couldnt process who would be in the kitchen with them until he heard his Aunt Mabrys shrill, Good morning. He quickly broke away from Kelly. She blushed and buried her head in his chest as he turned to his aunt. 
Good morning, Aunt Mabry. I was helping Kelly make breakfast. Its Mrs. Pooles day off today. Jack wore a wide grin as he greeted his aunt.
Thats an interesting cooking style you have there, dear, Aunt Mabry said, and for a minute with her joking smile and casual manner, she sounded like the Aunt Mabry he remembered from long ago. Unfortunately, the moment flashed past as her face resumed its pinched state and stared in reproach as he slid Kelly off the counter and let her get back to work on breakfast.
Jack sighed and went to the fridge where he pulled out eggs, bread, sausages, and fruit and placed them on the counter for Kelly. She grinned at him as she started to crack eggs into a large mixing bowl and whisked them together. 
 Scrambled eggs with sausage on the side, French toast with sausage on the side, or an omelet with cheese and sausage inside? Kelly asked.
Anything works for me, beautiful, Jack said and looked expectantly at his aunt. 
Aunt Mabry scowled. Scrambled is fine. No need to be fancy. Mabry turned to Jack. I saw a picture of that actress you used to date in todays newspaper. That one with the stunning black hair and the green eyes. What was her name? She was nominated for an Oscar. Kelly, you should see some of the women that your Jack dated before he found you. Aunt Mabry smiled her nasty sneer as she continued.
There were so many models, werent there, Jack? You seem to be partial to models. She continued on. Kelly saw Jack go still, ever so briefly, before he brushed off his aunts words and took the bread from the counter.
Kelly smiled a tight smile and began to pour the eggs into the heated pan and scramble them as they set. She took out another pan for the sausage while Jack popped several pieces of toast in the toaster, but she found herself blinking her eyes to hold back tears as Aunt Mabrys words sank in.  
Jack turned to his aunt and then smiled at Kelly. And they all bored me to death. Until I found Kelly, I was bored to tears, Aunt Mabry. 
Chapter Twenty-six
Kelly and Jack walked into her mothers kitchen for Sunday dinner, and Jack had the odd sensation of utter belonging and acceptance, as if he had always been a member of this family. Kellys brother Liam was pulling a beer out of the fridge when they entered the room. Without missing a beat, he tossed one to Jack before he cracked his own beer open. Kellys mother kissed and hugged Kelly then turned immediately to Jack and pulled him into her embrace for kisses and hugs as if he were one of her own.
He was surprised to find himself hugging her back as if he had been hugging her at Sunday dinners his whole life. Life with Kelly was starting to be one big revelation after another. When he told Mabry that he had been bored by every woman he had dated before her, he had immediately realized the truth of that. His life with Kelly, despite its fake beginning, was never boring. He never had that usual let-down feeling when he realized there was nothing under the surface of a particular woman. With Kelly, the surface was, well, it was only the beginning, just like it should be.
As Kelly and her mother finished the dinner prep, Jack and her brothers set the table while her dad sat at the table and joked with everyone. Kellys sister Jesse came in shortly after they arrived, and Jack found that he was happy to see her also. The room buzzed with the easygoing chatter of the family catching up on the weeks events. They all laughed easily when Kellys mom told Jack that she had looked up his company on the Google and was very impressed by all that he had done. 
It struck him that he had always wanted this, this feeling of family. Even though he had loved his parents more than anything, and he always had Chad around growing up, he had always wished he had siblings.
As he looked around, he saw the room was awash with warmth and familiarity and caring, and he wanted to spend Sunday dinners here forever. And thats when it struck Jack. He wouldnt. He would only spend a year as a member of this family and then things were scheduled to end. Like all this had an expiration date. And then his new siblings, new parents, would likely hate him. 
Once again, Jack found himself wanting more with Kelly. Wanting to somehow erase the expiration date that mocked him every time he thought of it. 
This visit to her parents provided one surprise after another for Jack as he realized that the temporary nature of his marriage was beginning to leave a very bad taste in his mouth. He couldnt imagine resuming the life hed had before Kelly.
***
Jack walked into the bedroom that evening well after nine oclock. He had been down in his office working later than usual, but Kelly was still up reading a book in bed with the pillows propped behind her back. 
He slid in beside her and laced his fingers through the soft hair at the back of her head, before leaning closer to the warm skin of her neck to trace a pattern of kisses to her jawline. Kellys thoughts werent on the book for long as she turned to nuzzle against Jack and open herself to him. It never ceased to amaze her how quickly he brought her body to a frenzied state with a kiss or a touch.
Jack reached over and closed her book, then put it on the end table on her side of the bed. Slowly, he stripped her body of the tank top and pajama pants she wore. He traced lazy patterns with his mouth and tongue from Kellys shoulders to her stomach, down her legs and back up again, before giving in to her pleas. Jack quickly grabbed a condom and sheathed himself before he entered her, making her cry out his name over and over. 
God, Kelly, how do you do this to me? He thought he would lose his mind when he slipped inside Kelly. She felt like no other woman ever had. Like she was made for him, made to fit him like a glove. He couldnt get close enough, deep enough.
With Kellys soft pants and moans in his ear, Jack buried his face against her soft neck and plunged deep into her soft folds, rocking his hips over and over until they both cried out together and climaxed on an endless wave of pleasure and heat. 
***
Kelly lay in Jacks arms after they made love and thought about how content she was with the new status of their relationship. She didnt know where this was going, but she was happy for now, and for once she was just going to focus on being happy in the moment and not worry about what might happen down the road. 
Jack pulled the covers up over them and wrapped her in his arms and legs, snuggling closer to her as they lay together in bed. 
How are things at the clinic? he asked as she relaxed in his arms. 
Good. I like the people a lot, and Im seeing a range of different legal issues. Theres a new volunteer whos really nice. Denise. Shes thinking of applying to law schools so she wanted to volunteer to get some experience to put on her applications. Were going to go to lunch so I can give her some tips on the LSAT and her applications.
Thats nice of you to help her, Jack said as he ran his hand idly up and down Kellys back. I always thought law school students were supposed to be cutthroat competitors, hiding books from the other students in the stacks and vying for the best study groups. 
Kelly laughed. Well, Im not there yet. Besides, the LSAT can be kind of intimidating. I wish someone had taken the time to describe it to me before I walked in there. I wouldve felt better, I think.
He smiled down at Kelly. Oh, before I forget; I have to go away for a work thing tomorrow afternoon. Ill fly out in the afternoon and be back Tuesday evening. 
Oh, okay. Where are you going? 
Kelly almost kicked herself for asking. She hadnt meant to sound like a nagging busybody of a wife, and she didnt really know if she had any right to ask, after all. He had said he wouldnt see any other women while they were together, but that didnt mean she had the right to know everything about him. 
Jack didnt seem to mind, though, so Kelly breathed a silent sigh of relief. Chicago. We have the right of first refusal on the sale of some shares in a company we invested in, but it looks as if the deal may be going south. There are some issues with the wording of the contract, so Im heading out to clean things up and make sure we get it under control before things get out of hand.
Do you need any help getting ready? She didnt really know what the protocol was for a wife in this circumstance. Should she help him pack? Drive him to the airport? 
Jack smiled and kissed her lips in an achingly slow kiss that assaulted her senses and had her drowning and weak in seconds. No, but you can give me a send-off I wont forget, he said as he drew away from her lips and began to brush his lips down her neck and across her shoulder, rekindling the burning arousal that had been sated just moments before. Kelly gasped in wonder, and within minutes of his hands and mouth touching her, she was ready for him again. Her body instantly sprang to life and stretched toward him with need, aching and sweet and crying out to Jack because he was the only one who could slake that need in her. 
She closed her eyes and let her body sink into his as his hands played across her body, sending her to places she knew no other man would ever take her. She closed her mind to the nagging voice that taunted her, and told her she would never be happy with another man after her time with Jack ran out. 
Chapter Twenty-seven
Kelly carried a pitcher of iced tea and two glasses out to the pool, where Jennie sat sunning herself on a rare afternoon off. This was the first time Jennie had been to the house, so Kelly had taken her for the grand tour before they settled outside by the pool. 
Jack had already left for the airport, Aunt Mabry was out shopping, and Mrs. Poole was in the kitchen baking, so it was just the two of them for the next couple of hours. 
I still cant get over this place. I could kick myself for not thinking of proposing to Jack myself. I mean what the hell, why didnt I think of it? Jennie laughed and picked up her glass of iced tea as Kelly sat down on the lounge chair next to her. 
Kelly laughed, but suddenly realized how jealous that remark made her. God, she felt almost possessive of Jack. She suddenly realized that she wasnt doing a very good job of keeping her emotional distance and only having fun with him. In fact, if she were really honest with herself, she had to admit she hadnt protected her heart from him at all.
Jennie was watching Kellys face as if she were trying to figure out the emotions playing across it. Oh no, Kel. Youre not only falling for him, youre completely over the edge, arent you?
Her face pinched in pain as her friend spoke. I never meant to. I never thought this would be a problem. I mean, Ive dated a lot of really terrific guys, some for a long time even. They were sweet and fun and things with them were always great, but they never really made me feelmore, you know? I never felt this way about any of them. With Jack, things are different somehow. I feel more comfortable with him than Ive ever felt with anyone. And every time he kisses me. She broke off as her face turned red. 
I thought I could handle it and keep my distance, Kelly went on, trying to justify her feelings to Jennie, but hes so much more amazing than I thought hed be. Every time he takes me to dinner or we watch movies curled up on the couch, or go for a walk, I seem to fall deeper and deeper. I just cant resist him. He acts as if were a real couple. I wasnt ready for that  you know, Jennie? I wasnt prepared to have to defend myself. My heart, I mean.
Jennie watched her with a puzzled look on her face. I dont understand. If this is a phony marriage and Jack knows that, why is he doing all of those things? I mean, why would he snuggle with you or take you out places? Are they things he needs to go to for work and stuff?
No, said Kelly slowly, we just go to dinner or for a walk. When we dont go out, we eat dinner here and sometimes watch a movie after dinner. Sometimes the snuggling is for Aunt Mabrys sake, but sometimes its just us.
Kelly, that makes no sense, Jennie said. The only way that makes sense is if he likes you. If he wants more.
Kellys eyes started to well up with tears, but she shook her head and blinked them back. I know. Ive thought of that, but thats a far cry from falling in love with me or wanting something more at the end of our deal. Jacks used to having women around and being able to go out with anyone he wants. Obviously, he cant go out with his usual floozies during the marriage so hes taking me out, but that doesnt mean hed want to turn this into forever. Her voice fell still as she realized that she wanted forever. 
Floozies? laughed Jennie, lightening the mood. 
Kelly grinned at her friend. You know what I mean.
They sat together for a few minutes and stared out past the pool and down the lawn to Long Island Sound, watching the water lap at the edge of the beach. Finally, Jennie spoke. 
Have you slept with him? she asked.
Kelly nodded and struggled to find the right words. She didnt know whether she wanted to cry or grin like an idiot. Its somehow hotter and more incredible than its ever been with anyone else. And its like we were made to fit together  like our bodies are two parts that make up a whole.
Maybe hes feeling the same things you are, Kel, Jennie said hopefully. 
Kelly thought about what Jennie was saying and sipped her tea. I dont know if youre right, Jennie, but I do know this. I like the new me Im becoming. I like being more daring and going for the things that I want. It started when I walked into Jacks office and I want to keep it going. She whooshed out a breath. So, Im just going to grab onto this year and enjoy it with Jack. If it goes further, thatll be a bonus. If it doesnt, Im going to have to get over it, she said with all the confidence she could muster But she knew that getting over Jack Sutton just might kill her. 
***
Kelly felt wonderfully confident in her decision until a few hours later when Aunt Mabry cornered her in the living room. Kelly sat reading a book on the couch when Jacks aunt walked in. 
It wont last, you know, Mabry started in with a sneer on her face. It starts out like this with the sudden business trips and it goes downhill from there.
Kelly looked up from her book and dismissed Aunt Mabrys concerns. Its just a trip to save a deal thats in trouble. I dont think its the beginning of the end of our marriage, she said confidently, giving Mabry a puzzled look.
Mabrys eyebrows shot up. Shed planted a seed that she knew would fester and grow. Hmm. I wonder why he was speaking to Caroline Harridan before he left? I thought he was through with her, but I guess not. And with that, she spun on her heel and left the room, a smug smile playing on her lips. Kelly watched her go, feeling a small insecure hesitation at her parting words. 
Kelly went upstairs and sat in the room she shared with Jack. Mabry had left her feeling insecure and unsure of her place in his world, and it wasnt a good feeling. He hadnt seemed to be interested in Caroline when they saw her at lunch the other day, but if he hadnt talked to Caroline, how would Aunt Mabry know to pull that name out of thin air? Which meant Jack must have talked to her. Could his blas attitude toward Caroline at lunch have been an act?
Jack had sworn to her that he wouldnt be with anyone else while they were married, and Kelly had believed him at the time. He seemed so genuine and sure. But it was well known that Jack Sutton could bluff better than anyone when he needed to. Maybe he was bringing his boardroom tactics home to their bed.
Kelly hated the sudden insecurity she felt. She had never been the jealous or suspicious type when dating someone, but as she thought about it, she realized that was because she always knew where she stood with her previous boyfriends. She was confident in the status of their relationship, so there was no need to be catty and check up on them. With Jack, the only thing she really knew was that their whole relationship was based on a pretend marriage. A lie. Where did that really leave her? 
Kelly sat on the bed and tried to think of a way to know for sure whether Jack was with Caroline without having to flat out ask him. If she did that, he would know she didnt trust him. She bit her lip between her teeth and picked up the phone. She dialed the number of the hotel that Jack was staying at and put on her secretary tone from her days as a temp. 
When the front desk answered the phone, Kelly launched into her spiel. Yes, this is Jack Suttons secretary. I need to reach his wife right away to confirm some details for a fundraising event that cant wait. Can you tell me if she checked in there with him? She wasnt planning on traveling with him, but Im wondering if she may have tagged along at the last minute because I cant reach her here. Kelly had learned that if you spoke confidently enough and acted as though you expected your questions to be answered, they often would be, and she was right. 
No, maam. I checked Mr. Sutton in myself and hes traveling alone. Let me double check with the bellhop for you. Hold one moment, please. 
Kelly waited on the line, holding her breath and chewing her lip as she waited to hear whether Jack had been joined by a woman. It was several minutes before the concierge came back on the line.
No, maam. Mr. Sutton has not been joined by anyone, Im afraid.
Kelly breathed a silent sigh of relief as she continued to play her part. All right, Ill keep trying to track her down here. Thank you for your help, she said and hung up the phone. She was relieved that Jack didnt seem to have Caroline with him, but that relief was short-lived when the guilt at having checked up on him kicked in. Kelly felt a nagging regret in her stomach that stayed with her into the evening. 
Chapter Twenty-eight
That night, Kelly went up to bed early and started a bubble bath to soak. There was nothing she loved more than soaking in water so hot it almost burned, and she filled the tub with bath salts that smelled of jasmine and roses. Kelly stripped off her clothes and sank down into the heavenly mixture. She sighed as she felt her tension begin to melt. 
She had no one to blame for it but herself. She was tense because she felt as if she had betrayed Jack by checking up on him, and she was angry with herself for letting Aunt Mabry get to her. She knew better than to listen to that hateful old hag. 
Kelly sighed as she thought about Aunt Mabry. She knew Jack didnt want to confront Mabry because he and Chad had this overdeveloped sense of protection where she was concerned, and in many ways knowing he was like that made her care for him all the more. It wasnt your average man who would put his family above all else, especially when that family member was attacking him at every turn. 
Kelly took a deep breath and submerged herself under the bubbles in the hot water, and lay there floating while the bath salts and hot water worked their magic. Jacks bathtub was like heaven on earth. It was large and deep enough that she could lay completely submerged without scrunching herself up, and it had excellent temperature control. Thinking that she would turn on the jets for a bit, Kelly came up out of the suds and swiped a hand down her face. Then she opened her eyes. 
And screamed. Jack! What are you doing here? Youre not due home until tomorrow night, Kelly sputtered. Jack stood watching her come up out of the water. Her guilt made her feel as if he had caught her doing something wrong.
***
Jack let his eyes skim Kellys breasts where they crested out of the water as if they wanted to give him a very nice welcome home. He didnt answer Kellys question as he honed his sharp gaze on her vulnerable body in the hot water. She looked guilty as sin sitting there staring at him, and he now knew without a doubt that it had been Kelly who called the hotel. Hed stayed in that hotel on a number of occasions, so the concierge was quick to let him know that someone had called to check up on him. 
Jack was surprised to find that he wasnt upset or angry with her as he would have been with one of his girlfriends if they had pulled that kind of crap. In fact, he wasnt even annoyed. It puzzled him that the moment he saw the confirmation in Kellys eyes, he felt concern for her. He couldnt imagine what had caused her to feel the need to call, but he planned to find out. 
Without saying a word, his eyes on Kelly the entire time, he stripped down to nothing while she stared up at him, eyes wide, her breath coming in short pants. 
Jack kept his gaze locked on her as he stepped into the tub. Jack pulled her over the top of him so she straddled his lap and plunged into her in one deep stroke, never taking his eyes from hers. He wrapped his arms around her, and her legs came around his back. Jack buried his face in Kellys neck and slowly plunged into her over and over, marveling at the softness of her skin and the way her body welcomed his without question or hesitation. 
So beautiful. You feel so right. Jack whispered against the soft skin of her shoulder.
***
Kelly put her arms around Jacks neck and lost herself in the feel of him between her thighs, in the way his body made hers sing with pleasure as if he had been made for her. She moaned and felt his body pour over the edge with his release, and she tumbled after him, completely satiated in his arms. 
They stayed locked togetherKellys limp body collapsed on Jacks for several minutes before they slipped from the tub, rinsed off in the shower and snuggled up in bed together. 
She lay in Jacks arms for a few minutes before she realized he hadnt answered her question. She raised her head and looked into his eyes. 
Youre home early. 
Jack smiled at her. I wrapped up the deal and decided to come home. I missed you, he said with a grin, but couldnt resist teasing her a bit. Besides, the hotel said that my secretary was looking for you. She needed to confirm some fundraising details with you, so I thought I should run home and track you down for her. 
Kelly let out a small squeak in his arms and he laughed. He curled a finger under Kellys chin and tipped her head up so that she looked into his eyes. Why did you need to check up on me, Kel? I told you I wouldnt be with anyone else, and I meant it. There wasnt anger in his voice. Just concern. 
She flushed red when she answered. Im sorry, Jack. As soon as I did it I felt like an idiot, and I was so angry with myself, but I let her get to me. 
Ah, Jack said. Aunt Mabry. What did she say to you? 
She told me you were with Caroline, that she heard you talking on the phone with her making plans. I should have known it wasnt true. Kelly shook her head as she spoke. It seemed so odd that we had just seen Caroline. I figured she couldnt have coincidentally pulled her name out of the air, so she must have actually heard you.
Jack thought for a minute. Remember when I said it wasnt a coincidence that Caroline found us at the restaurant? Id be willing to bet it was Aunt Mabry who told her wed be there. Thats the only way she would know to plant Carolines name in your head the next day.
And I fell for it like an idiot, Kelly said, burying her head against Jacks chest.
He smiled and began a careful exploration of her body with his mouth. He spoke to Kelly as his lips caressed her soft, creamy skin. I think I like that you cared whether I was with another woman. Not enough that I want you ever to worry about something like that again, but a little, he said as he kissed along the inside of her thighs. You dont need to worry like that again, Kelly, Jack said as he placed his final kiss in the spot she needed the most, and Kellys moan was all the answer he needed. 
Chapter Twenty-nine
That weekend, Kelly was nervous as she dressed for the party. She and Jack had been married about a month, and although she had met some of his friends and business associates, she was anxious about having her friends and family and all of Jacks friends and business colleagues in one place. It was enough to send her over the edge. She had hardly been able to eat all day, and her stomach was doing flip flops as she shaved her legs in the shower. 
She finished rinsing and stepped out to dry herself. Jack had run to the office for a couple of hours, so she had plenty of time to get dressed and do her makeup. She toweled off and applied moisturizing lotion before setting her hair. She had decided to use large curlers to give it a soft, bouncy curl for the night. Her dress had an open neckline, and the spaghetti strap style left her shoulders bare so the soft curls would flow down over her shoulders, completing the look. 
Kelly applied her makeup while her hair was setting in the rollers, then slipped into the charcoal-gray lingerie she had picked to wear under her dress. She loved the demi bra that pushed up her chest and the thigh-high stockings with garter belt. She had never had lingerie that made her feel this sexy. Smiling, she slipped her dress on over her head, feeling as if she were living a fairy tale.
Fairy tale for a year, she told herself, and commanded her heart to be okay with that deadline. And eleven more months with Jack offered far more than shed ever had before this adventure had started. 
Slipping into silver, strappy heels, Kelly buckled the thin straps around her ankles and walked down the stairs. She came into the front hall as Jack was stepping in from the office. Hed arrived home just before the guests were due but had changed into his charcoal suit at the office. 
Jack froze in the hallway when he saw Kelly. As he watched her, she let out a small laugh.
Thats funny that you chose charcoal, she said with all the innocence she could muster. My lingerie is charcoal tonight.
Jacks eyes went wide and Kelly was fairly sure she heard him growl. Damn, woman, Jack grunted and the next thing she knew he had her in a firemans hold over his shoulder and was headed up the stairs with her. 
Mrs. Poole, greet the guests, he hollered over his shoulder as he ran up the stairs with a laughing Kelly hitting him in the back with balled up fists as he went.
What the hell are you doing? she cried out as he plopped her down in their bedroom, but she was still laughing. 
She barely had the words out before Jacks mouth was on hers, burning into her, seeking her, finding her. She moaned into his lips as she wrapped her arms around him and melded her body to his and returned his kiss with just as much heat. She matched him stroke for stroke with her tongue and fisted her hands in his hair. 
Jack broke from her mouth only to bring his lips to her neck, slowly pressing one firm kiss after another down her neck, into the vee of her dress as he softly caressed the top curve of her breasts. Kellys head fell back and she breathed out his name, and the soft, throaty sound of her plea sent heat flaming through him.
He raised one of her arms and began to kiss her shoulder, then trailed his kisses down her arm to her wrist where he lingered on the soft skin on the inside of her wrist before he broke away and found her mouth again. 
Jack, Kelly breathed, I need. 
Stay, he commanded and left her against the door as he went to the nightstand for a condom.
He returned to Kelly and captured his mouth with hers again before he reached between them and undid the zipper of his pants. Jack donned the condom and pulled aside the small scrap of silk and lace covering Kelly. Lifting her, he wrapped her legs around his waist and sank into her, taking her against the door of their bedroom as their guests arrived downstairs. He buried himself deep again and again as she pulled him ever deeper with her legs around his waist. Both reached a breathless orgasm in record time.
When they were cleaned up and dressed again, Jack crossed to his armoire and pulled a black velvet jewelry box out of one of the drawers. He opened it and turned to show Kelly a stunning set of diamond stud earrings and a light, delicate diamond necklace that complemented her dress perfectly. She gasped and covered her mouth while Jack laughed at her reaction and clasped the necklace around her neck. He stole a few kisses on the back of her neck, but stopped himself before they reached the point of no return again. 
Jack, you shouldnt have, her hand shook as she fingered the beautiful jewels at her neck.
I like doing things that make you smile, Kelly. I love your smile. Here, put the earrings on.
Kelly put the earrings in her ears, and Jack took her by the hand to go down to greet their guests. 

Chapter Thirty
Kelly looked out across the lawn at the beautiful white tents drenched in tiny sparkling lights and filled with guests, wait staff, and a band. Out past the lawn, the water sparkled and reflected the lights back onto the party. The boat dock had been set up with tiny caf tables for the guests who wanted to stroll down to the water. There were large round tables with white linens and linen-covered chairs set up under the tents for the sit-down dinner that would be served in an hour. She sucked in her breath as she looked out at the fairy-tale scene. She couldnt believe that Mrs. Poole had been able to pull this all together in a week. 
As Jack and Kelly made their way down to the tables, guests stopped them. Most congratulated Jack with a slap on the back or a private toast. More than one commented that Kelly must be a hell of a woman to have caught him, and Kelly laughed and hinted at blackmail and espionage. 
Andrew nearly choked on his appetizer as he walked up to greet them, and Kelly thought he must have heard her comment. She laughed as she realized Andrew was one of the few people at the party who knew how close her explanation danced to the truth, and she thought she saw approval in his smile. 
Is she spreading vicious lies and rumors again, Jack? Andrew said as he shook Jacks hand and kissed Kelly on the cheek. If you get tired of this guy, Im always available, Andrew said winking at her. 
Back off, Jack growled and Kelly laughed at the two men posturing. Get your own woman, Andrew, Jack said jokingly to his best friend, but there was a hint of an edge to his voice. 
Okay, okay, Andrew said, raising his palms in defeat. 
The three friends walked down toward the tents together, and Kelly felt content and happy as she greeted her own family and friends. She introduced Jack to the people who hadnt met him yet and watched him share a drink with her father and brothers. 
Her family, Chad, Aunt Mabry, and Andrew all joined Kelly and Jack at the largest of the rounds in the center of the tent for their meal. Conversation swirled from Kellys law school plans and her work at the legal aid clinic to Jacks latest investments. At a lull in the conversation, Aunt Mabry struck out at the newlyweds again. 
So, Jack, no plans to take your beautiful wife on a honeymoon? Im surprised you didnt whisk her away after the wedding, Mabry said too sweetly.
Kellys cheeks flamed, and she jumped in quickly to try to explain away the unorthodox absence of a honeymoon. Oh, with Jacks work, we cant really go running off on a honeymoon, she said.
Actually, Kelly, I cleared three weeks in August right before you start school. I got us tickets to Italy for a week, then a week in Paris, and then to Greece before we come home. I thought Id surprise you. Kelly thought he must be making that up to maintain the faade of their marriage, so she was stunned when Jack pulled their airline tickets out of the inside of his suit pocket and grinned at her. Her sister squealed, but all Kelly could do was stare at him and wonder why in the hell he would do something like that.
***
Jack was beginning to wonder why he was doing all of these things for Kelly when this marriage was supposed to be on paper only, but he liked seeing her smile and the idea of three weeks abroad with her sounded fun. He shrugged off the nagging feeling that there was something more going on here and focused on her smile. He leaned in to cup her face with one hand and kissed her luscious lips as she grinned and her sister continued to squeal.
Jack hadnt stepped from her side the entire evening, and his hands had rarely left her body. He seemed to want to no need to have a hand on her at all times, playing in small circles on the small of her back, holding her hand with fingers entwined, or running softly up her arm, over the curve of her shoulder. Jack wondered if she could feel how much he treasured her tonight.
He hoped her family was having fun. Her mother was gaga over the house, and Jack thought her father had been impressed too. Kelly made the right impression on Jacks business associates, making small talk when she needed to. 
Andrew and Chad taunted him and flirted with Kelly to see how far they could go before he would strike out at them. Andrew joked that he could steal her off to a private island and whisk her away from all of this. He swept his arm out to encompass the beautiful grounds and home as if it were torture for her to live in such opulence. Kelly laughed at them and placed her hand calmly on Jacks arm, but even that couldnt deflate the rage he felt watching them. Would it be wrong to tear their limbs off, he wondered? 
Jack noticed that Chad asked his mother if she needed a ride home, and he wondered briefly if Chad knew that his mother was staying with him and Kelly. He would have to remember to ask Chad about that later. 
Jack whirled Kelly around the dance floor. She was so light and graceful even though she claimed she rarely danced. He spun her and laughed with her and nuzzled his lips to her neck, wanting to hide her away from all of these prying eyes and hurry back to the privacy of their bedroom once again. 
Chapter Thirty-one
Kelly and Jack said goodnight to the last of the guests and strolled hand in hand across the lawn and up to their room. She laughed as his arms came around her as soon as he shut the door. Her laughter didnt last long as Jack spun her to face him and began to string searing kisses across her shoulders and up her neck. A moan escaped from her lips, and she heard the zipper on her dress then felt the silky fabric glide to her feet. 
Jack kept his lips pressed to Kellys as he quickly lost his clothing then looked down at her in the smoky gray demi bra, lace panties, garter belt and thigh-high stockings. He let out a visceral groan as he dropped to his knees and kissed her stomach, her thighs, the soft patch of silk and lace between her legs. 
Kelly gasped and felt her legs go weak. 
***
Jack stood, lifted her, and carried her to the bed. He laid her down on her stomach and stretched out next to her, and then licked, nipped, and kissed his way from her shoulders down to the small of her back and the beautiful curve where her back met her bottom.
You are so incredibly stunning, you take my breath away, he whispered to Kelly as he pressed his body against her, spooning her in tight to him, her back to his front. She wriggled herself back against his hard body and moaned in his arms, luxuriating in the tingling anticipation building in her stomach and her thighs. 
Jack unhooked her bra and slipped it off her shoulders, then brought his arms around to the front of her, one arm to her breasts where he lightly rubbed and caressed, the other hand finding the lace of her panties where his hand slipped inside to make her gasp and beg. 
Please, Jack, Kelly said as she tried to turn toward him. 
Jack refused to let her turn. Ah ah ah. Patience, beautiful, he whispered into her ear, letting his breath tickle her skin. 
Jack let his fingers play over her body as he drew out her pleasure and let it build slowly until he felt her tense, and moments later come crashing over the edge. She convulsed with pleasure in his arms, and he quickly sought and found a condom before he turned her and plunged into her, releasing wave upon wave of the sweetest, aching pleasure through Kellys body as he buried  himself, and found his own release deep within her. 
***
Jack woke with Kelly in his arms, feeling better than he had in a long time. He slowly kissed her as she began to wake, and they came together again in a half-dream state and made love as the sun came up. He had never experienced a feeling like this before with another woman. He was insatiable in Kellys arms as if he could never get close enough, never have enough of her, never tire of bringing her to new heights of pleasure. 
They lay together, recovering, and Jack lazily ran his fingertips up and down Kellys arm as she slept again. He held her for a long time and wondered at the way she made him feel, at the intensity of his feelings for her, before falling back to sleep himself.
When they awoke again a short time later, she stretched in his arms and smiled up at him. 
Shower? she asked with a smile, and he grinned down at her. 
Ill go start the water. See you in there in a minute, Jack answered as he slipped out of the bed to start the shower for them. 
***
Jack crossed the room toward the bathroom and Kelly watched him as he went. She took in the long, lean muscles in his legs and the bands of muscle crisscrossing his back. Everything about him was perfection. His shoulders were broad and tanned, his butt sculpted and taut. Kelly had no idea how she had gotten so lucky, but she was glad she had.
He called out to her a moment later that the water was ready, and she slipped into the bathroom and joined him under the hot jets. Their shower was long and slow, slippery and wet, and they went back to bed for another nap when they were finished. 

Chapter Thirty-two
Kelly felt as if she were walking on air the week after the party. She hadnt spotted the car that had been following her all week and thought maybe Aunt Mabry was beginning to give up on having her watched. 
She smiled to herself as she got ready to go to the clinic for the day. She replayed the week with Jack in her head, and laughed as she remembered how he grabbed her in the shower. He had pressed her up against the wall and slipped his hands down between her legs to tease her. She thought he would drop her when he lifted her up, but he didnt. Shed wrapped her legs around him and hed entered her, making love to her as the water streamed down around them. 
Wednesday night, they skipped their usual movie and went straight up to bed after dinner, where Jack had stripped her of her clothing slowly, sensuously, kissing her as he went. Kelly had gasped with pleasure when she felt his mouth warm and wet between her legs, and she never stopped gasping for breath as he sucked and licked until she cried out. She had never been with a man who was so giving before. He seemed to take such pleasure in giving her pleasure, in telling her how much she turned him on  and he demonstrated that in every action. 
Kelly couldnt help but repay his generosity the next night when she surprised him by slipping into his home office after dinner. Jacks eyebrows shot up when she locked the door, closed the blinds, and dropped to her knees between his legs to give her husband a much-deserved break from his work.  
She smiled to herself as she walked down the stairs to leave for the legal aid clinic. She went to the kitchen and kissed Jack good-bye and said good-bye to Mrs. Poole then walked out the front door. Before she could even make it down the wide stone staircase, she realized her car wasnt in the driveway. Jacks car was there and there was a red BMW convertible  but her Honda Civic was gone.
Puzzled, Kelly turned to walk back into the house, but a grinning Jack stood right behind her. 
Do you like it? he asked.
Like what? Kelly asked slowly. She didnt want to believe that Jack had bought her a car. And apparently gotten rid of her car. Without even asking her. 
Jack held up a set of car keys and smiled at her. Your new car.
She leveled a stare at him. Where is my car, Jack? My Civic?
I donated it to the Big Buddies Mentoring Program.
You did what! Kelly all but yelled, and Jacks face fell into confusion. 
Well, yeah. You wont need it with your BMW, and this is a safer car anyway. Much safer. I passed the dealership driving home and saw it and couldnt resist. I wanted to surprise you, he explained as if he couldnt understand why she didnt appreciate such a nice gesture and such a great car. 
Kelly sighed as she noticed the hurt look on his face. Jack, you cant do things like that. I have to go back to my life after the year is up, and I need my car, she said. 
You can keep the car at the end of the year, he said, and this time anger seeped into his voice. Why would you think Id make you give up the car?
Kelly crossed her arms and faced him head on. She didnt honestly know why his actions angered her so much, but it felt like a big reminder of what she was; a wife who was bought and paid for, who wouldnt be needed after her expiration date. 
Kelly didnt want to be reminded of that fact. 
Thats not the point, Jack. I have to go back to living a normal life instead of this fairy tale. Ill be a student. And now Im a student who has to pay to insure a BMW. And maintain a BMW. And fix a BMW if it breaks down. Did you think about that, Jack, because normal people have to think about these things? Did you even think to ask me before you gave away my car? She hated that she sounded so edgy and needy, but she couldnt reel the emotions back in. It was like a dam had broken and there was no sticking a finger in these holes. 
Ill pay for the insurance and maintenance for you, Kelly. I wont abandon you when this is over. Jack looked confused as though he genuinely wanted to fix things, but he couldnt fix this for her.
She stepped back as if shed been struck. So, Ill be a kept woman, huh? Youll put me up and pay everything for me and what? Youll swing by for a good lay when you feel like it?
Now Jack stepped back. You dont understand, Kelly. I didnt mean it like that. You know I didnt mean it like that. Maybe you shouldnt leave in a year. You can stay. 
Jack said it cavalierly as if it were nothing for her to stay with him, and thats when Kellys fairy tale came crashing down around her. She had been so caught up in the fun fairy-tale life, in the incredible sex with Jack, and in getting to play house that shed forgotten that she shouldntcouldntfall for this man. Because he wasnt talking about love or forever. He was just talking about a convenient extension of a lie.
Kellys eyes began to tear up. She closed her eyes and held them shut for a long moment, willing the tears back. She knew that she was falling in love with him. She also knew that this was all a game to Jack, and once the terms of their agreement were honored, she couldnt stay with him after this year for anything less than love. Her love was there, but there also had to be his love as well, and that wasnt what he offered. 
Kelly shook her head and opened her eyes as tears began to fall. She grabbed the keys from a stunned Jacks hands. No, this isnt a game, Jack. This is my life, and you cant just tell me you want to keep playing house and expect me to stay until you get tired of this  until you dont want to play anymore. Thats not fair. I have to go back to a normal life after this. I have to get past this. Her voice broke. I have to get past you.
Kelly couldnt bring herself to tell him the truth  that she would have to find a way to stop loving him in a year. So, as the tears fell freely, she ran down the front steps and took the BMW because there wasnt any other option. She gunned the engine out of the drive and let the tears fall as she drove to the clinic. She didnt know how, but knew she needed to find a way to protect herself from Jack Sutton and the feelings she had for him. Deep down, Kelly knew it was already much too late. Shed fallen in love with him a long time ago.
***
Jack stood on the steps stunned at what had just happened. Everything was perfect. He was so happy. They were so happy. At least hed thought they were. 
Anger and frustration boiled over, and he stalked back in the house and slammed the door behind him. Hell, all hed wanted was to surprise her, to see that smile again. What had he done wrong? Jack wondered, but he didnt find any explanation. 
That incredible, sexy, luscious, funny, maddening woman was driving him out of his mind. Jack turned to go up to his room and found Mrs. Poole behind him. She looked ready to mother him and he groaned, knowing she wouldnt let him get away without saying her piece. 
Oh, Jack, dear. Shes in love with you, Mrs. Poole said quietly. She wiped her hands on the kitchen towel she held and shook her head at him. She has been for a while. Jack felt as if hed been punched in the gut. How had he not seen this?  How had everything been so turned upside down and backward?
Jack wheeled and went back out to the driveway and got in his car. Mrs. Pooles words echoed in his head as he drove down the drive and turned onto the road. His hands gripped the steering wheel, his knuckles whitened and his teeth clenched as he stewed over what Kelly had said to him. Jack couldnt understand why she would be angry that he asked her to stay. They were good together. Life was pretty darned close to perfect with the two of them together so why was she so eager to leave? And if Mrs. Poole was right, and she loved him, why would she want to leave?
As Jack drove, the anger gave way to confusion and then to fear. Does Kelly want to leave now? No, he couldnt believe that. She couldnt be faking what they had. But, what did they have he began to wonder as he drove toward New Haven. Was she right? Were they playing house?
Damn it, Jack thought as he struck the steering wheel with the heel of his hand, its not playing house when youre in love.
And then Jack realized the truth of it. He had fallen in love with Kelly somewhere in all of this. Once the realization hit him, it hit like a ton of bricks. He didnt want a year, or two years, or anything less than forever with Kelly. He wanted it all. Their love, a family together, eternity with her. 
And suddenly he understood why she couldnt accept anything less from him. If Kelly really was in love with him, she couldnt accept an extension on their time if he didnt love her. She needed to know that he loved her too. She needed to know that it was the beginning of forever, and that he wasnt playing house with her. 
But even if she loved him, would Kelly want more? She was going on to law school soon, and school and her career might not leave room for Jack. Jack wanted to drive right over to the clinic to see her and tell her he loved her. To find out if their love was enough to build a life together. He started to head that way when he hit New Haven, but stopped himself. 
Kelly hadnt wanted him to jump in and buy her a new car. She probably wouldnt appreciate him busting into the clinic and announcing his love in front of everyone. He slowed the car as he thought through his options. He would go to work himself and talk to her tonight. He could bring flowers, open a bottle of wine on the patio under the stars, and tell her how he felt. 
Jack wasnt a patient man, but he knew he needed to have patience here. It went against everything in his nature, but he made himself wait to see her. He needed to let Kelly calm down, and telling her how he felt and what he wanted, at home in private this evening, seemed the best option. 
The decision made, Jack turned his car toward his office and tried to forge on with the day  when all he really wanted was to have Kelly back in his arms and secure in his heart. 
***
Kelly sighed as she pulled into a space outside the clinic. She had to admit Jack had picked a really nice car for her. It was fun and fast, and it drove like a dream. But that was the problem. This was a dream, and she was going to wake up soon and then where would she be? 
She exited her new car and clicked the key fob to lock it. Jack also forgot the neighborhood I park in at the clinic, she thought, as she realized her new car stuck out and begged to be stripped as it sat there. With a roll of her eyes, she crossed the street to enter the clinic. 
Denise arrived as Kelly was walking in. Kelly held the door for her. Hi, Denise. Working the morning shift?
Yup. She smiled at Kelly. Til noon, like you.
Chapter Thirty-three
Chad knocked on Jacks office door and poked his head in. Hey Jack, your secretary isnt out there. You have a minute? I want to touch base about the tail on Kelly.
Sure, come on in, Jack said and waved his cousin into his office. 
So, what do you have? asked Jack as Chad came into the room and sat in one of the large leather armchairs facing his desk. 
Weve seen the tail on Kelly multiple times and occasionally on both of you when youre out for the evening. My guys have run the plates, but theyre expired and they rotate the plates frequently, so were sure the registrations have no connection to the driver of the car. That makes me think this is a professional, not some crazed ex-boyfriend or stalker type that doesnt know what theyre doing. We dont have an ID on the guy yet. 
I dont like the sound of that. Starting tomorrow, lets put someone with Kelly whenever she leaves the house. I want them to stay right with her. Ill talk to her about it tonight and let her know shell have someone with her until we figure this out. I dont care if it does scare the crap out of her, Im not taking chances at this point, Jack ordered.
You got it. Ill have someone meet her at the house in the morning, Chad said. 
Hey, Chad. Jack hesitated and ran his hand over the back of his neck. Do you think this could be your mom having Kelly followed? Investigated? he asked even though he didnt really want to bring up that possibility with Chad.
Chads eyebrows shot up. What? he said and he didnt try to hide his shock. What makes you think that? You cant be serious.
Well, I know your moms set on proving my marriage isnt real. Kellys theory all along has been that your mom hired a private investigator, and she wants to ignore the tail so that they can report back to your mom that she isnt seeing someone else or hiding anything. I dont know if she could be right or not. What do you think?
Jack, man, Im so sorry. I dont know why Mom thinks doing this to you is okay, but she seems to be getting worse. Chad looked deep in thought for a few minutes before he responded to Jacks question. 
She did say she wanted to try to show the board members your marriage was fake. I guess she couldve hired someone to try to find proof, Chad said, and he frowned at the thought that his mother would go that far.
Well, I guess that shouldnt be a surprise since shes moved in with us. She does seem to be taking this pretty far.
She did what? Chads eyebrows were practically off his head now. 
Jack laughed. She didnt tell you? I was going to ask you the night you offered her a lift home from the party. Shes been with us almost from the wedding. She made up some excuse about fixing up her kitchen and not being able to stay in her townhouse or with you because you had a friend visiting. Shes been living with us for over three weeks. I figured Id let her get it out of her system and shed give up.
Chad started to laugh. Sorry, Jack, I know its not funny, only, it kind of is. No wonder she said she didnt need a ride home from the party the other night. I wondered how she was getting home but didnt press it. I guess she was home! 
Chad sobered then. Oh God, Jack. Kelly must think our family is nuts. What did she have to say about all of this?
Jack joined Chad and laughed at the situation that now resembled a sitcom. How had his life become like this? 
Kellys been great about it. She barely batted an eye when your mom showed up. She didnt even object when she had to move into my room. Jack froze, realizing one second too late that he had let that little bit of information slip out. 
Damn, there was a time when I was on top of every fact, every angle of a deal, and I never would have let a detail like that slip. This thing with Kelly has me a hell of a lot more tied up in knots than I thought.
Wait. What? Chad wasnt laughing anymore either. He stared at his cousin. Jack?
Jack stood and moved to the front of his desk and leaned against it, legs crossed in front of him. All right, listen. If I tell you the truth, will you promise not to tell your mom yet? I need some time to convince Kelly to stay with me.
Oh, this I have to hear, said Chad, and he moved to Jacks couch and sat back with his feet up and his arms behind his head, ready for a good story.
Jack sighed and began. Well, the day you guys met Kelly when she came to my office? Chad nodded and Jack went on. That was the first time I met her too.
You met her that day! Chad said and laughed at the look on his cousins face. He could see Jack was miserable having to admit this, and he loved every minute that his cousin squirmed.
Jack shook his head. That minute. When she walked in and introduced herself to you guys? That was the first time I saw her, he said and he looked more than a little sheepish. 
Chad was now holding his stomach, he was laughing so hard. He sat up on the couch with his arms around his stomach, doubled over from the hilarity of Jacks situation. He seemed completely unable to talk and there were tears running down his face. 
I know, I know, Jack said. Laugh it up. Shes had me completely wrapped around her little finger since the day I set eyes on her.
Andrew poked his head in the door. Whats all the noise?
For some reason, Andrews presence only made Chad laugh harder, so Jack had to answer. Im telling Chad how Kelly and I met, he said wryly. 
Uh, the real story? Andrew asked, and he glanced over his shoulder to be sure no one had heard him, then came in and shut the door behind him. 
The whole nasty story, Jack said with a shake of his head.
So, he told you he thought maybe she was a call girl I hired for him? Or some random girl I picked up off the street? Andrew said to Chad as he poured each of them two fingers of scotch from the small bar in Jacks office. 
Oh, well, I guess not all of it, Jack said wryly as Chad fell off the couch, laughing on the way down. 
It took about ten minutes while Jack and Andrew drank and watched him, all the while grinning, but Chad finally got himself together enough to talk. 
So, what is she getting out of this? Chad asked as he wiped tears off his face. Jack explained how she had found out about the will from his temp assistant and about their trade: Three years of law school tuition for one year of marriage. 
Thats all she asked you for? Man, she could have taken you to the cleaners. Would have if she was anything like those vultures you usually date.
Jack nodded and laughed to himself. I gave her my credit card and told her she could use it for anything. I looked at the statement the other day. You wanna know what shes bought in all this time? He paused before he answered his own question. A dress for the cocktail party and shoes to go with it. No jewelry to match. Not two or three dresses in case she changed her mind the day of the party. What she needed and nothing more. Hell, I gave her a BMW today, and she was pissed. 
Andrew and Chad shook their heads. They had enough money themselves to understand where Jack was coming from. Women often preyed upon them for their money, their positions, their power  and were really interested in nothing more. Andrew had learned that lesson in a particularly painful way several years ago so Jack knew that Andrew, most of all of them, understood how important it was that Kelly didnt care about Jacks money.  Most women would have taken the credit card and run up a huge tab with no concern for the fact that it wasnt their money to spend. 
I still cant believe you got beat at your own game, Jack, Chad said as he shook his head. You always have all the dirt on your opponents so you can win any negotiation. Thats pretty amazing that she turned the tables on you like that. He stopped and looked at his drink for a minute, then shook his head with a grin. And that she had the guts to walk in here and pull that off. Man, that is one classy lady.
I know, Jack said. Now I need to convince her to stay with me.
Damn, she wants to leave you already? What happened to the deal? Andrew asked.
No, I dont mean that. Shes staying for the year, Jack said, but I want more. I want the real thing, a real marriage, kids, her. For the rest of my life. The whole thing.
Oh man, Chad said as he stared at Jack. You love her.
Jack looked down at his drink and nodded slowly. Yeah. I couldnt even admit it to myself at first, but I think I might have fallen in love with her that first day she walked in here, and it keeps growing every time Im with her. It grows when Im away from her too. The only problem is she has plansyou know? Things she wants to do, and I dont know if marriage fits in there. She has three years of law school, and that means going off for clerkships and internships and then long hours when she graduates to make her mark and build her own career. I dont know if theres room in there for me.
They all grew quiet for a very long moment, staring down at the amber liquid in their glasses and then quietly, Andrew chuckled. Oh, how the mighty have fallen, he said in a low voice. 
Chapter Thirty-four
Chad drove straight to Jacks house after leaving Andrew and Jack at the office. He pulled his Range Rover to the edge of the driveway and stepped out. Mrs. Poole answered when he rang the bell.
Hey, Mrs. Poole, Chad said as he dropped a peck on her cheek. She had been a fixture at Jacks for so long that both he and Jack had begun to treat her like an aunt more than an employee. Im here to see my mom.
Hi, dear. Im not sure where she is. Would you like me to find her for you? Mrs. Poole responded. 
No, Ill find her, thanks.
He wandered through the rooms looking for his mom, and found her sitting in Jacks living room reading the paper and drinking tea by the window. Mabry spotted him and silently put down her teacup. She set the paper aside before looking up at him. 
Her expression was like that of an insolent little child who knew she was about to be scolded, but she laid her hands in her lap and greeted her son, Hello, Chad. What brings you here in the middle of the day?
Chad shook his head at her. He was afraid to open his mouth for a moment. Not because he was afraid of what she might say or of what she might think, but because he was afraid he wouldnt be able to control himself. He had been holding back with his mom for so long, to try to protect her. There was so much built up in him, he was afraid it might all come spewing out in one fell swoop. 
Chad stood with his jaw clenched and his arms crossed as he waited for his mother to say something. Unfortunately for his mother, his patience had been honed in his years as an army ranger. There was no question who would win this standoff. 
Mabry broke quickly. Dont look at me like that. This marriage isnt real and you know it. I dont know where he got her from, but Kelly is a fake trophy wife to get Jack past the terms of the will. I need to show the board that.
Stop it, Mother, Chad spit out through clenched teeth, cutting her off mid sentence. Hed finally had enough of his mothers hate and anger affecting all of their lives. What youre doing is disgusting. Its embarrassing and hurtful and cruel. Did you know Jack has been protecting you this whole time? He stands up for you. He made sure that I didnt come in and intervene between him and you. He thought that would hurt you too much and he didnt want to see you hurt. His parents always stood up for you too, but youve lashed out at all of them, over and over.
Now that Chad had started, he couldnt stop. For Gods sake, Mom. Jacks dad was your brother, and for the last years of his life and the last years of his wifes life, you treated them like enemies.
Mabry had sat with a stunned look on the face for most of his tirade, but now she stood and lashed back. You dont know, she said slicing her hand through the air in front of her son as if to strike out at the words he had thrown between them. How dare you judge me? You dont know how it feels to have the person you love walk away as if you meant nothing. As if you were nothing. And then to have to watch them. To have to see how happy and perfect their family was.
Chad couldnt believe what he was hearing. He knew she was sick, but she was acting as if Jacks parents, or even Jack himself, had something to do with his dad leaving his mom. 
Mom, stop! He left you. And that sucks. I wish to God hed never hurt you. But youve let him turn you into this hateful person. Its turned you into a person I dont want to know anymore.
Chad saw his mom begin to falter, but he couldnt stop.
Frustrated, Chad rubbed a hand over his face. You need to stop this, Mom. Jack loves Kelly. Theyre married. Its over. But more importantly, you have to listen to me. I dont want to be the CEO of the company. I love you, but I also love what I do for a living. I need you to hear that, Mom. I need you to respect it. Respect me.
His mothers face fell. 
I love you, Mom, but I dont love what youve been doing lately, and I dont love the person youve become. You cant do this anymore. If you cant stop, youre going to lose me. I know youve been angry since Dad left and you took that anger out on Jacks parents, and lately on Jack. It needs to stop. He walked out, leaving Mabry alone again.
***
Mabry sank back into the armchair and sat quietly for a long time. She tried to feel indignant. Or angry. Or righteous. But she suddenly couldnt feel any of those things. As she replayed her sons words in her head, she knew he was right. Chad was right. When did I become this person? The changes in her had started when her husband walked out on her. 
As she sat there and thought about what Chad had said, Mabry realized she didnt like herself much either. Ten years later and she was still allowing him to hurt all of them, through her. Oh God, what power I gave him. I let him do so much more damage than he deserved to be able to inflict. 
 It was as if she was waking up from a deep sleep and was finally able to see what was truly happening around her. The tears began to fall, and she cried for a long time before pulling herself together.
Mabry was ashamed as she sat in Jack and Kellys living room thinking about what she had been doing. But she also knew she needed to go make it right. With a sigh, she pulled herself up and went up to her room. She packed up her bag and drove the half-hour to Jacks office to do just that. 
***
Jacks intercom buzzed, and his secretary announced that his Aunt Mabry wanted to see him. Jack groaned, wondering what on earth she had up her sleeve now. He didnt know how much more of her intrusion he could take, and he sure didnt want her to chase Kelly off. 
Send her in, he told his secretary as he closed the file he had been reading.
Mabry didnt come sweeping through the door with the grand presence she usually cultivated. Instead, she walked in as any normal person would. He looked at her for a minute and realized that, at that moment, she looked more like the aunt he remembered from his childhood. He had missed the way she used to be. 
Is everything okay, Aunt Mabry? Jack asked as he eyed her warily from behind his desk. 
No, Jack. Im afraid its not. I owe you and Kelly an apology, she said, and she let out a whoosh of breath with the confession. She looked down at her hands as she twisted them in her lap, and Jack saw tears welling up in her eyes. 
Im so ashamed, Jack. Ive been awful to you and Kelly and before that, to your parents. Tears began to fall down her cheeks and she swiped at them with the backs of her hands. Jack was stunned as he watched the transformation before him.
I dont know how things got this bad. Somehow, you went from being the nephew I loved to beingwell, I dont know, Jack. Theres nothing I can say to make this right. But, I can see that you and Kelly love each other, she continued and Jack burst with happiness inside when she spoke of Kellys love for him. Now he wanted to hear it from Kelly herself to be sure. He wanted to see if they could share a life together. 
Its all right, Aunt Mabry, he started to say, but she cut him off.
No, its not, Jack, she said firmly again, with a shake of her head. I know that now. I got so lost after Dan left me, and Ive been angry and hateful ever since. It was like a poison washing through me. And I let it change the way I saw everything and everyone around me. Chad tried to tell me so many times what he wants and I never listened. I never saw how much my hatred and anger was hurting all of you, because I never wanted to see it. 
I want my life back. I want my family back. Its too late with your mom and dad, and Ill never forgive myself for that  for how awful I was to them  but I still have you and Chad and now Kelly, and I dont want to lose you.
Jack watched her cautiously while she continued, I know itll take time to earn back your trust, and I wont ever be able to make everything up to you, but Im going to try. I packed my things and Im headed back over to my place. Ill get out of your hair so you and that sweet new wife of yours can enjoy yourselves without your old aunt getting in your way.  
Jack laughed and came around his desk to hug his aunt, and hoped that this truly was a genuine change for her and a chance for him to have his old aunt back.
But, I do expect invitations to dinner from time to time. And, Chad should come too. I dont see my own son often enough, Mabry insisted.
Does this mean youll call off your private investigator? Jack asked and he laughed, relieved to be able to put all of this behind them.
Mabry pulled out of his arms and looked at him quizzically. I didnt hire an investigator, Jack, she said. 
Chapter Thirty-five
Jack felt his blood run cold and the air being sucked from the room. He gripped his aunt by the shoulders. You didnt have Kelly followed, Aunt Mabry?
She shook her head, pain and fear as the situation dawned on her evident on her face. No, Jack. Oh my God. No, I didnt.
He grabbed his cell phone and dialed Kellys number, but it went straight to voicemail. Panic swept through him, but he pushed that down and tried to stay focused. She was probably busy at the clinic or out shopping and couldnt pick up the phone. He tossed the phone to his aunt. 
Keep hitting redial. Jack picked up his desk phone and dialed Chad.
Chad, I need you right away. Kellys in danger. He hung up and looked to his aunt who was repeatedly hitting redial. She shook her head at him  Kelly wasnt answering. 
While he waited for Chad, Jack called the legal aid clinic, all the while chanting in his head. Shes fine, shes fine, shes fine. They told him she had left an hour ago and they hadnt heard from her since. 
Chad arrived in Jacks office in a matter of seconds and Jack gave him an update. He looked somber as he dialed the man assigned to Kelly. Chad spoke briefly into the phone then hung up to update Jack.
She hasnt hit her panic button at all, but hes been parked on the street out front and he never saw her leave the clinic. Hes headed into the clinic right now to check it out. 
I called there. They said she left already, Jack said.
Let him check it out, see if he finds anything. In the meantime, let me get one of my tech people to your house to set up a trace, in case we get a call.
While Chad and Jack talked, Mabry stepped out the door and asked Jacks secretary to get Andrew right away. Minutes later, as Jack paced back and forth, knowing in his gut that Kelly was in danger because of him, Andrew slipped into the office and got a quick update from Chad. 
Jack was cursing himself for putting Kelly in danger because the only explanation now, if someone had herwas they were after his money. If he hadnt married her, she wouldnt have been a target connected to him; there would be no reason for anyone to take her. And, if he had taken this threat more seriously, like he should have in the beginning, she would have had a bodyguard right next to her instead of down the street. Jack wouldnt forgive himself if something happened to the woman he loved. 
Chads phone rang, and he answered it to get a report from his man in the field. His face was grim when he hung up the phone. 
He found Kellys purse in the dumpster at the back of the clinic, and her car is still parked out front. Her phone and alarm are still in her purse, Chad reported.
Then no GPS to track her, Jack added.
One of the staff at the clinic said that Kelly took the garbage out to the dumpster on her way out this afternoon, so she left by the back door. She should have walked down the alley and around to her car out front. It looks like someone grabbed her in the back alley. She probably didnt have time to go for her panic alarm, Chad continued.
Jack felt as if he had been shot in the gut. He should have increased her security as soon as Chad found out about the rotating license plates instead of waiting to talk to her tonight. He had just found Kelly. He couldnt lose her now when he finally knew what it was like to live your life with someone else, for someone else, instead of being alone. He couldnt imagine his world without her.
Chad continued to bark out assignments and took charge of the situation as his military training had taught him to do. Andrew, I want you to begin to liquidate assets and free up as much cash as you can, in case we get a ransom demand. Mom, contact Kellys family and get them over to Jacks house so we can have everyone in one place. Jacks secretary can get you in touch with a car service to get all of them, wherever they are. 
Jack, you head home now in case theres a ransom demand before I get there with tech support. Im going to check in with some contacts I have at the New Haven Police Department and FBI. Ill be a few minutes behind you.
They all turned and rushed out of the office to set up base at Jacks house. 
***
Kellys head was throbbing when she woke, and she felt nauseated and confused. She tried to shake the foggy feeling in her head and the cotton feeling in her mouth. Panic set in when she realized her hands and feet were bound with thick layers of duct tape, and she was in a room she didnt recognize. She felt as though a band was tightening over her chest, suffocating her, and she struggled to breathe as waves of panic swept over her and bile burned at the base of her throat.
She was lying on the floor in a typical bedroom, a bit small. It was daylight out. There was a twin-sized bed, and a torn-up upholstered chair in the corner, but that was it. The room was bare, other than those two pieces of furniture.
Kelly fought to pull details from her mind, grasping at threads of memory so thin they seemed to fall from her mind before she could see where they went. She closed her eyes and took a few deep breaths and pictured herself earlier in the day. It would have been noon when she was grabbed. She had left the clinic at noon.
She could remember walking out the back door of the clinic. Denise had asked her to take the trash to the dumpster on her way out, so she left through the back door even though her car was parked out front. Out front  where her security detail would have been. 
She struggled to remember, but felt like there were holes in her mind, like her brain wasnt quite functioning right. She could remember someone coming at her from behind as she walked out into the alley, then a strong, sweet smell filled her nose and overwhelmed her before she blacked out. Nothing about the memory seemed right, like trying to put together pieces of different puzzles. 
Tears were flowing freely now. Kelly could picture four men surrounding her, and she remembered seeing a van before she passed out. The men had worn masks.
Staying calm was no longer an option. Fresh waves of sheer terror bolted through Kellys body. She closed her eyes tight and tried desperately to calm herself, but she had never felt a level of dread and utter anguish like this. Her mind started running through all the ways that this could end, each image sending her into further panic until she felt as if she would choke on the fear. Then one image stopped her catapult into darkness. Jack. 
Jack taking her in his arms. Jack holding her, safe again. She didnt know if Jacks Aunt Mabry was responsible for this or not, but she knew one thing. Jack would find her. 
Kelly latched onto that image and tried to take deep breaths. You can do this. You need to stay calm and figure out how to get yourself out of here. 
She looked around and assessed the room. There were muffled voices outside the door to the room. It sounded as if all four of the men were out there, but she couldnt hear what they were saying. She did hear the sound of a television as it played in the next room. Kelly hoped that would mask any sound she made as she tried to move and release her bonds.
She stayed as quiet as she could so they didnt realize she was awake and studied her surroundings, trying to understand her circumstances. She was sitting on the floor with heavy layers of duct tape around her ankles and wrists. There was tape over her mouth too. Thankful that they had bound her hands in front of her body instead of behind her back, she found she could to use her hands a bit. She reached up with her hands and pressed her lips together to fight the urge to cry out, and pulled the tape from her mouth. She left the flap of it hanging from one corner so that she could put it back if they came in. 
Kelly began to take inventory of the room. Is there anything I can use to get out of here? Look around, Kelly. Focus. 
Swallowing another wave of panic, she saw how little furniture there was in the room, how hopeless her situation was. She again forced herself to take deep slow breaths. She needed to look out the window. 
Kelly lay down again and began to roll sideways, moving herself slowly and quietly toward the window. She was methodical in her movements to avoid making noise. She rolled up onto her knees, placed her bound hands onto the windowsill and levered herself up to look out the window. It had been nailed shut. 
She appeared to be up on the third floor of what looked like a small apartment building. She could tell because there was another, similar building across the street, and she wondered if she could signal anyone over there but didnt see any movement in the windows. It was hard to hold herself up at the window with her ankles bound so tightly, but she made a mental note to look out the window again every fifteen minutes to try to get someones attention. 
Kelly turned and sat on the floor, leaning her back against the wall. There were two other doors in the room in addition to the door leading to the voices. After resting for a few minutes, she rolled over to one of them. 
A closet. Empty. 
She rolled to the next door and opened it. A bathroom. It was as empty as the rest of the apartment. No shower curtain. No towels or bathmat. Kelly took a deep breath and rolled to her knees, put her hands onto the sink and pulled herself up. She hopped up onto her feet and bumped her lip on the corner of the sink. She swallowed the urge to yelp at the pain and shoved open the medicine cabinet above the sink. Empty. She reminded herself to be methodical, cautiousto think. 
She crouched back down and rested on her heels. Think, Kelly, think. That was her mantra now, to keep her focused and calm. She looked up at the sink. It could provide a long-shot possibility; there was no other way to get out. Kelly remembered watching a child safety video when she was little. Their parents played it for her and her sister and brothers all the time. It had this cheesy caped safety hero who taught safety for kids. She had a sudden memory of a scene in the movie. 
The sink. Turn on the taps and let the water run over to flood the apartment below. She thought about it for a minute. She would need to turn it on low so the men outside the door wouldnt hear the water running. And she had to fill the safety drain hole in the basin by the wall. Balled up toilet paper did the trick. She just hoped she had enough time for it to overflow if it poured at such a low rate  and that there was someone below to see it. 
She figured she could listen to the kidnappers and come turn the flow up, or try to break a window and call for help if she heard them leave the main area. That seemed like a long shot though, because there were four of them. It was unlikely they would all leave at once, so Kelly knew her best chance was to focus on silent ways to alert others of her location. The open sink faucet might be her only shot.
Kelly turned the tap on low and plugged the drain, then rolled back into the bedroom and lay down where they had left her. She put the tape back onto her mouth and closed her eyes, and tried to picture Jack. She squeezed her eyes shut as tightly as she could and blocked out the fear by picturing herself safely in Jacks arms. 
Chapter Thirty-six
Chad had set up shop in Jacks living room and he, Jack, and Andrew were working every angle possible to locate Kelly and get her back, but there were virtually no leads. Kellys family had been brought to the house and Mrs. Poole was doing all she could to comfort them but there was not much comfort for them  and there wouldnt be  until Kelly was found. Her mother was as white as a sheet, surrounded by her husband and children. She was as strong as Kelly and was holding herself together as they waited for news. 
Jack didnt think he had ever felt so afraid in his life. Or so angry. He had just found Kelly. They had just started their life together. He hadnt even told her he loved her or that he wanted their marriage to be real. He needed time with her. He needed her in his life. If he got his hands on the people whod taken her from him, he really believed he would rip them apart with his bare hands. It was a level of anger and hate he never imagined he could feel.
Chad got off the phone with one of his connections at the FBI. Jack, its not good news. This afternoon, four other women were grabbed, all within the span of three hours. Theyre all wealthy young women about Kellys age. The FBI have been called in to all of the other families homes. Since we havent officially reported Kellys disappearance yet, we can keep them out of it for now  if thats what you want to do.
Chad leveled a steady gaze at Jack as he delivered the blow. The FBI has seen this type of kidnapping in two other cities with the same M.O. in the last year. Human trafficking is likely the only reason to grab more than one woman at the same time. The FBI doesnt expect a ransom call but theyve set up traces at the other homes, just in case. Ive got Sam here and she can trace any call that comes in here if we get one, but my friend thinks whoever grabbed the women has plans for them. He paused, as if he were wishing he didnt have to say more.
Suddenly, Jack couldnt hear anything, couldnt see anything. He was completely and totally blinded by his rage and he felt a sickening desperation. He had to find Kelly and bring her back safely. Had never before literally tasted hate and fear on his tongue as he struggled to just breathe, to keep going. All he could do now was to keep going, to hold on. Hed keep going until he found her. 
The room was quiet for a few long seconds before Chad went on, the only sound was the wracking sobs of Kellys mom sitting on the couch. Her resolve had finally broken when she heard Chads words. Jack couldnt imagine the pain she felt at hearing that her daughter had been taken like this. He desperately wanted to take away that pain by bringing Kelly back to her mothers arms. 
The FBI will likely be here shortly, but the reality is, you have the right to refuse their assistance. I recommend we work on our own instead of with the FBI. If we work with them were constrained by the law. We have a better shot at getting Kelly back if we arent restricted. I can use my contacts to find out everything the FBI knows and what theyre doing to find Kelly, so we still get a lot of the benefit of working with them, but we can move outside the law if we need to.
Jack looked at Chad as an eerie calm moved through him and he silently vowed to get his wife back safely. Good. Thats what well do. Andrew, how much money have you liquidated so far?
Three million, but Chad and I each have another two million we can put in, and I can have another eight million by liquidating some of our investments by tomorrow morning at seven oclock. The rest is tied up, Andrew answered somberly.
Okay, Jack said as he turned back to Chad. Whats our next move?
Ive got Sam, one of my best hackers here already, Jack. Shes ready to trace any calls that come in. In the meantime, shes watching chat rooms and cyber boards for any info on the sale angle. As soon as we get any information, I have a team ready to move on it. Were also going to monitor incoming 911 calls to see if anything leads us to the location of the women. Its a long shot, but someone might call in something suspicious and well just check out any leads.
Jack nodded, accepting Chads plan. Even with all the financial resources and experts at his disposal, he felt helpless. And he didnt like that one bit.
***
Kelly watched the window as night fell. She had gone to check over and over, hoping to catch someones eye. She couldnt call out for fear it would cause the men to come in to stop her. If they came in and saw the water flowing in the bathroom, they would know what she was up to and then she would have nothing. The window was nailed shut, so no one would hear her screaming at the window anyway. She lay back down and tried to rest, to wait for whatever opportunity came next. She pictured Jack, and tried to run through every memory of every moment she could remember with him in an effort to still the fear that ran like ice through her veins. 
The door to the room opened suddenly, and Kelly couldnt stop the cry that worked its way out of her taped mouth as she faced one of the men that had grabbed her. He still wore his ski mask, so she took that as a good sign that her death wasnt a sure thing. If he wanted his identity hidden from her, there was still the possibility shed get out of this alive.
The kidnapper grabbed her by one elbow and hauled her roughly to her feet, then dragged her, stumbling along on numb legs behind him, out into the apartment. Kelly was stunned. Not only were the other three kidnappers standing in what appeared to be a vacant apartment, but four other women sat bound and gagged like her on the floor of the room.
Four sets of wide, terrified eyes looked at Kelly. As the kidnapper who had fetched her pushed her down to sit with the other women, another one grabbed the woman closest to the other side of the room and pulled her up. Kelly watched in confusion as he cut the tape binding her wrists and ankles and scooped up a red dress off the couch, throwing it at the woman. 
He shoved the woman with the dress ahead of him as they walked into what appeared to be a bathroom. When they came out several minutes later, the frightened woman was wearing the dress and they pushed her into a room down the hall. The men proceeded this way, through all of the women until it was Kellys turn. 
She was given a black dress and brought into the bathroom where the kidnapper leered at her as she changed into the dress. He pointed to the toilet and Kelly had the feeling that it was not optional. She was supposed to go to the bathroom and he was planning to watch. She had been holding her bladder for hours now, but she didnt actually know if she could get herself to go with this man watching her. She felt filthy standing there with his creepy eyes on her and she shivered as she lifted the skirt of the dress high enough to sit on the toilet and go.  
When she was done, the man pushed her down the hall and they entered another bedroom in the apartment. Kelly was told to lie down on a bed in the room and pictures were taken of her. She began to have a very bad feeling that she hadnt been taken for a ransom demand and this definitely didnt seem to be related to Aunt Mabrys vendetta against her. Porn? Could they be planning to make the women strip for porn shots to sell? Kellys mind raced as she tried to put the pieces together but with no food in her system and sheer terror racing like ice through her veins, her mind felt as if it were immersed in a fog and couldnt function right.
The women were brought back out to the living area to sit on the floor where their legs and arms were taped up again. At least, Kelly thought with relief, if they kept the women out here, there was less chance one of the kidnappers would spot the water flooding the bathroom in the other room. 
She closed her eyes, unable to face the panic in the eyes of the other women sitting around her and again, she tried to picture Jacks face, his arms around her, pulling her to safety. 
Chapter Thirty-seven
By eight oclock that night, no ransom call had come in. Sam had set up a computer to play 911 calls for Chad as they came into the system. Chad and the others sat for hours listening, searching for any hint of the kidnappers whereabouts, but so far there was nothing.  
 Searching for something to do, Jack turned to check with Andrew on the status of the money. 
Ive got ten lined up. I can get you about two million more from one of my accounts in the morning, and Chads money is being transferred over to your account now, Andrew answered. 
Jack held his friends eye for a moment, and both men knew there was no need to thank Andrew for the money. No way a thank you could, or would ever be enough. 
 Boss, Sam said to Chad. Chad paused the playback of the 911 calls and turned to Sam. Jack felt as if everyone in the room was moving in slow motion. He wanted to shake them, to scream and yell until they produced something to lead to Kelly, but he knew there was nothing more they could do. There wasnt a damn lead in sight. 
Sam spoke to Chad in a hushed voice, but they could all hear what she had to report. Ive got chatter on several sites. Five women for sale. Bidding starts tonight and ends in twenty-four hours. Its them. Theres a market for everything nowadays. Sometimes its virgins or teens. Theyre bragging that the women are high-class socialites who, um, need to be put in their place. Sam winced as she said this last part. They said they have powerful, well-connected families so the risk in grabbing them was high, and they want top dollar for them. I can try to get us into the bidding, but its by invitation only so Im not sure I can manage it in time. Her eyes skittered over to Jacks face as she talked, as if she wished she werent the one to have to report the news.
Jacks jaw clenched so tightly he thought his teeth would crack as he listened to Sam. He made eye contact with Kellys dad who tried to hold Kellys mom together. 
Chad nodded to Sam. Keep working on it.
He turned back to the computer and started up the 911 calls, and they all listened as calls came in reporting a lost child, kids tagging a building with graffiti, and a store alarm going off downtown. 
Chad cursed under his breath and Jacks shoulders dropped. He knew if they didnt find a lead, their only hope would be to get into the auction and buy Kelly back. Since Jack doubted the sellers let anyone in they hadnt dealt with in the past, it was a long shot at best, and he didnt like long shots. He liked stacking the deck in his favor and going into things with more than one plan up his sleeve. 
Suddenly, Kellys sister, Jessica jumped off the couch. Thats it! Thats her. Thats Kelly.
Everyone turned to her as they tried to understand what she was saying, what she meant. The water leak. The call that just came in about a water leak. The lady said there was a water leak from the third floor of her apartment building and that floor is empty, under construction. She couldnt reach the landlord, and the floor is locked so she cant get up there herself.
They all stared at Jessica, not able to understand how a water leak could mean Kelly was at that apartment building. 
Jessica gestured frantically at the computer in front of Chad. Thats Kelly. Mom, Dad, you guys used to play us that safety video when we were kids. She turned to her brothers now and urgently tried to get them to remember, to get everyone to understand that Kelly could have started the water leak. 
You guys remember it. The video with that safety guy wearing the cape. If youre being held on a floor above the first level in a hotel or apartment, you turn the water on to try to flood the lower floor and draw someone up to help you. Its her! Its got to be her! Jessica tried to get them to understand. 
Jack looked at Chad, and the two men nodded at each other. 
Well check it out. Jack said to Jesse. He gave a small nod to Kellys father, and then he and Chad left the room and ran out the door to Chads SUV. As Chad pulled from the driveway, he turned to Jack. Climb over the back seat and pull up the rug in the back. 
He waited while Jack climbed into the back and lifted   liftethe rug. See that ring? Pull up on it, he instructed and Jack pulled up on the ring in the floorboard of the vehicle. 
Youre a little scary, Chad. Im glad youre on my side, Jack said as he looked down into the hidden space. He pulled out two bulletproof vests, a handgun for each of them, and extra magazine clips. He put on the vest, loaded the handguns, and shoved extra ammo into his pockets. He held onto Chads stuff until they pulled over down the block from the location of the reported water leak. 
Chad eased the car to the side of the road and he and Jack got out. Chad took the vest and guns from Jack and put them on, then he checked his pockets for the extra clips. 
Listen, Jack. Even if we call the FBI right now, they cant get a warrant on the little bit of information we have, so theres no point in us calling them yet. Well go in and see if we can find anything. If it looks like theyre there, well call in the FBI for backup. If weve spotted the women, they wont need a warrant. 
Chad continued as he tossed Jack a windbreaker and baseball cap hed pulled out of the SUV and put a windbreaker on himself. Put this on to cover the vest in case they spot us coming into the building. Well go in casually as if were visiting someone in the building and get onto the third floor and see what we can find.
They walked toward the building and pushed buzzers on the first and second floors. Within minutes, someone had buzzed them into the building, and they headed for the staircase at the back of the hall. 
They climbed to the third floor and found the chain with a master lock on the stairwell door. The lock had been picked and the chain hung loose. They opened the door and could see drop cloths and saw horses from the construction cluttering the floor. It appeared that the construction was on hold as there wasnt a sign of workmen or any sound coming from the apartments as they walked down the hall. 
Jack and Chad walked quietly down the length of the hallway and listened for anything that might give them a clue as to the whereabouts of the women and the kidnappers. 
As they approached apartment 307, Jack jerked his head toward the door to indicate to Chad that he heard something. They stopped and listened closely, then nodded at one another. They heard men. Several men in the apartment talking in hushed voices. Jacks gut told him Kelly was also in there. 
They stood stock-still and listened intently for several minutes, and then looked at each other in silent communication as they backed out to the stairwell they had just come through. 
Once there, Chad spoke in a hushed voice. I count at least four in the room, maybe five. Since this floor should be empty, I can see if my friend at the FBI thinks this is enough to come in without a warrant. In reality, they have a complaint from the neighbor, so they should have a basis for at least sending a black-and-white to check out the complaint. I can probably get the FBI to escort that black-and-white. Not totally legit, but they may be able to get away with it.
I cant leave her in there, Chad. What if theyre. Jack couldnt voice his concern, but Chad knew what was running through his friends head. 
No, Jack. I know what youre thinking, but if theyre planning to sell the women, theyll have a hands-off policy. They need them healthy and uninjured. The women should be safe for the immediate future. We also want to consider everyones safety before we go in with that many men inside. If we go in without anyone here but us, we could get the women hurt instead of helping them. I know you want in there, but we have to be smart about this, cousin. Well wait here and make sure they dont leave with the women while we wait for backup, Chad reasoned.
Jack knew Chad was right, but it took all of his restraint to wait. He listened as Chad called his friend and relayed what they had found. He doubted the FBI would normally act under these circumstances, but Chads influence was coming into play with his longtime friend who had come to rely on Chads instincts when they had served in the military together; those instincts were well-honed and reliable. His friend was going out on a limb, but was confident Chad and Jack would have FBI backup in minutes.
Chad hung up the phone and turned to Jack. Eight minutes out. Lets sit tight so we have a better chance to get the women out safely, Jack. 
He clenched his teeth and fists. It took all his control not to run down that hall and bust down the door to get to Kelly, but he knew Chad was right. He knew they needed to be careful and smart to get Kelly out safely  and that meant waiting for the FBI in this instance. 
***
Kelly sat on the floor with the other women, arms and legs bound, hoping that the water seeping through the floorboards to the ceiling of the apartment below would draw enough attention to their location to bring help, or that Jack could somehow track her here before it was too late. It had been hours since the men took the pictures in the bedroom, and the women hadnt been moved. Several hours ago, Kelly had felt shooting pains in her legs but even those were gone now. She couldnt feel anything in them any longer, and she knew that even if she had the chance to run from her kidnappers, she wouldnt be physically capable of moving much at this point. 
The kidnappers had finally given the women bottled water to drink a few hours ago, but no food. They seemed to want them weak but unharmed so far. Kelly watched as the four men huddled around a computer and talked in hushed voices, and then she held her breath when one of the men went back into the bedroom that Kelly had been held in earlier in the day. Please, please, please. Dont find the water leak.
Kelly breathed a silent sigh of relief as the kidnapper turned to leave the room without entering the bathroom, but that relief was cut short as he froze mid-turn. Rather than walk to the door, he turned back toward the room and seemed to study the floor around the bathroom. Thats when Kelly saw it. The water was seeping out into the carpet around the bathroom doorway and had formed a darkened half-moon that gave away her secret. 
The kidnapper threw open the door and saw the flooded bathroom. He stared at it for a few minutes, and she heard him curse as he put it all together and realized what shed done. 
You bitch, he spit out as he flew out of the bedroom and hauled Kelly up by her bound wrists. He cracked her cheekbone with the back of his hand, sending pain shooting through her face and down her neck. Kelly fell backward onto the floor and crumpled in a heap as the pain throbbed in her cheek and tears sprang to her eyes.
The other three men whirled to face them, and the largest one immediately stopped the fist that was poised to come down on her again. 
Knock it off! We need her in good shape for the auction. No one will buy her if shes got bruises all over her. 
As Kelly heard the words, her brain struggled to process them, and she finally understood. The fear she had felt earlier was nothing compared to the gut-wrenching terror that washed through her and took hold now. She began to tremble uncontrollably, and the other women all began to struggle as their fate dawned on all of them. 
Shut up! The larger man yelled at the women before turning to the man who had hit Kelly. What the hell are you doing?
She flooded the bathroom. It will have gone through to the apartment below by now. Someone will come to investigate soon and this floor is supposed to be empty. She gave us up, the first kidnapper hissed in a voice that dripped with poison and made Kellys trembling worse.
The larger man appeared to be in charge. He began to bark orders to the other men while Kelly lay on the floor beneath them, frozen as she waited to see what they would do to her. 
You two, go get the van. We need to move the women now. Pull around to the back door and call up to us when youre ready. Well get the women prepped and when you let us know youre there, well bring them down one at a time. 
The men all began to move while Kelly processed what he had said. Theyre going to sell us. With that, she felt the bile rise in her throat and it took all her strength to choke it back down. Tears fell down her face freely now as the terror of what could lie ahead filled her thoughts, and she began to wonder if Jack would be able to find her in time. 
Chapter Thirty-eight
Jack and Chad huddled in the stairwell of the third floor and watched the door to the apartment while they waited for the FBI to arrive. Without warning, they heard a door open in the hallway. They pressed their backs up against the wall. Chad leaned forward and peeked through the narrow glass window in the stairwell door and saw two men coming toward them. He held two fingers up to Jack, who nodded and knelt down to cross under the window to the other side of the door. With Chad on one side of the door and Jack on the other, they could take the men down as soon as they entered the stairwell. 
The door opened, and Jack and Chad acted quickly. Each of them struck one of the two men. It was a quick, silent takedown and they had the men subdued in under a minute. Chad pulled zip ties out of his back pocket and they bound the mens hands behind their backs.  
Lets get them downstairs before they wake up. I dont have anything to cover their mouths, and the last thing we need is for them to alert the others, Chad said.
He and Jack hauled the men down the stairs by their shoulders, letting them thump, thump, thump down the stairs. Neither was careful with their cargo. 
When they got to the bottom, they could see several unmarked cars rolling to a stop down the street, and they watched as police officers and FBI agents crept silently toward the building and came to a stop outside the stairwell entrance. 
Chad looked at Jack and grinned. Cavalrys here.
Chad opened the door to the stairwell and waived the FBI in through the door. 
Theyre in apartment 307. We were waiting in the stairwell and these two came out. They were both armed. I estimate two more inside, but I cant be sure there arent more. Chad handed over the guns they had found when they disabled the two kidnappers, and briefed the FBI agents on the layout of the building and location of the apartment.
Jack and Chad fell back and grudgingly let the law enforcement officers take the lead  but Jack would be damned if he werent going to be right behind them. He followed silently up the stairs after them, driven by the intense need to have Kelly back in his arms safe and sound. 
With the FBI in the lead, the group crept silently down the hall toward the apartment. Four FBI agents framed the doorway. Two held flash grenades that would stun the kidnappers, while two more agents stood poised ready with a battering ram. Given the exigent circumstances, they could enter with force, without knocking. 
The lead agent nodded his head to the agents holding the small but powerful battering ram, and they swung the ram at the door and broke through with the first swing. The two agents to either side of the door quickly threw the flash grenades into the room, and the agents stormed through the chaos and took down the two additional kidnappers. 
***
As she began to give up and let despair creep around the edges of her brain, Kelly heard a frighteningly loud crash and watched as the door splintered off its hinges and flew into the apartment. There was a blinding light and a sound that took Kellys hearing completely away. For what seemed like hours  but was likely only seconds  the whole apartment was in chaos. 
Kellys sight came back before her hearing, and through the spots that floated in front of her eyes, she saw agents. Blue vests. Guns. 
Then Jack. Just Jack. Kelly broke, and the tears fell in an unstoppable current as Jacks arms encircled her, and she knew she was safe. 
He lifted and carried her, cradled in his arms, out of the chaos, down the stairs and out of the building. She couldnt hear Jack as she sobbed in his arms, but she felt his lips as he buried his face against her neck, moving over and over as he spoke to her, and she let herself sink into his arms while he carried her away from danger.  
 
Chapter Thirty-nine
Kelly was checked into Yale-New Haven Hospital where she was cleaned up, the bruises on her face and the abrasions on her wrists and ankles were treated, and she was monitored in case she went into shock. 
The FBI questioned her, but Jack didnt let that go on for too long before he insisted they postpone the rest of their questions for a day or so. He got his way. 
As soon as the FBI left, Kellys family and Mrs. Poole swarmed the room, while Chad, Andrew, and Aunt Mabry waited out in the hall for their turn. Kelly began to sob again when her mother wrapped her arms around her in the hospital bed, and she was once again overwhelmed by the emotions running through her. 
Kellys dad beamed with pride when he told Kelly how Jack had stopped at nothing to find her, and how Jessica had recognized the water-flooding trick from the safety video and told them Kelly would be in that apartment. She couldnt explain the strength of the connection she felt to her sister in that moment, when she knew that her actions had spoken to Jessica and brought her rescuers to her. 
Eventually, Jack made everyone leave so Kelly could rest. She felt loved, protected, and safe with him as he watched over her. He climbed onto the bed with her and cradled her in his arms as she slept. It was a restless sleep with nurses coming to check her pulse and heart rate throughout the night, but Kelly didnt care. All she wanted was Jack. 
***
Jack held Kelly as she slept. He felt the love in his heart for her grow stronger and bigger with each moment that passed. He saw their future together as he watched her sleep. A home, children, grandchildren  together. To come so close to losing her scared him to death. 
As he watched, Kellys eyes fluttered open with the rising sun. Then she turned to him and smiled, and that smile for him made him feel his heart would burst. 
Hi, Jack said quietly to her. 
Hi, she said back and rested her head on his chest silently for a few minutes. Then, I was so scared, Jack.
I know, sweetheart. Ive got you now, and I wont let anyone hurt you again. He held her tight and pressed his lips to her temple. Kelly? 
Yes, Jack?
Please dont ever leave me. I love you, Kelly. I love holding you. I love laughing with you and arguing with you and just plain being with you. I love the way you accept everything about me without trying to change me. I love making love to you and holding you when you sleep. And I dont ever want to give that up. Not in a year, or two years, or ever. When Im with you, I know I finally found the kind of love that my parents had  the kind of love that will last forever.
She gasped and raised her head to look at him with tear-filled eyes.
Will you marry me, Kelly? he asked. When she laughed, he added, For real, this time? Marry me?
Kelly laid her head back down on his chest and breathed easily for the first time in a long time. Yes, Jack. Ill marry you for real. 
Epilogue
Jack took Kelly home the following day, and over the next few weeks, they began the process of trying to put the turmoil of the kidnapping behind them. The kidnappers were arrested, and their testimony led back to the mastermind of the human trafficking ring and to Denise, who had set up Kelly by getting her to go out the back door where her security detail wouldnt know she was in trouble until it was too late to do anything about her disappearance. 
The group had struck previously in two other cities, and the FBI was working with the kidnappers  to have their sentences reduced if all ten of the other women whod already been sold could be located and returned home. Sam was working to help police locate and monitor the people who accessed the site where the women were sold in the auctions. A sting was being set up to arrest interested buyers.
Jack and Chad decided to find someone to provide temporary security for Kelly until she felt safe being on her own again, and she was going to take some self-defense lessons and see a therapist to help her regain her confidence. 
Kelly felt good that she had taken steps to help Jack and the police track her down, but she still felt vulnerable when she left the house, and she knew she couldnt live her life feeling that way. She needed to take back what those men had taken from her. She knew that Jack would help her do that. 
Jack and Kelly planned to renew their vows in a real wedding ceremony the day before they left on their three-week trip in August. Jennie and Jessica helped Kelly pick out the wedding dress of her dreams and pale violet bridesmaid dresses for them to wear. Chad and Andrew would stand with Jack as his groomsmen, and Aunt Mabry would sit behind Jack where his mother and father would have sat. Chad and Jack agreed; it was good to have Mabry  the old Mabry  back among them. 
Jack walked into the house and called out for Kelly and Mrs. Poole. He had come home early from work, something he had been doing a little more often since Kelly had come home from the hospital. Mrs. Poole came bustling in from the kitchen. 
Hi, Jack, she greeted him with her usual cheery smile. Shes sitting outside on the patio. She seems more relaxed today.
Thanks, Mrs. P. Whats for dinner? he asked as he kissed her on her cheek. 
Roasted chicken with new potatoes and carrots, Mrs. Poole answered as she swatted him away and shooed him in the direction of his wife. 
Jack watched Kelly for a few minutes as she sat in one of the Adirondack chairs on the patio. There was a book next to her but it sat on the table unopened, and he hoped she wasnt thinking about the kidnapping. He would do anything to take away those memories and help her heal. 
Jack thought back to his life before Kelly and wondered how it was that he hadnt known how empty his life was. He had no idea until she arrived that he was missing the fullness of a life with the one that he loved. As he crossed to her now, he thought of the completeness he felt with her by his side.
Hi, beautiful, he said as he came up behind her. He was happy to see that she didnt flinch when he spoke. He pressed a kiss to her lips and sat on the edge of her chair and looked into her eyes. 
What are you doing out here? Jack asked. 
She smiled at Jack. I was just looking at the lawn and thinking that this is a lawn that is calling out for children. Ill be busy with school for a few years, but I want us to have kids someday, she said as she looked out over the lawn. There should be children splashing in the pool and children running down to the beach. There should be a dog and a tree house. And a horseshoe pit. We should have horseshoes.
He grinned. Anything you want, sweetheart, as long as I have you. Anything you want, and he gathered his wife into his arms and swept her away into the fairy-tale land of kisses and passion once again. 
Thank you for reading! 

If you loved this book, be sure to look for Penalty Clause: Book Two in the Sutton Capital Series. Lori also has a sweeter series called the Evers, Texas Series. To read more of Loris books, visit her at www.LoriRyanRomance.com. 

Acknowledgements

Thank you to my wonderful husband for his patience and support. Thank you to Susan Smith for her endless brainstorming and reading, and to Cathy Cobb, Amy Glasgow, and Liz Burton for reading early drafts. Thank you to Patricia Thomas whose editing proved invaluable, and to Bev Harrison who helped me release an updated version of this book in 2013. Thank you to Patricia Parent, my final set of eyes, for cleaning up after me. Thank you to all of the friends and friends-of-friends who read the pre-release version for me. I owe you all so much.

About the author

Lori Ryan is a NY Times and USA Today bestselling author who writes contemporary romance with a twist of suspense. She lives with an extremely understanding husband, two wonderful children, two mostly-behaved dogs, and a lone little cat in Austin, Texas. Its a bit of a zoo, but she wouldnt change a thing.
Lori published her first novel in April of 2013 and has written three more books since then. Each of Loris books have made their way to the Amazon bestseller list and she quickly climbed the Amazon bestselling author list, as well. In November, 2013, Lori and a group of romantic suspense authors landed on the USA Today and NY Times bestseller lists with an anthology only eight months after the release of Loris first book. Lori loves to connect with her readers. Follow her on Facebook or Twitter or subscribe to her blog. Oh, and if youve read Loris books and loved them, please consider leaving a review with the retailer of your choice. Writers live and die by their reviews and Lori promises to do a happy dance around her office every time you write one! 





