A Devil in the Midst

A Collection of Stories


Nathaniel Fincham
Copyright  2014 Author Name
All rights reserved.


DEDICATION


	This collection of stories embodies quit a few years of blood, sweat, and tears at the hands of the fiction Gods.  The fiction Gods have not always been kind to me, but I have a handful of strong tales, or battle scars, to show from my decades of struggles.  Thank you to all that have stood behind me, even during the darkest days when I was ready to surrender and admit defeat.  I will fight on.  I hope those that I love will always fight at my side.  Thank you.  I love you all










	

Awake into a Dream


	Joseph Keppt was suddenly filled with a feeling of loss, which temporarily caused him to lose track of what he was doing.  He had to pause for a moment because the emotion was deep and unexpected.  Everything else sank and seemed to vanish into this newly opened and previously unseen abyss.
	Leaning back in his leather chair, Joseph tried to shake away the unexplained sadness.   He focused on the groan of the chair as it fought to hold him up.  The crick of the joints and the shudder of stretching leather were familiar sounds.
	The river of loss had no source from which to flow, Joseph knew.  He could build a damn but there was nothing to damn up.  He could not block a phantom stream.  Instead, Joseph chose to ignore.    
	Joseph loved his life.  Every thing about it.  And his brain had simply made a mistake.  Released the wrong chemical?  Misfired the wrong neuron?  He could not say.  But, whatever happened was a mistake.
	What was I about to do, Joseph asked himself.  
	Looking around his small home office, Joseph tried to get some ground beneath himself.  A desperate swim for dry land.  Familiar wooden walls enclosed him, connected to carpeted floor and dark ceiling; short leather sofa against the right wall; pictures within cedar frames, hanging from walls and sitting on a large, long computer desk; many strewed papers and folders and pens and highlighters, placed or tossed with a chaotic structure system; a computer, black to match ebony leather, was still on, its bright monitor screen filled with words.  Everything where Joseph had left it.  Safe.  Secure.
	Joseph remembered.  He recalled the previous step taken.  And knew the next step that he was about to take.  The trail was once again clear to him.
	The leather chair groaned as Joseph came forward, bringing his body close to the computer screen and keyboard.  Squinting, he read the words that filled the bright screen.   
	I had been writing, he reminded himself.  
	Joseph had begun working on his third novel, and was about to place the final paragraph of chapter eight.  Quickly skimming over the visible sentences, he attempted a reentry into the fictional world that he had been abruptly pulled away from.    
	This novel, his third, was very special to Joseph.  With the success of his first two works, The Uneven Sunlight and The Mouse in the Kitchen, Joseph had earned more freedom with this endeavor.  He was able to relax.  And possibly have a little artistic fun with it.  The pressure was still present, but it no longer felt as if two worlds, the real and the imaginary, was resting upon his shoulders.  
	Also, the beginnings of a new story always seemed to excite Joseph.  The exploration into a fresh and uncharted reality was electrifying, filling his mind with sensations unmatched by nearly everything.
	As he finished reading, Joseph was able to jump back on to his initial train of thought.  He began to type.  Tap.  Tap.  Tap.
	When Stan woke he immediately knew that the explosion had taken his leg.  	The absence was unmistakable.  But Stan did not rise in his bed in frantic search of 	his missing limb.   He rose, pain pulsing from his void, and began to scan the hospital 	room for Chrystal.  Was she there?  And when his eyes met hers, he knew.  
	The antique clock, behind Josephs head, began to chime, nine slow melodic pulses.  9 p.m.
	 I am suppose to do something at 9 oclock, Joseph told himself.  But what?  But what?  But what?  
	Kimberly.  
	Her bedtime story.
	Joseph glared at the new words for several seconds, before saving them to the hard drive.  He always hated walking away from an unfolding work, but he would happily do it for his daughter.  Besides, he had already been granted hours worth of work today.  
	For a moment, Joseph tried to think back.  How long had he been writing?  He wasnt sure.  He couldnt even remember exactly what time he had started.  Yet, he knew he had been working for a while.  He had eight finished chapters to prove it.  Which, he thought, was a good place to pause.
	Glancing at the title at the top left corner of the screen, Joseph murmured aloud, A Walk on Crystal, I shall return.
	Rising, Joseph briskly exited the office.	
	Kim was already comfortable, buried beneath her light blue comforter, her hair still wet from her pre-sleep bath.  
	You ready for bed, kiddo?  Joseph asked as he strolled into his daughters bedroom.
	Yep, Kimberly replied, smiling.
	Brush your face and wash your teeth?
	Kim giggled.  Brush my teeth and wash my face, silly.
	Joseph watched his daughter closely, each muscle as they flexed to form her gentle smile.  Innocence.  That was what Joseph saw when he looked at Kimberly.  And possibilities.  Like a blank page where anything could be written.
	Oh.  Okay.  Did you?
	Yep, Kim replied, squirming into a position deeper below her comforter.  Why am I going to bed so early and you and mom aint?
	You know you have to go to school tomorrow, kiddo, Joseph reminded his daughter.  
	I know.  But why?
	If you get up early and go to school every day, Joseph began, you will get real smart and then you can become a lawyer or doctor.
	  Really?
	Yep, Joseph replied.  And if you dont go to school everyday, the best job that you can hope for is becoming a circus midget.
	Kim giggled again.
	What if I dont want to be a doctor or lawyer? 
	You dont?  Joseph asked, with a curious tilt of his mouth.
	No, Kimberly replied.
	Really?
	Yeah, Kimberly replied.  I want to tell stories, like you, dad.
	You still have to go school to tell stories, Joseph informed her, sudden pride filling his face.  Every day.
	Really?
	Yep, Joseph said.  I went to school each and every day, whether I wanted to or not.  Joseph lied.
	You did?
	Yep, Joseph lied again.
	Okay.
	Okay, Joseph copied.  Now, until you are old enough to tuck me in and tell me a bedtime story, how about I continue the Tale of Kimberly, the Elvin Princess?
	Okay.
	Joseph waked over to the edge of Kims bed and sat down on the end.  Kimberly adjusted, giving her father room.  Leaning forward, Joseph clicked off the lamp on the small table.  The room and the air was suddenly engulfed by an empty black.  The dark immediately activated the sensor in a nearby nightlight, and the room and the air was brushed with a light red.
	A light red?
	When did I buy Kimberly a red nightlight?  Kimberlys nightlights have always been a faint yellow, Joseph told himself.  And yet, red.  A light red.  Nearly pink.  Maybe Catharine bought it?  Maybe?
	For another second, Joseph let himself ponder the existence of the red light, which abruptly reminded him of strawberries.  Strawberries?  
	Kim the Elvin Princess rode hard, Joseph said, beginning the story, trying to ignore the ghostly smell of fruit.  She drew closer and closer to the edge of the Black Forest.  Kim could see the Witchs Tower on the horizon, rising over the Wandering Trees.  Twisted.  Spiraling into the clouds.  Robert, the Gnome Prince was near, Kim knew in her heart.  She would rescue him from Gertrude the Green, and they would marry.  Like the oracle had predicted.  It was fate.  It was destiny.
	Joseph continued, listening to his daughters breaths becoming deeper and steadier with each word.  He spoke on, until the rough sound of her first snore.       	  
	Rising slowly, Joseph gently kissed Kimberlys forehead, trying not to wake her.  Love you kiddo, he whispered.  Forever and ever.
	As Joseph left the room, on his way back to his office, he noticed a slight glow coming from the master bedroom.  Instead of turning right, and heading back to his writing, Joseph turned left.
	Busted, Joseph exclaimed, leaning against the frame of the open doorway.  	Catharine looked up from the novel she was curled up with, the low lamp lit up her face, causing her green eyes to glimmer.  The cover of the paperback was fully exposed to Joseph, the muscular, bare-chested man peering out at him, giving him a sexy wink.
	This isnt what it looks like, Catharine replied, a small smirk perking her lips.
	The phantom loss touched Josephs neck hairs, and then retreated.
	How could you?  Joseph asked.  If my peers found out that my wife reads drug-store-romance-novels, I would be ruined.
	Honey, Catharine began, I can explain.
	I would be shunned from the literary community.  Black balled with any decent publisher.  The only thing I will be allowed to write is corny childrens novels.  Everyone Poops 2.  Joseph closed the door and began to slowly make his way toward the bed.
	Well, Catharine replied.  If you would perform your husbandly duties, then I would not have to read about it.  I bet you would make love to me if I was one of your novels.
	First you betray me professionally, Joseph began, coming a few steps closer.  Then you degrade me sexually?
	Pretty much.
	Joseph reached the bottom of their king-sized bed.  
	I have no choice then.
	Joseph crawled onto the bed.  With both hands, he felt his way along Catharines leg, which were covered by loose pajama bottoms.
	What are you doing?  Catharine followed the question with burst of laughter.  Cut it out!
	 I have to end you to save my dignity, Joseph replied.  Reaching Catharines midsection, he raised the bottom of her shirt to reveal her belly button.  I am sorry my love.  Putting his lips to her stomach, Joseph violently blew, making his lip and her skin vibrate.
	Catharine exploded.  Grabbing her husband, she guided his face to hers, until their lips met.  They made love fast then slow then fast again, never turning off the small lamp.  Every motion was like the steps of a well rehearsed dance, fluid and in sync with each other.  Years of practice and dedication had created the perfect rhythm.  
	Afterward, Joseph rolled over exhausted.  Sleep was coming, and he was happy to let it come.  He was not leaving, simply resting.  Everything and everyone he loved would still be here when he woke.  Safe and secure, Joseph dove into the void, doing a swan dive into sleep.      
	Joseph Keppt woke.  Before opening his eyes, he reached over to feel the warm skin of his wife.  He felt nothing but open air.  So he reached further, for Catharine, but still found nothing.  Why was she not there?  Only nothing next to him.  Why?
	With a jolt, Joseph rose up.  Every joint in his back and arms ached, as if the space between his bones had been filled with rough sand.  But he didnt care about the pain.  Was Catharine there?  Was she somewhere near? Was she?
	Catharine?
	As he rapidly peered around the small bedroom, he knew that she wasnt.  
	It felt as if his whole reality quivered, shivering with the chill of total confusion.  
	Searching the room around him, Joseph tried to find familiarity to support him, to give him solid ground.  But the room was not familiar.  This was not the same room that he had fallen asleep in.  An alien bedroom was now wrapped around Joseph.  And he was forced to remain free-floating in the chaos.	 
	A faint red light lit the base of the room, layering everything with the color of strawberries.  A simple wooden dresser sat against the wall to the left; a bathroom door was near to the dresser;  a black television came out from the wall, resting on a metal arm, a couple feet below the ceiling; a small wooden table was to the right, holding the company of one matching chair; a large off-white door took up the right corner of the wall.  
	The room felt empty.  Soulless.  Dead.
	Josephs heart sped up.  The speed increase made his chest hurt.    
	Catharine?  Even his own voice seemed different.  Full of grain.  Catharine?
	Joseph threw the thick blanket aside.  He saw that he was wearing blue plaid pajamas.  But I had fallen asleep naked.  Hadnt I?  
	Joseph pulled his legs completely out from the blanket.  And then he slid from the bed.  Quickly, he walked to the metal door.  He tried the knob.  It wouldnt turn.  Locked.  Had he turned hard enough?  He tried the knob again.  Still locked.
	  The door had a small window, shaped like a lopsided rectangle.  Joseph twisted his neck.  This way.  That way.  Trying to see through the tiny window.  A faint yellow light.  An empty white wall.  Nothing else could be seen.  
	Hello?  he began to yell.  Hello?
	He pounded his fist off the metal door.  It hurt.  He hit again.  Again.  And again.
	Is anyone out there?
	Joseph yelled.
	Can anyone hear me?
	Joseph pounded.
	Help me!
	Is all of this a dream?  A nightmare that I have awakened into?  Or have I died in my sleep?  Is this hell?  Imprisonment for all eternity?  No one I love with me?  No one I care about near me?  Alone?  Utterly?  That would be true damnation. 
	Someone moved passed the window.  It was a subtle motion but Joseph noticed it.  A shadow.  A figure.  He couldnt tell.  
	Help!  Help me!     
	Joseph took a step back.  Another step.  And another.
	From outside the door, Joseph heard a buzz.  Followed by the sound of the lock disengaging.  
	Joseph readied himself.  Planting his feet, he was prepared for whoever was to come into the room.  Friend or foe.
	The metal door slowly opened inward.  
	Josephs breathing increased, keeping pace with his heart.
	A short, middle aged woman entered.  Her shirt was colorful and her expression was that of shock and subtle confusion, Joseph assumed her face matched his own.
	Mr. Keppt?  She asked, masking her confusion with sincerity.  You shouldnt be up and about at this late of hour.  Let me help you back into bed.
	  Who are you?  Joseph asked, backing away as the woman approached.
	The woman paused, the mask partially slipping off.
	Who are you?  Where am I?
	Please, she replied.  It is late.  And you need your rest.  The woman managed to place a hand on Josephs arm.  Lets get you back into bed.  A good night sleep will be beautiful.
	Get your hands off me!  Using his palm, Joseph pushed the woman backward, nearly causing her stumble to the ground.
	Calm down, the woman replied.  There is no need to get angry.
	Where is Catharine!  Joseph screamed.  Where is my wife!?
	There is no need to scream, the woman replied.  Everything is all right.  Everything is okay.
	Nothing is okay, Joseph said, coming closer to the woman.  Where is my wife?  Where is my daughter?  What have you done to them?  Why are you keeping me here?  Where the hell is here?  I want answers!  Now!
	Calm down please.
	I will not.  Suddenly, Joseph sprang forward and shoved the woman again, causing her to lose her footing and fall into the wall.  The act was instinctual.  Upon seeing his own outburst of violence, Joseph ran.  Into the open bathroom, he hurried, slamming the door behind him.  
	Total blackness now hid him.
	What do you want from me?!  
	There was no answer.  
	What do you want!
	His voice became weak, desperate, scared.
	What do you want?
	The dark around Joseph refused to deteriorate.  At first, his eyes refused to filter it.  And the black remained impenetrable, empty, blank, like an ebony page, unused.  Instead of words, Joseph filled the void with images.  Catharines face.  Her body.  Naked.  As it had been when he last saw her.  Smooth skin.  Tanned.  Flawless.  Gone.
	Gone.  
	The loneliest word in the English language.
	Joseph could no longer feel Catharine near by.  Her scent had vanished.  The connection had been lost.  He could not feel her.  The absence was unmistakable.  
	Gone.
	Somewhere inside him the word rang true.
	Gone.
	Josephs eyes finally chose to focus the strawberry light along the bottom of the door, revealing shapes around him.  A toilet.  A sink.  A tub.  A mirror.
	Mr. Keppt, cried a male voice.  Mr. Keppt.  My name is Doctor Ramone.  I believe that I have some answers for you.  If you would please come out and join me out here.
	Joseph locked the door.
	No!
	What happened? Dr. Ramone asked the middle aged lady.  What triggered this?
	I dont know, the woman responded.
	Well, something did, Dr. Ramone replied. 
	Without noticing the motion, Joseph found himself sitting on the top of the toilet seat.  
	I know you must be frightened, Dr. Ramone spoke, turning his attention back to Joseph.  It is completely reasonable.  And understandable.  But, if you come out here, we can talk about it.  We can sit down, face to face, and I can try to explain everything.  Do you understand?  Mr. Keppt?  Mr. Keppt?  Do you understand what I am telling you?
	Where am I?  Joseph chose not to raise his voice this time, the fight was quickly draining from him, filling the toilet bowl beneath him.  
	Please come out of the bathroom, Joseph, Dr. Ramone tried one more time.  
	Where am I?  
	Joseph could feel the doctors frustration, like sound waves, pulsing through the walls.
	Blissful Wanderings, Dr. Ramone finally answered.  A resting home for
	Why?
	Why what?
	Why are you keeping me here?
	You are, Dr. Ramone began, very ill, Joseph.  We are not keeping you here.  You are a patient here.
	Youre lying.
	Its the truth, Dr. Ramone replied.  Please come out.  I dont want to tell this to the broad side of a door.
	You will tell me.  You will tell me.  Josephs hands began to quiver uncontrollably.
	Alzheimers.
	Alzheimers?
	For over 20 years, Dr. Ramone answered.  I cant explain what is going on right now.  You have been catatonic.  Barley responsive for almost a decade.  You havent spoken more than couple words in years.  And now.  This.
	Youre lying.
	  What is the last thing you remember?  Dr. Ramone ignored the accusation.
	My wife.  My daughter.  Being at home.  Writing.  Going to sleep in my own bed.  Strawberries.
	What year?
	2007.
	Silence.
	2007!
	Its 2038, Mr. Keppt, Dr. Ramone replied.  
	Again, without feeling the motion, Joseph found himself standing.  The small bathroom seemed smaller, claustrophobic.  If he had room, Joseph knew that he would pace, side to side, end to end.  
	2038?
	Impossible.
	Wasnt it?
	Mr. Keppt?  Dr. Ramone seemed anxious.  Did you hear what I said?
	Yes.  Joseph answered.  I dont believe you.
	I am not trying to deceive you in any way, Dr. Ramone began.  I know how it must sound.  I know how hard it must be to swallow.  But I insist that you try.  You are not yourself, right, Joseph.
	I am myself.  I know myself, Joseph replied.  And I know how to spot lies.  I know how to spot stories and fairy tales.  I write them for a living.  I create fiction, and I can smell fiction a mile short of Texas.  
	Just listen to me please, Dr. Ramone pleaded.  You are not well.  Your mind is not well.  You cannot trust yourself.  Do me a favor, Joseph.  Look in the mirror.  But brace yourself.
	Josephs entire body paused, blood and heart and breath.  No.  No.  No.
	Prove me wrong, Dr. Ramone insisted.   
	The mirror was two steps away.  Joseph inhaled.  One step.  And then exhaled.  Another step.  A dark shape met him there.  Barely a shadow.  Hunched.  Faded.
	Who is that?  Joseph asked himself.
	Turning at the hip, Joseph flipped the light switch.  And the florescent bulb flickered, flickered, before coming fully to life.  Suddenly, revealed by the bright, an old man, wrinkled and worn, glared back at Joseph from within the looking glass.  A stranger with a familiar face.   
	Joseph quickly closed his eyes.
	That is not me.
	Where is Catharine? Joseph asked the question again, still hoping for some sort of response.
	Your wife Dr. Ramone began.  Catharine passednearly 6 years ago.
	And my daughter?
	I dont know, Dr. Ramone replied.  We dont know.  No one has been able to contact her for several years.  She signed your care completely over to Blissful Wanderings, full decision making ability, and disappeared.
	Am I dead?  Joseph asked, squeezing his eyelids tighter, trying to feel the strain.  But the strain wasnt there.
	No, Joseph.  You are very much a live.
	Is this damnation?
	No.  This is illness.
	Is this even real?
	Yes.  Everything you are experience is 100 percent real.
	Am I dreaming still?  Have I not woken yet?
	Joseph opened his eyes.  The old man was still there.
	You are not me, Joseph told the old man, watching the old mans lips move in the same manner that his own had.  Was the old man mocking him?  
	What was that, Joseph?  Dr. Ramone asked.  I couldnt hear you.
	You are not me, Joseph repeated, watching the old mans eyebrows twitch.  Did mine twitch?  He was unsure. You are not me.
	Joseph watched the old man very closely.  He watched for differences.  Inconsistencies in movement.
	You are not me.  My wife is asleep next to me, her arm across my chest.  My daughter is in her bed down the hall, dreaming of fairy tales and horses.  My wife is not dead.  My daughter is not gone.  Not gone!
	The old mans nostrils flared.  My nose did not flare, Joseph told himself.  His flared.  But mine did not.  
	You are not me!  Folding his fingers, Joseph slammed the base of his two fists into the mirror.  He was shocked when they did not simply pass through.  Come out of there.  Take your life.  He struck the mirror again.  Fractures erupted and spread.  Pieces of glass began to rain into the sink.  But there was no pain.  Give me back mine.  Another hit.  And another.  No pain.  The pieces grew bigger, as did the drops of maroon blood.   
	The mirror now half existed.      
	Sleep to wake, Joseph thought, remembering the nightmares he had when he was a child.  He would run.  He would fight.  But the monsters never stopped, until he finally decided to give up, to fall down, to play dead.  That was when he would wake up.  Only then would the nightmare end.  	
	Taking a large sliver of broken glass, Joseph held it to his wrist.  Sleep unto death, and wake in to dream, Joseph said, quoting one of his favorite poems.  He then cut, making a deep slide from left to right.  He watched his skin split, but never felt it. Dream unto life, and sleep forever more.
	The bathroom spun.  The blood flowed.  And Joseph did not fight to remain conscious.  He would let sleep take him.  Hope made it easy.  Hope that this cold reality would no longer be.  In his bed, safe and secure, he would return.  
	Joseph allowed his body to fall to the tile.  The blood was like the light, peaking under the door.  
	What is going on Joseph?
	Red.  
	Are you all right in there?
	Strawberry.         	
	And the wedding was grand.  Everyone traveled far to attend, from elf to gnome to pixie to posie.   The sight of true love and destiny brought them all together.  As Kim and Robert kissed, their first kiss as husband and wife, there was no doubt that their ending would be happy, no matter which road they rode down next.  No evil witch nor troll king could separate them, love would always bring them back to each other.  The end.
	As Joseph finally finished his fairy tale, he became aware of Kimberlys deep, calm breathing.  He knew that he would have to finish it again tomorrow night.  But that was okay.  Joseph never minded a rewrite, stories only get better with time.  The more you come back to them, the more you can improve on earlier mistakes.  He only wished that life was that easy.
	Love ya, kiddo, Joseph said, slowly brushing Kimberlys forehead with his lips.  For ever and ever.
	Joseph gently rose, trying not to stir his daughters peace. Walking towards the door, heel to toe, trying to be silent, Joseph paused.  When did Kimberlys nightlight become red?  He wondered.  Did I buy that?  Or did Catharine?  It reminded him of something.  Not blood.  Not wine.  Strawberries        





Evolution, Inc.


		The subway train shot beneath the city like a shiny, elongated bullet, rubbing and vibrating against the thin metal rails.  It sped, twisting and turning throughout New Yorks underbelly, the old decaying tunnels beneath the flourishing capital of the world.  
	Markus Salinger often wondered about the subway system.  New York City seemed to be advancing at such a swift rate that everything was always newer and shinier every day, yet the subway tunnels looked as if they were about to crumble down around him.  Why didnt they get an upgrade?  With the sudden and unexpected popularity of monorails, why do subways even still exist?  Maybe some old ideas simply refused to die.
	The text of a science book, Angels and Atoms, filled a small computer screen, which extended from the arm of Markus wheelchair.  With his head tilted down toward the words, Markus read, trying to avoid any eye contact from other riders.  However, a voice sung out from above, making him peek.
	Evol
	The word Evol, in light blue, flowed through the flat television mounted above the nearby exit.  The word also filled the other screens throughout the subway car.  
	As the word faded, a woman with dark brown hair, curls falling to her shoulders, appeared on the screen wearing an all blue jumpsuit.  Her frame was petite and her buttermilk colored skin was flawless, as if fake.  She spoke, The next step in humanity has arrived.  Immortality is no longer myth or legend, but as real as your own mind.  Suddenly, the jumpsuit faded and the woman was left naked.  	Her skin reminded Markus of smooth rubber.  On July 4th, join us here at Evol and let us take that next step together.  Slowly her skin faded, leaving a metallic android.  And skin will no longer hold us in.  And death will no longer hold sway.  It is time to shed our dying and live forever.  The woman disappeared, leaving only the word Evol, and then that was also gone.
	Markus lowered his eyes again, but listened to the murmurs among some of the other passengers.  He heard someone snicker and curse.  He heard someone begin to pray to their God.  Both of which was growing abundant these days.  Then Markus heard something that he had not experienced much of these days.  Two seats down from Markus personal chair an elderly gentleman turned to his companion and whispered, God bless them.
	Amen, the lady replied.
	I only wish that all of this had come sooner, the man said.  I would be first in line, be damned.  Would not that be nice, dear?  Living together forever?  She simply nodded.  Today could be the day, you know.  I hope so.  Our time is almost up.
	Markus identification badge felt heavy in his shirt pocket.  He would hurry, he thought to himself.  Markus would hurry as if the lord himself had kicked him in the ass.  He would succeed too, not only for himself, but also for good people like the old gentleman and his lady.        
	The old man reminded Markus of someone.  His own grandfather.
	The birds leapt and pecked at the falling breadcrumbs, and George Salinger giggled at the flapping feathers.  Arent they beautiful, Markus?  George turned to his grandson and handed him a full piece of bread.  Break it up nice and small so that one bird wont hog the whole thing.
	Okay, Markus answered, fidgeting because the park bench was uncomfortable against his spine.  With his little fingers, Markus began to break up the dry, stale piece of bread.  Okay, he repeated, wanting nothing but to impress his grandfather with his bread-breaking skills.
	All of the lords special animals were given wings, George said.  You hearing me, Markus?  Wings.  That is how I know that humans are not Gods chosen, because we were never given wings.  Birds.  Insects.  Angels.  Not man.  Nope.
	Markus continued to squirm as the ache rolled up and down the center of his back. Ignoring the pain, he threw out the crumbs as far as he could and watched as the white birds attacked.  
	Birds.  Insects.  Angels.
	Not man, Markus added, his prepubescent voice cracking.
	Whats wrong?  George noticed that Markus was swaying against the park bench.  
	My back hurts, Markus replied.
	Again?  Youve been sitting her too long, is why, George told him.  Go play with the other children, over by the fountain.  I can watch you from here.  You do not need to keep an old man company.  Go.  Run.  Be active.	
	Markus decided to notice the other kids, three of them, running and playing around the giant tree made of white rocks.  Dusk was near and the low sunlight reflected across the water, which fell throughout the creases of the massive trunk, giving it the illusion of liquid fire.   
	Markus sluggishly agreed to join the other kids, but when he jumped from the bench his feet did not feel the ground.  His entire body toppled.  Markus cried out.  He immediately reached for his legs, but without sensations, Markus could not at once find them.   
	Pushing a button, Markus scrolled to the next page in Angels and Atoms, and came across a sentence that stood out among the other thousands of word combinations in the text.  He finished reading it, went back, and then reread the sentence a second time.  It was ironic that he would read this passage on this day.  
 	The sentence read:  If science and faith refuse to find a common ground and work together, humankind will never progress any further. 
	As Markus thought about what he had just read, the trains air brakes hissed, bringing the machine to a stop.  Fresh passengers entered and tired commuters exited.  Without completely raising his eyes, Markus watched a woman and her young son come aboard and sit directly across from Markus wheelchair slot.  He thought about nodding or smiling to them but didnt.
	Distant background noise suddenly became clear to Markus as CNN returned from a commercial break.  The voice of a female broadcaster caught his attention, Evol.  Susannah Prepon paused to shuffle her note cards.  The self proclaimed maker of miracles hope to accomplish their grandest miracle to date.  A miracle worthy of the almighty himself.  One that they simply call Angel.
	They will do this today.  July 4th.   A day known in history as the celebration of independence and freedom.  Is there symbolism in using this day?  One can only speculate.
	Another train stop came and went, doors opened and closed, but Markus kept his attention on the television.
	The mystery of the human brain has been solved, or so Evol claims, the woman continued.  And according to Evol, this long awaited triumph comes with an endless array of possibilities.  An end to disease.  An end to hunger.  Maybe even an end to death.  But how?
	And what exactly is Angel?  Apparently, according to an Evol spokesperson, the human mind works like an advanced computer, only specific to each every person.  But a computer nonetheless.   Like the data on your computer, everything in it that makes it unique can be transferred to another system.  And this idea is the foundation for Angel.  
	The Evol spokesperson refused to give any more details.  But through commercials, that have been running for several weeks, the idea is pretty obvious.  Humans could become robots. 
	One man refuses to stand by and let this happen.  
	A picture of Senator Long appeared in the corner, his dark eyes sitting behind thick-rimmed glasses.  
	Senator Arthur Long, the woman continued, is angry.  They are going to take away our flesh and replace it with metal.  They want us all to be robots, Long has been quoted as saying.
	Senator Long is an active leader of a growing movement known as Skin Against Metal, or S.A.M, who are, at the moment, continuing their stern protests outside of Evol Headquarters in New York.  Senator Long, a war veteran, has adamantly spoke out against Evol, and the use of cybernetics. 
	Senator Long promises that the protest will remain peaceful, but some worry that the growing tension and the growing number of members, which have rapidly increased over a short span of time, will erupt, very soon.
	Could the members of S.A.M. and the supporters of Evol ever find common ground or will this turn in to a bitter battle for years to come?  We will have to wait and see.  With these final words, a male newscaster entered the screen, and began to report on the peace treaty between China and North Korea, which did not interest Markus.
	Wait and see.  There was much to wait for and to see today, Markus was thinking, when suddenly he recognized the young man sitting across from him.  Markus knew the face.  But why?  When the young man returned Markus creepy stare, it came back to Markus.  The young mans right eye was a portion of a second slower than the other, and Markus knew it to be robotic. His real eye had been torn out by a Doberman.    
	Evol.  That was where Markus recognized the boy.  But did the boy recognize Markus?  Probably not.  Markus had handled the case from a distance, never meeting the young man face to face.
	Why did the boy continue to stare then, even after Markus had stopped?  Markus already had the answer.  The young man, like many others, was staring at the cripple, a broken man in a world where nothing seemed to remain broken for too long.  If a young man was made whole after an angry dog had taken his right eye, why couldnt Markus be made whole too? 
	What about robotics?  George Salinger tried to keep his voice stern as he asked Dr. Peterson the question.  I hear there are lots of improvements in the field.  Reconstruction.  Rebuilding.  Cybernetics.  Replacing bones and even organs.
	Dr. Peterson replied, True, cybernetics is rapidly growing, but I do not believe that that would be able to help your grandson, Mr. Salinger.
	Cant they rebuild or replace whatever is faulty?  If they can build an entire working arm for that Marine over in the desert, cant they rebuild or fix whatever is faulty?
	Markus sat next to his grandfather, taking in the conversation and the questions with only half attention.  It was difficult for him to focus when he was so dreadfully uncomfortable.  He tried to adjust his spine by fidgeting, but the warm pain remained. 
	His brain is faulty, Mr. Salinger, the doctor answered.  That is the major problem, here.  The brain is having problems sending and receiving signals with the body.  And the brain will eventually lose signal completely with certain parts of the body, like the legs, for example.  There is just no way for us to build or engineer parts of the brain.  It is too complex for any kind of machinery to replicate.  It cant be done right now, if it will ever be possible.
	George Salinger looked defeated.  Is there anything that we can do for him?
	The signals have begun to slowly deteriorate, Dr. Peterson said.  But it will take time for them to completely shut down.  The lack of sensation and movement ability that Markus is experiencing right now is temporary but will eventually become permanent.
	Okay.
	Dr. Peterson continued.  I know of a medication that might work at slowing down the deterioration.  That would be our best option, right now.  His body and his brain are having problems with their communication, Mr. Salinger, and this med will work as an intermediary, like a marriage counselor, or a preacher talking to God for his congregation.
	What about the pain?
	Markus seems to be feeling mild discomfort right now, Dr. Peterson began, but the pain will slowly intensify over the years.  The medication will not help with that pain.  We should start Markus on a pain management regiment as soon as possible.  We dont want to rely completely on drugs.  We are going to use other forms of pain management, as well. 
	Thank you, Dr. Peterson.
	Dont give up hope, Dr. Peterson said.  Evol is still considered to be a young pup and we are still growing, and miracles happen here everyday.          
	The lobby of Evol Headquarters was nearly empty, with only one female receptionist and two guards watching the several glass front doors.  Though empty, the main lobby was far from quiet.  The doors were not soundproof and the roar of the outside protestors traveled easily through the wide-open room; Markus felt the vibrations as he steered his chair in to the elevator. 
	Markus knew that the rest of the building would be nearly as empty.  Any employees not assigned to Angel were told to remain home.  The possibility of an aggravated outburst by the protests made it necessary that only the bare essential staff were here, and most were waiting for Markus on the 39th floor.
	Markus had come in to the building by way of the subway elevator, positioned on the side, away from the view of the protestors.   He had to use it because the front doors were to remain locked.  The subway entrance was rarely used, and Markus was not entirely sure why it even existed.  It required an I.D. card swipe, retina scan, and voice recognition to activate.  With all the precautions, Markus could not help but to feel a sense of impending doom, and it made him a little nervous.
	With the tiny joystick on the armrest, Markus turned his chair 180 degrees to face the elevators panel.  Doors close, he muttered, and once they had slid shut he reached in to the shirts front pocket for his I.D. card.   Suddenly his left arm began to tremble uncontrollably.  His spine and left forearm filled with liquid fire.  A harsh breath escaped him, while the pain continued to flow and burn him on the inside.  
	The tremble in his arm became a familiar convulsion.  Using his right arm, Markus clutched the other and forced it on to the armrest.  Quickly yet carefully, he managed to lock two straps across his left arm, keeping it secure.  
	Markus had taken his meds already.  It was too soon to take them again.  Opening a compartment in the top of the right armrest, Markus plucked out a vial tipped with a needle.  Looking at his still shaking arm, Markus knew that he would never hit a vein.  Taking several seconds to consider the options, the overwhelming pain made the choice for him.  Swiftly, he stabbed the needle in to the side of his neck and injected.  The drug was cold as it spread out, and doused the fire in seconds.  
	However, the shaking continued.  
	Swiping the I.D. card, mumbling, 38th floor, Markus got the elevator to move and he began to ascend the tower.     
	As Markus rolled from the elevator in to his lab, he noticed there were two groups of people waiting for him, the executive suits and the lab assistants, even merging them together would only make a small bundle.  Millions of lives might rest upon this test, Markus knew, but only a handful of people would actually see the test done.  He wondered if this was how it felt the day that they tested the first atomic bomb, quiet suits and assistants waiting around the mind-in-charge.
	Big day, Markus, CEO Stockholm said, his hair and his suit black.
	Markus ignored the words as he glided past the tie wearing men and woman.  He headed directly toward the row of windows behind his desk.  Through the tall windows, Markus looked out across a sea of people that hated him and hated what he was trying to, and he could not help but to hate them back.  
	The crowd had to be reaching close to a thousand or so.  They did not block the streets, but instead filled Fruition Garden, a strip of land across from Evol Headquarters.  Evol had bought the plot and tore down the abandoned hospital that sat upon it.  Over several months, Evol covered the seemingly useless piece of dirt with soil and flowers and trees and sculptures of animals and people.  At the center of this beautiful garden was a giant marble fountain in the shape of the Tree of Life, streams of water flowing out from within the bark.  Markus loved to sit and stare at the garden.  He was reminded of childhood times with his grandfather.  Now the garden may be forever tainted.
 	Along the far side were the city police officers, standing in a bent line at the edge of the crowd.  They were dressed in full riot gear.  A precaution, Markus assumed.  But their presence at Kent State University might have started as a simple precaution as well.  
	Markus glared at the massive crowd.  He was looking for a podium or a stage, any place from which Senator Long might speak.  Senator Long would speak.  Markus knew that.  
	Giving up the search, Markus reached with his steady arm and slid the window open.  A roar flooded in to the once sound proofed room.  I want to hear them, Markus stated.  I want to hear them all.
	Markus once again wheeled past the suits, this time going to a large computer terminal.  His assistants remained motionless, simply watching.  Everything was already prepared, awaiting Markus to finish.  They were merely present in case something went wrong.
	Your arm, Mr. Salinger, assistant Ross pointed out.  
	Markus shook his head.  
	Touching the computer screen with his steady finger, Markus activated it.  	He muttered, Open Markus Salinger Mental Scan.  A virtual file appeared and then opened, spilling out images.  At the top left corner was Markus, his full body profile slowly spinning.  Next to his profile was a digital brain, spotted by blues and reds.  Across the bottom, waves flowed from left to right.  All of this was Markus, not the skin but the presence.  Every neuron and cell and connection and misfire that was Markus Salinger had been mapped, scanned, and downloaded in to this computer, faulty wiring not included.  
	Before Markus could continue, a voice boomed from outside.  They want us to shed our skin, Senator Long began.  They want us to give up the very gift that God has given us.  Our flesh.  They say that they can make us live a longer time, possibly forever, no more sickness or need of murder.  No more souls?  They say that we are nothing but firing neurons.  Are our souls nothing but neurons?  No.  Our souls are more.  Our souls are our one true link to God above.  And they are treating it as just another computer glitch, which can be reformatted.  Who do they think they are?  Are they God?
	No, a thousand mouths replied.
	Activate Angle One Program, Markus shouted.          
	Soldier refuses cybernetic legs, a voice said from the television, causing Markus to halt his pen tip and look up from his desk.  As usual, CNN was on the television, mainly for background noise.  Markus knew the voice to be Alan Cummings.  Colonel Arthur Long, a soldier with United States Army, and his unit was ambushed by a group of hostiles during a daily patrol yesterday.  After nearly an hour of exchanging bullets, Colonel Long managed to fix a broken radio and call for reinforcements.  But while reinforcements were in route, an explosion hit Colonel Long, damaging both of his legs, to the point that they had to be taken.  
	Being a decorated soldier wounded in the line of duty, the government was willing to pay the bill on a pair of cybernetic limbs for the Colonel.  The legs would work and feel like his own legs, along with the sensation of touch and pain.  But Colonel Long turned the offer down.
	Markus hand tensed and his grip tightened around the blue pen.  
	When asked why, Colonel Long had this to say
	Colonel Long appeared before a camera, It is Gods will that I lost my legs.  I dont feel that is my right to try to replace them with metal ones, even if that means that I have to spend the rest of my life in a chair.  That is Gods will.
	Gods will?  Markus grew angry.  He looked around his tiny office, remembering why he was here at Evol and all that he wished to accomplish.  The hard work.  Two college degrees.  The debt.  Who does this man think he is?  How could any man turn down the chance to walk, the chance to run along side everyone else?  Markus pointlessly hurled the pen at the television screen and watched it harmlessly bounce off.     
	Markus returned to consciousness and was immediately confused.  He didnt remember falling asleep.  He was lying on something hard, possibly metal, and it was giving him sensations in his spine, but for the first time in many years it wasnt discomfort.  It wasnt pain.  It was some other kind of sensation.  He couldnt place the feeling.  It was different.
	Another set of sensations called for Markus attention, not because they were different, but because they should not exist at all.  He could feel his legs, both of them. 
	Opening his eyes, Markus was bombarded by light, which was overwhelming for a second, but quickly focused.  Rising to sit, Markus turned to let his feet touch the floor.  The floor held a chill, the most wonderful chill that he had ever felt.  
	Markus was in his own lab, he knew that much.  At once Markus saw himself, still in the wheelchair, and starring back.  There were others in the room as well, also staring.  For a moment, he was startled, but then he realized what must have been taking place.  
	Markus was now Angel.
	Angel saw that he was naked except for a pair of loose white briefs.  He admired himself.  He was perfect.  Every inch of his new skin was flawless.  This was him now, he knew.  And he loved the idea.
	The roar continued to pulse throughout the room, and Angel, after removing a view wires that were stuck to his shaved skull, went to the open window to peer down upon them.  He ignored the CEO, who tried to speak to him.  Angel was only interested in the protestors.  He could see them clearly, every head, every hair, each and every smirk, as if they were inches away.  
	Angel could also hear them individually, instead of in an overwhelming bundle.  He could especially hear Senator Long, who continued to preach.  Angel isolated the voice.  He might be able to follow it.  
	Without warning, Angel leapt from the window.  He allowed the Earth to pull him, but only briefly.  The fall was incredible.  Angel felt the rushing air brush every inch of his skin.  Pleasure signals sped throughout his body.  But the exhilaration of the plunge was short lived.  Angels wings opened.  He felt the feathers grab the air.  
	The sky was a clear blue.  A nice day for a flight.
	Following the voice of Senator Long, Angel flew toward a short podium sitting beside the marble fountain.  Angle could clearly see Long, in his permanent sitting position, gripping the microphone as if he was speaking to the entire world.  In some way, he was.
	One by one people in the crowd began to notice Angel.  Their alerted heads rose in massive wave.
	They have done it!  Senator Long screamed in to the microphone.  They have dethroned God!  They have damned us all!
	Swiftly the crowd imploded.  The police had no choice but to respond.  Angel was stunned at how immediately the violence came.  Why couldnt they understand?  Didnt they see the perfection?  
	Something went wrong.  Both of his legs began to twitch and then shake, before going completely numb.  No, Angel grunted.  His brain had been scanned, but the underlying problem, the one that Markus had been convinced had been left behind with the flesh, still existed.  It had been more deeply rooted than Markus had realized.  
	Angel cursed and damned his creator.   
	His right wing went limp, sending him spiraling toward the crowd.  He fought, left wing flapping crazily, but he landed nonetheless.  
	The crowd of suits turned to Markus to shake their heads.  They had watched the rise and the fall from their tower.  
	Angle Onefailure, Markus told the computer.  The screen was already filling with data thrown back to them from the fallen Angel.  What had been the mistake?  Markus would know soon, and soon he could fix it to move on to Angel Two.  It took God six steps to make the world; maybe it would only take Markus two steps to change it.    
	 








A Devil in the Midst

	
	Vincent is silly, Pau.  He misses you too. I know it. He sleeps all day long.  I feed him his favorite treats and everything.  But he still wont play catch or anything.  Mom said that he is heartbroken, whatever that means.  You get my camel yet
	I dont think you should wake him, Paul, Tori called from the kitchen, insisting, but Paul was already slowly approaching the closed bedroom door.  A half-full milk carton in her hand, Tori waved it back and forth to emphasize her point, He cried himself to sleep, again.  Poor guy.  She put the milk back into the fridge without pouring a single drop.  
	That is why I need to do this, Paul replied.  He tried to keep his tone a couple notches below his normal inside voice.  I have to make this right.  To him at least.  Tori swiftly turned her face away and Paul immediately felt a sting, the same sting that Tori must have been given by the words that Paul said.  You know what I mean.
	I knowPaul, Tori replied, taking the milk back out of the fridge.  It was a direct opposite of her ebony skin, as was Pauls own milky skin.  But he always loved the contrast.  The challenges of making the opposites work.  Paul enjoyed challenges.  Getting Tori to love him had been one.  And the fact that Tori had a little boy had been the biggest challenge of his life.  He became a boyfriend and a father figure at the same instant.  But Caleb was beautiful and simple.  Paul presently had another challenge in front of him, though, one seemingly impossible.  He had to reassure a 7-year-old boy that he would be coming back, even though there was a good chance he wasnt going to.
	Paul took a deep inhale and wished he didnt have to let the air go.  Reluctantly, he released the breath and gently knocked on Calebs door.  Caleb?  Are you awake?
	Arent you gone yet?  The words hurt, but they were of anger and of love.  
	Can I come in?  Paul was turning the knob before the question fully left him.  I need to talk to you, buddy.  Sticking his head through a newly form crack, Paul added, Its important.  It is guy stuff.  That is why your mother is hiding in the kitchen.  She is afraid of guy stuff.  Paul tried to smile.
	I guess, Caleb mumbled.  Make it quick.  I have school tomorrow and need my beauty sleep.  
	The dark room was beginning to focus and Paul could finally make out Calebs small form lying on his bed.  Paul started a step forward, but then paused and said, I almost forgot.  I have a friend out here that wants to partake in some guy stuff too.  He is a guy, so it should be alright.  Right?
	Caleb perked up.  Who is out there?
	Can he come in too?
	Caleb quickly nodded.
	Pushing the door fully open, Paul let go of the blue leash he had been tightly grasping.  Vincent rushed toward the bed, his black fur nearly blending with the air of the dark bedroom.  Putting his two front paws onto the top of the bed, Vincent began to viciously lick any part of Caleb that was uncovered.
	Caleb giggled happily.  It was the most perfect sound.  For 3 days Paul had hoped to see or hear happiness from the little boy.
	Paul found his way to the side of the bed, standing directly behind the spunky black mutt.  Would you like Vincent to stay with you for a while?
	You mean it?
	I want him to be here so that he can protect you, look out for you, Paul began, at least until I can come back and take over again.  How does that sound?  Caleb?  Sound like a plan?
	Caleb took his attention away from Vincent to ask, Are you ever coming back, Paul?  The hurt made his voice quiver.    
	Of course, Paul assured Caleb.  No matter where I go, I will always come back.  I promise.
	Paul?  Caleb perked up again as he fought away the oncoming tears.  Rubbing the tip of Vincents right ear, Caleb asked, Will you bring me back a camel?
	Paul laughed out loud.  I will see what I can do, buddy.
	Pastor Jared asked about you the other day.  He wanted to know if you were keeping the sand out of your butt crack.  It was so funny.  You should have seen his face.  It got so red. You would have loved it
	The small church was bright and the air was filled with the deep voice of Pastor Jared, his fabulous tenor tone vibrating through the speakers as he spoke into the black microphone.  And in the end, in the end, Jesus walked out of that dessert pure and still without sin.  He had looked Satan square in the eye and saidNO THANK YOU.  He would not sin.  He would not be seduced by evil.  He would not serve in Hell.  He would rule in Heaven, without regret, side by side with the almighty.  He denounced the temptation of Satan and left the desert far behind him.  All I can say is Amen to that.  Do you agree with that statement?  Sweat was rolling down the Pastors forehead and puddling along his neck, just above the spot of white on his color.
	Amen!  The congregation rang out.  Robinson shouted the word loudly, picturing what it would be like to be tempted in the desert.  Satan seems to rule in such lands as those, dry and without mercy.  Amen, Robinson repeated in a small breath.  
	Robinson slipped his arm in and wrapped it around the back of Tori, who was sitting next to him, with Caleb on her lap.  Her purple dress made her dark skin look like smooth caramel.  Like a little gentleman, Caleb was very handsome in his dress pants and tie.  Leaning over, he dabbed both of them on the sides of their faces with his lips.    He was kissing two angels, those who will keep him pure in the desert.  I love you guys.
	Tori glanced over at Robinson and smirked, I love you too.
	Pay attention, Caleb ordered with a whisper.  Im trying to praise Jesus here and you two are too loud.
	Sorry, sweetheart, Tori replied.  
	Robinson smiled.  Moments like that were what he would take with him into the desert, and they would help him fight the devils that he would surely encounter there.  There will be devils in the desert, in many forms, right in the midst of the war, ready to corrupt and conquer those who fight.  They would make the pure twist themselves into demons in order to win the fight.  Not him, Robinson swore.  It would not happen to him.
	At this time I would like everyone to bow their heads, Pastor Jared requested, so that we can say a prayer for Private Robinson and his family.  Private Robinson is being sent to the belly of the beast over in Afghanistan, where the war against terror rages strong.  The times will be harsh and death will be apparent everywhere, along with the dirty deeds that men are capable of.  Him and his family, his girlfriend Tori and her son Caleb, will need Gods love to endure such a hard time.  All together now, let us pray.
	Everyone lowered their eyes.
	Dear Lord, Pastor Jared began, we are sending another one of our own to fight in your name.  He fights evil for you, Oh Lord, and we would like to ask one thing from you.  Please, Lord, keep this good man safe so that he can return to his loved ones, whole and pure in heart.  He will fight for you, tooth and nail, please, Lord keep him in your favor and fight for him as he fights for you.  In your name we pray, Amen.
	Amen!
	Amen, Robinson whispered.      	    
	I know that you dont want me to say this to you, Paul, and my words might be falling on deaf earsbutdont be a hero over there.  Keep your head down and come back in one solid piece.  This war has been going on for a long time and will go on long after you are dead of old age.  Come back to me, Paul.  That is all that I am asking of you
	Private Robinson listened closely to the recorded words.  The memories attached to them could not be stopped, not even by the strongest and tallest damn built.  They were too strong a river and the fear was too sharp a force and his life had nothing better to do than flash before Robinsons eyes.  Tori. Caleb.  Their voice reached out to him from thousands of miles away.  Even so, through the tiny recording device that Robinson had hid in his flack pocket, they were both beside him.
	Another loud explosion erupted outside, shaking the walls of the rickety house in which Robinson sat.  He kept his back in a corner so that he could see the entire living room and kitchen of the house.  No one was going to sneak up on him.  
A thin candle flickered, casting dancing shadows which swayed around a long couch and short table.  The house was silent, but Robinson was ready to react to any person who might enter, friend or foe.
	The hole in the bottom corner of his gut was still pouring blood, even after Robinson forcibly removed the piece of shrapnel and patched it with the few bandages he had stashed on him.  White cloths soaked up as much liquid as they could hold but it wouldnt take long for them to reach their limits.  He needed help.
	A jolt of pain shot from the wound, causing Robinsons vision to sway like the candle and shadows.  His ears range, and for a brief moment Robinson swore he heard deep laughing all around him.  Shaking it off, Robinson grabbed his M-9 pistol and eased himself to his feet.
	Robinson placed himself along the side of a window, directly out of view.  Groupings of gunfire could still be heard beyond the walls of the house, seemingly coming from every side of the building.  Slowly, Robinson peeked through the corner of the window, just enough to get an idea of what was going on outside, along with where the other soldiers in his unit were.  
	Darkness and outlines and an occasional flash of a weapon were all that Robinson could make out.  Robinson recognized the Humvee, which remained several feet beyond the window, destroyed and useless.  Robinson hoped that Pattern, Danny, and Sergeant Roberts had gotten out too.  They had had little warning.  Only seconds to react.  Damn, he whispered, and the vibration of the word made his gun curse back at him.  Robinson fought off a dizzy spell and tried to focus his eyes.  
	I love you, baby
	He thought about trying the comm. again but knew there would be a lot of static, like there was the first and second time he tried.  It had been broken during the explosion that shredded the armored Humvee.
Finally taking the earphone away, Robinson tucked the white device back into a pocket.  The recording had come in the mail a week ago, filled with messages for him.  It was the greatest thing that the mail had ever delivered to him.  The device, though, should have never left base, but Robinson had the urge to sneak it, never honestly believing he would risk listening to it.  It helped just having it near.
	Robinson strained his eyes so that he might be able see motion in the darkness.  He wished that he had something that could see through the dense night, like night vision goggles.  Only high ranking officers got things like that.  Because of the never ending Depression, all Robinson was armed with were weapons that have been obsolete since 2012.  He was given ancient tools to fight an ancient war.  Irony was a bitch.
	Terrorist sects had better funding than the United States Military, which might be why the war on terror will never end, not the way that Americans want it to anyway.
	Footsteps.  From somewhere in the house.  Running.
	Robinson turned in time see a figure enter the kitchen through a side door, one that Robinson himself had not even noticed.  The click clack of a weapon was easy to spot, and Robinson dove toward the side of the couch to avoid its wrath.  
	As the wood of the wall became shredded by bullets, Robinson threw up his pistol and blind fired in the direction of the shooter.  After 4 shots the spring jammed and the pistol became useless.  But the cry and the wet thud told Robinson that he had hit his target at least once.  
	Leading with the pistol, as if it were still deadly, Robinson stood up and slowly approached a gasping enemy.  Rounding the couch, Robinson saw the enemy very clearly. Dying on his side.  A young boy.  Barely a teenager.  Light brown skin.  A little lighter than Calebs.  Robinson had hit him in the chest and the right side of the face, and with his remaining eye the young boy stared viciously at Robinson.  No.  Not at Robinson.  But past him.  The boy was glaring so hard that Robinson turned, thinking there might be someone behind him.  There wasnt.  Only dancing shadows.
	As the boys breathing quickened toward death, Robinson knelt to one knee so that he may pray for him.  But the words were never uttered.  They were cut short by shuffling feet and the creaking of an opening door.  Click clack.  Click clack.  Swiftly dropping his spent M-9, Robinson snatched the AK-90 from the dying boy.  
	The attacker was too close too fast and Robinson was unable to swing the rifle and fire.  With a lunge, Robinson swung and connected the side of the rifle with the face of the attacker.  The attacker stumbled and Robinson struck again.  The swing hit, but Robinson lost his footing in the blood of the dying boy and tumbled forward, losing his grip of the gun during the motion.  Robinson shifted his weight and aimed his falling body at the attacker, hoping to catch the person off guard.  
	Landing on the attackers legs, Robinson immediately punched him twice in the groin, taking away whatever fight the person might have had left.  Crawling and then straddling, Robinson looked into the face of the attacker as he began to choke the life from him.  A middle aged man.  Stubbled face.  Grey hair.  The boys father, obviously.  The one who had taught the young boy how to loathe.  The person who had taught him how to kill.  Tightening the grip of both his hands, Robinson watched as the man thrashed and struggled until there was no more hatred left for him to struggle with.
	Quickly getting up, Robinson took the AK-90 from the dead man along with the clip from the dead boys gun.  He then ran through the door they had both came in through, hurriedly fleeing before someone else decided to arrive.   
	The door ended up being a back exit, putting Robinson back out into the night, onto a small narrow street that appeared to be empty.  Once outside, Robinson tensed and quickly scanned the street, looking up and down, back and forth, using the barrel of the AK-90 as a finger.  There was no motion that Robinson noticed, but the obtuse night could be hiding anything.  Even Satan himself.
	A sharp thunder banged, followed by a ball of fire rising over a distant building.  Robinson then heard a massive onslaught of machine gun fire somewhere close.  Even though it was empty, the street was far from safe. 
	Trying to keep his body moving, Robinson headed toward the nearest corner of the building.  But before he managed a single step, his body jolted and then numbed, and Robinson sank heavily to his knees.  He refused to cry out.  
	Vertigo took away his center of gravity and Robinson thought he was flying to Heaven.  Glancing to his backside, Robinson searched for outstretched white wings, but only found a pale naked figure lurking closely, staring curiously at Robinson.  The figure flickered and then was gone.  It was never there.  It was never there, Robinson assured himself.  
	Gravity would not hold him, Robinson swore before pushing himself back to his feet.  Instantly, the rifle was back up and Robinson was moving forward, toward and around the corner of the building.
	Immediately Robinson came upon 2 figures, whispering in what seemed like gibberish to an untrained ear.  Before they could call out for help, Robinson fired shots into both of the mens midsections, dropping them neatly.  Rushing by, Robinson put another pair of shots into their foreheads and then moved on.  
	Returning to the main street, where his group had been brutally ambushed, Robinson halted and remained partially contained within the alley.  The night would hide him for once.  Suddenly a flare was shot and spread into the sky, lighting up the massacre before him.  The thick cloak of darkness was so much better, because the light often revealed wicked truths.
	There will be evil, Brother Robinson, all around you, naked and thriving on darkness.  Stay true to what you believe is right and the devils cant touch you.  Do the good work and you will always find a way home
	Soldiers were dead, blown to nothing but bits of flesh and blood.  Their bodies were contorted, frozen in their final fury and fear.  Robinson lost his breath as he looked upon his dead friends, but was quickly filled with rage.  Was there anyone from his unit still alive besides himself?  There was fighting going on in the distance, Robinson could hear it.
Why him?  Of all those in his unit why did he survive?  Luck.  Anyone who survived combat owed it to luck and nothing more.  Not God, because the Lord would never chose one man over many to survive.  Would he?
	10 feet away Robinson saw Pattern; his dark skin reflected the red glow of the falling flare.  Pattern twitched. Or did he?  Robinson wasnt sure if it was a trick of light but it appeared that Pattern might be breathing, alive.  Robinson tried to peer closer as the light from the flair began to fade.  And then Pattern turned his head as if to glance in Robinson direction, as if asking Robinson for help.
	Trying not to think, Robinson checked his flack and helmet and rifle, making sure everything was ready before he scanned the immediate area and then darted toward Pattern.  His rifle never went down and his eyes took in everything at once.  He was well aware how stupid the rush was, but he couldnt let Pattern die too, not if he could save him. It was that good work he always heard about.
	Muzzle flash from a roof.  Bullets whizzed by his face as Robinson turned and fired in return.  Pieces of the roofs ledge shattered forcing the shooter to back away for cover.  
Robinson hurried, trying to jog faster, but his gut throbbed and vomit was near to his throat.  
A pair of gunmen ran into the street from an alleyway.  Robinson was quick to spread a straight line of bullets across the 2 men, sending them sprawling to the ground, but not before one of them got a shot off.  Robinson felt the sting of metal entering his hip, just below the flack.  He stumbled but continued on.
Reaching Pattern, Robinson could see that he was definitely living, barely.  The rooftop shooter once again sent bullets whizzing by Robinson.  Snatching the last grenade that Patter had on his flack, Robinson launched it up and onto the roof.  It exploded, but Robinson didnt wait to see if the threat was gone.
Grabbing Patterns jacket, Robinson began to drag the large man back towards the alleyway he had come out of.  Pattern was heavy and Robinson was hurting but adrenaline made anything possible.
Once they were beyond the alley entrance Robinsons legs gave and he tumbled to the ground.  Crawling, he got his body back over to Pattern, searching frantically for a working comm.  Hang in there, big guy, Robinson told Pattern.  I can be your angel.  Big white ass angel.  
Pattern spoke but Robinson had to lean in to hear it. They tricked you, Soldier.
And then Robinson saw the light, flashing like a beacon of death.  Away he tried to scramble but the detonation was too soon to completely escape from.  Flesh and hair struck Robinson from behind, and flying bone forced itself into any unprotected surface.  He went down hard at the center of the alley.
The air was filled with static.  Robinson looked up and tried to make sense of the world.  A pale and naked figure was coming down the alley toward him, moving with smoothness of a snake.  There was a smirk on the mans face.  He was enjoying Robinsons humiliated fate. 
 As the figure drew closer, Robinson could see speckles of blood all over the mans skin.  Stooping down, the naked man got nose to nose with Robinson and began to laugh.  Hysterically.  But also with slight frustration.  No matter how close he got, the pale man never touched Robinson and Robinson was thankful.      
And then Robinson faded to black, hoping for a white light.
There will be evil, Brother Robinson, all around you, naked and thriving on darkness.  Stay true to what you believe is right and the devils cant touch you.  Do the good work and you will always find a way home








Be Still


It had been a couple of weeks since Aaron allowed himself to enter the master bedroom.  He chose to sleep, eat, and survive at the other end of the house.  Upon pulling the door slowly open, stale air escaped in a subtle puff, hollow and lifeless, as if Aaron was opening a long sealed tomb.  
	Aaron was not surprised that he remembered everything about the enclosed space, every piece of furniture and exactly how they were placed, each shadow and where they fell and when they moved, and each specific smell.  The room had remained with him, like a permanent blue-print etched in his mind.  
	For several minutes Aaron stood in the doorway, questioning whether to enter or flee.  It would be like stepping in to the past, but not in to one specific moment or year.  Instead, he would cross the threshold and return to an era.  The Era of Caitlin.  And the happiness and motion that filled and moved that time.  He would be reminded, fully.  But he would not be able to stay there, no matter how hard he tried.  The act of returning would only make the loss seem more real, his breath more still, and leaving would be that more painful. 
	And, with that knowledge, he entered.
	He sat on the floor with his back against the messy bed.  The blankets and sheets had not been touched or tucked since.  And Aaron could still smell the vanilla. Lying his head back against the edge of the bed, he inhaled the vanilla.
	Vanilla had woken Aaron.  Sex the previous night was deep and his sleep afterward had been just as deep and comfortable.  The feeling of Caitlins body, her soft skin, had followed him in to his dreams, making them full of silk and satin.  Her vanilla lotion had also crept in, luring him from his sleep, guiding him back to consciousness.
	Its 10 after 6, Caitlin told him, standing in the bathroom doorway, gently rubbing lotion on her arms.  I will wake you in 20 minutes if you want to snooze a little bit longer.  The bathroom light outlined her form, giving the illusion of an angel in the doorway.
	How did you sleep? Aaron found himself asking, perhaps because he had slept so well.  Rising slightly, he added, Because I slept like a cloud.
	Oh really?  Caitlins voice was light as song.  Maybe we will just have to do it again tonight  Quickly, she added, Because I am still ovulating.  Next time might be the charm.
	For Aaron, the stoic and metaphoric feelings were gone, swept away, replaced by the mechanical images of ovulation and baby making; the body machine in all its robotic splendor.
	Dr. Riley would love to here Caitlin talk like that though, full of hope instead of beating herself up week after week.  The baby will come, the doctor would often repeat to her again and again.  The future will be born.  
	Dr. Riley sat still, stiller than any living being should be able to.  Perhaps he was waiting for Caitlins reaction, waiting for his words to sink all the way down.  But for several seconds Caitlin simply returned his stare, unwilling to move before he did.  
	There are options, Dr. Riley finally said.   
	Like what?
	Fertility therapy, Dr. Riley began, would be the first thing to try.  I want you to know immediately that the chances for success are always low but success does happen, if you truly believe and have hope.  Let me explain all the details, and if you choose it I would like to move forward as soon as possible.
	Aaron simply sat back, watching his wife as her dreams of having children seemed to be slipping away.  But Caitlin did not cry.  She sat up.  She listened.  And she choose to move forward, wherever the motion might take her.  And he sat back and watched, wondering if it was possible for him to do the same.
	The ceiling fan above them twirled slowly, attempting to move the thick atmosphere around.  Around.  And around.  The ceiling fan pulled in the smoke from Aarons cigarette, capturing and sending it out toward the four walls like the funnel cloud of a hurricane.   With a wet, filtered butt hanging from the corner of his mouth, loosely clenched by two lips, Aaron scribbled a couple more words, etching them upon the opened notebook tilting on top of his right leg.  
	Poetic words taunted him, briefly showing themselves before dancing away within the rising smoke.  Deep and metaphoric thoughts were always difficult for Aaron to capture and manipulate.  He struggled through his high school English classes, surviving on simple, short sentences and blue collar ideas.  Caitlin was the poet.  Not him.  Caitlin loved poems.  And Aaron loved Caitlin.
	and death.  Aaron jotted.  But what rhymed with death?  What?
	Growing frustrated again, Aaron ripped the partially used piece of paper from its spine.  He quickly crumpled the paper into a small ball and tossed it with the his earlier attempts.  The dead ideas gathering around him, forming a chaotic circular graveyard of poetry, with him as the central reaper.
	Damn it, Aaron exhaled before flicking the pillar of ash from the tip of his cigarette into the plastic blue ashtray.  I hear you, Caitlin.  I am trying to speak back.  I swear.
	Aaron placed three pairs of candles around the room, on top of the dresser, on the bedside stand, and on the entertainment stand beneath the dusty television.  The dancing flames filled the dark air with a soft glow, giving Aaron enough light to see the paper.  The moving shadows matched his mind, dim and distant.  Every adult family member or friend dressed in brown or dark blues, saving their good black garments for the funeral, while the children played with smiles in their Sunday best, oblivious to the weight of death.  And after nearly an hour of shaking hands and nodding heads, Aaron finally found himself alone with his wife. 
	The casket was closed.  
	Bowing his head and folding his hands, Aaron became very still.  Closing his eyes, Aaron could feel the movement of those around him, continuing with their conversations, smiles, and replies.  But inside himself every thing had grown calm, leaving barely a breath, barely a heartbeat to feel.
	No tears would flow.
	Caitlin spoke from the coffin, her voice from a far way, The tears will come, my darling.  Give it time.
	Aaron knew the voice wasnt real.  No ghost or phantom or angel.  Caitlin spoke from within him.  Her voice was engraved so deeply within Aaron that she was able to vocalize his thoughts and fears, and do it in a way that soothed the situation.  Caitlins voice simply made everything better.  When she spoke to him, it all made sense.  And he needed that.  Even with her body gone, Aaron needed Caitlins voice.  Or else he was truly alone and lost.
	Excuse me, someone said from behind him.  May I help you, sir? 
	Shes my wife, Aaron replied without turning from the tiny window.  
	The female voice behind him replied, Your not supposed to be back here, sir.  A doctor will talk to you once your wife is out of surgery.  Please, go back into the waiting room and have a seat.  Sir?
	A seat?  Aaron replied, turning to the dark skinned nurse.  How the hell am I suppose to be still while my wife is in there dying.  How?  I cant sit.  I cant be still while she fights for her life.
	The nurse wanted to reply, but chose not to.  
	Alarms and buzzers began to scream, and Aaron immediately found himself running forward, through the door way and into the operating room.  The bright florescent lights engulfed him, and the alarms and buzzers continued to scream.
	Ring.  Ring.  Ring.  
	The phone rang, first from far away, through Aarons skull and in to his dreams.  Aaron followed the fifth ring back into consciousness.  At once he noticed the absence of Caitlin.  She must have stayed at her mothers, Aaron told himself.  It was supposed to snow pretty something awful.
	Aaron had spent all day searching for a new job.  He had been laid off from the Steel Mill last week, and finding another job was taking a lot out of him.  He had fallen asleep before 9 oclock, tired and frustrated.  
	The clock next to the phone read 10:03 p.m. in large red numbers.
	Caitlin? he managed to groan, half expected to hear the voice of his wife, telling him that she was safe and loved him and would see him in the morning. 
	Mr. Spendor? came a question from the darkness.  The voice was not from Caitlin.  Caitlin did not have gravel in her throat.  Mr.  Aaron Spendor?
	Yes, Aaron replied.  The dead ringing still echoed in his ears.
	Im calling from Trumbull Memorial Hospital, the voice answered.  There has been a car accident, Mr. Spendor.  Your wife, her mother, along with a woman in another vehicle were involved in a collision.
	Are they there?  
	They are in route now, the voice said.  We would like you to come to the hospital, right away.  We should know more by the time you get here.
	Aaron did not answer, but instead hung up the phone, the dead ringing still in his ears.
	Aaron spun his wedding ring around and around his finger, fighting to focus his thoughts in to something meaningful.
	and then deathwith nothing left
	The gold of the wedding ring was a subtle yellow, but turned in to a sunny presence when light struck it at an angle.  Yellow.  Like a halo.  Yellow.  Like the small post-it stuck to Aarons right leg.  
	Aaron took another hit from his cigarette and stared blankly at the motionless pen resting on top of the motionless words.  Replacing the burning butt back onto the ashtray, Aaron ran his hand through the ragged red hair on his head and then rubbed his fingers across stubble of hair on his chin.  
	The words will flow, Caitlin told him.  They will come like a river, sweetheart.
	Aaron looked down at the yellow post-it.
	I dont know if I can.  I want to speak back but I dont know if I can, Aaron replied to the empty bedroom.  He read over the words, brushing through each line of the short poem.  It was written for him.  But when?  And why hadnt he seen it before?
	Where the hell did you come from? Aaron asked the small piece of yellow paper stuck to his wifes mirror.  He stood there confused, unsure whether to look away or to even move.  Would the yellow paper vanish if he were not looking directly at it?  Caitlin?  Is this you?  
	Youre dead, sweetheart, Aaron told the piece of paper.  Youve been dead a year.
	I am still, Caitlin replied.
	The door was still nearby, Aaron told himself.  He could run.  He could close the door and reseal the tomb.  Lock it.  Forever.
	Finally allowing himself motion, Aaron snatched the post-it from the mirror.  And he continued the motion throughout the rest of the bedroom, turning it from a slow caution to dramatic frenzy.  From the lampshade.  From the headboard.  From the wall.  Aaron seized each and every little post-it that he found.  And then did the same to the next room and the next room, until he had them all, every one in the entire house.  
	You died yesterday, Aaron said through short breaths.  Your poems are dead too. 
	I am still, Caitlin replied.
	Aaron closed his eyes.  With his eyes still closed, he listened for Caitlins voice, humming or singing in the bathroom or the kitchen.  But there was only silence.   What time was it?  Aaron could feel the weight of the day already heavy into the late morning.
	Caitlin!?  
	No answer.
	Forcing his eyelids upward, Aaron was struck by a bright light.  Both curtains were drawn completely open, letting in the Saturday rays.  Instantly he turned away from it, pondering whether to rise or fall.  
	Caitlin!?
	No answer.
	Aaron turned on his back to admire the ceiling.  Looking toward the white plaster, he noticed a sticky yellow paper stuck to the headboard.  Conjuring a chuckle, Aaron pulled himself on to an elbow.  Pulling his face in close, he read it twice.  
	rise and greetwith battered feeta great daywith sun to play
	Aaron could smell his cigarettes, even though they were within a pack across the room.  Normally he would yell for Caitlin, ask her to bring him his morning cigarette, so that he could have the nicotine needed to start the day.  But she had gone.  He would take a few puffs before crawling out of bed.  He would lie back and think, watching the smoke rise from the tip of ash.  The smoke began to rise faster toward the ceiling fan.  Instead remaining a straight stream, the smoke began to spiral slightly.   Aaron watched the smoke spiral, like his life spiraled, around Caitlins death.
	Caitlins final poem, sticking to his leg, echoed in his mind.
	memories are worldswhere lost loves survivethey go not unto deathbut into reminiscing
	Aaron had never read the words until this day, which was exactly one year since Caitlins death.  Had the words come from her?  From death?  Or were the words written by a man broken, fractured from loss that he created the poem himself, the same way he creates her voice in his head?  Because he cant let go.  Because he cant break free?
	I am still here, Caitlin whispered.  I love you.
	What do you think baby?  Aaron asked Caitlin, pointing to the long single-floor house.  Its light blue.
	My favorite, Caitlin replied.  Can we afford it, sweetheart?
	Let me worry about that, Aaron replied.  Do you want it?  That is all I need to know.
	I dont know, Caitlin said.
	Do you like it?  Be honest.
	I love it, Caitlin replied.
	Do you want it?
	Of course, she answered.
	Then, Aaron began, honey, from now on this is your house.
	Our house, Caitlin corrected.
	Our home.
	Well, then, she began, lets sign the papers quickly so that we can start making babies and filling the bedrooms with munchkins.  Caitlin kissed Aaron with intensity.  Pointing at the home, I am ready to bless our new temple, my dear.  If you know what I mean.  
	Aaron distinguished his cigarette before sparking another one.
	The pile of bills sat on the table like a snow covered mound, with Aaron looming over the peak.   Desperately he punched the buttons of a small calculator, trying to find the right combination, trying to find the right numbers to scale the mountain of debt before him.  But Aaron didnt have enough numbers to work with.  More money was going out than was coming in; a fact he couldnt escape.  Yet, he banged the buttons again, trying to twist simple addition and subtraction to his despairing will.
	I wont give you up, Aaron told the walls of house.  I will get a second job if I have to.  A third.  A fourth.  I wont give up your temple.  Aaron told his deceased wife.  I wont!  At that moment Aaron decided to hurl the calculator at wall so that he could hear something break.  He regretted it immediately.  Damn it!
	Burning through another cigarette along with several more poetic attempts.  The rotating fan kept the air circulating, pulling in the spiraling smoke and dispersing it along the ceiling.  But, in spite of the attempt at circulation, the room continued to smell like fire.    
	The bedroom was like a stranger with a familiar face.  The face of a ghost.  Why had I come in here this time?  Aaron already knew the answer.  Caitlin.  Tonight marked the end of the first year of her death, a 12 month rewind that Aaron could not seem to escape.  Until tonight.  He somehow knew that.  Somehow.  
	Aaron took the yellow post-it filled with Caitlins resurrected words, and stuck it to his leg.  Grabbing an old notebook and pen from the top of the dresser, he sat on the floor with his back against the messy bed.  The blankets and sheets had not been touched or tucked since.  And Aaron could still smell the vanilla. Lying his head back against the edge of the bed, he inhaled the vanilla.
	Letting his mind dance within the fragrance, Aaron tried to clear his mind of everything except his wife.  A poem would come.  
	Poetry comes from within the odor of life, Caitlin whispered.  Find me in the vanilla.  
	memories are worldswhere lost loves survivethey go not unto deathbut into reminiscing
	As Aaron was rubbing out the red tip of yet another cigarette, the red digits of the table clock struck 10:03 p.m.  And then everything around him stopped.  He was immediately aware of the pause.  The ceiling fan ceased its rotation, leaving the air dirty with smoke.  Every candle flame became smothered, dying without flowing oxygen.  Aaron could feel his heart pounding and his blood rushing through veins, but that was the only motion in the room.  It felt as if time itself had become completely still.    
	A thin light suddenly outlined the bedroom door, disturbing the motionless dark.  
	Aaron thought about rising but remained seated, pressing his back against the familiar bed.  He found comfort in having something solid at his back.  He could either go above or below the bed.  He had options.  Even bad options could lessen the fear a little.  
	Without the knob turning, the door swung in.  A bright white filled the room.  Amidst the light was a solid figure, deep black in contrast to the pure white.  
	Who?  Aaron only managed one word.  
	Hello, Aaron.  The voice carried like music.  
	Caitlin?
	Of course, Caitlin replied.  Around her the bright light dimmed, giving focus and features to the solid black.  Her hair was pure blond, falling like sunshine across shoulders, which was covered by a thin white dress.  Her eyes were a perfect blue, without a single man-made flaw, like the deep ocean or peacock feather.  And folded upon her back were two white wings, crossed over each other like relaxed arms.  
	Using the surface of the bed, Aaron pushed himself to his feet, hoping that his nervous legs wouldnt give under the weight.    
	How are you here?  Aaron asked.  
	I have never been all that far away, sweetheart, Caitlin answered.  I have always been within shouting distance.  Havent you felt me there.  Havent you heard my voice.
	Yes, Aaron replied.  But I thought that I was imagining your voice.  Because I couldnt deal.  BecauseI wasmaybelosing my mind a little.
	Caitlin giggled, slightly.  You are not losing your mind.  I am here.  Dont I look real?
	But are you, Aaron began, real?  Are you really here?  No.  You are dead.  I buried you.  I watched you get lowered into the ground and then covered by six feet of earth.  I saw it happen.  That was real.  You, right now, are not.
	Come here, sweetheart, Caitlin replied.  Feel how real I am.  Feel my existence so that we can move on past this, quickly.
	Aaron hesitated.  But like the end to many of his sweet dreams, Aaron found himself holding Caitlin again.  He embraced her touch, and took in the vanilla exhaling from her skin.  Beneath his hands and forearms, Aaron could feel Caitlins wings, delicate yet tough.
	See, Caitlin whispered.  I am as still real.  And I am here, as I always have been.  In the sounds.  In the smells.  In the touch.
	But why Aaron began to form the question, but immediately cut himself off.  I dont care.   I dont care why.  That does not matter, because you are here and I can feel you and hold you and hear you.
	Aaron kissed his wife.  Her lips were as soft as the rest of her.
	Aaron, Caitlin whispered, pushing Aaron to arms length.  Let me look at you.  Let me see what the past year has done to you.  The hair.  The face.  The eyes.  You havent changed at all, my dear.  And neither has this room.  This house.  Everything is exactly the same as I remember.
	I know, Aaron replied.  It has all been waiting for you, I guess.
	Yes, Caitlin replied, sadness in her song, I guess it all has.  And that is why I am here, sweetheart.
	I dont understand, Aaron said.  I thought you would be happy.  Everything is the same.  And we can pick up where we left off, before you were taken from me.  We can go back then and forget that this past year ever happened.
	We cant, Caitlin replied.  The past year did happen.  It did.  It did happen.
	But it doesnt have to, Aaron answered.   Come in.  Aaron pulled away from Caitlin, walking to the center of the tomb.  You are here.  You have always been here.  You have been no other place.
	Caitlin stared back silently.
	I cant stay, Aaron, she finally said.
	What?  Every muscle in Aarons face seemed to twitch.  But why?  
	I am only here for a moment, Caitlin replied.  And then I will have to be gone again.
	Gone?  Again?  Why?
	Look around you, Aaron, Caitlin requested, pointing to the stale room within the pale walls.  Nothing has changed.  Nothing has moved on beyond my death.  This rooms sits still as if I had never left it.
	You havent left, Aaron replied, thinking that if he gave his voice a slight more bass it would turn the lie to truth.  You have always been here.
	I have left, Caitlin responded.  I have not been here.  And I will not be here again.  You need to understand this, so that you can stop making your life a shrine to me.  I am dead, sweetheart, but you are very much alive.  Living requires motion.  Get moving, my love.  Move forward.  Move on.  Move about.  Move.
	How?  Aarons bass died, living the mumbled pitches of despair.  I dont know how.
	It is easy, Caitlin replied.  Remember me.  Love those memories but do not live in them.  And be, Aaron, without being still.  A new day will follow the next.  Eventually I will simply be part of your life that you cherish in afterthought.
	Aaron stood for a few seconds without speaking or moving.
	No, he finally said.  I cant.  I wont.  I dont want you to simply be an afterthought.  I wont you to be my only thought.
	Aaron
	Leave.  Aarons word quickly cut her off.
	What?
	If I have to lose you again, Aaron began, then lets get it over with.  I lose you day after day, every other thought, every time that I have to remind myself.  This time cant be any more painful than the last.  Leave.  Please.  Leave me be.  Tears came, fresh and warm.
	But, Aaron, Caitlin tried to say, but her voice began to drift back into the light.  Listen to me.
	Go!  Aaron screamed so loud that his throat hurt.  His tears flowed quickly down his cheeks.  Go!
	Be, Caitlin replied, her song slowly becoming a hum.  Be without being still.
	As the light once again grew bright, bright enough to completely swallow Caitlin, Aaron began to smell smoke.  Looking around the room, Aaron could not find the source.  His last cigarette was out, and the remaining smoke still hung motionless in the air.  Besides, Aaron knew cigarette smoke.  This was another kind of smoke, stronger than burning tobacco.  It smelled like campfire.  It smelled like burning leaves.   
	Aaron turned, round and round.  He tried to find the source of the odor.  But what he found was empty room.
	Something bit his arm.
	Screaming.  Aarons eyes flung open to the bedroom.  Closed door.  Fallen candle.  Burning carpet.  Flames leaping on to the messy bed and pale walls.
	Aaron felt another bite as a flame licked his arm.
	Dark smoke burned his lungs as he panicked and gasped.
	Aaron hurried to his feet.  Caitlin?  Caitlin?  Gone.  Again.
	Placing palm and fingers over his mouth and nose, Aaron ran toward the closed door.  With his free hand, he fumbled at the knob for a second before jerking the door open.  Light headed, he stumbled down the hall toward the front door and fresh air.   
	Aarons knees soon found the damp grass of his front yard.  Behind his back, Aaron could hear the snap and crackle of burning wood.  He felt the heat on his ears.  
	Finally rising, Aaron turned to watch the fire spreading with passionate hunger throughout Caitlins temple.  His past was wickedly blazing in front of him, dying toward embers.  His home.  Caitlins home.  Everything he knew.  It was being destroyed.  All he could do was watch and wave it goodbye.    










Survivors


	Tony stomped the shovel deep into the dark brown earth and then pulled out the tip before tossing the dirt into the nearby wheelbarrow.  The dirt was soft because the ground was warm, making the shoveling easy enough.  But, even with the loose ground, Tonys back hurt, from bottom to top. 
Tony remembered the last dig.  In the remnants of Seattle.  Winter had set in good and the ground was frozen and the dig was slow and painful.  Yet, Tony would honestly accept a cold winter and the backbreaking digs that came with the season.  Happily accept it in fact.  Because the cold air kept the stench of the rotting flesh at bay, at least a little bit.  And that would be nice.
 	Throwing another shovelful onto the topped off wheelbarrow, Tony took a moment to wipe his white sweat rag across his forehead.  The base of his nose and his upper lip were drenched in sweat as well, but Tony did not dare remove the mask covering them.  The odor would be too much and Tony would like to leave his lunch were it was at, in his stomach.  Besides, it was against the regulations of a dig.  Mask on.  Always.
	Tony quickly passed the full barrow off to Johnny, who carted it up the wooden ramp and toward the dumping spot.  Before Tony could start on the new, empty wheelbarrow, a shadow appeared, looming down from above the shallow pit.
	Dig Foreman Combs stared down at Tony.  With a twist of his neck, Combs motioned for Tony to exit the grave.
	Tony nodded a response back to his boss.
	How you holding up, down there?  Combs was a short, dark skinned man with worried eyes.  The creases above his eyebrows seemed to have doubled in the past 24 hours.  Hot as hell, today, my friend.  Combs had to get very close to Tony, because the masks muffled even the loudest of mouths.
	Tony was in hell.  Surrounded by the dead.  Tony didnt say so, though.  He simply nodded again.
	Combs patted Tonys right shoulder.  I might have some good news, my friend.  Dont tell your men until I know for sure, but we might be getting in some gasoline for the backhoe.  That would make the dig a little easier on you guys.  I know your crew has been shortened as of late.  This might help lighten the burden of the dig.
	There was no lightening the burden of a dig, Tony.  Burying massive amounts of dead was always a burden.  
	In case I havent said so already, Combs began, I am sorry for your loss.  Ginger, Creed, and Lex were real good men.
	Tony nodded.  They were good men, but only 3 of the billions that were gone.  Either within the Cataclysm or during the Aftermath, people died, and all of those men, women, and children were good people.  It was true that Tony had known Ginger, Creed, and Lex personally, them being part of his personal crew, but Tony had known many that had died.  He was all cried out.
	I would have liked to give you and the rest of your men a day off to mourn, Combs said, but we all have someone to mourn.  Not all of us can take a day off.  Who would be left to dig?   
	Tony nodded.
	Combs patted Tonys shoulder again and rushed away.
	Tony took in a breath of stuffy hair, filtered by his mask, and fought off a brief wave of claustrophobia.  Over and around him sat the structure that once served as a football stadium.  It was a great building that had once been filled with fans and players, screaming with pride.  But the fans were gone, most of them dead, leaving empty seats.  The dome had been closed, seal tight.  And the stadium had become a massive mausoleum, filled with rotting corpses.
	If only they would open the dome, for a minute or two, just to let some of the old air out.  But that wasnt going to happen, Tony knew.  A sealed tomb usually remained sealed.  Just as long as Tony didnt get sealed inside as well.  At least not yet.  There would be a time for that in the near future, Tony was sure.   
	Once back in the grave, Tony and his crew spent several more hours digging, making sure the pit was deep as well as wide.  But finally the first hole was complete.  Tony motioned for his crew to clean up their equipment and gather at the pile.
	Lets make this short and sweet as well as respectful! Tony shouted, standing next to the pile of bodies.  This is not a job but a duty to these people!  They suffered and they died and their bodies and souls deserve to be put to rest!  Lets put our loved ones to rest, gentlemen!
	Tony knew his words to be pointless.  No matter how much respect they tried to give the dead, the burying was always rushed, always messy.  It was always horrible.  What else could it be?
	Tony grabbed the first pair of legs while Johnny instinctively reached for the shoulders.  After 3 swings, Tony and Johnny sent the shell flailing into the mass grave, like an old, dirty doll.    
	The next ankles were bare, but Tony couldnt feel the skin through his gloves.  He wondered if they were warm, but immediately knew they were.  Even the deceased could be warmed inside an oven.  
As Johnny and he raised the woman up, Tony glanced at her face, even though he tried not to.  Thin cheeks and brown hair.  She reminded Tony of his sister Sarah.  But he knew that she wasnt the same person.  Sarah was long buried out west.  In a mass grave too.  In a ramshackle pile of corpses.  Messy.  Tony knew this because he had been in the crew that buried her.
	123and down she went.
	Tony had called his job a duty and in a way it was.  But it was also just a job.  Something that had to be done.  Because surviving the Cataclysm and the Aftermath had not made him special.  Not in any way.  Survivors were not special, Tony understood.  They were merely the ones who were left to bury the dead.    














Compounded in Clay


	A hospital bed rolled down a white hall, pushed by a tall male doctor and laid upon by a young man, both oblivious to the two Guides standing along the wall.  The tall doctor slowed as he approached the swinging double doors, knowing that the motion sensor would activate to let them pass.
	The eyes of the young man, who had been lying flat on his back, did not look scared to Mary, even though he was on his way to an Operating Room.  He merely seemed a little nervous.  
	He had no reason to be scared, Mary knew.  Everything would go all right with the young mans surgery, whatever that might be.  Or else Malthus or herself would have been holding a green file with the young mans name on the tab.
	As the double door swung shut, Malthus turned to Mary, Brave young fellow.
	Mary nodded.
	Malthus face looked serious, the brown skin of his forehead stretched as he struggled for the right words to express his apparently important thoughts.  This will be a very important night for you, my little Mary.  You will remember it forever, young one.
	 Even though Mary had the appearance of an 11-year-old girl, her essence was older and wiser than that of a mortal child.  Yet, she did not mind when Malthus referred to her as young or little, because next to Malthus most Guides were young and little.
	Why do you say that?  Mary asked, hoping her instincts were not right.  She was not ready for it.
	Tonight will be your final night as my trainee, Malthus replied.  Tonight I will teach you the final lesson, the most important lesson for all Guides to learn and understand.
	Am I ready?
	I think you are, my Mary, Malthus replied, his gray hair catching a hint of the florescent lights.  Sometimes Marry envied Malthus gray hair, because it was a mortal symbol of age and knowledge.  Marys hair would always be long, curly, and dark black.  And I believe, Malthus continued, that down inside you know that you are ready, too. 
	Something in Malthus hand caught Marys attention.  Green files.  Plural.  Two, instead of one.  
	Noticing that Mary had spotted the files, Malthus held them up and said, Two.
	Two?
	One for me and one for you, Malthus answered, a grin forming and spreading.
	If Mary could still experience sensations of the flesh, then she would have had a cold chill.  She would have trembled and shivered over her entire body.  However, death had taken those types of experiences from her.  Sometimes, though, Mary missed them.
	These two cases were personally picked for us, for the lesson they will teach, Malthus said.  Walk with me, little one.
	Malthus headed toward the double doors, Mary a step behind.  The doors sensor picked up their phantom movements and activated, forcing the two doors to slowly slide outward.
	Mary sped her pace, because Malthus did not like when she walked behind him.  They were equals in his mind, which meant that Mary should be beside him when they worked.
	This file is yours, Malthus said, passing one of the files to Mary, before quickly adding, Do not open it, yet.
	Mary obeyed.  However, the name was visible on the tab.  Tre Scott.
	I know that you sometimes cry after a job, Malthus blurted, but even his blurts were well planned.  Not as much these days, but the tears are still there, tying you to the living world.  Which could be good, for some of our kind.  Guardians and Watchers, for example.  That is why Boss lets that one sensation remain.  Yet, those tears are not suited for Guides.  We must be done with them, tonight.
	Mary was surprised at how blunt Malthus was being.  He was right, though.  She knew that.  Malthus always knew best.  And Mary would follow him anywhere.  As a trainee and friend.     

	***
	Trumbull County Hospital was kept pretty clean for a building filled with the sick and the dying.  During her training, Mary had been within many hospitals and buildings claiming to be hospitals, which were far less clean and far from white.  Her first time in Trumbull County felt comfortable, which pleased her.  Yet, she knew the calm, at least for Malthus and herself, usually ended very quickly.
	After strolling through several hallways and ascending three floors, Malthus finally stopped outside of a rooms open door.  Room 311.  Once inside this room, Malthus began, I want you to speak only when spoken to.  You are not here to converse, only to listen and learn.  This case is very delicateand old.
	Old?
	Malthus held up the green file, as if Mary could see through the outside and read the case description within.  However, the name on the tab was visible.  Paul Edgecombe.  
	Paul, Malthus began, lowering the file, has been hanging out in this hospital for a little more than ten years.
	Ten years?  Why hasnt he moved on?
	His flesh is in a deep coma, by all means dead, Malthus replied, while his essence sits beside his flesh, in the between, waiting.
	Waiting for what?
	That is the golden question, young one, Malthus replied, grinning once again.  Follow.  Listen.  Learn.
	Upon entering the room, Mary immediately saw double, one figure sick and lying in a bed, tubes and wires protruding, while the other looked healthy and whole, sitting in a small chair.  Paul, the healthy essence, was staring intensely at the top of an end table, which sat in the corner of the room.  A chessboard was upon the table.
	Slowly, Paul began to turn his head but then quickened the turn once he realized that Malthus and Mary were not simply two nurses.  Malthus! Paul exclaimed.  You are just in time.  I owe you a good beating after the last game.  Paul rose up.  His eyes fell on Mary.  And who might this be?
	The chipper attitude did not fool Mary.  There was pain in Pauls essence, deep and long festering.  The pain was so strongly rooted that Mary could almost visually see it, pulsing, like a strobe light.
	This is little Mary, Malthus stated.
	Hello, Mary, Paul said.
	Hello, Mary answered.  
	It has been quit awhile Malthus, Paul said.  I thought you forgot about me, and the fact that we are tied 3 games each.  Paul slightly chuckled.  
	I have been busy training my young Mary here, Malthus replied.
	Well.  Are you interested in playing a game of chess?  That was why you left me the board and pieces.  Right?  
	With those words, Mary identified the pain that filled Paul Edgecombe.  Loneliness.  Spending ten years in a room, alone, with no one but an old Guide to talk to, whenever he was able to visit.  What kind of existence would that be?  Why does this man not move on to another world by now? 
	Malthus still cradled the green file, proving to Mary that the time must have come.  Boss had given the order.  But, after ten years, what could have happened to make this man finally go with Malthus?  Would Malthus force him to?       
	No, Malthus replied.  That is not why I am here, Paul.
	Paul became confused.  Why are you here, then?
	Malthus stepped forward, while Mary chose to remain, so that she could follow Malthus directions.  Listen.  Learn.  
	Has Meredith visited, yet, Paul?  
	The question seemed to punch Paul in the jaw.  Choosing to face away from Malthus, Paul replied, No yet.  Pauls attention went to the window, and he pretended to watch the pink sunset.  She just needs time.  She does not want to see me like this.  I dont want her to see me like this.  Pauls voice trembled with the lie.  I will wake up soon, and she will never have to see me in this place.  Like that.  He pointed to his flesh
	You are not going to wake up, Malthus replied.
	I will, Paul said, returning his attention to Malthus.
	That hope is false, Paul.  Your flesh is completely brain dead, Malthus replied.  It is time that you realize that.  It is your time to go, Paul.
	Why are you here, Malthus?
	Because I am your friend, Paul, Malthus replied.  And I am tired of watching you suffer, for no good reason.
	No good reason?  Who are you to say whether or not my reasons are good?  Paul grew angry, but essences were unable to become flustered.  Who are you to tell me that I should leave?  I will not do it.  I wont leave.
	You wont leave Meredith.
	I wont leave Meredith.
	Paul, Malthus began, but then paused, trying to find the right words, as if his next words could and should cut.  Meredith is gone.  She left you, Paul.
	What do you mean?
	Mary watched as Malthus opened the green file.  To Marys surprise, the file contained a single piece of paper.  From her viewpoint, she knew that it was not a traditional Transfer Order from Boss.  It was something else entirely.
	Cautiously, Malthus handed Paul the paper.  
	What is this?  
	She is gone, Paul.
	With lowered eyebrows, Paul began to read the paper.  For Paul, each word was like another stroke.  What is this?
	You know what it is.
	A marriage license?
	Meredith remarried, this morning, Malthus told him.  She has moved on.  She has found love again.  Do you not want that for her, Paul?  Dont you want her to love among the living, instead of hanging on to the dead?  She is not deceased, Paul, you are.  Let her live.
	Of course, was all that Paul Edgecombe could say.  
	You see, Malthus continued.  There is nothing left for you in this world.  Come with me.  I will guide you to another world.  A better world.
	Mary witnessed Pauls longing transform into acceptance.  He even seemed a little relieved, as if a weight had been lifted.  Paul was able to let go.  After more than ten years of waiting and hoping, the truth brought pain, but also closure.  He could finally detach himself from a world that had let him go a long time ago.  
	I am ready, Paul told Malthus.  
	The chessboard, file, and marriage license vanished.  Take my hand, Paul, Malthus said.  The way is long but I know the path well.  I will guide you to your new life.
	What am I to do?  Mary spoke, wondering if the two had forgotten that she were there.  
	Open your file, Malthus replied.  With that said, Malthus and Paul were gone.  
	After remaining in the room, Mary slowly drew back the files cover.  Beneath the green was a Transfer Order for Tre Scott, neatly typed.  As she scanned the order, Mary felt her chest tighten.  Panic filled her.  She frantically searched the room, forgetting for a moment that she were alone.  
	How was she going do this?
	Malthus words replayed over and over, but the tears still threatened to flow.  She could not do this.  She was not ready.
	Yet, Mary did not have any other choice, except to do her duty.
	Mary searched the Order for a time-of-death, wondering how long she would have to compose herself before Tre became her Traveler.  Who was she kidding?  All the time in the millions of worlds would never prepare her for the case that was in front of her.    
	Mary found time-of-death, but the slot was blank.  What?  What did that mean?
	Slamming the file shut, Mary darted from the room, wondering if she were already too late.  Without a Guide, Tre could wander away, lost forever, trapped in the between.

	***
	Tre Scott continued to hold on.
	Mary witnessed the ongoing struggle from the empty doorway.  At the sight of Tres fragile body, the protruding wires and the IV, several tears escaped Marys eyes.  They exited without a warning, there was not keeping the tears in.  Yet, Mary was immediately ashamed of them.
	Tre was obviously deep within a medicated induced sleep, most likely for the pain.  Mary wondered whether or not Tre was having a soft dream or hard nightmare.  
	Mary could not take another step forward.  She could only watch from a far, afraid that if she moved then she would break down to weep.
	Loose skin showed Mary that Tre had once been a healthy, heavy boy, before the cancer had forced his body to begin to eat itself.  Now his flesh hung low, below his neck and around his eyes.  Not only did Tres skin sag over his fragile, tired bones, but also the tint of Tres permanent tan had lightened, like soft caramel that had been diluted with milk.   
	Small lumps covered Tre.  
	Mary knew the lumps.
	Before death, Mary too had hurt, while being sick and dying.  That once was her.  Lying in a bed.  Suffering the woes of death.
	Was that why Tre had to be her first solo case?
	Putting those memories back to rest, Mary scanned the room, finding Tres mother, asleep in a chair, which had been pulled right up to the edge of Tres bed.  Carla.  Mary knew the name from Tres file.  Carla Scott.  
	With her head cocked to the side, Carla slept; her snoring came in sporadic spurts.  Her eyes danced wildly behind her eyelids, as a dream played out for her mind.  Soft dream?  Mary only could wonder.
	Mom!  Tre suddenly cried out, temporarily shaking off drugged forced slumber.  Carla jumped to an upright position, both her hands quickly finding Tres arm.  Mom! Tre repeated.
	Im here baby, Carla assured him.
	Mom!  Where are you!?
	Im here.
	Mom!  I cant find my bear, Tre said.  Mary knew, by the lost look on his face, that, due to the morphine drip, Tres mind was no longer under his own control.  Where is my bear, mommy?
	Through a burst of tears, Carla managed to say, Look in your closet, sweetheart.  I think that I saw your bear in there.
	Okay.  Tres eyes closed as he drifted away again.  
	Letting go of Tres arm, Carla folded her hands to pray.  God.  Please dont take my little man away from me.  Please.  Will you make him strong, again?  Will you make him strong enough to fight, again?  He can beat this.  He can get better if you give him the chance and strength.  I need him.  He is all that I have.  Dont take him away from me, please.  Unfolding her hand, Carla placed her face within them to weep.
	Dont take Tre mumbled.
	Mary retreated into the hallway.  There would be time, Mary knew, for her to listen and learn.  But, for the moment, she could not be in that room.  
	Tre was not going anywhere, yet.  That was why the time-of-death had been left blank, because Boss had given Tre all the time that he needed.  And Tre would take the time, to hold on to life with the grip of a spirit twice his age.

	***
	For three more days, Mary watched Tre, less than alive but more than not.  The young boys instinct and willpower kept death, meaning Mary, on the outside looking inward.  Neither one of them could lay a hand Tre.  
	Without the need of sleep or food or a comfortable seat, Mary chose to stand still in the far corner of the room, listening and learning, only shifting when that space was needed by a mortal person.  The tears flowed less often.  Yet, they still seemed to flow.   
	Carla never strayed far from Tres bedside, as if her presence alone was keeping him alive.  
	Suddenly, the pieces came together, and the lesson that was directly in front of Marys face finally stood out.  Tre was not fighting merely to live, but he was staying alive because he would not leave his mother.  She needed him.  He heard her prayers.  In addition, like all little boys, Tre did not want leave his mommy.  
	Like Paul, Tre was surviving, trapped between two separate worlds.  One that he was no longer part of.  One that called to him but he refused to answer. Also, like Paul, Tre was in pain.  Yet, Tre chose to be stuck, with the pain, for the sake of another. 
	Mary saw her own image as she thought about Paul and Tre.  Her tears did tie her to the mortal world, as Malthus had said.  But, they also meant that she was not fully in her own world.  She lingered in the between, refusing to let go and move on.  She needed to move on if she was going to commit herself completely to her duty.  There was no between when dealing with death.  It was all or nothing.
	Mary was death, or at least the guide through it.  
	Besides, death was not the end, but the trail from here to there.  To cry for the dying was to cry for those left behind.  That was no longer Marys world.
	As the thoughts flowed, piercing chirps of alarms interrupted Marys epiphany.  Tre began to convulse, gripped tight by a violent seizure.  A groan squeezed through his clenched teeth.  While Tres body shook, monitors cried out for someone to help.
	Carla leapt from her chair, bound for the door.  Passing an inch from Mary, Carla rushed in search of a nurse, but a small group of them were already jogging toward the room.
	Help him! Carla begged, following the nurses back into the room.  Help my son!  
	Stand back, Ms. Scott, one of the nurses insisted.  
	Carla took a step backward, but refused to go any further.
	One of the nurses gripped Tre by the shoulders, in an attempt to stabilize the quakes, but the violence would not be completely calmed.  
	Mary exited her corner to stand next to Carla, becoming close enough to the hold the hand of Tres mother.  You have to let him go, Mary told her.
	A doctor charged in to join the nurses.  More grunts rose from Tre, subconscious sounds of pain, which reached into every fiber of Tres body and mind.  His flesh wanted the suffering to be over, yet Tre still fought to live.
	You have to let him go.
	Stop!  Carla shouted.  I dont want him to hurt anymore!
	The group ignored Carlas frightened cries.
	I am his mother, Carla continued, and I said to stop!
	They continued to work.
	Tre! Carla called to her son.  Its okay, baby.  You can go.  I want you to go where the pain cant get to you anymore.    
	The convulsing stopped.  Tre became very still.  As if it was a sigh of relief, Tre let out a long final breath.
	From his flesh, Mary watched Tre slide.  He was no longer the sick, weak, thin little boy that was in the bed.  His girth and color had been restored.  No lumps remained.  The sickness had been left behind him.
	Confusion was always the first emotion of the newly arrived Traveler.  Tre stood and looked around, deep in that emotion.  Mary quickly spoke, Hello, Tre.  Tres gaze went on her.  My name is Mary.  Tre smiled.  Take my hand, Tre.  The way is long but I know the path well.  I will guide to your new life, far away from the pain.

	
	 






Remember the Horses


	...and the wind caught the bottom of her sundress as she did, lifting it up, letting it flutter around her legs like flapping wings.  The breeze that brushed against her bare legs tickled and Hannah giggled and squirmed.  She gripped tightly to the second board of the tall wooden fence and peered out onto the meadow.  
	Near to her, the twin ponies continued to play.  Hannah watched them chase each other, running and bucking and whinnying in delight.  Around and around they would jog and run, in perfect unison.  When one was done chasing, the other instinctively knew when to take over the pursuit.  
	They were in-sync even in their mischief.  
	Her Pa would often say that they were born in mischief and would die chasing each other, as twins always did.  They would know very little outside of each other, he also stated.  Hannah didn't know what that meant, but it sort of saddened her, for some reason.  They would know so much more than that, she was sure.
	Pa often said things that Hannah did not fully understand.  It was mostly in times when he would mumble incoherently to himself.  His face would grow stern and his eyes would become far away.  He would often look through her, as if seeing something she could not see, something far beyond her view.  
	 She pictured her Pa and heard his rough voice.  Whenever he smiled, at least the crooked half-smirk that would rarely embrace his lips, it was a beautiful thing.  He knew more about...everything than she did, she concluded.  Maybe that was why he rarely smiled.  Would she lose her smile when she grew up?  Whatever her Pa saw when he looked out far, she never wanted to see. That would be a tragic day.  
	Hannah took a gander back to the twins.  She did not see mischief, only playfulness.  
	Hannah always enjoyed watching the twins romping about in the morning hours, especially when the sky was blue and sun was bright.  The sun always reflected across their thick brown coats, giving a shine, almost illuminating them with light.  It made the animals appear powerful, filled with sunshine and joy.  They reminded her of what she was told angels looked like, being of God and the sun, full of bright and joy and love.
	Suddenly, Hannah dropped from the wooden fence to the grass below.  Mimicing the ponies, she began to chase her own shadow around and around in circles, giggling and laughing as she did.  Her short, young legs moved swiftly.  She pretended to absorb the sunshine, getting faster and faster as she filled with light.
	When she played Hannah was free, as she knew the ponies were.  She wished against age and time that she could play on the farm forever and ever, always in her sundress, always in the sunshine, and always with the horses.  
	But that could never be.  Her Pa grew up and she had to too.  She would eventually get old, as her Pa had gotten old.  And maybe even lose her smile.
	She paused for a brief and unexpected moment.  A longing filled her and she turned toward her house, the beaten two story structure in the near distance.  It stood tall and large against the blue sky, like her Pa often loomed over her, stern but caring.  It was the only home that she had ever known and it made her feel secure, far from any dangers that may harm her. 
	She was momentarily taken back by the unwanted disturbance.  She had not been playing for long, but it felt like she hadn't seen her home in a very long time.  
	The emotions were weird and uncomfortable, but luckily faded.  She broke into a spin, letting more air lift the bottom of her sundress.  Again and again she spun letting her wings flap up and down.
	Heavy stomping hooves caught her attention and she returned to the wooden fence.  As she peaked through, she winessed the twins being pursued by a third horse.  Lela, their magnificent mother, were rounding up her boys, ending their games.  Lela gathered her children and escorted them, against all reluctance, toward the barn.  Pa must have filled their stalls with food.  
	If not for their mother, the twins might never stop playing long enough to eat. Hannah was similar.  If not for her Pa and his calls to breakfast, lunch, and supper, she would surely starve to death.  
	Turning, Hannah ended her own games and...
	...before she did, Lela stood with her body halfway out the back door and watched the boys in the yard.  Dinner was ready and she wanted to call them in again, but was suddenly mesmerized by their mischeif.  It was the first time all day that she found a moment to breathe, in and out.  There was just something about her twin sons and the way they were able to close out the outside world and simply enjoy each other unconditionally.  Nothing else existed.
	It was soothing, calming.
	Mimi always loved to sit and watch them carry on, Lela fondly remembered.
	Okay, boys! Lela called, surprised how easily she got their attention that time.  It is time to get your behinds in here and at the table!  Dinner will be up shortly!  
	Their eyes brightened and they howled, Turkey!  Bushy, messy brown hair began to bounce all around as the twin toddlers jolted for the back door.  As their short arms and legs began to flail as they ran, their faces never lost the playful intensity.  
	Spliting up, they went around here and through the door.
	Turning about, Lela headed back inside the house.  After the stampede of the twins subsided, sounds of football on low volume immediately filled her ears.  She could slightly make out the announcers and whistles of the referees as she entered the low lit living room.  It was a drastic change from last Thanksgiving when she could barely hear her own thoughts over John Madden's staggered voice.
	The dim light barley revealed several figures slumped along and across her couch and loveseat.  If her cousin had not looked up at her, she would have thought that she had found a crime scene filled with dead bodies.
	There were no bodies but the weight of death was effecting them all, Lela realized.  She thought about saying something to them, but simply stood for a minute and took in the room.  Everything that needed to be said had already been spoken.
	Who is winning?  The question didn't even recieve a mumble.  Who is playing?  Silence.
	It was the beginning of a new tradition, one that was forced upon them only several weeks ago.  Even the most solid tradtions would eventually have to alter or cease.  Her family still had not fully decoded the recent changes and was reluctantly excepting the new reality of a different type of Thanksgiving.  Things would forever be changed.  Yet, Lela still had faith and hope for the new traditions.  
	And she was in charge of the new tradition.  Taking pride in setting the new tones, Lela rushed from the kitchen and headed into a hallway toward the kitchen.  On her way out of the living room, she left the words, Dinner will be served in a few mintutes.
	Charging down the long hallway, Lela passed briefly by an open doorway.  Through the doorway was a dinning room with a long wooden table.  Sitting along the table in sporadic clusters were other members of her family, grouped together in small to medium converstations.  
	Breezing by, Lela hurried in through another doorway and into the kitchen.  Two odors at once slapped her in the face.  Turkey and chocolate.  It was an odd combination but for some reason made her mouth instantly salavate. 
	The short figure of her nephew Donald startled her a little.  I'm hungry, he complained, holding his stomach for emphasis.
	I'm going to bring in the food in just a second, sweety, Lela replied, shooing him from the kitchen.  
	Following her nose to the oven, she tossed on an oven mitt and snatched a large bakery pan from the oven.  The aroma of chocolate increased immensely.  Swiftly, before the heat made its way through the mitt, she placed the desert next to the juicy turkey on a nearby counter.  
	The desert was a dark chocolate cake with peanut butter fudge swirled across and throughout.  She took pride in her accomplishment.  She never considered herself much of a bakery chef, but it looked utterly delicious.  And she hoped that Mimi would have agreed.  
	Her Mimi could make a pie or a cake or a cookie that would melt in the mouth and cover tastbuds with pure unadulturated goodness.  It was talent.  It was an artform.  But no matter how talented, everyone, even her Mimi, had to start from scracth, so to say.  And this was Lela's start, her scratchy beginnings.  
	If Lela kept baking, Mimi would be proud of her one day, she was sure of it. 
	Keeping on her oven mitts, Lela grabbed the turkey pan.  The bird dripped with flavored persperation and Lela knew that her family would enjoy sinking their teeth into it.  
	Everything seemed to be coming along nicely.  Maybe Mimi was here with them, if only in spirit.  If not, Lela tried to imagine where she would be.  Where would Mimi want to spend her eternity?
	Using her back, Lela pushed through the swinging door that connected the kitchen to the dinning room.  Upon entering...
	...the large red barn.  It took several seconds for the darkness to clear and reveal the nearby rows of horse stalls.  They were wide and wooden and open in the back for the horse to go to and from the fenced meadow.  They could run and play whenever they wanted to.  The horses were not prisoneers or pets, Hannah appreciated, but family, and were treated as much like it as possible.
	Aroma of hay and manure floated across the bottom of her nose.  Even at her age, Hannah understood that they were the smells that would always bring her back home.  No matter how far she might travel in her life, one sniff and she would be on the farm with the horses.  
	That was if she ever left the farm.
	A part of her knew that one day she would most likely go out into the world beyond the borders of the farm.  She would be born into it.  Eventually.  But how madly she would miss the horses.  Being away from them might be the death of her.  That wasn't entirely true, becasue the horses would always be with her.
	Through the smells of them.
	Through the memories of them.
	Hannah would never fully leave the horses.
	Not completely.
	A crunching, gnawing sound caught her attention.  Smiling and giggling, Hannah did a qucik spin, letting the bottom of her sundress dance.  Taking a jump and skip, she made her way over to the first stall.  Within the horse stall was a black stallion, tall but thinner than would be expected of the breed.  
	Owen.
	He had his nose in the feeding trough.  Slowly, the horse raised his face out of the food and glanced at Hannah's tiny body.  Taking large, rapid breathes in and out of his nostrils, Own nodded his head a couple times before coming to the stall's gate.  Putting his nose to the opening between the boards, he smelled Hannah.
	Slipping her hand through the gate, Hannah began to rub Owen's nose.  The hair felt dry and coarse, but she didn't care.  She didn't care at all.  She loved to pet the skinny, black stallion.  It was because Owen was her favorite out of all the horses.  Maybe because he was the underdog of the farm.  Maybe it was that he was adopted from another farm.  Maybe, in spite of his appearance, she saw the beauty within the dark furred creature.  
	Owen was not born or brought up on their farm, which was important to her Pa, for some reason.  Pa called the horse lazy and worthless.  Yet, he fed Owen and gave him a home, which was more for Hanah's sake than the sake of the animal. 
	Kissing the tips of her fingers. Hannah patted them upon the horse, reminding him of her love.  As if he would ever forget.  Just like she would never forget him.  
	Other stalls waited down the row.  Hannah gave Owen one last pat before...
	...turning his eyes away from the food on his plate.  Taking his black pen, Owen etched another couple of words upon the beaten white napkin.  Each word was a groove within the thin paper, some almost ripping through to the other side.  It almost felt like irony, the words his Mimi loved so much was being ripped through to the other side.  Just like her. No...irony wasn't the word that he wanted.
	Conversations went on around him, but he let them circle him, keeping himself to the outside.  Letting his imagination wander through a sunny meadow, Owen took his bony dark fingers and scribbled a few more words, completing the first stanza to a new poem.  As he jotted, he thought of his great-grandmother and how often she would speak of horses.  She told him stories about playing with them around her childhood farm.
	
	...and you found me in the field, 
	lost in the rain, a flawed stallion. 
	You fed me and brushed me and broke me of the wild;
	with love and a stern switch, you broke me of the wild...
	Laying the pen down across the napkin, Owen sighed.  He was so lost in thought, in his own head, where he often lived, that he didn't hear the voice speak his name.  
	The voice repeated.  O?  For a moment he heard Mimi, calling him by her own special nickname.  It was a simple bond they shared.  Simple yet strong.  But when the voice spoke again, O? he immediately recognized the tones of his aunt Lela.  
	She had never used that name before.
	From behin him, Owen noticed her presence but did not turn around to greet her.  At his back, his aunt did something else that surprised him to the core.  She took her fingers and slowly patted him on his dry, coarse hair.  Briefly, she ran her fingers across the top of his rough hair.  Another act that only Mimi ever did.
	Aren't you hungry, sweetheart?  The turkey is amazingly juicy.
	Glancing at his plate, Owen realized that he hadn't taken a single bite of his turkey or his mashed potatoes.  The biscuits were smothered in dripping, ingored butter, which was dribbling loosely on the second small plate they sat upon.
	Not really, he replied, keeping his head lowered.  He thought about picking up his fork and poking the meat, but refrained.  
	I am so glad that you could could make it, Lela said.   It has been a while since I saw you...since anyone has seen you.  College must be keeping you busy.  It seems like you ran away as soon as you could.  I don't blame you.  She seemed to lightly choke on the words.
	He didn't reply.
	How are classes going?
	All right, he replied.  A lot of reading.
	That is right up your alley, then, Lela said.  
	I guess.
	You writing something?  Lela lowered herself closer to the table, trying to read her nephew's scribble.  Normally he would fight the urge to hide his poetry, to grab the paper and crumple it into his pocket.  But for some reason, he was happy to let his aunt read it.
	Just a little thing, he replied, still not meeting her eyes.
	Mimi always loved your writing, Lela said.  She always said that your words brought her home.  I'm not sure what that exactly meant, only that she loved to read whatever you write.  And now I can see why.  She was your biggest fan, you know.
	Owen smirked.  He was never close to his aunt, but for some reason at that second he regretted it.  And he never regretted avoiding anyone else in his family.  The only family he ever needed was Mimi.  
	I would love to read some of your other stuff, Lela insisted.  I want to be  one of your fans, too.  If you would let me.
	He considered it.
	Lela reach down and took his hand.  The contrast of dark to light was obvious.  And no mater how hard Owen tried to ignore the contradiction between himself and the rest of the family, he never fully could.  Except with Mimi, because she never made him feel different, darker than anyone else.  His words may bring her home, but she was his home.  
	Where would his home be from then on?
	I don't know where Mimi is right now, but...
	Owen quickly interupted, She is on the farm...with the horses.
	I was going to say, Lela began, that she was perched on your shoulder, but I think you are right.  Where else would she be?
	Owen closed his hand tigher around Lela's and...
	...stretched her short arms out, as if only she could extend them a little further, she could run her fingers across both rows of horse stalls.  
	All the horses had come in from the meadow, in to eat their grain and hay.  Pa had laid out their food and they all had rushed in to recieve the givings with thanks.  
	They were all gathered under the same roof.
	And Hannah was thankful for them.
	And no matter how gruff her Pa could be at times, she knew that he was thankful for the horses as well.  They were his world as much as her own.  Pa had to be stern and strict.  It was his job to this way.  But he was kind and giving as well.  He was both.  Her Pa was complicated.
	Arms out wide, Hannah walked slowly between the stalls, swinging her head back forth, taking in the sight of each horse.  They were all unique.  Large and small.  Thick and thin.  Pale or dark.  They were all special.  They were all her family.
	As she reached the other side of the barn and found another large open doorway, Hannah stopped and turned around and took a final breath of hay and manure.  She was almost saddened to let it go, but exhaled anyway.
	Suddenly a booming voice called from the direction of the house, booming across the farm and into the barn, like the thunder that would sometimes roll across the meadow during a storm.  It was her Pa.  The voice was strong and the call was urgent.  Hannah had no choice but to obey.
	Sprinting out of the barn, she was forced to pause.  Movements caught her attention. From their own doorways, marched each and every horse that had been previously in the barn, eating.  Tall and proud, the animals began to line up along the fence, facing forward toward Hannah.  Staring at her were the creatures that she had loved her entire life, looking at her as if saying goodbye.
	Blowing them a sweet kiss across the air, Hannah knew that she would see them all again shortly.  She just had to go home and see her Pa.  He was calling for her.
	Turning away, Hannah ran and ran, quickly getting to the front door of her home.  The white door was closed.  Turning the knob, she opened the door.  Giving the horses a glance, Hannah went home...
	...as Lela struck her glass with her fork, ashamed that she had to get everyone's attention that way.  But she had nearly forgotten the most important tradition of thanksgiving.  She would still do it, even if it was nearing the end of the meal, where the desert will be introduced.
	Excuse me, Lela said.  I'm sorry.  Excuse me, everyone.  Once she had the attention of her family, she continued, Thank you.  I know this holiday has been hard...on us all.  We have all gone through a great loss.  But...I would like us to take a moment and remember those things in our lives that we are thankful for.    Who would like to go first?
	Me, Owen said, raising his hand.  
	O? Lela asked, surprised to see her nephew raising his hand.  Please.  What are you thankful for?
	My great-grandmother, Owen replied.  Hannah Stead.  For everything.  Everything.  She stood by me when...others did not want to.  She helped me and loved me...when others did not want to.  I was the black sheep...the black horse of the farm...so to speak.  But never to Mimi.  I was always beautiful to her.
	This will be the first of many holidays that we will be spending without her.  And we all miss her, for our own personal reasons.  It was her that brought us together for these types of occasions...and it will be her memory that will bring us together in the future.  She was called home, back to the farm, back to the horses.
	He raised his glass of soda.
	Hannah Stead.  We love you.  We will always remember you.  







