The Secrets Keeper and the Heir
the second in The Roses Garden and the Sea series
by Jackie McCarthy
* * * * *
Copyright 2013 Jaclyn McCarthy
Smashwords Edition 2.0
This ebook is licensed for personal use only. This ebook may be reproduced, copied, or distributed for any non-commercial purposes, or commercial purposes with the permission of the author. Thank you for your support.
* * * * *

Dedication
* * * * *
To the patient souls who taught me how to sail and the even more patient souls who teach me how to live.
*

Prologue: 
The Heirs
* * * * *
Mr. Meriwether Hawkly is an artist. He lives with a dog, two cats, a hamster, and a round little wife in a small apartment in the central city of Quillain. While the round little wife is at work and the dog snoozes in the corner, he paints. As he does so, the apartment is quietthe cats purr from their sun-bathed windowsills and the hamster chatters in his cage, as hamsters are wont to do.
Mr. Hawkly isnt a great artist. Truth be told, hes barely an artist at all. For the past ten years hes fallen prey to the most debilitating form of painters block. He cant sketch. He cant even clean his palette. Canvases stretched all those years ago remain blank or voided on their easels. His brushes are coated with dust.
Mr. Hawkly makes his two cents in the greeting card industry, for which he produces watercolors of comically exaggerated animals saying adorable things. These cards are then purchased by people who cant express their feelings in any other way. Last month he submitted the image of a cartoon dog holding an anatomically incorrect heart and howling, I wuv you. This months mock-ups show a cat with the same message. A hamster, he fears, is all too likely to follow.
Most days, instead of working, Mr. Meriwether Hawkly stares out the grimy window and down upon the city, wondering what his life might have been. Though he loves his dog, his cats, his hamster, and his round little wife (each in their turn), he still feels as thoughat one time or anotherhis life had been led astray.
Is this really, he wonders, how things were supposed to turn out? How long is he supposed to continue in this hollow sort of way?
In truth, Mr. Hawklys life could have been much different than it is. It was a series of choices, after all, that brought him to this place, just as it was a series of choices that positioned us all within our lives.
For instance, when Meriwether was left by his mother in a playroom at five years old, he chose to play with the wooden blocks. Wooden blocks are a fine toy (as toys go), but had he played with sculpted animals instead, a curly-haired boy would have joined him. In the wreckage of epic battles between wooden lions and carved bears there would have ignited a life-long friendship. So much enamored of her sons new friend, young Hawklys mother would have transferred the boy to a school across town, and the friends would have become classmates. There, he would have been encouraged to apply for a top college, where many years later he would teach, becoming a well-loved professor of animal husbandry.
The child Meriwether played with the wooden blocks, however, and the teacher told his mother that afternoon how very creative the boys fledgling tower had been.
When Meriwether began at the grade school in his neighborhood he was assigned to one of two classes. His teacher, therefore, was Misses Tamberlinea woman who thought that finger-painting was the best way to keep young children in check. The other teacher, Misses Breslin, preferred reading. Had Meriwether been in her class, she would have recommended many wonderful books. His favorite would have been a picture book of the wild creatures spanning the length and breadth of the Illian Continent. This would have ignited a childhood passion in exploration and wildlife photography, which would later have led him to a job at a nature magazine. He would have been sent out to take glossy pictures of Sedalian Lions and would have met a very pretty local girl, settling into a life on the wild, grassy plains.
Instead, Meriwether brought home his innumerable finger-paintings so that his mother might pretend her rapture over each, soon at a deficit of space to display them all. One such painting of an elephant earned him a large golden sticker from his distracted teacher. His mother made sure to make room for this piece. It became his goal in life to earn praise though his art.
When Meriwether was asked to choose a professional course of study, he carefully researched available colleges. He narrowed down his choices between a provincial university and a dedicated art institution, of which he would eventually choose the latter. Had he gone to University he would have taken time out of his painting to attend other requisite classes. A biology course, which he would have been dreading, would instead have introduced him to a voluptuous red-haired upperclassman whom he would quickly grow to admire. In an effort to impress this woman, Meriwether would have taken another biology course, quickly followed by another. He would eventually change his major and go on to pursue a career in wildlife discovery, traveling the Continent in search of creatures yet to be discovered, the red-haired woman at his side.
Instead, Meriwether surrounded himself with art and art classes, and he was highly praised for his skill.
As Mr. Meriwether Hawkly stares out his window on this placid, sunny day, he wonders about time. He cant know of all the futures that had once been at his fingertips, and yet he feels them all nagging in the corner of his mind. It doesnt seem fair. In fact, he feels as though the course of his life had been decided before hed been aware enough to make any choices for himself.
And so it can feel for many in hindsight, when looking back upon our personal and shared histories. We each make a great number of choices without knowing the consequences, and with each new decision were pulled into a new path of existence, each more unlikely than the last.
Its easy to forget, in the great crush of time, that the epic battles of song and legend were often won and lost within the early days of childhood. Its in such delicate years when a child will make his first life-changing decisions (or when life-changing decisions will be made for him), be they for good or illones he will then build upon for the rest of his life. Perhaps he played with the toy blocks, attended a certain class, or simply veered right when he might have gone left.
In some ways, the profound effects of our choices are both frightening and wonderful.  Its only upon seeing our own crossroads, after all, when we may ask the question that is both terrible and awesome: What if?
What if the Kingdom of Illiamna had never fallen to Nic the Usurper? What if Nic Pharus mother had made a different choice, and the man who would overthrow empires had never been born? What if the King had not been killed? What if the three heirs had not disappeared? What if the hero Benson Rose had never been needed at all?
If I were to tell a story of the politics in the time of Benson Rose, there would be many tales to considerthose of senators and usurpersthose of conquerors and Kings. But theyre dry stories, truth be told, ones full of names and dates to memorize. Ill have none of them.
I would choose instead the tale of three lonely children: each the hope for a crumbling Kingdom, each living in a moment of profound choice, and each something other than what they seemed.
First, there was a boy. He was mute and pale, and slept fitfully in an icy bed. He was being raised, it seemed, at the very edge of the world, where his breath rose in clouds in the frigid air and where all but the highest mountaintop was hidden by an eternity of snow.
A call to waken brought open the boys cold gray eyes, bordered as they were by matted locks of mahogany hair. He looked up to see a rough northern man, a Bruin, who spoke fuzzy words in his direction. The man motioned that it was time for them to leave. The boy neither understood nor listened, but he made the choice to follow, just as hed done on every other day of his young memory.
Second, there was another boy, this one strapping and tall, with similar gray eyes and a braid of brown hair. He was eager for the worldtoo eager to stay trapped inside the isolated chambers that had containednay, confinedhim for the last two years. The bird song was far too sweet that day, and the sun much too bright. Looking up from his book, he watched his old guardianhis jailer, it seemed at timesprepare to leave on an errand.
As the door closed behind the gray-haired mans musty cloak, the boy jumped to the window, drinking deeply of the sunny, albeit rank, air. He tracked the old mans departure and wondered ifwere he to lean just a little farther from the sillhe might not smell the late berries of the Elder Trees, as he had in the summers of his early childhood.
With a slyness born from years of solitude, the boy forced open the window and swung out a little-used leg, testing his weight upon the mossy clay roof tiles. It seemed to hold, and so he brought his other leg to join. Soon he was off, crawling up and away from the prison of his apartment. The boy felt the sunlight touch his face, a sensation he hadnt felt for several years. He squinted, somewhat pained by the unbelievable brightness, but he smiled also. This must be, he thought as he sat upon the roofs mossy apex, the day his life would change. As it happened, his choice made sure it was.
Lastly, there was a girl, at once gray-eyed and tall, her own head haloed by unruly mahogany tresses. She stood, windswept and tanned, in the lush green field of a country farm, watching a caravan of carts as they snaked towards a neighboring estate. The house had been empty the ten years shed lived nearby, and she hoped desperately that these carriages brought with them other children with whom she could play.
Inching ever closer to the grand estate under cover of a high-heather hedge, the girl saw a cart door open and a child of sorts step out. He was on the edge of childhood, perhaps, but his bearing was one of age and experience. The boys handsome chestnut skin and fine figure brought a blush to the girls cheeks, and though she couldnt guess why, her breath was more shallow than it had reason to be. As he moved around the carriage, she followed, and the bushes chose to rustle rather than give way.
Whos there? asked the boy, his light brown curls bobbing as his head turned round to observe her.
The girl said nothing. She only stared at the exotic and beautiful boy, whose light brown eyes had spied her through the brush. He stepped closer and her heart fluttered wildly.
I say, whos there? he repeated, secretly afraid of who or what might be secreted in the bush. Though he would pretend to be a man, it was the boy in him who wondered aloud, Are you a fairy?
The girl giggled, thinking this game was quite fun. She told him, No, silly, Im a girl.
Then why are you hiding? he asked in return.
Because it suits me to hide, the girl said, placing a hand on her chest to slow the rapid pulsing of her heart.
Are you a changeling, then? pressed the chestnut boy. A fairy whos been raised as a girl? Only, Ive heard so many tales of strange creatures in this land. Surely youre such a one.
I am not! the girl cried in high spirit. There must be girls where you come from.
Of course there are girls, said the boy primly. But they dont hide in bushes.
What do they do instead? inquired the girl.
Theydance, said the boy after a pause, trying not to display his great ignorance on the topic. Were you born here?
Neither in this bush nor in this country, said the girl wisely. Im from Illiamna. And you?
Scadia, said the boy sadly. Or my mother was. My fathers from here, or so he claims. I think you might look like him, though I can hardly see you.
Scadia, the girl sighed, letting the exotic name roll off her tongue. She knew little about the place, except that its people made the finest silks. I should like to go there someday. Is it true that the people ride around on elephants and that the air smells like spices?
I could tell you if youd come out, said the boy hopefully. His gaze fell upon her like the dappled rays of the sun, and she moved shyly sideways to keep the high-heather between them. He asked with a frown, Wouldnt you prefer that?
The girl shook her head, her sense of whimsy fully engaged after an entire morning of play. What would we do if I came out, but be boy and girl? she asked. Here, at least, I may be a King and you my Lion-Guardian.
You, a King? the boy laughed benevolently. Why not I the King and you my fairy advisor?
The girl considered this carefully. I should like to be an advisor to a King, she said thoughtfully. I think I should give very good counsel.
Such as how to tend the fairy woods, the chestnut boy teased, or make dew upon the leaves?
No, cried the girl, but I should call forth the powers of nature to rebuild our fallen kingdom, and wake the raging bull to our aid.
The boy, who seemed inspired by these lofty goals, implored, But how would a fairy do all this? Theyre just little things made of forest magic.
The girl thought again, the speckled sun playing over her forehead. After a time she replied, I guess I should be King after all.
Just then, an elderly voice called from the carriage. Dunstan? Dunstan where are you? I need your hand to get down.
The boys penetrating eye contact was broken. He called to the carriage that he was coming, and turned quickly back to the spirit in the brush. The fairy child was gone, however. All he saw was a  human girl in a muddied frock running away across the lush green field.
* 
Lilli and the Fairy Circle
Fairy Stories of Chaveneigh
Amassed by Madame Pericolt
Translated by Sir Haron Wimsee
*
Once upon a time, a handmaiden to the Queen of Chaveneigh was ill-treated, and she gave birth to a little girl in the Wild Forest Beyond. Though she could not help loving the beautiful, blue-eyed girl, she was not allowed her own children in the palace, and so she left the child within a Fairy Ring, hoping that the mischievous but kind-hearted sprites would take pity on them both.
The magic of Fairy Rings is this: theyre circles of particularly pretty magical mushrooms wherein nothing else may grow. On any given night a flock of fairies, imps, and elves might choose to stage one of their wild parties there deep into the night. The spirits of the forest protect their magical places with great jealousy, however, so the Fairy Rings are guarded by ferocious toads the size of small deer.
The newborn girl, who cried loudly through her first painful, lonely minutes in this new world, was no sooner abandoned by her mother than she was set upon by just such a giant toad. His name was Pup-hem-tup, and he croaked at her in displeasure. His eyes bulged as he raised a webbed foot to cover the babes screaming mouth. The little girls fist, thrown about in a tantrum, hit upon the toads bumpy, amphibious skin, and her small fingers closed around him. Feeling the warmth of her tiny infant hand, Pup-hem-tup let out a plaintive ribbit and lowered himself beside the now-silent little girl, keeping her warm until the fairies arrived at sundown.
The fairies were at first angered that Pup-hem-tup had allowed an intruder into their circle (for they didnt understand just how helpless newborn babies could be), but the brave toad blew up his chest and croaked that she was to be allowed. The child was sleeping by then and the fairies crowded on top of her to see the strange little creature who had captured the heart of their surly old toad.
One brave fairy, known as Chi-chi-bon, crawled all the way to the babes button nose and examined the childs tiny eyelashes. It was then that the little girl opened her brilliant blue eyes. Chi-chi-bon, upon seeing his reflection in their depths, fell backward in surprise. The others teased him for being startled by a human, but he was a fairy of sweet temperament, and he chuckled at himself too. Then, as he approached the childs face once more, he saw that the girl was watching him with a toothless, happy grin.
That was the moment in which Chi-chi-bon adopted the abandoned girl. The fairies named her Lil-lil-epu, or Lilli for short. They raised her on milk thistle and bush berries, and she grew to be the sweetest girl in the entire kingdom. Her lips were always rosy red and her cheeks shone bright with a merry blush. Her hair was dark as the night sky and her eyes as blue as day. The fairies were very proud of their pet girl, and they taught her all the secrets of the magical world.
While Lilli grew up frolicking through the forest, the girls motherthe handmaiden Hannahad been given charge of the Kings wardthe young Lady Ulia. Ulia had been put into her care when still a young child and, being the same age as her lost daughter, Hanna doted on the child. Ulia was destined to be bad-tempered, however, and she used the Queens handmaiden atrociously ill. There was not an encounter that would pass between them that would leave Hanna without some kind of scrape, cut, or burn.
The young Lady Ulia was intended for the Kings son, Tommard, who had little time to care for such domestic concerns as girls or marriage. The prince was too busy, as it were, cavorting about the forest himselftracking wild boar and practicing with his bow and arrow. He was a tall, handsome boy, and though he wasnt at all accustomed to considering the feelings of girls in any way, he nevertheless felt intrigued when he stumbled upon the radiant Lilli one day.
It just so happened that Lilli, like all fairies, thought that humans were toys to be played with. The prince was nothing but a pretty plaything for her at first, uttering to her such phrases of love that she could barely contain her amusement. One day several years later, however, he announced that he was to be married at his fathers command. Lilli found herself to be devastated. Fairies have their own brand of jealousy, but Lillis sorrows were more than Chi-chi-bon or Pup-hem-tup could understand. They tried to reason with the heartbroken youth, but to no availshe cried herself to sleep every night in the week leading up to the princes wedding.
Chi-chi-bon and Pup-hem-tup spoke long into the evening, trying to figure out the cause of their favorite pets immense strife. It was only as the sun shone red upon the new mornings horizon that Chi-chi-bon had an idea: Lil-lil-epu was in love.
The prince was to be married that morning. The fairies followed the sound of triumphant fanfare as they lead the heartsick human girl to the palace. She wept all the while as they sniffed out the room in which a harried handmaiden was preparing the bride. Hanna had just poked herself for the seventh time with a pinat which Ulia sniggeredand had to excuse herself lest she bleed on the girls flawless white gown.
When the spoiled young bride was alone, the fairies entered to do their mischief. Ulia batted and squealed all she could, but soon found herself tied and gagged inside her own wardrobe closet. The wedding dress was only moments later upon the slim form of Lilli who, for the first time in several days, stopped her crying. Chi-chi-bon and the other fairies happily dressed the girl, weaving joyous flowers into her auburn hair and dropping a veil before her painted face.
When Hanna returned to the veiled girl, she hadnt a clue that the switch had been made. Ulia, it seemed, had become a sweet and gracious child on the eve of her nuptials. She took extra care with her charge, proud at last to have taught the girl to be good. When the peal of trumpets gave way to the chime of bells, Hanna guided the disguised girl into the throne room, which was now decorated with enchanted flowers and chirping birds, courtesy of the forest elves, who had come to celebrate one of their own.
Lilli glided gracefully down the aisle and the onlookers stared at her in awe, wondering if it was their imagination or if the bride was emitting a soft, euphoric glow. She reached the altar where her beloved stood and slipped her hand into his. The ceremony proceeded, none the wiser to the fact that the intended bride remained locked upstairs in her room. Finally, when the rites had been completed, Prince Tommard lifted his wifes veil to find not the girl of his fathers choosing, but the fairy girl of his own desperate desire. He sealed the marriage with a hasty kiss, unwilling to let the strange woodland girl be torn from his side.
Though the King was angry that his marriage arrangement had fallen throughforfeiting their claim on the eastern shore as Ulias hand had promisedhe gained instead a pact of peace with the fairies, which was far more valuable.
Lilli went to live in the palace, though she snuck out many an evening to dance about the forest with her fairy kin. The palace, however, was a place of family too, for she was reunited with her mother, who was overjoyed to see her alive and happily married. Hanna became her daughters handmaiden and the two grew to be close.
Ulia disappeared into the forest, stolen by fairies as a warning that children should always be polite to the women who raise them.
*

Chapter 1:
The Monkey
* * * * *
Mastheads
Illian Ships, a History
By Valter Kometar
*
There are two characteristics for which Illian sailors are particularly well knownone is their penchant for superstitions and the other is their loyalty. Illiamna in general is a place riddled with superstition, but the myths and fallacies surrounding sea lore and sea travel are greatly enhanced by the dangers inherent in such a livelihood. As for loyalty, this is almost a necessity, since even the most nearby provinces of their own united kingdom are weeks apart by sea, wind permitting.
Nautical miles from their families ashore, a sailors ship becomes his home. Its a beloved home at that, deserving the most intense protection and allegiance.
Just as on land, where every province identifies with a seal of two local animalsand just as every town therein claims the nearest mountain peak as their earthly guardianso too do sailors attempt to show their heritage and devotion on the vessels they sail. They do this primarily through the carving of over-sized mastheads, usually thought of as the decorative piece carved to sit below a ships bowsprit. The carving of these mastheads is sometimes seen as a competition between the fragile nations disparate people, each eager to win respect while at sea for their land-locked kin.
For the eager researcher, there is a wealth of ship registries in the Illiam Library, wherein vessels are described in detail. Interesting accounts can be found there of ships carved to look like the plants, animals, and birds of each province (some attempts more successful than others). Ships were allowed to remain plain, of course, but it was thought that such vessels contained men of no discernible pride or intelligence.
One famous masthead was carved in the shape of a raging boara creature of the dusty rock quarries of Baxleyupon its ship the Reavelander. The boar became a dreaded sight upon the seas after the ship was seized by raiders during the War of the Usurper, whereafter it was sailed against its own people. It was later recovered and destroyed, the memories against it being too strong to forget.
Another famous masthead belonged to the Serpentary, a ship of the Dunes portraying two of their infamous sidewinder snakes. The carved pair of reptiles curved around and upon themselves down the length of ship, their rattle-like tails raised in warning on the boats stern. The combatant clans of the desert province used this ship in their own territorial spats, and it was later sailed as a merchant vessel, most likely in the transport of slaves, as suggested by the phrase slave snake.
The most famous masthead, however, is likely the Turnagains, which was sculpted in the shape of an eagle in flight. The birds wings, representing the power of the Illian capital province of Quillain, ran out and back, ending in detailed flight feathers halfway down the ships hull. The Turnagain, though an actual historic ship, has primarily been remembered as the vessel that carried the hero Benson Rose in his quest to restore the rightful king to the throne. Whether or not Benson Rose truly sailed upon this ship is a story lost to time.
* * * * *
Daylight happened at the end of the world. The ancient Elder tree under which the twins met was overcome with rope, which ran from its exposed roots to the proud plants tallest branches.
Its cordage, actually, and lines, said the girl knowledgeably, her sense of superior information taking on an insufferable tone. She squinted at the boy, who dangled aimlessly upon the rigging while his sister worked. Dont you want to learn any of this? she demanded, upset by his inattention.
I think youre learning enough for both of us, he said, retreating under the oak where he could be shaded against the beating sun. Besides, whats the point of all this rope when theres no wind to harvest?
The air indeed hung still, like a summer the girl was desperate to forget. But at sea there was wind. At sea, Rose thought with a sigh, there was freedom.
Rose didnt dare to share this thought, lest her wry-witted twin brother tease her relentlessly. Shed just finished telling him stories about the overbearing Second Mate and the crew of mocking sailors, all happy to remind her that her place was at the very bottom of their well-established pecking order. Shed never been cuffed, mocked, yelled at, or pushed around as much in her entire life as she had these short months at sea, and yet she would have chosen no other place to be.
It seemed impossible at times that people had conquered the endless expanses of water with nothing but a wooden hull, canvas sails, and their own cunning. The Captain, in particular, seemed almost magical to her. He could read their location in the sky and he carried them all forth upon the wind, as though he could decipher the invisible airs secret language. Rose had spoken of him with reverence so many times that Benson had begun gagging at the sound of his name. He did it (or so he claimed) on the principle of the matter.
Rose was getting used to having secrets from her brother, despite the fact that they had shared everything up until the day he disappeared that hot, stagnant day mere months ago. She stopped her incessant rigging of the Elder tree long enough to speak towards his sullen form below.
I had that dream again, she said, keeping her hands busy with the lines.
Could you be more specific? Benson asked.
Rose opened her mouth and then snapped it shut. Which dream? In a moment of confusion she lost the answer herself. Had she meant to tell him about the nightterror in which her shipmates discovered she was female? Or the dream where they teased her ineptitude and the Captain eventually banished her from his ship? Was she thinking of the nightmare in which her village burned to the groundor the one in which a masked man stood laughing above a pile of charred bones? Or was it one of those other dreamnot quite a nightterrorin which her soul flew across great distances and came to rest in anothers eyes?
Rose considered which issue was bothering her more.
It had been difficult, but not impossible, to hide her sex. Shed never had a slender body with feminine curves, so nature was already working in her favor. That shed grown up impersonating her twin brother was of great help as well, and it was rare that the crude behavior of her male companions startled her. The fear of discovery was there, however, and it tempered her relationships upon the floating vessel. 
In contrast to these real concerns, her dreams of a masked man seemed absurd and inconsequential. She wasnt convinced he existed at all outside her all-too-vivid imagination. It was her imagination that she blamed for the other visions as wellthe ones where she would wake to find herself in various homes on solid land before being pulled back to sea once more.
Rose shook her head to clear the strange, almost magical thoughts. Dreams were strange things, and it wasnt her job to understand them. She looked at Benson, taking in the familiar features of his increasingly unfamiliar person.
Do you evermiss me? she asked, her curiosity taking sudden control.
Of course I miss you, said Benson, running his hand along the trees roots. Thats a stupid question.
I just Rose began and then stopped. Turning away in embarrassment, she tugged at one of her lines. I just meant that life on a pirate ship must be pretty exciting. I bet you hardly remember the name of our old he-goat
Benson stared blankly at the sparse grass that survived at the edge of the trees dense shadow. He threaded his fingers between the blades and pulled, but the earth held them fast. I dont remember the specifics all the time. Ive come such a long way, I suppose, he said vaguely. Honestly, I think Ill always long for my life on the riverside.
Rose either didnt hear or chose deafness. She climbed upon her rope-built ladder and raised herself up to the Elders rustling leaves.
Look, Benson, she cried, hopping down to the ground moments later in excitement. Theres the wind! We can get moving again. Here, take this line.
Reluctantly, Benson raised himself from the soft ground, grabbing the proffered rope from his sisters grip.
I tied a loose knot up top, so when I say sail ho you tug and the canvas will drop, Rose explained. She added under her breath, I cant believe you arent picking any of this up where you are.
With a roll of his eyes, Benson wrapped the line around his hand for a better grip. On the slow count of three, the twins pulled, releasing a series of long, silken banners, each luminously white. The would-be-sails were no such thing, although they waved prettily in the rising breeze, caressing the twins with their soft presence.
Benson seemed pleased at the sight of them. Rose, however, was distraught.
This is all wrong! she yelled. Running to catch each errant banner, she grew breathless as they all danced playfully out of her grip. Benson, help me!
In a panic, Rose realized she was alone beneath the silk-covered tree. She rushed from banner to banner, trying to control the mad gambol of the wind. She cried for help again and again.
I thought this is what you wanted, said Bensons disembodied tones.
Rose looked around for the source of the voice, hoping it would speak again, but it was another who spoke next, and the words were followed by a harsh blow.
Boy, whats wrong with ye? Auks voice barked. The impact of his open palm against her skull jarred Rose out of her daydream. She looked around, dazed. Her vision blurred as the aftermath of Auks blow continued to throb. Ye cant earn yer wages by staring out at the sea. Snap to it, ye lazy sack of
Auk lifted his hand to hit her again, but he was distracted by a thud from behind him. Oy, boy, he shouted, turning his ire upon the Tikaani slave boy, Ikpek. Dont just stand there, pick up that cord. Watcha think were riding on, a Scadian Luxury Galley?
Ikpek shook his head, cowering. He ducked down to shovel the dropped rope back into his arms. This didnt please their taskmaster any more than Roses yelp of pain, however. Auk dealt a swift smack to Ikpeks ear as well. The Tikaani recoiled but didnt cry out.
With a disgusted shake of his head and a low grumble about their ineptitude, Auk stomped away.
Ow, Rose said, rubbing delicate fingers along her ear, which still throbbed painfully. She checked her hand for blood, but it came away clean. That really hurt, she whined anyway.
I know it, agreed Tappan, a fellow shipboy. He was on his knees scrubbing the deck a short distance away. He clocks me good most times hes up here. Surprised I got away unscathed this time
Rose frowned, touching her ear gingerly again. We ought to fit him with a bell.
Now theres an idea, Tappan said, his mood lifting. He sat up and stretched his sore muscles. If we knew when to expect him, we could take a few breaks every once in a while. I reckon my backs about ready to snap.
Tappan was a brawny young man, his skin tanned to a pleasant bronze that matched his short brown hair and brown eyes. Despite his muscled exterior, his face was always soft and smiling. Rose had come to consider him a good friend.
Nodding to Tappan in commiseration, Rose looked over at the mute Tikaani boy, who was still stroking his reddened ear. You okay, Ikpek?
Ikpek gave her an eager nod and a bow, his eerie purple eyes still slightly crossed after the blow. He was pale, his skin never seeming to drink in the sun, and his hair was dark. He was slight of buildslimmer than Rose, evenbut his wiry frame seemed disproportionately strong. The slave boy continued nodding as he turned back to his work.
Has he ever said a word to you? Rose asked under her breath to Tappan as they re-started their tasks. She couldnt tell if the silent Tikaani was actually a mute or if he didnt know enough of their language to participate. She got the impression that he understood what they were saying most of the time, but there were other times when he would stare dumbly at them, answering any and all inquiries with an enthusiastic nod and bow.
Nah, you? Tappan answered, kneeling back down to his water bucket.
Rose watched for a moment as Ikpek struggled with a rope as thick as his slender arms, then shook her head. No. But then, Auk may have knocked the words out of him by now.
You gotta have words to begin with, said a sharp voice from above them. That slave boys a right idiot.
The three new hires had to shield their eyes from the sun in order to see the voices owner. Looking up, they observed Cricket, the red-haired former shipboy. He was hanging comfortably among the lines alongside the mizzenmast.
Hey, Cricket, Tappan said, squinting up at the newcomer. Hows it going?
Not bad, boys, the newest shiphand answered cheerfully. Not bad at all. Balancing precariously between two lines, Cricket displayed his confidence by letting go with both hands and folding them leisurely behind his head.
Hey, what do you know about Auk? Tappan asked, scooting his legs out from under him and sitting more comfortably.
What kind of info you looking for? Cricket asked, nodding for them to give him a try.
We just Rose began, touching her throbbing ear again, has he always been this bad?
What, you sissies cant take a little knocking around? Cricket teased, grinning at them broadly. He brought his hands back to the lines and shifted his weight, lowering himself towards them.
Nay, he werent always like this, but he werent Second before neither. Used to be Hector doing the training.
Rose swung her head towards the ships bow where she could see, in the distance, the enormous frame of the ships dark-skinned First Mate. As she watched, Hector took a barrel from several men below decks and lifted it over his head as though the weight was inconsequential. Rose knew she wouldnt have been able to lift the burden at all. The gentlest smack from Hector could probably kill a man, she thought. A solid punch would probably turn that same man into a pile of ooze. The ache in her ear throbbed sympathetically.
He dont swing at folks too much, Cricket explained, seeing their reactions. He puffed up his chest and bragged, Only got me a few times.
I dont suppose hed have to do much, Tappan said. He let out an impressed whistle as Hector moved three more barrels in rapid succession. Look at him. His arms are thicker than my entire body! I could lift stones for the rest of my life and still not have arms like that. How does he do it?
Crickets freckled face soured. Come on, he aint that huge, he said, upset that their attention was no longer upon himself. All you gotta do is lift a bit, see? Jumping from the lines onto the quarterdeck, he positioned himself next to a heavy iron anchor. With supreme effort, he managed to lift it clear of the deck by a few inches.
Rose and Tappan had no reason to be unimpressed with Crickets musclesfor a boy his size they were impressivebut hed compared himself to the bulging Hector, next to whom any man would appear scrawny and meek.
Perhaps sensing this, Cricket lost his confidence. Realizing just how heavy the anchor he was attempting to lift truly was, he broke out in a nervous sweat. He let go, trying to toss the cast metal clear of his feet. With a thud, it hit the deck, and he gave them a self-satisfied look. Then, the anchor toppled over and onto Crickets booted toes. He leapt high, cursing the hunk of iron. He kicked it in frustration and howled again when the pain stabbed into his other foot.
Tappan and Rose, unable to help themselves, roared in laughter below. Even Ikpek cracked a smile, the armful of heavy rope falling yet again from his inadequate grip.
Cricket stopped his pained dance and stood still, one sore foot atop the other. He looked at the shipboys with embarrassment. What, you see something funny? Huh? Rushing to the rail that separated them, he pounded a fist upon the well-worn wood. A slight cringe betrayed the pain that this, too, caused the red-haired boy. Biting his lip against the discomfort, he glared at the three below with anger in his eyes.
The group of newbies had grown silent. Rose knew Cricket to be an unpleasant, slightly crazy sort of boyquick to anger and hot of temper. Still, shed never before in their months at sea seen him pushed so easily to violence.
Come on, sissies, Cricket cajoled. You think something I say is funny, you say so to my face.
Tappan held up his hands in surrender, We didnt mean anything by it, Crick. Its been a rough day, is all.
Hector isnt a person we should be comparing ourselves to, anyhow, Rose added. Ordinary people cant look like that.
Rose saw Tappan wince at her words. She realized her mistake when Cricket shot back with, What, you dont think I could take that dark-skinned criminal? He threw his fist into his own open palm. It hit with a sickening smack.
Criminal? Rose couldnt help but repeat. She looked back towards Hector, but hed disappeared below decks.
Aye, Cricket spat. He leaned over the rail to be closer to Rose. Oh, poor Monkey, did I just rat out your hero? Maybe you should try learning something about people before you go idolizing them.
Come on, Cricket, Tappan soothed, standing, I dont think the Captain would let a criminal on his ship
Aye, well, he did, didnt he? Cricket shot back. Think Im lying? Ask anyone. In fact, thats the only thing anyone knows about him: that he bought his freedom working in the Mines of Deep Knells. Escaped more like. Only criminals are sent to labor there.
Rose hadnt heard a lot about the province of Deep Knells, besides that they dug mines for metal ore deep below the earth. It was said to be backbreaking work in a realm unseen by the sun, and shed heard that some of the poor souls who labored there had been sent as punishment for their crimes. Remembering how her family had been sold, however, Rose knew there were other ways to end up in servitude. She said hesitantly, I dont think thats true.
He was in the Deep Knells? Tappan said, whistling again. He seemed, if possible, even more impressed. Now thats a harsh place. I grew up right near there in Baxley, and that seemed bad enough, but it aint half as bad as the other place.
Youre from Baxley? Rose asked, distracted from Crickets accusations. She wondered why she hadnt thought to ask before, but her assumption had been that all those hired beside her were from the awful city of Portridge. She knew that, like the Deep Knells, Baxley was a mining province of its own, though it was an open-air quarry for stone. I was on the other side of the Kent. I heard terrible things from fishermen who floated too far northwards!
Aye, well, said Tappan, throwing a haunted look across the water towards Illiamna, theyre all true.
Cricket smacked his hands together again. Hey, old lovers, he reminded, are you forgetting what I said about Hector?
I wouldnt worry, Rose said, recalling several pleasant, if short, encounters with the ships First. He seems like a good guy.
Thats what he wants you to think, Cricket scoffed. You know why he has such dark skin, right? Because hes so full of dark magic, he said, answering his own question. And just like a she-witch, he needs to drink blood. Deep in the night, when its so dark that he blends right in, hell sneak into your bunk and he made a violent motion across his neck. You sissies dont stand a chance.
Rose and the others exchanged a dubious look. I bet you would, though, Tappan said with a sarcastic roll of his eyes.
Id give him a left and a right, Cricket breathed, punching at the air, his muscles tense. He only looked up when he heard their amused reaction. Oy, whatre you laughing at now? Dont think I could take him?
I didnt say anything, Tappan said, shaking his head in denial. Whatever you say.
Yeah well, whatever to you too, Cricket spat, crossing his arms. I was gonna offer my services as an Auk-spotter, but I guess Ill be leaving you sissies to fend for yourselves.
With a huff, the former shipboy had gone, leaving those who remained to their confusion and amusement.
* * * * *
Captain Kaille looked wearily at his shiphand, who held between his hands a length of rope upon which Kaille was working. The two stoodshirtless beneath the cloudless skybraiding together an intricately woven ladder from a mere pile of worn cordage.
The rope jerked away as Kaille attempted a motion that had already failed several times due to his helpers inattention. The knife with which he was working missed its mark and passed too close to the Captains hand for comfort.
Kaille rolled his eyes and demanded in an exasperated voice, Stop fidgeting.
I cant help it, Eli, said Jas Hawkesbury, aware enough of his distraction to feel poorly about it. The suspense is killing me.
Never mind the suspense, Kaille reprimanded, if you continue to ignore your job, Ill kill you.
Im sorry Captain, Jas said sheepishly, letting down the woven ladder and rubbing dirty palms into his eyes. I can hardly sleep. I think of nothing else. I might go mad with curiosity. I dont know how you tolerate it!
You speak as though theres a choice to be had, Kaille said with a grimace. Hed been enjoying the warm afternoon without a thought of Fenric or the mystery that followed him. He sheathed his knife and stretched out his muscular shoulders, sore from being slumped. Taking up his hip flask, he took a swig and splashed a handful of water into his dark, curly hair, then turned to point accusingly at his friend. Besides, you wanted this. I thought you, at least, would be able to handle the consequences of your request.
I thought so too! Jas exclaimed, throwing up his hands and leaning against the rail. But I didnt think of Whyl! I didnt think wed learn mere minutes after setting sail that the man whod purchased us from our trade route was, in fact, a mass-murderer. And I certainly didnt think that after such a confession, Whyl would then lapse into a delirious fever these last months. He answers the occasional question, aye, but with nonsense. I can hardly stand it! And you! Despite all of this, you still allow the Scribe to wander among your crew
I can hardly condemn him based upon a sick mans ranting, Kaille said in explanation. And I have restricted the Scribe: he must remain above decks except under my supervision.
I think we ought to hold off landing until weve had a chance to sort this out, Jas said.
Lands already been spotted from the crows nest, Kaille disagreed firmly, shaking his head. I can hardly tell the men that were to simply not go ashorenot re-supply. Besides, I have every intention of being paid for this.
We were paid, Jas said. He looked up suddenly. Were the proud owners of a mangled piece of the Quartered Crown.
Kaille scanned the horizon, squinting against the sun. He shook his head again. That wasnt a payment, he said to the clear blue sky. That was a display of power. I wonder that you havent yet brought it to bear in your anti-Fenric arsenal.
Im not, Jas cried in protest, anti-Fenric.
Kaille threw his head back, snorting. Since the moment you heard of Whyls few waking words, youve denounced the Scribe and his every intention.
Well, Jas motioned agitatedly, theyre suspicious.
I couldve told you that. And I couldve done so before we agreed to take him all the way to Dunsmere, Kaille said sardonically. In fact, I likely did. You were the one who
Aye, I know! Jas said, very serious, raking a hand along his elbow-length amber hair. How were any of us to know what would happen once they came aboard? That, I suppose, is why were sailors instead of politicians. We wantedokay I wantedto be part of the plot. I justWhyl woke up and said those terrible things, and then he lapsed into an unconscious fever, to regain awareness only long enough to say hysterical things. I need to know, Kaille! Which of them is telling the truth?
I fear well find out either way, Kaille said with a grin he knew would infuriate his friend, but we may not like the method of discovery.
* * * * *
Rose, Ikpek, and Tappan each grabbed a bucket of water and carried them to the mid-deck. The afternoon sun beat harshly down, but a cool ocean breeze soothed the worst of it. Tappan had discarded his shirt, tying it round his head so as to shield his eyes from the intruding light. This discomposed Rose somewhat, since she feared she would be expected to follow suit and remove her own garment, but Ikpek remained fully clothed also, and she followed the slave boys lead.
The three settled down to scrubbing the decks.
I have to give Cricket some credit, Tappan said after several minutes. Theres three of us working now, but imagine having to scrub this entire ship all on your own.
Rose looked at him warily. You dont think he really had to do it alone, do you? Seems like the other sailors wouldve helped.
I dont know, Tappan said with a shrug. But I keep telling myself, however hard this is, itd be a lot harder without the two of you.
Rose smiled. Shed found that she appreciated Tappans warm personality and unfailing work ethic more and more every day. When the work seemed too hard or the sea too wild, his steady presence could make her calm.
Well I Rose began. Her mind drove a response from her lips, however, as it focused on the dropping of footfalls behind them. Tense and preparing herself for a sharp cuff on the ear, she turned her head, expecting to see the ships Second.
It wasnt Auk, but Fenric who approached. Rose let out a sigh of relief, but then felt a new kind of unease rising. She readied herself for the encounter.
Though Rose had daily meetings with the Scribe in his cabin, hed become no more familiar to her than the enigma who had first been seated at her uncles table, introducing himself to her brothers ghost. They would meet and she would learn her lettersa slow and daunting task to be sureduring which time he would be patient and kind, if a little distantbut then he would come across her working the decks and utterly transform, vocally pointing out to all who would listen her great and feminine flaws.
Rose drew in a nervous breath. Her companions didnt share this apprehension, however. Tappan grinned broadly at the gray-haired Scribe.
And how is the clear Blue treating you this morning, gentlemen? Fenric asked. Rose cringed at Tappan, who glowed at the prospect of being considered a gentleman.
Good, sir, he said with a nod, though our backs be sore.
It seems like hard work indeed, Fenric said in agreement. He then turned his gaze to the others. Easy there, Misses Rose, dont want to soil your petticoat.
Misses Rose, Cricket repeated with a snigger from alongside them. He knew by now to be near when the Scribe sauntered up to the shipboys. He called to the men aloft, Oy, did you know our Monkey was a Misses?
There was rowdy laughter from above, mixed with the sounds of ape-like screeching.
Thats not funny, Scribe, Rose said harshly, trying to bore into him with her eyes. What was he doing, drawing so much attention to her? Why did he behave as though he was two different people? She quailed under the ridicule of her shipmates. Its not funny.
Why would a thing have to be funny so long as its true? Fenric asked. He addressed the old hands with a yell, Gentlemen, you should be ashamed of yourselves for giving such difficult work to this boy. Heand my friend Ikpek for that matterare mere slips of boys. Dont you have easier tasks for them?
I reckon we ought, Cricket called to them. But look, Misses Monkey disagrees with us.
We dont need easier tasks! Rose shouted. She looked at Ikpek, who kept his head down and continued scrubbing. She felt her face burn.
How could we have known the Monkey were a girl? called Sinner Jack in jest.
By how much it bickers with its betters, I imagine, said Rolf bitterly.
Nah, said Sinner Jack in high spirits, just lift up its skirts.
Set up a jig, cried Goran, and see if it dances the man or womans parts. To illustrate his point, Goran tossed down spare nails from his belt at Roses feet and watched as she hopped about to avoid them.
If it werent for the savage, Id say you had the most pathetic beard Id ever seen, shouted Cricket, his own facial hair tufty and sparse. But I aint never seen a slave boy with a beard.
Oy, Monkey, be ye a savage? asked Sinner Jack, suddenly concerned.
Rose couldnt abide their insults any longer. I was born and raised in Kentshore, she snapped up at them, her chin raised and proud, and thats all Ill hear about any of it.
Kentshore? Cricket laughed derisively, Not sure thats a whole lot better. Tell me, are you the only monkey of your kin, or were the whole lot of you born with long tails?
Shut up about my family! Rose yelled, her face red. Unaware that shed dropped her scrubbing brush, she began to run at Fenric, but Tappan held her back.
With a satisfied smile and nod, Fenric walked past them and limped away, his mischief apparently managed. Rose huffed angrily as she watched him go, barely hearing the continued taunts and jeers from Cricket and the other shipmen.
Tappan handed Rose her dropped brush, his eyes kind. Quietly turning away, he demonstrated how to ignore Cricket, who was rolling around on the deck with laughter, squealing about how the Monkey had tried to fight an old, gray man.
Rose plunged her brush into the bucket of water and then brought it crashing onto the deck, throwing all of her strength into the chore. Above her the old hands chattered, sounding not unlike a tree full of monkeys themselves.
Cricket eventually caught his breath, and began the quiet chant, Misses, Misses, Missy Rose.
Though she tried to lose herself in peaceful thoughts, his incantation beat its way into her mind. Her head grew hot. She knew she couldnt endure much more.
Then, like a beautiful miracle, a distant voice bellowed from the bow of the ship, Ben!
It was the Captains call.
Rose set down her brush to go answer, her head lowered against those who continued chanting. She trod forward on the ship until their jeering voices were drowned out by the sound of breaking waves off the bow.
Captain Kaille stood with his shiphand Jas, both bared to the waist in the warm sun. Rose slowed her step for a moment, taking in the broad line of the Captains shoulders, the strong curve of his back. Her heart fluttered pleasantly and she drew in a deep breath of salty sea air.
Shed felt this way every time she came upon himlight-headed and a little sweaty. It was a constant surprise, to be so drawn by the mere sight of a man. She wanted to be near himto touch him.
As she stepped closer to the Captain, Rose heard him saying to Jas, Hes an old man, you shouldnt give him so much credit.
Credit? Jas cried. I dont think you give him enough. That mans dangerous.
Hes lived peacefully with us Kaille began.
Dont let his age and mild manners fool you, Eli, Jas argued. That man is a weapon of power. Hes the blade that strikes in the dark of night, the shadow that passes and decides your fate, the fatal calm that strikes at sea, and the whisper of death upon the wind.
Rose was distracted from her admiration of the Captains muscled torso by the sailors poetic speech. When the object of her admiration broke into laughter, therefore, she was somewhat disappointed to have missed his expression leading up to it. She watched him laugh, however, and felt something deep within her laugh as well.
Good show, old salt, Kaille said merrily, youve proven yourself a poet once again. As he wiped amused tears from his eyes, the Captain spied Rose beside them. He asked her, Was that speech not the very heart of poetry?
Before Rose could answer, Jas chided, Poetry or not, whatll it matter once hes cut your throat? You, boy, he said, turning his attention to Rose, what do you want?
You called for me, Rose said, looking at the Captain.
Kailles mirthful face fell as he realized his mistake. He said defensively, I most certainly did not.
Youyou called for Ben, Captain, Rose said tentatively. Im Benson Rose. Theres no other Ben
I meant Hector, the Captain interrupted gruffly. He waved a dismissive hand and turned from her with a brisk, Go away.
Rose immediately regretted her decision to answer his call. Shed learned by now of the Captains dead First Matehad in fact sensed it from an unknown corner of her memory before shed even been toldand yet she continued to answer when he mistakenly called for a phantom, an error which the Captain couldnt seem to cure.
Rose knew she didnt have to answer. Perhaps she hoped to endear herself to the Captain, eager to further her goal of becoming a great sailor. Perhaps she sought to solidify her alias as Benson by being hyper-aware of her adopted names variations. Perhaps she wished to bask in the brilliant blue of his eyes, whatever the cost. Or, perhaps, some part of her felt guilty about the Firsts demisein some distant wayand ashamed of her role in the Captains sorrows.
If the Captain felt pain at the loss of his First when Rose showed up, however, it was nothing compared to what his disappointment awoke in her. Each time he called for Ben, it opened the wound of Benson, her disappeared brother. She might have seen him still in her strange dreamlandthough she couldnt understand how or whybut that wasnt the same as having him with her every day, by her side at every moment.
Rose sealed her resolve. There was no point in crying over what had become commonplace. This was the reason shed come aboard to begin with: to find Benson, wherever he might be. She would learn to sail, learn to read, save her wages, and one day would buy her own ship with which to reclaim him. In the meantime, she would wait.
Go and fetch the Scribe, Hawkesbury, Kaille sighed. Im tired of talking about him. You cant work because of the suspense? Then lets assuage you.
Hes a slippery fish to catch, Jas said in answer, I could try his cabin first
Ive seen him, Rose broke in. They turned and gave her a disapproving look for eavesdropping, but she continued, Im sorry, I didnt mean to hear. I saw him not ten minutes ago. Ill fetch him for you.
The Captain and his sailor looked at one another. At the same moment, they shrugged. Tell him to come here, boy, said Jas, and in a hurry.
Rose nodded her haste and rushed off, grateful to prolong her absence from chores and happy to be of use to the Captain.
*

Chapter 2:
The Guardian
* * * * *
The Darker Side of Magic
A History of Magics
Chapter the Tenth
By Samjam Juggerram
*
The primary purveyors of dark magicks, especially in ancient lore, were said to be witches. Their brand of dark magic was called witchcraft, and tended to deal in small or local phenomena having to do with day-to-day life. A witch might hold a length of beetroot in her bustle for the duration of the full moon, for instance, in order to put a hex upon the health of her neighbors cattle or burn a Tustle Weed to make her mother-in-laws cooking taste of mold.
In a nuanced study of magicians it shouldnt be missed that the power of ancient men was considered to be white magic, or powerful magic of good intention, whereas witches were purveyors of dark magic. Countless stories have been written about the kindly old magician and the spells he cast that saved kings and kingdoms, but only tales of hags and blood-thirsty covens speak of the female element. There is no reason to assume that the ebb and flow of magical energies would be gender-specific, and yet the societal standard of witches and magicians would have the magic of men be powerful and good while the magic of women be weak and petty in nature.
Whether or not the ancient world truly had witches as we know them today is an issue forever debated by historians. There are (or so it was claimed) first-hand accounts of those taken to the site of a forest Sabbat, which was said to be a frantic sort of gathering during which witches from across the county came together to celebrate the movement of the stars and the passage of time. It was claimed that these gatherings would reach a fevered pitch of screaming and caterwauling. Often, the rites would conclude with the blood sacrifice of an innocent, which is to say, with the death of a child.
An account of one such observation was recorded and translated:
They done took me at night, me and me unborn boy. I done passed out at me bed, but then waken up in one of those clearings. There be a goat and a symbol dug lil deep in the ground. And there be a [text damaged]They done pulled me babe from me and had it kinda dangling from these sticks, like. Then they go danced and danced, with them unworldly screamings, and I thought I might just go and die. Me babe stare back at me, it just there bleeding out, it eyes turning cloudy, like. I aint never slept no more that I dont see me boy up there like that, aint being ready to be born. I be bleeding heavy from it all, like. They done and drived sticks through me arms and legs. I done passed out and waken up again in me bed, the demons screamings still in me ears. Me arms and legs be healedall closed up, like, by evil magicbut me unborn boy be gone. Me belly be empty.
The account of this woman, taken down by a man of the law, went on to list several names, followed with the note that the accused witches had been drowned for their crimes. This story was but one of many leading to the persecution of witches throughout the realm.
It was believed impossible to kill a witch. They were given status with the immortals, though unlike gods, they did age. This may be why the elderly were most often accused of the sin of black magic. Those said to be practitioners were put away from the world instead of slaughtered.
A popular method of disposal was to have them drowned. This meant that their live bodies were sunk to the bottom of a lake where, it was believed, they then lived until the end of days, tied forever to the rocks that had pulled them down. They were often buried alive in distant, deep graves, as well, and covered by large stones so that they wouldnt soon claw their way out.
Oddly, fire was said to be the worst way to dispose of a witch. Though the burning would leave a charred body that many might consider dead, it was said that the witchs evil essence would break free from her bodytaking the form of acrid smokeand then infect all those unfortunate enough to breath it in. A part of the witch would then live in all of them, so the superstition went, and in all their progeny to come, bringing bad luck and disaster for all their days. These people were said to be witch witted, and usually ended up being buried or drowned as well.
In reality, those accused of witchcraft were rarely any other than misunderstood or disliked members of their own local community. Reactions to life, grief, and mortality fall on a broad spectrum of human emotions, and in a time of intense superstition any person behaving in an unusual way was fodder for suspicions of the worst kind.
The question in hindsight remains, however, whether the innocents at the bottom of many lakes were the ones at fault for their differences or whether the truth of black magic lies in the righteous belief that everyone ought to appear the same.
* * * * *
The small shard of looking glass through which Sara had seen herself grow from child to young lady was propped before her. Despite being slightly tarnished by ash and smoke, it remained the unforgiving window through which the pretty girl contrived to find herself ugly.
Without ribbons or the will to work them, Sara sat before the shard, staring into her own mismatched eyes, one green and one blue. She had always seen a repulsiveness in thema defect of body and character that, if she was very good, she might someday overcome. These days she saw in them only a despair that ate at her very bones.
Life had seemed hopeless enough after the fire that destroyed her villagehad seemed impossible, even. But that was before theyd lost Rose. Despite being an intolerable pest, her eldest sister had served to hold the fragments of their remaining family together. Without her, all was the perhaps similar, yet all was set adrift.
Their mother remained as silent as the day theyd left their village behind. She barely ate, even when pushed, and sat stilly in her armchair by the hearth, her eyes wide but unseeing. Sara kept a candle burning in every corner to ward away the darkness. It was in the dark, after all, where her Mamas dissonant keening still echoedcried at full volume during the blackest part of the night.
Mismatched eyes met one another once more in the glass, framed as they were by her untidy blonde hair. Sara didnt need to see her features to recall how much she disapproved of each one. Her reflection called forth an all-too-familiar feeling of remorse, often edged with panic. Yet, as ever, she couldnt look away.
Sara was startled from her intense scrutiny by a sharp knock at the door. Rising, she called out to it, and heard the Landlords answer in response.
We dont need anything today, Sara told him as she undid the iron locks. The door opened a crack. But thank you for checking in.
Ive just had tea with another of my tenants, said the Landlord, who Sara knew only as Pella. There have been too many complaints of noise, he added, pushing the door open so that she could see his dark face and pale hair. This cant continue.
I dont know what youre Sara began, throwing her weight against his pushing.
I need to speak with your mother, Pella pressed back with increased force.
Before Sara had time to think, she had answered: Shes not here.
Do you take me for a newly hatched sun-robin, child? Pella scoffed, easing back on the door. Of course shes here. None of you may go out without me.
I meantmetaphorically, Sara mumbled her correction. Shed nearly succeeded in closing the entry. Shes not available.
Whats that supposed to mean? Pella asked gruffly.
She Sara considered, shes sleeping.
Yes, well I suppose she would be tired, he continued in the same annoyed voice, seeing as how she does no sleeping during the flea-bitten night.
Whats that supposed to mean? Sara demanded, echoing her Landlords ire.
Pella, however, wasnt in the mood to play word games with an artless teenage girl. His countenance become menacing.
What game is this meant to satirize? he asked in return. Youve ears, girl, and the ability to use them. Dont pretend deafness to your Mamas screamingthat eerie midnight calling that you hear with as much clarity as I and the rest of my tenants, more even.
I didnt mean Sara began.
Your brother told me something of your story, Pella said, referring to his brief encounter with Rose, so I know youre not without your struggles. But if my tenants are unhappy, then I must be also. Months without a silent night have stirred their minds into fear and superstition. A few more nights of this and I wont be able to defend your family from accusations of witchcraft.
Witchcraft? Sara exclaimed, letting go her grip on the door. Were in mourning, not
Then mourn quietly, Pella scolded, pushing his way inside. Itll do none of us any good to have your mother buried alive. Andas I have no desire to be a part of thatif she cant keep quiet, Im going to have to kick you out.
But my sis Sara started in protest before realizing she had almost revealed Roses disguise, but we paid for these rooms!
Your gold will be returned, Pella said sadly, and in full.
But we have nowhere else to go! Sara cried at him.
Then we must find a way to make this situation work, Pella said pointedly. Without another word, he disappeared from Saras vision and she closed the door behind him.
As she turned back to the room, sinking in upon herself, a sudden movement drew her eye to her mothers chair. For a heart-wrenching instant Sara thought it might have been her Mama, returned to them from her lethargy at lastbut it was only her youngest sister Tobi coming to sit at their mothers feet.
You scared me, Sara said, trying to smile unconcernedly. Arent you getting tall?
Tobi said nothing, but stuck out a spiteful tongue at her older sister and disappeared again within the second room.
Sara sighed, leaning against the door as though to hold out all the world. It would push its way in, she knew. It was only a matter of days.
For the hundredth time, Sara cursed her mother, whose empty green eyes looked unseeingly forward. She cursed Rose too for having the gall to abandon them.
* * * * *
Rose entered Fenrics cabin to find him engrossed in his writing. Leaning on the solid doorframe as the ship swayed upon the mild waters, Rose cleared her throat. The Captain wants to speak with you on the bow, she said icily, the residue of her frustration yet to wear off.
I shall be there presently, Fenric said, his tone placid and unassuming. He looked up and gestured for her to enter. Reluctantly, she closed the door and approached. Tell me, Master Rose, he said, holding out a sheet of paper towards her, what does this say?
The page he held had written upon it a handful of letters. Rose drew nearer so that she could clearly observe them. Her instruction of the alphabet was as yet incomplete, but the Scribe had focused on these letters in particular, and she knew them well.
It says your name, she told him, taking a seat and crossing her arms. Fenric.
Thats very good, Fenric praised. He nodded with the pride of a schoolteacher and chose to ignore her insolent gaze, taking up his pen once more. Ill need you to be very sure of recognizing the word.
Im sure, Rose said stonily. Unable to hold in her resentment for another second, she blurted: What exactly are you playing at?
Fenric continued the writing hed begun without reacting to the bitterness in her words. Youre going to have to be more specific, he murmured.
What youre doingthe comments youre making, Rose explained, about me.
Master Rose, Fenric said, looking up at her with concern, in the game were playing, it does neither of us any favors to doubt one another.
Game? Rose asked, taken aback. I gave up everything to be here, this isnt a game
All life is a game, Benson Rose, Fenric said, finishing his letter and blotting it adeptly. It may be one of strategy or of luck, orif were fortunatea game with no purpose save enjoyment. Whatever it may be, however, we do well to recognize that it is, in fact, a game. Only then can we discover the role we play in it. If we do so mindfully, were more likely to have our influence felt. Furthermore, if we find ourselves in a game with a winner and loserone of life and deathwere all the more likely to conquer and survive.
Then why are you setting me up for failure? Rose yelled, unable to contain her frustration. In here you teach me letters and treat me with respect, but out in front of people you say that Im weak and feminine!
In front of people, exactly, Fenric smiled, as though feeling the situation explained.
I dont understand, Rose moaned, her frustration giving way to confusion. I thought you wanted me to be here
And whats suggesting that I dont? Fenric inquired.
Youyou keep saying things, Rose said lamely. Things that make people laugh at meyoure like a bully.
Yes, well I suppose laughter can hurt sometimes, if were unprepared, Fenric replied, beginning to catch the sense of her unease. I like to think of it as the very best of distractions.
Its not a distraction! Rose found her voice again. Its bringing attention to things that I cant hide. Theyre laughing at me. Because of you!
Tell me, Benson Rose, Fenric leaned his elbows against his table and looked at her thoughtfully, do men have bulging muscles? Do you? Do men have facial hair? Do you? No? And did you truly believe that your peers would simply not notice your shortcomings? What is it that youre doing, exactly, to keep them from being suspicious of you? Nothing that I can see. So I try to be of help.
By pointing those things out? Rose demanded, incredulous.
Yes, precisely, Fenric said with a nod. If your companions are made aware of your embarrassment over being less muscular or less hirsute than you feel you ought to be, then theyll view it as your genetic inferiority and stop short of questions. Always remember this: clothing alone does not a disguise make.
Rose swallowed heavily. This was exactly the point shed been most unsure about with the Scribe, and exactly the reason for her frustration. Did he know what she was? Had he recognized her as the girl whod walked down the stifling black stone alley? Some days she was sure that he must, and yet, with how ruthlessly he teased her, it seemed impossible that he would bring a woman aboard. D-disguise? she stammered, I dont need a disguise
Come now, Master Rose, Fenric said smoothly, theres no need for such artifice between us. Your true identity is the reason youre of such interest to me.
Rose blinked several times, each release of her eyelids wiping away a question shed been too frightened to ask.
Youyou know? she hissed. Why did you fight for me to be part of the crew? You dont expect me toto do for you
Please, say no more! Fenric interrupted, seeing a look of disgust on her face as she considered what an old man might want from a young woman. I will always tell you the truth. And the truth is this: I havent asked you aboard to take advantage of you.
Oh, Rose said, her shoulders hunched as she rearranged her memories of the man. I guess you know then that my name isnt Ben
Ah! Fenric interrupted once more, lifting a lined hand. I amend my earlier words. Let our only secrets be our given names.
Rose frowned at him. It struck her as odd that he would admit his name to be an alias. Yet, she knew he wasnt the type to make mistakes. What was he playing at by letting that slip? She felt the desire to run away, wondering what monstrous things a man had to do before required to forsake his own name. This thought was too unsettling. She tried to think instead of her own problems on the ship. So what am I supposed to do?
The same things you were doing, except with awareness and intent, Fenric said nonchalantly. You must recognize that the character of Benson Rose is but that, a character. He draws upon all that you are, but he should notmust notbe you. He can be a proud boy who is insecure about his inability to grow a beard. He can be a fastidious boy who takes care of his cleanliness privately. He can be an adventurer. He can love women. He can be whoever you want him to be. He is your tool. He is your weapon. Let others laugh at him, what has that to do with you? Make his insecurities your strengths.
I Rose considered, trying to look upon her shipboard life with a new degree of detachment. Could she hide what she felt for the Captain behind a character of competence and strength? Could she stand up to Cricket with her brothers self-confidence? I hadnt thought of it this way.
Thats why Im here, Fenric said with a smile, to guide you. And so now I have: be the character, not yourself.
Rose found herself fighting the idea. Could she still be friends with Tappan if the person befriending him was a fiction? The idea repelled her. I dont want to lie all the time.
No character should be fully a lie, Fenric said in agreement. If they didnt draw upon all that we arewith slight modifications, of coursethey wouldnt be believable. You must also be yourself.
Rose nodded, wondering what parts of her own personal history she could let others hear while dreading the thought that anything must be thrown out.
Good, Fenric said, pleased to see her deep in thought. He adjusted in his seat, preparing himself to speak. Ill go to the Captain in a moment, but first you must tell me: do you bleed?
Excuse me? Rose snapped. Her eyes shot up to his face in shock.
Monthly, Fenric clarified, do you bleed?
Rose attempted to hide her mortified expression as blood rushed to her cheeks. She mumbled as loud as she dared, I do not want to discuss that with you.
And I dont want to discuss it with you, Fenric said in hearty agreement, but one must sometimes do unpleasant things for the greater good. Its of the utmost importance to me that your disguise not fail, so tell me, do you bleed?
Y-yes, Rose said, feeling she might die of embarrassment.
Right, Fenric said, adjusting in his seat in what Rose recognized as his own discomfort. This is what has to be done
As Fenric talked her through the method of concealing herself in mortifying detail, Rose sunk further down into her seat, cheeks violently red.
* * * * *
The boy called Teagan pushed his oar through the icy water, his cool gray eyes on the broken horizon and his cheeks rosy in the cold, Bruinbak air. He could hearnot through his unused ears but through his skinthe buzzing of his guardians deep voice. He did not understand the words, but they soothed him anyway. Briggan was a speaker of quiet intensity: he spoke at the level of the waves, with a calming timbre so in tune with the icy landscape that it juxtaposed his muscular, fur-covered body.
Though his Bruin guardian embodied every semblance of safety and strength the boy had ever known, Teagan viewed him with an empty-eyed indifference. Nothing in this cold landscape had ever held any meaning to himno person, no place, no thing. All was ice, to the growing boy. All was empty.
The bleached wooden canoe crunched against the icy shore on which they landed, and Briggans giant boots soon followed. Letting his body become limp, Teagan allowed himself be lifted from the small boat and set upon the clean white snow. He squinted at the sudden brightness, looking up for the first time at the mountainous glaciers that surrounded them. In contrast to the newly fallen snow, their edges were a deep, eternally cold blue.
Heaving their backpacks from the canoe, Briggan placed the lightest on Teagans shoulders and tied it around his waist. Also around his waist, the Bruin attached a short length of cord that connected them at the belt. The boy knew that by Bruinbak standards he was too old to still be traveling with a tether, but he didnt much care. The Bruin Fjords and the ice fields beyond were lands of constant danger. In the ever-changing landscape of melting and freezing glaciers, it took only one misstep to fall through a fissure and down into the unknown depths of ice and sea. For the absent-minded Teagan, who never paid much attention to one step or another, a cord was still a necessity.
And so they set off, Briggan diligently thrusting his steel-tipped spear into the path ahead of them, checking for hidden hollows. Only when he knew the ground ahead was solid did he take a carefully measured step. Shifting his weight, he again shot out his spear, testing, and the slow process of walking the ice began again.
Theyd been hiking for nearly an hour when their quarry was spotted: a brilliantly white Ice Bear and her two small cubs. The creatures were slowly plodding through the camouflaged landscape.
At the sight of them, Teagan smiled. At the thought of what his guardian was about to do, the smile fell.
Quietly setting down his heavy pack and removing Teagans with practiced ease, Briggan detached a bow and arrow from each. Still tied together by a tether, the mute boy followed his guardian behind a jutting rock. They watched the bear cubs capering around their mother, who lumbered resolutely seawards.
Briggan nocked an arrow, gesturing for Teagan to do the same. The boy did what he was told, but a small ache grew steadily in his heart. He knew what came next, of coursethey would kill the mother and cubs and stain the white snow incongruously red.
Pulling back the arrow with his strong arms, Briggan closed one eye and watched the wind dance through the white fur lining of his heavy hood. He adjusted against it.
Teagan aimed as well, pulling back on his much smaller bow. He aimed it to where he knew the bears heart would be, then shifted ever so slightly away. He shifted only enough to miss, but not enough to give the impression that he hadnt tried. His guardian didnt like it when he didnt try.
Briggan grunted his readiness and Teagan let his arrow fly. Fractions of a second later, the Bruins arrow was let loose also. Faster than the blink of an eye, Briggans arrow pierced the mother bears shoulder, sinking deep into her mighty white body. To his surprise and upset, Teagans hit one of the cubs, which had tumbled, unexpectedly, into the area he had thought would be empty.
The cub fell instantly under the fatal hit while the mother bear roared in pain and fury. Teagan, frightened by the waves of terror that pulsed from her, stumbled backwards. In so doing, he was seen. He wanted to comfort herwanted to take away her painbut she charged at him instead, full of rage.
Heedless of the danger, Briggan took up his spear and strode past the shivering boy. The wounded animal dove into range, and the Bruin shoved his spear into her thick white fur. The bear reared up, roaring. Her pain shot through Teagans brain like fire, and he clung to a nearby rock, hiding his face from her inevitable slaughter.
Something else happened, however. As the mother bear dropped her enormous weight onto all fours, there was a sickening sound of cracking ice. The fracture spread swiftly, crumbling and splitting, untilbefore Bear or Bruin could reactthe frozen landscape below them shattered and they were plummeted into an abyss.
His arms still wrapped around the rock, Teagan barely registered the ices disappearance beforeall at oncethe immense weight of Briggan was held solely by the cord around the boys waist.
For perhaps the first time, Teagan let out a long, strangled cry. He felt as though his body was being torn in two. His hands tightened instinctively around the rock, but his grip was rapidly failing. As he struggled for breath, he was pulled ever closer to the gaping chasm.
Then, as quickly as the weight had been forced upon his slight body, it disappeared. Teagan sat still, taking deep, ragged breaths. Gradually, his hold on the black stone was relaxed. His eyes never strayed from the edge of the fallen ice. He expected Briggans familiar head to pop up over the edge at any moment, but his guardian was nowhere to be seen.
After some time, Teagan slowly stood, inching towards the yawning void. As he drew nearer, he could see the sleek, hard lines of the chasm wall dropping down on all sides. Not sure of what to expect, he continued to inch forward, but the walls fell ever farther, never ending, until they were swallowed by darkness.
Feeling slightly dizzy, Teagan took a steadying breath and leaned himself over the edge, still expecting to see Briggan clinging to the icethe man of muscle and brawn who had regimented the boys every move for as long as his young memory had functioned.
There was nothing there, howeveronly ice and darkness and the end of their tether, sacrificially cut so that the boy might live.
* * * * *
The cord was ripped from Crickets skilled grasp, a pulling of the rough rope over his hands that caused the threads to heat and burn at his palms. Hands on fire, he looked up to see the surly form of Auk McRae leaning over him.
Thats damned sloppy work, boy, snarled Auk, examining the braided rope.
Cricket looked down to see that he had indeed been doing a shoddy job of it. The cord bulged in several places, the splice inexpert and unsafe. His palms still smarting, however, he turned to his would-be teacher with a spark of anger already ignited. I thought you were a monkey trainer these days. No one asked you.
Its any mans job to look for poor work, said Auk. I aint got no problem telling ye that. And if I see it more on this ship, Ill make sure ye aint on it no more.
Cricket stood, blood rushing to his face. You dont have that kind of power, he sassed, his fists forming. The only reason you were promoted at all was because you knew how to get to that stupid fishmongers town.
Aye, Auk agreed, letting the insult slip over him, and the only reason yere not the ships Monkey no more is because we took on some boys even more clueless than ye.
That aint true, Cricket cried. He pounded his chest. Im a great sailor. Everyone says so.
Show me one man whos said any such thing, Auk demanded with a chuckle. Yere as oh-blivious as a tick on a goat, but yeve pride enough to think yere the Capn of the ship.
I dont Cricket began, his face now scarlet.
Look here, I got my eye on ye, Auk said, grabbing the boys shirt and pulling him close to his own oily green eyes. And I cant have ye getting in my way. Now, ye go scrub with the newbies. Thats all yere good for.
Disdainfully, Auk released Crickets shirt and walked off. Falling back, the former shipboy smoothed out his clothes, mumbling several less-than-clever retorts as he thought of them. He checked to make sure that no casual observers had seen this exchange.
It had been seen, however, by the silent Ikpek, who was applying tar to a loose board.
Cricket gave his shirt another tug, a deep frown creasing his face. Whatre you looking at?
The silent Tikaani shook his head rapidly, his eyes wide.
You think just because you cant speak people are gonna think youre part of the deck? Cricket asked, stepping closer while holding his burning fists aggressively forward. Lazy savage. Youre as worthless as people say.
Ikpek sat up, alert. He looked around for help, but there was none in sight.
Your name sounds like someone spitting, Cricket said, sending a projectile of this substance towards the startled Tikaani.
The spittle hit Ikpeks trouser leg and he looked at it in disgust.
Cricket sneered and continued, Oh, my spits not good enough for you? Well I think it might be too good. Maybe I should make you pay for it.
Cricket lunged towards Ikpek, who stood up with wiry fluidity and sidestepped the red-haired boys clumsy grasp. Cricket raised his fists, a bloodthirsty expression coming to his eyes.
Come on, he yelled, lunging and finding that his fist had met thin air once more. Come on, defend yourself! Whats wrong, you too stupid?
Taking a step back, Cricket allowed Ikpek to regain the center of the deck. He lunged once more, and again the Tikaani rapidly shifted out of the way.
Come on, stupid savage, Cricket yelled, forgetting to keep his voice down. Fight me!
Cricket made another lunge, but as he moved forward, his body was snapped violently back. This change in momentum dropped him to the deck. He looked up to see that Auk had grabbed him by the back of his shirt. He tried to get up, but the Seconds boot held him down. He fought back tears of indignation.
The slave boys a good worker, Auk scolded. Better than ye. Dont ye be touching him, unless yere lookin to be tossed overboard.
Auk sauntered away without demanding a response. Mortified, Cricket squinted at the Tikaani, whod turned quickly back to his task. He couldnt forget what the slave boy had seen, however, and his cheeks burned with hatred.
* * * * *
Captain Kaille placed a loving hand on the familiar rise of a wooden eagles wing that rose over the rail of his ship before smoothly tapering into curved feathers nearly halfway down the hull. It seemed only a short time ago that, as a child, Kaille had climbed over the rail and onto the bowsprit, riding upon the eagles proud head as she soared across the waves. So much of his childhood had been spent on the Turnagain, it felt more like home than any other place hed ever been.
To his right, however, Jas Hawkesbury stood, incapable of feeling any such reverie for the ship beneath him. His mind was entirely occupied by the absence of the mysterious Fenric.
Do you think he means to leave us hanging? Jas said after theyd been waiting for longer than was usually tolerated.
Kaille smiled at his friends impatience. It was true that he wouldnt brook tardiness in his sailors, but Fenric wasnt one of his sailors. In truth, Fenric was more like his employer. It was an unsettling thought. Im sure he was reasonably detained, said the Captain tactfully.
Of course, Jas agreed sardonically. He mustve needed time to come up with just the right story to lull us into submission.
Kaille frowned. He knew his friend had every reason to doubt the self-proclaimed Scribe. Hadnt Fenric lied to them with every vague word hed ever suavely uttered? Part of the Captain hoped that he could get the Scribe to his destination without having to figure out whether or not the old man was a murderer. Another part of him had a feeling that the answer was far more complicated than guilt or innocence.
Patience, old friend, Kaille said. He motioned across the ship to the limping figure that emerged from below the quarterdeck. He moves slowly these days.
The two turned to watch Fenrics slow approach. The Scribes leg had been near fatally crushed when he and Ben had rescued the man from a sinking ship those fateful nights ago. When he was within easy earshot, Kaille gave him a respectful nod. Thank you for making yourself so readily available.
Your company is always welcome, Captain, Fenric said charmingly. And yours as well, Master Hawkesbury, if I may be so bold.
Jas frowned at him, crossing muscled arms over his chest.
Have you heard of Miseros Eye? Kaille asked the Scribe without further ceremony.
Not as such, Fenric answered, brow furrowed in confusion. Misero is the Illian name for the god of the sea
Aye, Jas said, as though in retort, and his Eye is the sharp knife of justice at the watery edges of the world.
Kaille held up a hand to hedge his old friends poetic streak. Every ship that sails does so as a supplication to Misero, explained the Captain, motioning to the symbol carved into the decks below them. It was a broad, solid circle, and inside another circle made of waves there was a wide eye. As his gift to us, he has bestowed a gateway to his power.
Ive seen this symbol before on the decks of Illian ships, Fenric offered, but Id never thought to ask what they were.
Thats because its your worst nightmare, Scribe, Jas grumbled. Fenric pretended not to hear this and begged his pardon, but the shiphand offered no repetition of his sentiments.
The Eye is a place of truth, for at sea, truth is of the utmost importance to survival, said the Captain, taking up the narrative. Where one is candid, its here that he receives Miseros blessing, but where one deals in deception, this is where he is forever damned.
Thats a very colorful superstition, Fenric said, trying on his most winning smile.
Ive seen with my own eyes men who were washed overboard after lying to the Eye, Jas hissed, puffing out his chest. And you risk the same for putting taboos and superstitions on level with the gods.
Kaille put a calming hand on his shiphands shoulder. My colleague feels it unwise of me to have waited so long to talk to you, Kaille explained. But in my experience, a persons first reaction to any accusation is defensiveness and denial, even if theyre innocent. Id rather speak intelligibly and with an audience, for if you answer rashly at the Eye, you may regret it all your life.
I see, Fenric said thoughtfully. I flatter myself that Im honest whenever possible, but your concern for my well-being is admirable.
Just talk, Scribe, Jas cut in. What have you to say about Whyl Winesmiths testimony against you?
I cant, Fenric began, and wouldnt claim to have left Master Winesmith unmolested.
So you did try to kill him, the shiphand accused.
Please, Jas Kaille begged. Hed considered carefully whether or not to include his friend in the interview, and he was on the edge of regretting his decision to allow it.
I understand your frustration well, Master Hawkesbury, Fenric said sympathetically. And yes, after a fashion, I suppose I did.
You suppose? Jas leapt on this. Is attempted murder a thing so uncertain in your eyes?
Indeed not, Fenric answered smoothly, but our quarrel arose from a misunderstanding. Were my suspicions found to be correct, I wouldve been honor-bound to take action.
And what were you suspicious of? Kaille asked seriously.
Ah, well, Fenric waved a vague hand, I happen to have another acquaintance named Whyl Winesmith who I, upon seeing his name on the roster to sail, assumed this man to be. For a time I wondered if he had stolen my friends identity in order to get close to mehowever, it was only the theory of a paranoid mind.
Kaille frowned deeply and looked over at Jas, who was equally incredulous.
That hardly seems a thorough explanation for Whyls fear at the very thought of you, Kaille said generously.
Fenric had the decency to look shamefaced. He ran a nervous hand through his gray hair. I, uhI can be threatening when I need to be, Captain, and I have much remorse for my behavior in this instance. I cant, Im afraid, claim infallibility.
With this confession, you must understand my further concern, Kaille pushed ahead uncomfortably. Did you he sighed, then pushed forward, did youdispatch the men on the Illiamnaut?
Fenric looked pained. The ghost of the sinking ship passed through his eyes. I didnt lay a hand on them, Captain. Thats the truth.
If not you, then who? Jas asked intensely. Was it your savages?
Jas, Kaille scolded, seeing how this line of questioning awoke a hint of fear in the Scribe, we dont need to accuse old men and children of the kind of slaughter pirates are all too happy to commit.
But Kaille Jas hissed, they bled from the eyes
I intend to get a full account of that night, and no mistake, Kaille said, pointing meaningfully at the Scribe. But for now, what I want to know is this: was the attack we saved you from one that was well-planned or one of opportunity?
Fenric seemed equally taken aback at this question. Captain, you cut to the quick, he gasped. These are my own questions about that night, ones to which I have not yet found a satisfactory answer
Youve shared too much with us to act your ignorance now, said the Captain sternly.
The ignorance is no act, Fenric implored. I can see how the attack would have been planned, indeed, but I can see a royal frigate as a welcome opportunity for pirates also. I could share my theories with you, but what good are theories in a place of truth?
The Captain looked down at the carved eye and nodded. An attack of opportunity wouldnt surprise me either. The pirates have pushed themselves into every corner of our seas
Soon their number will grow beyond our ability to protect ourselves, Jas said, jumping upon the chance to continue one of his favorite rants. Nic Pharuss negligence has led to this, we can be certain, but where have they all come from?
Fenric shifted calmly. At last, this is a thing I can tell you, he whispered intently. Theyre not pirates. No pirates are that well outfitted or that strong in number. Theyre regimented. Hired. Giving them a significant look, he muttered, Theyre privateers.
Jas, whod been scanning the horizon, turned to the Scribe in surprise. Think what you say, old man, he spat. Privateers arent just hiredtheyre sanctioned by those who govern. Are you suggesting were at war with another country and we dont know about it?
Perhaps another country, Fenric considered, perhaps our own. I dont know who hired themthey wear a coat of arms with which Im not familiar.
Kaille thought back to reports of pirate sightings and the standards they were known to fly. The arrow-struck bird? he asked. Id never seen it before a few years ago, but now its fairly common.
The bird is a Piper, Fenric said with a nod. I believe it to be in reference to the legendary beginning of the Mallar dynasty.
Kaille smiled, unbelieving, Youre suggesting that the crest means, quite literally, Death to the Mallars?
Why not, with a Usurper on the throne? Fenric asked, leaning forward on his crutch. Is it truly so difficult to believe?
Jas and the Captain shared a frightened look, as though suddenly seeing a color theyd never known existed.
What do you know, asked Fenric slowly, about the Mallars?
*

Chapter 3:
The Mallars
* * * * *
The Queen and the Piper
The Rise of the Mallar Empire
Royal Rites and Stories
Edited by Ershivard Tumberlin
*
Long ago, there was a Queen who was kind and wise and good. Her husband the King had a grand dream and, not long after they were wed, she grew to share it. They wished more than anything to end the tribal wars of the lands they loved and to unite the disparate provinces of the Great Isle into one vast, self-sustaining Kingdom.
With a firm yet a gentle touch, King and Queen toiled for many years, weaving the separate peoples togethermaking from many, one.
One day, during the Final Battle, the King was struck by an arrow, and the Queen was called to his side. Before his death, he bid her to finish their work and to rule over the realm with justice and magnanimity, and so she finished the job of uniting the Kingdom. She named it Illiamna, after their beloved sky god.
The Queens reign was marked by peace and prosperity, but as time passed and she grew older, she realized that it would soon be time to pass on the crown.
The Queen had seven sons, each of whom she loved very much. No matter how she loved them, however, she loved her kingdom more. Being wise, she knew the newly united provinces wouldnt rest easily under the wrong kind of ruler. To ensure that she would leave the kindest and wisest person on the throne, she held a contest, the prize of which was the title of King.
The Queen placed inside a circle two women who were fighting over the ownership of a lamb. The northern woman swore that she had purchased the lambs mother and therefore the lamb, in accordance with northern law. The other vowed that, as defined by southern traditions, the sheep had been merely rented, and therefore the lamb was stolen.
Then, the Old Queen bade her contestants to create peace.
Out of fairness, her seven sons were entered into the competition.
Her eldest son, who was very brave and strong, suggested the women battle for ownership. The women took a few scratches at one another before tiring of their sport, but no peace was discovered, only further animosity. The old queen saw the sense of this, nonetheless, and named her eldest son as leader of the military, but not King.
Her second son, who was very learned, sat for hours in debate with the two women, citing laws from the icy north, sandy south, barren east, and city west. The women crossed their arms, unwilling to accept any laws but their own. The Queen, however, was pleased anyway, and named her second son as chief justice, but not King.
In this manner, on the first day, the Queen appointed all of her children to prestigious posts, but none as King.
On the second day of the festival the Queen heard the solutions of the nobles. She was delighted with many of them, even though the women continued to glare angrily at one another. She appointed several, but the crown remained upon her head.
On the third day she heard the merchants. Fewer still gained posts, and a monarch had not been found.
On the fourth day she heard the peasants. The Kingdom became discouraged that she would ever find what she was looking for. Her sons, still smarting from her rejection of their rule, felt hopeful that she would be compelled to change her mind about one of them.
Midday, however, a man in patched clothing entered the circle. He smiled fondly at the two women, who were now so tired and frustrated that they despised one another more than ever.
The Queen, who had dozed off in the heat of the day, woke to a gentle melody played on a set of wooden pipes. The song was sweet and sad, and spoke to her of warm breezes upon the wheat fields. She opened her eyes to see a handsome young man with long mahogany hair and gray eyes.
Who are you, dear Piper? And how have you come to be here? she inquired.
I am Lurran Mallar, he replied with confidence and grace, and I have come to compete.
The nobles in the audience ridiculed his confidence, pointing to his ragged clothes and bare feet. Clearly, they commented, his confidence had done little for him.
And how would you solve my problem? the Queen asked him eagerly.
Lurran said: My pipes bring peace where eer theyre heard.
And then he played. The song was directed to the angry women, who could not help but listen. At first he played a melody of icy Bruinbak where cold was held at bay by thick walls and the warmth of loved ones around the fire. Then the melody changed to that of the Dunes, where sand flowed across the land like water and where the only thing worth wasting precious tears upon was the site of a long-absent friend or sister, returned from the other side of the burning sand.
Next, once both women had heard their own lives in his tune, he twined them together. In his melodic tones they heard the point of view of the other, and found that they sympathized with the others plight. When the song ended, they chattered excitedly, as though picking up on a conversation theyd been having for years. The crowd could hardly believe their eyes. When asked, the women embraced one another, saying they agreed to share the lamb and all of its descendants.
The old Queen, who understood perfectly what had happened, gravely approached the Piper.
Lurran Mallar, she said, removing the crown from her head, I give thee my kingdom. It is you who will maintain the peace of this land when I am gone.
The Queens sons grew angry. It seemed unfair that their beloved mother had given their birthright to a pauper she had only just met.
Charging down to the circle, the eldest pulled out a sword to challenge the Piper.
The second eldest began to argue the injustice of such an appointment. What, he asked, has this peasant done besides play a pipe tolerably well?
Dont you see what hes done? the Queen asked them patiently, gesturing to the two women, who were still chatting as though the oldest of friends.
They grew tired of their argument, offered one son.
It has only just sunk in what I said to them earlier, suggested another.
No, my loves, the Queen said with a smile. Theyve been united, dont you see? One cant bring together such different people under a single law and simply expect peace. One must see deep down into our common humanity, and then show us all that peace will be found within what we share. That is the lesson of the Piper.
Despite their disappointment, her sons saw the wisdom in this, and so the Mallars reigned for many generations, spreading peace and prosperity throughout the land.
* * * * *
In the warm, sun-lit sitting room of the Delahaye Estate, there sat three girls. Two were daughters of the estate, with matching auburn hair and crystal blue eyes, and the other was a girl already familiar to our story, though her unruly mahogany hair had been tamed on this day by a morning indoors. Her name was Lucy.
The eldest Delahaye daughter, the young woman Simone, perched demurely on a pale blue divan, sewing the final stitches of her youngest sisters silk frock. She leaned over her work with great care and attention, her soft gaze intent and her silken hair neatly arranged in twists and curls.
The owner of the frock-to-be shuddered in expectant pleasure as Lucy, the Delahaye ward, twisted and tied her unruly hair into tidy braids.
Simone pulled a final thread through her work, deftly working it into a knot and giving a sudden tug to detach it. She gently set down her needle and prepared to display her work to its intended owner. Lucy, however, stopped the motion with a quick draw of breath.
Dont you dare! she warned. You may be finished, but Im not.
It seems silly to just sit here with it, Simone said, frowning slightly. May I just give her a little peek?
Not a glimpse! Not even a sneak! Lucy exclaimed in answer, pushing a deft pin into the squirming girls hair. You know perfectly well that our Adeline is incapable of containing her excitement. Shell run round the room in a riot, which her braids arent ready for yet.
But Lucy, whined the impatient Adeline, a mere babe at seven years of age, from in front of her. I want to see my dress. She let out the final s as a petulant hiss.
I know you do, but weve got a lot left to do here
Lucy! Adeline cried.
so youll just have to sit still while IIm kidding! Lucy removed her hands from her work. Look: all done.
I want to see, Adeline squealed as expected, jumping up to stand expectantly before her eldest sister. I want to see!
Simone brandished the frock, holding it up to her own chest to display the soft blue color and white trim. What do you think?
Adelines jaw fell open in admiring wonder. Its beautiful, Simone! I love it so much! Taking the dress from her eldest sister, Adeline held it to her own chest with one hand and took the edge of the skirt in the other. With a flourish, she turned round the room, practicing her childish dance.
Your hair looks nice too, Simone called to her. Adeline threw them a toothy smile and continued her ballet.
Is it wrong for me to be jealous? Lucy inquired of the smiling Simone.
Of what, dear? asked the lovely auburn girl.
That I dont have a dress yet? Lucy clarified. My uncles never failed to send one before. But the ball is so soon. What if I have to wear last years? I would die!
Its a good thing theres still time, then, Simone said serenely. I kind of like having you around.
If you like me so much, maybe I should beg on my knees for one of your dresses, Lucy let the matter continue. Ive never had the patience to sew.
And I do? Simone laughed. Oh goodness, a childs dress is tricky enough, and Adelines isnt even close to being one of the fancy frocks your uncle sends from the best designers in Illiamna
I dont care who theyre from, Lucy entreated, so long as there are no more frocks! I sent him a letter immediately after the last ball saying that I was far too old for that kind of thing. If Emibelle has been presented in society, I should be too. Shes only a year ahead of me. Just because my uncle wasnt there to give permission
That cant be easy, Lucy, Simone said without guile. Her dewy blue eyes turned inward as a memory overcame her. Lucy could tell she was recalling the evening shed stood upon the top step of a grand staircase, for the first time in an elegant floor-length dress instead of the shin-high frocks of childhood, stepping forward when her name was announced. As though to share the thoughts so apparent on her face, she said dreamily, I remember when I was presented and wore a gown for the first time
I remember too, Lucy said, recalling this moment from her vantage point at the bottom of the stairs. She tried to imagine herself in Simones place, stunning and shy, all eyes on her. You were so beautiful.
Just like me! Adeline interrupted, waking the two from their shared reverie.
Just like you, knucklehead, Lucy agreed, turning in her seat to see where Adeline would run next.
Instead she saw the middle of the Delahaye daughters, Emibelle, standing in a doorway. She was the final of the three auburn-haired girls who belonged to the grand estate, but her presence didnt complete the group. Instead, she floated in, tension following in her wake.
You will not believe what happened in town! Emibelle blurted without ceremony. She wore a light blue dress fit for a morning out. In her arms she carried several wrapped boxes.
Emi, we were just talking about you, Simone said. She cleared a seat among the scraps of fabric and ribbon from Adelines dress. What happened? Did the shop finish your gown?
What? Emibelle responded distractedly, tossing her bonnet and boxes aside. Oh, yes, its being put away. No, something far better.
Tell me, tell me, Adeline begged, tossing herself on her sisters lap.
Who did your hair? Emibelle asked, holding Adelines head between her two hands and turning it this way and that. Its so uneven. Here, let me fix it. Before Adeline could protest, she was scooped into her older sisters clutch. Lucy opened her mouth to speak, but Emibelle beat her to it. Ill have you know that Linisie Estate has been purchased.
That isnt news, Lucy sneered, crossing her arms as she watched her hard work being undone.
An older gentleman from Scadia made an offer, Simone said, recalling her own intelligence on the matter. He intends to retire there.
Lucy hadnt known as much, but she shot Emibelle a look as though she had.
Well, perhaps if you let me finish, Emibelle said, rolling her eyes, you would learn that Old Mr. Lorey, that very Scadian gentleman, has an un-wed son.
This bit of news caught the attention of the girls. Oh? Simone gasped. What news of him? Is it said that hes handsome?
Who cares what they say, Emibelle waved an imperious hand, I can tell you hes handsome. Hes one Dustan Lorey. He has the rich, sun-dyed skin of his Scadian mother and the upright gentility of his Chavenean father. An exotic and fortunate blend, if I may say so.
Lucy thought back to the boy shed spoken to through the high-heather outside his carriage. I met him! she said as she realized it. The words had barely left her mouth when she was overcome with a violent blush. Only I didnt know who he was.
The Delahayes could not un-see a blush from Lucy, for whom this was a seldom occurrence. Lucy! Simone scolded. You didnt tell us youd stumbled upon a rich, handsome boy!
Well what could she know from just seeing him? Emibelle dismissed, not wanting her news to be bested. I talked to him.
I talked to him, Lucy said through the blood that rushed to her face. She tried to remember what theyd talked about, but it all seemed too silly to share. A little, she amended.
Really, Emibelle asked, her tone biting, did you know the thing about his mother and father? Did you know hes in a place to become immensely rich?
Well, no, Lucy conceded. No, in fact, the boy had seemed more interested in her, asking if she might be a fairy. No, but
Then dont butt in, Emibelle rebuked. I was telling a story.
Was he agreeable? Simone asked them both, trying to defuse the increasingly tense atmosphere in the sitting room.
Agreeable enough, Emibelle said, returning to a level of excitement below what it had previously been. Though somewhat reserved.
Oh, and now weve found his flaw, Simone smiled, patting Lucy on the knee. Hes reserved. We may cease our swooning.
An insignificant flaw, Emibelle said in his defense. Or perhaps the only flaw worth having: I can be un-reserved enough for both of us! If only his father would leave him the estate, then I think I should have no choice but to marry him.
Why would an estate matter, if you loved him? Lucy asked, scowling as she thought of how the young mans unruly curls had caught the light in the sun and breeze. The thought of him speaking with Emibelle made her sick in a way that felt quite odd.
Honestly! Emibelle exclaimed, looking to her sisters for support. You can be such a child sometimes, Goose. A girl may dream of love, but a woman knows she must marry someone already in possession of a fortune. With a flourish meant to punctuate her conviction, she tugged a ribbon into a precise bow. There, little Adeline, your hair is perfect now.
Its kinda tight, Emi Adeline whimpered, poking a feeble finger into the taut braids.
Arent you silly! Emibelle laughed, gently pushing her younger sister out of the way. She turned back to Simone. And guess what else, hes agreed to call on Papa before the weeks end so that we may dine with him soon after.
Your meeting sounds to have been extremely propitious, Simone offered in praise. Lucy glowered at the two sisters. She wanted to consider her own encounter with the boy to be of equal importance, but she had not secured an invitation to dine at his Estate.
Well, I dont want to boast, Emibelle boasted, but we spoke for an entire quarter of an hour with only Gerhin looking on, and then were joined by Papa for another quarter hour.
That makes room for considerable conversation, Simone commented, sounding happy for her sisters good fortune. What did you speak of for all that while?
Oh, philosophy, mostly, Emibelle answered breezily. Lucy rolled her eyes, knowing the auburn-haired girl to be incapable of anything of the sort. At her incredulous look, Emibelle added breezily, The latest poetry, I suppose. It was all such a whirlwind. I cant be expected to remember everything.
* * * * *
Captain Kaille removed the stopper from a bottle of rum and placed it heavily on his chart table. Jas looked at it intently for several moments before shaking his head and taking a hurried seat. Fenric, meanwhile, slowly lowered himself into another chair. Kaille sat in his own slightly higher stool, looking upon them, his senses on edge. The conversation had, without warning, become too sensitive to continue outside. It had certainly, for the Captain at least, becoming too nerve-wracking to continue without alcohol.
I think the best way to tell you what you want to know, Fenric said, still choosing every word with careful thought, is to act as a storyteller.
This is hardly a story, Kaille sighed, looking somewhat exasperated.
History is every bit a story, Fenric contended. And stories are every bit our history.
I hardly think
Stop arguing the ridiculous, Eli, Jas said, distrustful. Go on, Scribe, tell us a bed-time story.
Fenric bent a mischievous eyebrow and complied.
Once upon a time, he said, there were two brothers, Lukilar and Goddard, and they were the sons of the king.
King Leonon? Kaille asked, unsure why he needed such clarification, but not wanting to leave any question unasked.
Indeed, Fenric nodded graciously. Lukilar, the eldest by three years, grew up to take his fathers place, while Goddard, the younger, was given control of the kingdoms military, as is customary for younger brothers.
Aye, of course, Jas said flippantly. A prince is always in command.
King Lukilar ruled with a kind but strong hand, Fenric continued as though there had been no interruption. Along with his brother, he kept peace throughout the land and sea. He married his first queen, whom he loved, and had two children: the eldest Lucia, Princess of Light, and a few years later prince Lucivak, Prince of Peace. The good queen died unexpectedly and the king grieved, but he was required to marry again for political reasons. With his second wife he had a third child called Teagan, Duke of Granbury.
The three heirs, aye, Jas blurted. But what of the Usurper?
Ah yes, Fenric sighed as though at an unpleasant thought, while Goddard patrolled the Eastern Seas, a young man named Nic Pharus was working his way through the ranks of the military. As he rose, he made sure his allies were promoted also. Under the name of the King and the King Brother, these men began committing terrible crimes.
Did no one notice that evil followed this monster? Jas shouted, pounding his fist on the table. Kaille was almost glad to see him being angry at someone other than the Scribe.
Because the vile Pharus hid his actions, Fenric answered. In a carefully hidden coup where he and his men took out the last of his resistance, this charming and charismatic man won the hearts of the populace and nobility alike. He did this so well, in fact, that he was soon promoted to the position of Second to the Prince, and the realm rejoiced.
We were so blind, said Kaille sadly, shaking his head. He remembered the celebration of Nic Pharus and his high appointment, though he hadnt been particularly aware of politics at the time.
We were fools! Jas hissed.
Whatever we may have been, everyone was happy with Nic Pharus as Second. Everyone, that is, except for one person, Fenric said, holding up a finger.
Jas was all attention. Who?
Nic Pharus, Fenric replied simply. There were no further promotions to be had. No more promotions, that is, unless Goddard, the King Brother, could be disposed of.
That bastard, Jas muttered, already thinking ahead.
Because of his newfound fame and in his new role as Second to the Nation, Fenric continued, Nic Pharus was able to come before the King and accuse Prince Goddard of a plot to kill the royal family
Kaille leaned forward onto his chart table, eyes wide. He waited desperately for what would come next, but a hurried knock on his door broke their attention.
What is it? Kaille shouted crustily.
Hectors massive body filled the open door. Its Whyl Winesmith, said the dark man. Hes awake.
* * * * *
The boy Teagan awoke to sunlight. He twitched his orange tail, turning his warm belly from the sun, and gaped his toothy mouth in a wide, whiskered yawn. Opening his yellow, slitted eyes, he looked out upon the rolling emerald landscape, sniffing the air for his next meal.
Periscopic ears scanning the area, Teagan heard a cacophony of unknown sounds. Overwhelmed, he retreated back into himself. Only then did he remember vaguely that he was not a cat. He wondered what magic had caused him to awaken inside the purring body of a brazen mouser in this strange, green world. He supposed the only one who might know was the feline himself, so he opened his dreaming mind to inquire.
The cat used no language, but merely conveyed its impressions of the bugs, rodents, and birds that made up the enveloping curtain of noise.If the cats instructions had been translated into words, however, they may have sounded something like this:
The loud sound above is a flock of juicy bugs, the feline alleged, listening to the harsh whirring that emanated from the tall trees, They require climbing, which can be more trouble than its worth, though the crunch is very satisfying. Keep up, keep up!
That is a jumping bug, he considered, examining the strange green creature with long, spiky legs. The cat grabbed at it playfully, catching and holding the insect. He lunged at it with an open mouth, but didnt bite. Released, it jumped to the cats nose, where they stared at one another. Then it sprang away, pushing the cats nose down with surprising force as it went. Theyre just for fun.
The cat approached a flowering bush where a butterfly flapped gently by. Pretty bugs. They like pretty things, thought the Cat, batting at the bright wings and frolicking after as it fluttered out into the field.
Suddenly, the Tom Cat veered in another direction. That buzzing is bad, he explained of the bush full of hornets. Its the sign of stinger bugs. We keep away from that.
The cat veered into a different bush and buried himself in the cool, shaded ground. This is good dirt, he purred, rolling around for several minutes before scampering off once more.
He stopped to listen, and Teagan strained his ears. That is sky song, the cat informed him, made by sky mice. I like sky mice. They taste best. Hard to catch. Hard to catch!
Rounding a hedge, the cats mind became suddenly silent. He sat low in the grass, his shoulders arched and body low, ears to the side. He watched a bird as it bobbed to and fro, pecking at the ground. With silent steps, the cat stalked ever nearer. The bird, finished with its meal, fluttered its wings and took to flight. The cat, knowing it was already too late, pushed forward from its powerful hind legs anyway, batting at the empty air.
See? he thought, when the hunt had finished. Hard to catch. The cat sat on the spot and licked his paw as though he had rushed forward for that particular purpose.
Then, just as hed decided to bask in the sun a bit more, there was a telltale rustling from behind a tree.
Hello crooned the cats hunter brain.
From far away Teagan felt an insistent nudging against his human arm, but he pushed it away. Hed never been a cat before, and he wasnt eager to leave. He wanted to stay as, placing one paw carefully in front of the other, the cat moved silently upon the trees high roots. His eyes rested on a robust brown field mouse. The rodent nervously licked its paws clean, then wiped at its veined pink ears. The cat crouched low, shifting his body weight in preparation for the pounce.
How do you? Teagan wondered.
Shh! the cat hushed, licking his chops silently. Ground mouse.
From elsewhere the nudging grew more persistent. Teagan felt it keenly, but he still wasnt ready to leave. The nudging became a sharp pain, however, and his consciousness was pulled unwillingly away.
The cat leapt just as Teagan opened his human eyes. He woke to find a very different kind of animal watching him. He was being pushed, it seemed, by a shapeless cloud of white. As his eyes adjusted to the brightness, however, he saw that it was the second Ice Bear cub from the disastrous hunt, now alone.
With a sudden intake of breath, Teagan sat up quickly. His legs dangled into the endless chasm, and the quick motion of rising almost made him fall forward into its depths. Waving panicked arms to catch his balance, the boy sat, panting.
Suddenly, the starkness of the vast white landscape returned, rendering empty the parts of his soul that had fed on the delicious wildness of being a faraway feline. He wondered vaguely if the cat had caught his prey, but then he felt the gentle nudging nose of the white bear at his side. The sharp pain he had felt returned.
Shakily, Teagan pulled off his thick, fur-lined mitten. There were small puncture wounds where the bear cubs young teeth had broken his skin in a struggle to gain the boys attention. Turning to the bear, Teagan met its dark black eyes, which stared back at him without fear. He felt close to the young cub. It, like him, was now completely alone in the world.
Shifting his bare hand over the cubs head, he placed the first two fingers of his primary armhis bow fingersupon the bears furry brow. It was a motion hed seen the Bruins do many times to greet loved ones, though hed never cared enough to learn what it meant.
Perhaps it was the residue of his recent encounter with dream magic or perhaps that hed simply never touched a live animal before, but when the boys skin came into contact with the bears dense fur he felt what might have been the cubs thoughts. As though from a memory, he could recall the Ice Bear mothers snowy den and her warm milk. From the cub pulsed hazy memories of safety and satiation, of protection and kinship. In the memory, the sunny, white landscape outside the shaded den was still but a bright hope for the future that she and her brotherher beloved playfellowwould explore on a distant someday.
Teagan lifted his fingers and the connection was broken. The memories of food and warmth made him feel all the more hungry and cold. He licked his chapped lips, more thirsty than hed ever been. There was a small amount of food and drink in the bags that sat above him, he vaguely knew, but he lacked the will to retrieve them. Hed lost track of how many nights had passed since hed come to be here. It felt, at times, as though hed always been there, suspended on the edge of an endless pit.
The ice bear cub rolled its weight into Teagans body, burrowing its sleek head into the boys fur coat and nuzzling against him for warmth and company. Teagan laid his uncovered hand on the bears insulated fur, feeling her soft, shallow breathing.
Closing his eyes against the intense white light of the ice field, Teagan woke again when it was dark, and much later when it was light again. The breath came from his cracked lips like a rattle, reluctant to part with the moisture that each exhale released into the wasteland of cold. His mind had become clouded, his eyesight fuzzy. Lying down began to seem like a good idea.
Just as he was considering this action, the ice bear growled and lifted its head. Teagan wondered if it had read his intentions, and looked down at the bear, which shifted restlessly under the boys dark-edged, frostbitten hand. It turned to look at him, sniffed his fur coat, sneezed, and then waddled off with surprising speed.
Brow furrowing with difficulty, Teagan looked up out of the chasm to the rise of snow on the other side. Upon it stood a shadowy figurea hunter. Unable to process this new information, his moisture-starved mind shut itself down.
Eyes rolling back into his head, the boy Teagan fell back, motionless.
*

Chapter 4:
The Spy
* * * * *

Two Brothers on the Sea
The Old Mariners Songbook
Compiled by Eberard Fink
*
A boat goes a rowin
a rowin on the sea
Four hands be a rowing
a rowin brothers be

Oars go a droppin
a droppin in the blue
And boat goes a sailin
a sailin two by two

Each man pulling for the other
Each man pulling for his brother
Boon be high 
and heart be weather
Zounds theyre born 
to row together

Aye-yah-doon 
and brack-lah-bree
Can none but 
honest sailors be

The day were a bluein
a bluein up above
Upon came a floatin
a floatin then a dove

Bird be a landin
a landin on the ding
By morning be a risin
a risin not a wing

Each man wonders at the other
Each man wonders at his brother
Boon be high 
and heart be weather
Gonds they cannot 
think together

Aye-yah-doon 
and brack-lah-bree
What liars do 
their brothers be?

Brothers be a yellin
a yellin in disgrace
Who should be a killin
a killin birds of grace?

Each be a blamin
a blamin kindred men
Backs be a turnin
a turnin on his kin

Each man cannot trust the other
Each man cannot trust his brother
Boon be high and 
heart be weather
Twerns theyll tell 
their lies together

Aye-yah-doon 
and brack-lah-bree
When trust is gone 
then who be free?

A boat goes a rowin
a rowin on the sea
Four hands be a rowin
a rowin brothers be

The oars go a droppin
a droppin in the blue
And boat goes a circlin
a circlin two by two

Each man pull against the other
Each man pull against his brother
Boon be high 
and heart be weather
Hoons theyll neer 
work together

Aye-yah-doon 
and brack-lah-bree
They done be forever 
a circlin in the sea
* * * * *

Hes up and walking! Tappan hailed as Cricket walked up to them, his manner surly.
I heard Auk bruised your backside, Rose said, feeling a strange lack of allegiance for either the redheaded boy or his greasy tormentor.
What, did the savage tell you that? Cricket demanded, shooting a frightened look at the mute Ikpek.
Nah, Tappan said slowly, curious that the former shipboy would give in to such absurd accusations. I dont reckon Ikpeks the type to tell anything. Auk mayve mentioned it, though.
Aye, well, he didnt tell the part where I got in a few good whacks before he jumped me, Cricket said defensively. I dont think hell be coming back for more anytime soon.
Really? Rose laughed. He looked fine to me.
Crickets pupils grew small. He made a fist and smacked it into his own palm. You saying you dont believe me? You want a few whacks yourself?
Nah, were all good on whacks, thanks, Tappan answered genially. 
Im sure hes just as bruised as you say, Rose added, trying to mask her sarcasm.
Aye. He is, Cricket insisted. I know how to give a solid punch. Broken a few noses, even. He took a step towards the boys. You sissies done that? You ever broken a bodys bones?
Not me, Tappan answered with a wry laugh. I reckon my life wouldve gone real different if Id struck a few people. Nah, not me.
What about you, Misses Monkey? Cricket said with a sneer. You ever put your petticoats in danger and punched a body?
Yeah, Rose said, trying to sound tough. This one time I grabbed a big stone and
Aw, that dont count! Cricket cried. A stone? Thats practically girl fighting. No! You want bone on bone, wit on wit, man on man.
Maybe you want man on man, Rose said under her breath, upset to have her own experience belittled. Tappan smiled in return, his expression guilty.
Hey! You think Im joking? You wont last a year on this ship if you cant fight, Cricket shouted. A smile blossomed on his face and he began to saunter in front of them. Matter of fact, Id be doing you a disservice if I didnt do something about it right now. Without warning, he grabbed Ikpek and put the silent boy in a chokehold. Alright, which one of you sissies wants the first go at my new punching bag?
Let him go, Cricket, Tappan said quietly. We dont want to hit our friend.
Thats your first problem: savages aint friends, Cricket said. But if youre gonna be like that about it, how about this: if you dont punch him, I will, and I aim for the balls.
Just let him go, Cricket, Rose said, irritated. Were supposed to be working.
Well get in trouble, Tappan agreed.
You want to know trouble? Cricket laughed meanly. Just try crossing me. I dare you. Just try it!
Let him go! Rose demanded.
On the count of five, Im gonna do it, Cricket said, jerking the ever-silent Ikpek by the neck. One of you sissies gonna to do it first?
Let him go, Tappan warned, or Ill get Auk.
Get Auk and Ill beat this slave filth bloody right now. Therell be no count, Cricket advised, his smile growing broader. Five!
Just back off, okay? Rose begged nervously, eyes on Ikpeks frightened face.
You dont have to do this, Tappan added.
Pretty sure I want to, Cricket corrected. Four!
Tappan walked away suddenly. He passed by Rose and paced behind her, seeming tormented.
Three! Cricket continued. Come on, what are you, mice?
Cricketcome on Rose pleaded. Ikpeks eyes were screwed shut.
Two!
From behind her, Rose felt a rush of air. She saw Tappan run forward and punch Ikpek painfully across the face. He paused after the deed was done, watching as Ikpek fell to the deck, unconscious. Then he ran.
Cricket, also looking down at the unconscious boy, became pale. He too turned to run in the opposite direction. He bumped into Auk on his way, but bolted past the Second without a word.
Rose opened and closed her mouth like a fish as Auk surveyed the scene. She wanted to explain that it had been Crickets fault, not the others, even if Tappan had done the deed. Auk seemed to already know this, however. He lowered himself to the Tikaanis side.
Cradling Ikpeks head, Auk patted it gently, cooing, come on round, boy. With a soft groan, the Tikaani opened his right eye, the left already swollen. Auk turned his head to take in Rose, who watched them anxiously. Were ye a part of this hubloo?
Wewe tried to stop him Rose said haltingly.
Auk sniffed angrily and spat against the rail. Glancing back at where Cricket had disappeared, he heaved a sigh and motioned for Rose to leave. Go on, Ill see the boys alright.
Rose nodded, grateful for the dismissal.
* * * * *
Captain Kaille held out a hand of greeting to his inmate before remembering that the shackled man would be unable to reach. He dropped his arm quickly, scanning the recently awoken Whyl Winesmith with a critical eye. He was younger than the Captain, if only by a few years, and boasted thick sandy-brown hair and brown eyes. Kaille took careful note of the mans soiled uniform, mismatched leather boots, and bandaged head.
They exchanged civil introductions, and Kaille took a seat beside the supine figure. Jas stood opposite him.
Its a great relief to wake elsewhere from a sinking ship, Captain, Whyl said, grinning feebly. I know Ive woken a few times now, but it was always hazy before. Until this moment I was inclined to believe myself dead and on the way to the underworld.
No, just below the decks of my ship, Kaille said with a shake of his head, feeling unease at the prisoners lack of tact. Though I can see how you might make that mistake.
What ship did you say it was? Whyl asked, leading.
The Turnagain, Jas Hawkesbury offered when Kaille remained stolidly silent.
Oh, Whyl sighed, searching his memory. I dont know that Ive heard of
A humble merchant vessel, Kaille explained. Nothing worthy of notice or song.
Whyl inclined his head, and he and the Captain studied one another uncertainly. Whyl was the first to look away.
Weve come to ask clarification, Jas prompted. There was something you said when first you woke. Do you recall it?
Recall it? Whyl snorted, turning his eyes gratefully up to the amber-haired Jas. What minute have I spent in the last months that was free of those fears?
And of the object of said nightmares? Jas pressed. What say you of him?
You wish to speak of the scribe Fenric, Whyl stated. He looked upset at the idea.
On the contrary, Kaille announced, lacking humor, it was you who broached the subject.
Yes, Whyl said, sneering at Kailles rude reply, I suppose in a frenzy of fever I may very well have expressed the wish to be made safe from a murderer.
You do, then, accuse him of this great evil? Jas breathed, eyes wide.
I would call out a monster, yes, Whyl said, looking pleadingly at Jas.
Fenric is as odd a fellow as Ive met, but hes shown no signs of being violent, Kaille groaned, rubbing his forehead and adjusting in his seat. In fact, he seems to avoid violence with preemptive bribes of immense wealth.
Yes, he is known for his generosity, Whyl explained, as well as his ability to act any part. That hes convinced you theres nothing to be wary of is a testament to his skill.
Or to his benignity, Kaille corrected. You could apply such logic to any mild-mannered gentleman whom you wished to bring down in the estimation of his peers
Fenric has no peers, Whyl scoffed at the Captains words.
Youve reached the end of my patience, Winesmith, Kaille said, feeling his ire rise. Either tell me what reason you have for thinking the Scribe a murderer or return to your months-long stupor. At least I couldnt fault an unconscious man for being less than forthcoming.
Whyl pursed his lips at the harshness behind Kailles words. He growled in a low voice, I think I shall stay awake this time, Captain, thank you.
He doesnt mean to be short Jas began. Kaille raised an argumentative eyebrow, but the shiphand continued, He, like all of us, just want to hear your side of the story.
Relive a nightmare, you mean? Whyl smiled sadly. Do you know what you ask? He looked imploringly at the Captain, but met no compassion in the icy blue eyes. His jaw tightened in resolve. I was running below decks as the ship sank, pursued by the Scribe and thinking myself to be a dead man. And yethere I am. Perhaps its I who should be asking you: what happened?
Kaille stood quickly, feeling fury he didnt fully understand. He towered over the reposing Whyl, who couldnt help but cower.
If youre seeking to garner our pity by refusing to answer our questions, youre sorely mistaken, Kaille said crisply. Now tell me what reason you have for calling a man a murderer.
Is the bloodshed you encountered on the Illiamnaut not proof enough? Whyl cried resentfully.
Jas held up a hand to the Captain, who had clenched his jaw. Are you saying that Fenric killed all those men?
Well, it wasnt a clan of mermen, Whyl snapped.
Kaille squinted, but held himself back. He said only, I think a sane person would assume that the violence we saw was done by the same pirates who attacked my crew.
You saw him do it? Jas asked, trying to return to the point. Kill all those men?
Didnt have to, Whyl said, clutching at his bandaged head, I saw enough firsthand when the spy tried to kill me first.
Without a word, Captain Kaille rose from his seat and hurried from the room. Reluctantly, Jas followed.
* * * * *
Rose glanced into each corner and crevice of the vast wooden ship as she searched below decks. Finally, she spotted Tappan sitting in a dark corner, cradling his bloodied hand.
He tensed when he heard footsteps, but upon seeing his fellow shipboy, he relaxed. Just taking a break, he said with a grin that didnt quite reach his eyes. At Roses silence, his features fell into a look of shame. My hand hurts. Ive never punched anyone before.
Is that why you did it? Rose asked. Because it was time?
Nah, I just wanted Cricket to shut up about it, Tappan said with a laugh. He said hed go after Ikpek if I didnt, so I thought maybe I could lighten the blow. Like I said, though, Ive never done it before. He showed her his bruised knuckles. If it hurts me like this it must have hurt him more. I mean, Ive been on the receiving end plenty of times, so I know it must have. How can I ask forgiveness from a guy who doesnt understand a word I say?
Rose shrugged. She frowned and asked, Who hit you?
Oh, just my pop, said Tappan with a shrug. The normal type of thing, you know.
Rose shook her head. Shed roughhoused with her brothers plenty of times, but theyd never hit one another with the sole purpose of causing pain.
No kidding, your pop never hit you? Tappan asked incredulously. Trying to imagine how this could be, he asked, Was he dead?
No, he just Rose began. If she thought about it, her father had occasionally hit her oldest brothers, Tad and Meson. She wondered if her father had treated her differently because she was a girl. She couldnt remember Benson ever talking about being hit, however, and that she would have remembered. Rose answered with a shrug, No, he just used up all his discipline on my older brothers. Wasnt any left by the time he got to us.
Us? Tappan echoed. You have a lot of siblings, then?
Us means my twin sister and me, said Rose after a moment, trying to make up a compelling story that was as true as it could be.
Twin sister, Tappan repeated with an impressed whistle. Well aint that something? Does she look just like you?
Nah, shes shorter, Rose said with a laugh, remembering how she had compared herself to Benson on their last day together. Less muscles, if you can imagine.
Tappan squeezed her arm, amused tears in his eyes. I cant! he barked.
Better facial hair, though, Rose said through a smile, not sure whats going on there.
Tappan threw back his head in a laugh and Rose was delighted to see how Fenrics advice had been implemented. Her fellow shipboy didnt look at her as though she was inadequate as a result of her self-deprecating words. He looked at her as though she was a friend.
What happened to her? Tappan asked after hed caught his breath. He wiped at his eyes.
Shes Rose considered. She hadnt been prepared for that question. It wouldnt do to say that a girl was a prisoner on a pirate shipthey would never believe such a story. Shes gone now.
Thats gotta be hard, Tappan said sympathetically, not asking for details. I had a few siblings too.
In Baxley? Rose asked, lowering herself to sit beside him.
Sure enough, Tappan said. Pop was a stone cutter, same as everyone, only he drank too much to get very far in the trade. He bowed his head, a haunted look coming over his eyes. Always took it out on us.
Whatd you do? Rose prompted after several moments had gone by.
Tappan looked up, I stood up to him one dayand he beat me within an inch of my life. Gave me this, he lifted his shirt and pointed to a scar along the length of his back. And then he kicked me out, the shipboy continued. I wanted my Ma and family to come with me, but they didnt think I could take care of myself, let alone a family. Tappan grinned wryly, Turns out I cant, neither. Got some quick work on a fishing boat, earned my way to Portridge. Hoped to find some employment therebut couldnt find nothing but a gutter to sleep in, and not really much of that either. With a vengeful tone, he muttered, Its a terrible place, Portridge.
It really is! Rose cried. She couldnt have agreed more. For a moment she felt the gnawing regret that her own family was still in that terrible place, but she shook off the feeling. So then you joined the crew, she prompted, keen to complete the story.
Aye, with you, Tappan said with a nod of his head. So far so good, except Cricket seems like a right old bully. I dont got a great record with bullies.
Rose looked ahead thoughtfully. Cricket was a bully indeed, and it was becoming clear that if they werent prepared to worship him, they had better take steps to neutralize the boy instead. Rose didnt know what this might mean, but there was only one thing she was any good at anyway. Maybe we just have to beat him at his own game.
Tappan turned his head. I like the sound of that. How can I help?
Tell me what you know about him, Rose asked, the somewhat rusty cogs in her brain creaking into reluctant motion. She needed to think.
* * * * *
I dont believe him, Kaille said simply when he and Jas had regained the decks.
I could tell, Jas scowled disapprovingly, disappointed to have been taken away from his murder mystery. And why is that?
The color of his hair, Kaille offered vaguely. The timbre of his voice.
Youd throw out his testimony because of the color of his hair? Jas asked, appalled.
And his voice, Kaille reminded.
How can you distrust Whyl based on so little information? Jas gaped.
You dislike coming to conclusions based on a shortage of fact? the Captain asked, brow raised. Tell me then, how can we possibly judge his testimony on so little information?
Hes frightened, Kaille, Jas explained. He thinks theres a murderer aboard.
I saved his life once, the Captain pointed out. And Ive kept him alive. What reason has he to be circumspect with me?
Perhaps theyre reasons of a private nature, Jas defended. And though you kept him alive, youve kept him in chains. Think how that looks.
I have two men aboard whose characters and intentions are unknown to me. On my life, Ill keep them separate by any means possible, Kaille said. If Whyl wants us to take away the threat of the Scribe, then why not paint as black an image as possible? Why hold back?
Fear, Eli, Jas explained. Maybe he knows something that Fenric is after. That would explain the Scribes insistence that we take Whyl with us and why he hasnt tried to kill the man in his fever.
I see youre already convinced of Fenrics guilt, the Captain observed.
Nay, Jas insisted, but I do like to be able to understand things from every angle. Now really, you dont believe a word of what he said? How can that be?
He doesnt carry his name, Kaille said, explaining the steady shaking of his head.
Whats that supposed to mean? Jas said, expecting a much better answer to his query.
He looks nothing like a Whyl Winesmith
Jas interrupted immediately, Is this more of your Tavern Tey madness?
Can a thing be called mad if it turns out to be entirely correct? Kaille teased, shaking off the ill feeling that had settled upon him below decks.
A lucky guess, Jas explained, and not entirely correct. Youll recall that we ended up on the floor of that nasty place. I had dirt in my nostrils for weeks. What does it matter, anyhow? Youre blinded by your preference for the Scribe. That a man does not carry his name isnt a thing you can judge him on.
Cant I? Kaille wondered. Fenric doesnt carry his name either. What say you of my partiality now?
You dont think Fenric is the Scribes true name? Jas gasped. Why havent you said something before? Whats wrong with you?
Whats wrong with you? Kaille laughed, maddened. All Ive done is say the same of both men. You, I contend, are the one who is biased.
Jas laughed sardonically, throwing his chin skywards and examining the obscured stars of late afternoon. Unsure of where to look, the Captain joined him in his examining, wondering for the hundredth time just what kind of trouble the two of them had gotten involved with. The crescent moon had risen early to watch their drama unfold, faint by the light of waning day.
* * * * *
The tall boy with gray eyes and lustrous brown hair strutted through the sleepy Tanager town. If he hadnt seen some of the rest of this island province he would have thought himself in the shabbiest of its cities, but that was not the case. Every building, person, and artifact on the entire Isle was, at a minimum, the tiniest bit moldy, as though they were all slowly being eaten away. It didnt matter to the boy on the bright autumn evening, however, since the sun shone down upon him all the same. Except for a few stolen moments on the roof days ago, it had been two years since hed felt the sun on his face.
It had also been two years since hed been able to run an errand for himself. Two years was the last time he and his gray guardian had moved from a quaint farming village in Hartshire. Things had been better there, the boy recalled. He hadnt been confined, and had even helped bring in a harvest or two. When hed been found out, however, theyd been forced to run for their lives.
The tall boy shook the memory of this flight from his head. No one knew to look for him here on these decaying shores, after all, and there was no point in denying himself the pleasure of yet another sunny afternoon.
Having no money, the boy could only look around at the signs and shops on either side of the wide, cobbled street. The scent of pastries filled his nose as he walked past a bakery. He breathed in deep, joyous breaths of the heady aroma. It smelled so fresh, so bright amidst the light of the day.
The boy walked happily on, smelling the wares of the apple sellers, watching the blacksmith pound the red-hot metal at his forge, and blushing at the pretty girls in their slightly moth-eaten dresses. And then he saw itthe small, out-of-the-way sign of a Book Lenderthe kind of shop he missed most.
Hed been brought many books and was promised anything he wanted, it was true, but it was impossible to know what he wanted when he didnt first know what was available. The Book Lenders shop was overflowing with old volumes, half gone to mildew, but still mostly readable. The tall boy browsed for a time, lost in a paradise of stories, before settling upon a pirate adventure. As he browsed, he couldnt help listening to the Book Lender, who was haggling with a burly customer.
Youve a dozen of my volumes, Junke, said the Lender adamantly, Ive been more than fair. You cant have no more til you bring the others back.
Alligus, come now! Junke complained, Its my wife what keeps em. Ive just had an aphid infestation. If I dont learn how to kill em, I wont have no barley come spring.
Bugger aphids and bugger your wife, the Lender replied tersely, wresting the book from Junkes meaty palms.
Suddenly eager to get back before he was discovered missing, the boy brought his tome to the Lenders desk. As Junke watched, the youth searched his person for a trinket that the shop might hold while the book was lent. He felt out just such a thing: a shiny button all but forgotten at the bottom of his pocket. Upon it was the seal of a small bird. He held it out questioningly to the Lender, hoping it would be acceptable.
Alligus seemed startled to see the golden button, and closed the boys hand around it quickly. He handed the volume back. Please, your promise is enough for any book I have. Dont part with such treasure for an entire library, he said of the boys offering. Keep it always.
Junke, still upset at the Lenders refusal, grabbed at the youths hand, snatching from it the shiny trinket. Whats this, boy? Whatre you doing carrying the Mallar bird? Whats your name?
Luc the boy started without thought. The Lender gave him a sharp look and the name was cut from his lips. Luben, he corrected, feigning a sneeze.
Both men nodded at him to leave, each eying the other tensely. The tall boy backed away, stepping from the shop and then rushing back to his apartment prison. He pushed through the open door, unthinking, where he was met by a panicked old man.
Where have you been, boy? demanded his gray-haired guardian, his tan eyes wild. What happened?
I thinkI think a man recognized me, the boy cried. Im sorry Fenric! I just wanted a book.
The man named Fenric looked at the moldy tome in the boys hand. You wanted a book? Then ask me. Ill get you a book.
But I didnt know which book I wanted the youth explained lamely. I needed to look through them
Then Ill buy you a hundred books and you may read only one, Fenric yelled. You know youre not supposed to go out.
The tall boy looked guiltily at the floor, Yes, I know. Thinking back to a day several years ago, he began, Ever since but he was forced to stop. Such thoughts were forbidden. He said instead, This isnt what I thought it would be.
No, Fenric agreed. No, its not. Yet, we must go on.
Must we? asked the boy, frightened tears coming to his eyes.
Oh yes, the man named Fenric said with a serious nod. He spoke as though to a small child when he added, Perhaps its a good time to leave, now that youve been seen. What do you say we look at a map and choose where to go next?
I dont want to go! the boy cried. Im so tired to moving around!
Lucivak! Fenric wailed, aghast. When one tires of moving, one tires of living. You think you can say your name aloud, looking as you do, and not draw the attention of enemies? Youre young, its true, but I didnt think you were a fool.
Im not
Look here, the man named Fenric said with a wag of his finger. You may be the one theyre all looking for, but Im in charge here.
No youre not. Im the pri Lucivak began.
Shut up you silly boy! Fenric said. He slapped the boy across the face. What madness is this to tempt the fates?
Fates be damned! Lucivak cried, holding his reddening cheek. I stopped before I said my name. Theyll soon forget.
You couldve been followed, Fenric disagreed.
No one followed me, Lucivak shouted, rushing away from his guardian to the dingy room in back. Ive been in hiding for years, I know what Im doing.
* * * * *
Moonlight happened at the end of the world. The boy sat in his usual collection of shadows beneath the ancient tree while the girl endeavored to be impatient, her arms crossed against the bother.
I hate it here, she said at last, pushing her pouting lip towards her brother. You always leave so suddenly.
Well, you always show up so suddenly, replied Benson tersely. Have you ever considered that?
Rose had not. She paced carefully beneath the towering Elder and towards her shaded brother, whose face remained dark despite her advances.
Im no good at planning pranks without you, she said finally, plopping down beside him. It was too dark in the depth of the trees shadow to see one another, so they stared instead at the moons reflection on the placid river. I always think too small. You were best at the big picture.
You mean I think too much? Benson asked wryly. Well, thats true. Maybe its a sign, though, that youre getting too old for pranks.
Roses brow furrowed. She dealt her brother a hard smack upon his surprised head. Its a sign that Im not with you, she cried defensively. I thought you wanted to help.
I do want to help, said Benson in his own defense. But doesnt it seem like a bad idea to play a prank on a sailing ship? Arent you the lowest ranked member of the crew? Wont you get in trouble?
See, theres that big picture thinking, sighed Rose, who had been secretly worried about this herself, though she wouldnt have admitted it. She considered her concern of being kicked off the ship, and then pushed it from her mind once more. Theres this sailora boy named Cricketwho really needs to be put in his place. Hes such a bully, Benson.
Have you tried talking to him?
Rose blinked. Her brothers suggestion sounded so logical that it was almost absurd. In that moment she doubted every action shed ever taken around the red-haired boy, wondering if her own lack of tact had brought about his violent nature. But then, her emotional mind asked, hadnt they all tried talking to him?
Gods, Benson, Rose cried, exasperated, if Id known you were actually twins with stern Sara all this time
Benson could tell hed upset his sister with his suggestion that she move on from their childhood occupation. In case he was in any doubt as to her disapproval, however, she stood quickly and huffed away. Stomping to the riverbank, she wrapped her arms protectively around her body.
Rose heard Bensons footsteps behind her, but she stared resolutely ahead.
Youre right, he said contritely. I dont need to force you to grow upor to behave in a certain way. Youll do that when it feels right.
It used to be that it felt right so long as we were together, Rose said softly through trembling lips as moisture overtook her eyes. We never even had to ask or explainwe just knew.
Benson said nothing. There was nothing to say. He too watched the unmoving moon that hovered above the water.
I supposejust keep it simple, he attempted after Roses tears had passed. A prank, I mean. The best trouble is usually caused by the simplest of devices. Do you know much about him?
Besides that hes awful? Rose asked roughly, swiping wetness from her eyes. Tappan had a thought. They share a cabin. He says Cricket is pretty alert every second hes awake, but once hes asleep, even the roughest storm at sea can barely wake him.
Thats it then, Benson said triumphantly to Roses back. You must catch him sleeping.
And do what? Rose demanded, the hopelessness of so many other unanswered questions audible in her voice.
I cant plan everything! Benson scolded suddenly, in a voice of irresistible play.
Rose grinned and sniffled, though she still didnt turn from the moonlit river. Instead, she took those smiling moments to gather herself to the thing she most wanted to say: I miss you, Benson.
It was said in a tiny, faraway voicealmost a whisper. She felt the weight of a cool hand come to rest on her shoulder, but no words accompanied it. At the touch she shivered and turned, effectively pushing the hand away.
Rose stood then, face to face with her brother in the silver moonlight. Despite the light that fell upon him, Bensons face remained obscured by shadows. She jerked back in surprise and disgust, and then felt herself being pulled out of their secret place entirely.
Desperate to stay, Rose grabbed hold of Bensons shoulders and shook him. She was still shouting for him to stay when she felt herself leave, waking once more upon the sea and sensing that her brother was falling even further from her reach.
* * * * *

Chapter 5:
The Noblemans Son
* * * * *
The Little Sty Maiden
Little Tales for Little Heroes
Edited By Hepsiba Hasnagle
*
There once was a beautiful girl whose father died when she was very young. Her mother was a poor farmhand and for many years the two worked the fields and farms of whichever Liege Lord would have them. Because she had a special skill for cleaning the pigpens, the girl became known as the Little Sty Maiden.
As fate would have it, the Little Sty Maidens mother caught the eye of just such a Liege Lord, who had lost his first wife the year before. The two were wed and the girl was taken into the grand estate, cleaned from head to foot of caked mud, and given her own fine room. She had little time to get used to her new station, however, as her mother soon grew ill and died.
Though the Liege Lord was more than happy to take care of the pretty orphaned girl, the Sty Maiden was inconsolable with grief. She ran from the fine house and into the room above the pigpens, where she felt closest to her dead mother. Servants were sent to fetch her, but she refused to go.
As the years passed and the Little Sty Maiden grew more and more beautiful, she forgot her connection to the Liege Lord and his family. Seeing herself as the meanest of servants, she watched his three children in awe and admiration. There were two girls who were sweet and kind, whose clean blond hair fell to their backs like flowing gold. There was a son, also, with whom the maid fell in desperate love.
The boy was of equal beauty to the Sty Maiden, though none could discern her loveliness under the layers of mud. He liked her quite well despite her dirty appearance, however, and spent many an afternoon in her company, working his land. Her stepbrother spoke to her of many things, but as he grew older, he began to talk primarily of a painted girl at court, who he dearly adored. The Sty Maiden would listen in awe of his raptures, imagining what it would feel like to be so loved. One day he spoke to the girl of an upcoming ball at which he intended to ask for the hand of his beloved, and thereafter make her his wife.
The Little Sty Maiden, devastated to learn that her love was to be lost forever, cried bitter tears into the high tide of the sea. From the oceans brine arose a water-guardian, a kind spirit who had pledged allegiance to the beautiful girl. She floated above the girl, giving the Maid protection and shelter, and asked what was wrong.
My love is going to the ball, cried the Little Sty Maiden, and I think I shall lose him forever.
Girl and guardian both dissolved into miserable tears, but unlike the Maids ineffective drops, the magical tears of the spirit rained down in torrents and cleansed the soiled girl of her farmyard mud. When the Maid was refreshed, the spirit fashioned her a shimmering gown made of swirling blue water. It flowed most prettily when the Sty Maiden moved, and she forgot her sorrows momentarily.
The water-guardian then took from the sand an empty shell and turned it into a carriage. She took squawking gulls from the air and turned them into footmen. She took fish from the sea and made from them powerful steeds. It was then that the Little Sty Maiden was ready to attend the ball.
When her carriage arrived at the palace, the girls presence was marked by all. In her shimmering blue dress that flowed like the sea she shone above every other woman there. Her heart rose in a frantic flutter as she looked around for her beloved, so that he might see her dress, but he was not to be found in the ballroom.
While the Little Sty Maiden searched, she was approached by a tall, dark young man. Before she knew what was happening, she was dancing with him. She learned that he was the Dukes son, almost a prince. Looking for her stepbrother all the while, the girl smiled prettily at the noblemans son and entertained his jokes. Though he was soon speaking to her in words of awed adoration, she was too distracted to hear his overtures, and he became jealous of her inattention. Bringing the back of her hand to his mouth to kiss, he instead bit her delicate skin, causing her hand to bleed. She looked at the wound, startled, and saw the fouled blood dripping down upon her blue gown, where the stain swirled and grew.
In pain, the Little Sty Maiden rushed from the ballroom and out to the gates, desiring to return home to her pigpen. Her blind haste to escape led her to knock down a kneeling man. It was only when her stepbrothers voice called out that she realized she had interrupted his marriage proposal. Her stepbrother stood, ready to shout in annoyance, but he was stopped by her beauty. His senses filled with the enchanting aura of the girl in blue, whose delicate hand, he saw, was lightly bleeding.
Thinking that the proposal had taken place and that her beloved was already engaged, the Little Sty Maiden was beside herself with grief. She ran back to her pigpens, her watery dress dripping away to reveal her barnyard frock, and worked furiously in the mud until she was exhausted.
Her stepbrother, meanwhile, had left the ball and was slowly making his way through the town. He searched each cobblestone carefully for a trace of blood that marked the trail of the beautiful girl who had stopped his misbegotten proposal. To his great surprise, the blood led back to his own home, and back to the simple buildings of the farm. Stepping inside the familiar barn, he saw the Little Sty Maiden sleeping, her injured hand bandaged against the mud.
He shook the Sty Maiden awake, bringing water to wash her soiled face. From out of the mud emerged the woman who had so enchanted his heart. Forgetting his girl at court, he declared to her his most passionate love, and brought her into his fathers house so they could be married at once. For a time the Sty Maiden was very happy, and the two were wed in a beautiful ceremony.
Mere days after the nuptials, however, a decree was sent from the Dukes house. It declared that the Dukes sona nobleman in his own righthad fallen in love with a mysterious woman at the ball. It was demanded that the province be turned upside down in order to discover this legendary beauty. She would be known, the decree concluded, by a particular scar upon the top of her hand.
The Little Sty Maiden, now a Liege Lady, cried upon reading this. Her fingers traced the scar given to her by the Noblemans Son, knowing that she must be the one he sought. By the law of the land, the command of a noblemans son superseded her marriage, and so she wept bitter tears.
Surprised by her strange reaction, her husband grabbed the offending hand and saw the scar as well, realizing that his wife was to be claimed by another man. Not to be so soon without his beloved, he called to his eldest sister, who presented herself before him.
With a sharp dagger, the Liege Lord pierced the skin of his sister in the approximation of his wifes scar. When the deed was done, he sent his sister to the palace. There was no word from their sibling for several weeks, but soon after a wedding was announced and there was rejoicing throughout the realm.
A year went by and the eldest sister was not heard from again. Assuming that this was due to the happiness of the noblemans son in marriage, they were not troubled. It was around this time, however, that a second decree was issued, this one with the same message as the first.
Now expecting his first child, the Husband refused to let his wife go. He called upon his youngest sister, cutting her hand as well and sending her off to the palace for the noblemans pleasure. Again, there was a wedding and his sister was forgotten.
Another year passed before a third decree was issued, once more with the same message as the other two.
Worried that her husbands sisters had come to harm or trouble, the Sty Maiden insisted that she must go. Leaving her child and spouse, the Maid ventured to the palace. She reached the imposing turquoise doors and was accepted into them. Immediately, she was escorted into dinner.
The large dining room was dim, having within it a long, narrow table. At the table was seated the tall, dark noblemans son. A chair was pulled out for her at the other end of the table, and the Maiden sat. She was careful to be complimentary of her superior, and took pains to praise the finely crafted table settings and cutlery.
The noblemans son was not to be distracted. He spoke in pleasantries for a time, recalling her to the dance they had shared at the ball those years ago. His tone soon became dark, however, and he expressed his anger that she had sent decoys who were nowhere near as beautiful as she, the true object of his affections.
All the while, the Sty Maidens eyes adjusted to the dimness of the dining room. She began to see, on the walls to each side of the table, heads and antlers of game trophies. There was every kind of creature hung on display, preserved in expressions of snarling fury or surprised pain. It frightened her to be under the stares of such cruel beasts, and yet she could not retract her gaze.
Then, the Sty Maiden saw a sight that made her blood turn cold. In the center of each wall, afforded a place of honor among the trophies, were two sets of feminine hands, stuffed and preserved, upon wooden displays. They were positioned to show the counterfeit scars inflicted by her husbands loving hand.
Reeling from the sight, her vision suddenly clear, the Sty Maiden saw too that the things with which she had been eating were all made of bone.
Rising from her chair in a surge of fear, she realized the noblemans son had moved behind her. He grabbed hungrily at her slim waist, pulling upon her dress until her shoulders and neck were bared to him. With teeth that seemed impossibly sharp, he bit at her repeatedly, causing blood to trickle down her chest.
The noblemans son reared back his head, readying his fangs for a fatal, longing bite. The Little Sty Maiden thought she would soon be dead, and cried out her husbands name one final time.
There was a resounding clang of metal upon bone and the Sty Maiden was thrust forward. She turned round to see her husband. He held in his hands the familiar sty shovel, having just brought it down upon the bloodthirsty monsters head.
It was a great crime to harm a Nobleman, but they knew he would attack again unless they acted quickly. So, the husband and wife chopped up the noblemans son and fed his body to their hogs. The realm rejoiced to find him disappeared, cruel as he had been, and they all lived happily ever after.
* * * * *
Tappan watched for the minuscule shake of Benson Roses head as Auk rounded the corner. The young shipboy continued his pretense of re-setting a nail on the hanging lantern while watching the progress of the Ships Second, straining to see whether or not he was yet out of sight.
Benson gave Auk a pleasant nod, holding the lanterns support steady while Tappan feigned to ply at the hardware. Tappan felt the sweat bead up on his forehead, sure that Auk would see through their pathetic ploy, but the Second returned Bensons nod and moved aft.
Checking that Auk was not about to return, Benson let the lantern fall back into place on its sturdy post and nodded to his co-conspirator. Tappan gave the fixture a tug and felt it solidly resist him. He wondered if Auk would check their invented work later and credit them with doing a good job.
The coast was clear, and the boys raced down the stairs and into the dim, stuffy maze below decks. Tappan and Ben moved on the tips of their boots, making minimal noise as they listened for the loud snoring they knew to be Crickets.
The ship below decks was broken into a series of shared living spaces, some large and some small depending on the relative importance of the shiphands in residence. Each space had a collection of hammocks and cots hung upon the beams. The sailors belongings laid below them in heavy wooden chests that were nailed down in the likely event of rough waters.
Since Tappan shared a living space with Cricket, he led the way towards the sleeping boy.
Cricket snored upon his bed, a blanket cradled tenderly in his arms. In sleep, he looked almost sweet to Tappanso quiet and nonthreatening. Not sure he still wanted to go through with their plan, the shipboy clenched his fist at the dilemma and felt his knuckles ache where theyd come into contact with Ikpeks face. His resolve to cause havoc returned.
Taking quiet steps, Tappan motioned for Benson to approach the sleeping boys feet. Benson looked skeptical of his plan for the first time. Youre sure he wont wake up?
You remember that storm a few weeks back? Tappan asked.
How could I forget? Benson recalled. I was thrown back and forth upon the hull for hours. I couldnt understand anything for the yelling.
Aye, Cricket slept through it, Tappan remarked, towering over the resting bully. Said later it was the best sleep of his life. Its like I told you, hell sleep through anything.
Just as the words were uttered, Cricket woke with a gasp and grabbed Tappans hand. Dont trust the grayfish, he gagged, theres more than one and they speak only in lies! His wild eyes met Tappans and they softened. He asked, frown creasing his face, Have you talked to the apple pie today? Im worried shell feel lonely.
Tappan turned his questioning gaze to Benson, but all either could do was shrug nervously. Tappan said soothingly, Aye, Crick, I talked to her. Shes just fine. Hey, go back to sleep okay?
Cricket fought this suggestion with a pathetic whine. But the grayfish
Ill make sure everyone knows, Tappan pacified. Theres nothing to worry about. Sleepytime, huh?
Cricket, his eyes still wide, nodded a few times, then crashed suddenly back into his snoring. Benson looked as uncertain as Tappan felt.
Lets get this over with, he said with a sigh, reaching for the ship boys belt. Benson Rose nodded in eager agreement and got to work.
* * * * *
Aloft on the Turnagains mast, Jas Hawkesbury couldnt resist taking in the well-made buildings of the port town at which theyd landed. It had been a good number of years since the Turnagain had seen unfamiliar shores, and Jas felt an odd nostalgia as he took in the different means of construction, the varied styles of clothing, the altogether alien landscape of the verdantly green country of Chaveneigh.
Realizing hed been inspecting the landscape to the neglect of his current task, Jas turned back to the sail he was tying into place, ready to bark an order at his assistant, the Scribes silent Tikaani. To his surprise, the savage had already finished. Jas felt a sinking in the pit of his stomach. He was fairly certain he hadnt explained how to do this task. Even if he had, Jas had been given no sign that the Tikaani spoke or understood Illiac. He frowned at Ikpek, wondering if Whyl was right that the boy should be feared. Then, he shrugged. Far be it for him to be upset that work was getting done well. It was the slave girl, anyhow, who had been so eerie and unsettling.
Task now complete, Jas hurried down the rope ladder, skipping the last few steps and throwing himself down to the deck. He hit upon it with satisfying skill, even though such displays were unnecessarily dangerous. Dusting off his tired hands, Jas noticed that his helper alit with wiry, cat-like grace. The boy was a skilled seafarerfor a savage. And for an assistant to a murdererhe added silently.
Rest your arms, Jas instructed the Tikaani with a frown, I need to see the Captain.
Ikpek smiled and nodded vigorously in a way that suggested he hadnt understood a word of this, but he gave a slight bow and walked away all the same.
Jas shook his head in confusion as he too wondered off, soon knocking at Kailles door. It was slightly ajar and showed an empty room within. Jas turned on his heal and prepared to set out when he noticed a strange sight in another part of the hall. The Scribes door, too, was slightly ajar.
On the tips of his worn boots, Jas snuck towards the strangers cabin.
Hello? he whispered, rapping at the sturdy wood with two knuckles. The force of his fingers pushed the door open further, revealing a second empty chamber.
The Scribes not in his cabin! Jas exclaimed minutes later to a busy Captain Kaille, whod been found demonstrating a task to another shipboy.
Id expect not, Kaille said with a frown, extricating himself from the task. He had business on shore.
Hehes left? Jas sputtered, shock written all over his face. I didnt see him go, butyou let him leave?
Kaille frowned at his shiphands implication. Im owed a large sum of money for abandoning my livelihood to bring him here, the Captain said in reminder, which I cant expect without first letting him go ashore to retrieve it.
Eli, have you gone mad? Jas demanded, leaning forward and speaking in a low, threatening voice. Weve a man on our ship telling us that Fenric is a maniac and a murderer, and you simply let him go? How many peoples blood will be on your hands?
None, so far as I can tell, Kaille replied harshly. I think youll find hes resisted his murderous impulses for months already. Theres no reason to think hell give into them now.
He needed us, Jas said by way of explanation, he couldnt cross the sea alone.
You could say the same of the ship we pulled him from, Kaille pointed out. Yet, it was sinking, and with him trapped upon it.
Icome now, anything couldve happened, Jas stammered. He could have
He could have, aye, Kaille interrupted. He held up a hand to stop the argument. Im not a student of the law, nor am I in the militia. I have no right to hold him, nor do I have the force to do so.
But Whyl Jas started.
is delirious, Kaille finished.
Was delirious, Jas corrected, sounding as bull-headed as he felt. He said that Fenric killed all the men aboard the Illiamnaut.
He also said that he was being bitten by snakes, Kaille said seriously. I treat all words as though theyre equally credible. Usually, somewhere in the middle lies the truth.
Some Isabien ships do harbor stow-away snakes, Jas defended meekly. Anyhow, dont dismiss what Im saying now. I talked you into taking that murderer to begin with, I feel responsible
You may have fought for him, aye, Kaille corrected, taking an aggressive step towards his employee, but it was my decision to take him here. And this is my ship. If you wish to remain on it, youll follow my orders: leave the Scribe alone.
Jas felt his body tighten. His fists clenched. Unconsciously, he mirrored the Captains aggressive stance, taking his own step forward. Then, considering what it would mean to attack a ships Captain, he softened his posture. It was the ultimate wrong in the endless blue, to attack a Captainit was the beginning of mutiny. Whatever else it might accomplish, it was most definitely the fastest way to be left behind in a foreign land, newly unemployed.
Spitting upon the deck, Jas turned on his heels and stormed off. 
Kaille, releasing the tension in his fists, watched his old friend go. He cursed in his mind the blasted Fenric, the reticent Whyl, and the ever-growing mystery that surrounded them both.
The Captain didnt know that Whyl was lying or that the Scribe was telling the truth. He didnt know anything about either of them. Despite what his biased shiphand believed, he was not yet ready to take sides. All the Captain could trust was his own gut instinctthat and the belief that, even if the Scribe was evil, he would show his hand while there was still time to make the right choice. In the meantime he was resolved to treat Fenric as the mans actions suggested he ought to be treated. It was all he could think of to do.
Staring out onto the green gem that was Chaveneigh, the Captain huffed in frustration. This wasnt supposed to be his life. He knew his trade schedule well: this time of year he was supposed to be turning the curve of Mallory, mere days from his home in Quillainbut going home held unpleasant tasks of their ownthere were people he wasnt eager to tell of Bens death
Unthinking, he hollered for his First. Ben!
Within moments, the yellow-haired shipmonkey appeared. He spoke a militant, Aye, Captain.
Kailles heart sank upon seeing Benson Rose. Once again, he realized his mistake too late. More gently than he felt, he told his new hire, I meant Hector.
Benson Rose nodded, his eyes oddly sad. I know, Captain. Ill go get him
Kaille sighed once more, holding up a hand for the boy to stop. His moment of pity was soon spent, and he squared his shoulders. Looking at Benson, he said, Its fine, youll do. Tell me, Ben, what do you know about Fenric?
Almost nothing, Benson said after several false starts. He looked towards the land on his right. Id expected to know him better by now, since I spend several hours with him each day, but I know almost nothing. He just gets more confusing, really.
Several hours? Kaille asked, only vaguely aware that Fenric did indeed pay this youth some special attention. What in the sovereign sea for?
He Benson stammered uncertainly under the Captains skeptical gaze, he needs help because of his leg. And hes teaching me to read.
Kailles eyes flew open. He supposed the Scribe did require more help now that he was crippled, but what point was there in teaching a sailor boy to read? To read? Kailles exclamation echoed his thoughts. And what is it that draws you to his attention?
I couldnt say, said Benson nervously, turning his eyes seaward.
Kaille noted the shift in the boys gaze, and read in it the lie. So, he thought, the Scribe thinks this yellow-haired boy is special. The Captain examined him carefully. He was a handsome sort of boy, with a broad jaw, a slight build, and the tan of a shiphand. The only remarkable things about him were his bright green eyes and the presence of a soul that shone from out of them. Strangely, the boys gaze held within it an indescribable kind of beckoning, but rather than find it unnerving, the Captain felt comforted. He felt as though he could bare his soul to the unknown youth.
Kaille shook his mind clear of this nonsense and catalogued the Scribes relationship with Benson among the many questions to be addressed later. He returned to his present line of questioning. So many hours, then, and you still claim to know so little?
He speaks Benson attempted to say, shaking his own head. He says things in a way that says everything and nothing at the same time. Then he continued with a frustrated grin, I dont think hes said a single word to me that wasnt part of a riddle.
Despite his own frustration, Kaille found himself sharing this smile. Thats as accurate an assessment as Ive heard. Do you know where hes gone?
Bensons smile fell immediately. He looked around in bewilderment. Hes not here? the boy asked, rushing to the rail and scanning the port town. I dontwhy would he? Hed asked me to help him
Kaille frowned, looking towards land himself. Had he? Then youd better go do that. Kaille held out a hand to stop Benson, who wouldve run off then and there. Looking the boy square in his brilliant green eyes, Kaille instructed, Keep a watch on him for me.
The boy stared back, as though considering disobedience. Then, he answered uncertainly, Aye, Captain.
Seeing the hesitation, Kaille reached into his pouch and retrieved a coin. Ill make it worth your while, boy, he said, clicking the metal against his teeth to demonstrate its value.
Benson looked at the coin distastefully and then at the briber. Though he couldnt read the boys thoughts, Kaille watched him lower his blond head, flush, and then shake it. Nay for me, Captain, said Benson sheepishly. I wont be needing payment.
Everyone needs payment, Kaille said, barking at the ridiculous thought.
Nay, I Benson quietly insisted, looking at the deck shyly, Im just glad to help.
* * * * *
Sara had grown to hate the Landlords assistance. It would have been easy to pick out characteristics that she despised most, but what she hated, truly, was that she depended so heavily on him. Out shopping among the rabid crowd, the need for his presence was especially stifling. 
Sara lifted a hand to shield her eyes against the late afternoon sun, which broke through the mess of towering black spires above the Portridge marketplace. Moments later she winced in pain. Pella snatched her uncovered hand from the air and shoved it roughly back into the wide pocket of her robe.
The suns so bright! Sara complained, knowing that he was only following the strict rules of the town wherein a woman wasnt allowed to display bare skin. This veil blocks none of it.
Pellas eyes brushed over her thick black veil and form-distorting black robe, but he said nothing. He walked gruffly forward in his role as the male guardiana requirement for foot travel in the rough city.
While Sara examined a line of shops, Pella became distracted from this goal, and moved several paces ahead of her. She watched as he approached one of the cleaner street urchinslikely new to townand leaned to whisper something in her ear. There was a strength in the beggars face that returned at his words.
Sara stopped, taking in the exchange from a distance. She wondered what the inscrutable Landlord was thinking, rubbing elbows with beggars. It wasnt proper. Feeling a menacing brush against her skirts, however, she ran to catch up. Hatred surged through her once again as she admitted she was more frightened to be alone than to share a connection with him. By the time she was near, the beggar had disappeared.
What did you say to her? Sara asked, regaining Pellas arm.
I told her theres a fishermans daughter with an ego far above her station coming through, said Pella, his voice mocking, and that any self-respecting person had best get out of her way. 
Sara let out a frustrated huff. Shed grown weary of the mans taciturn company. Just as Sara was ready to be done with talking, however, Pella decided it was the very thing he wanted most.
I heard your Mama crying again last night, he said, sifting idly through the varieties of grain in the Grainers stall.
Sara looked at him in panic, recalling his threat from the other day. I talked to her. I did! she cried. But she cantshe wont
Be calm, child, said Pella, motioning for her to lower her voice. I know things are harder for you than you let on.
Sara heard pity in his voice and was disgusted by it. Im fine, she insisted, turning away.
Pella nodded sagely and shrugged. I suppose you would know better than I.
We dont need grain anyway, said Sara, ready to be finished with her shopping. Mama doesnt eat much and we have plenty left over.
Turning on her heels to leave, Sara collided heavily with the body of an unveiled young woman. She began to mutter an apology, but the womans appearance and expression frightened the regret from her lips.
The woman was pale, her hair as black as the moonless night and her eyes eerily purple. She wore a simple gray shift that betrayed her low station. Sara vaguely recalled hearing of people who looked like this. The woman was a Tikaani slave.
She didnt look like a slave, however. Her carriage was proud and her features unfettered. Her pale face was lit then in an expression of pure joy, as though Sara was the very sun in the sky.
Ijibuuktuuk, murmured the savage, in awe. II have found you. Eyes brimming with tears, the slave girl lifted a callused hand to her open mouth.
I beg your pardon? Sara said. The womans tear-filled reaction made the girl feel as though shed always been the most important person in the world. Sara had to fight the glow of emotion that threatened to ignite within her racing heart. More likely, of course, the slave was crazypossibly even dangerous. Sara took a step backwards, but found herself trapped upon the post of the Grainers stall.
Be not afraid, said the Tikaani in her careful but broken speech. She smiled and said lovingly, I have seen your ashes, and they will be beautiful.
Sara gulped, wondering if she was being threatened. Just as she felt she might swoon, however, the savage was knocked to the ground. Catlike, the woman regained her feet and ran away, disappearing so quickly that Sara wasnt sure shed ever been there at all.
Get out of here, savage, a boys voice yelled as the woman ran. The owner of the voice turned to face her, and Sara, who hadnt yet recovered from the first astonishing encounter of the day, quickly lost consciousness as a result of the second.
She awoke within moments. Two faces slowly came into focus above herone the dark, lined visage of Pella, and the other belonging to the most handsome young man Sara had ever seen. She immediately amended this thought, however, because shed seen few young men, in truth. No, this was the most handsome boy she had ever imagined, which was a far greater accomplishment.
Wake gently, said Pella, patting her check softly.
Sara heard none of it. All she sensed was the opening and closing of the most perfect lips as they inquired, Are you alright, miss?
I Sara said to the rich brown eyes, I dont know.
The perfect lips smiled and Saras own followed suit. She was lifted from the ground, her eyes never leaving the boys, and found that her veil had been pulled back, her hair flowed free.
Im Haskal Brockhammond of the Uppertown Brockhammonds, said the boy, bowing stiffly from the waist and offering his hand. Sara placed hers gratefully within and felt she might faint again when it was given a gentle squeeze. Please allow me to guide you and your father through the crowd, said Haskal. Theyre far more ravenous today than usual.
Oh, hes not began Sara, aware enough of her faculties to know she wanted no part in a mistaken connection to Pella.
the least bit disinclined to that, finished the Landlord, however, before she had a chance. Come, daughter, he said, taking a firm hold of her other arm, we mustnt spurn the aid of a noblemans son.
Sara felt her knees buckle. This beautiful boy was not only the picture of perfection on earth, but also a nobleman? She grabbed Pellas arm gratefully, walking forward with his support.
I didnt know Pella Palagathe infamous Landlord of East Sidehad a daughter, said Haskal to them both as they walked.
I sent them away years ago, my Lord, invented Pella. This city has little to offer children.
Them? Children? Haskal repeated, seeming stunned. I hope it isnt the Isabien accent that confuses me. I didnt know you had a collection of cubs. Looking Sara in the eye, he asked, Are the others as pretty as the first?
Theyre all very lovely, said Pella coldly, I thank you for your concern.
Haskal ignored the Landlords unfriendly tone. Tell me, Miss, he inquired of Sara, why is it that youve joined your father only now? I happen to know for a fact that hes been here for years.
Raids in the villages, answered Pella for her.
Haskal didnt bat an eye at this interjection. A tragic thing, he said to Sara. I should like to call upon you, if it pleases.
Im sure you have many other important things to do, Pella answered, gesturing to them both that theyd arrived at the door of his establishment. Sara shot him a disapproving look, though she was still too out of sorts to speak.
Im heir to the Earl of this fine city, of course I have many important things to do, Haskal bragged in agreement. That shouldnt stop me from getting to know my people, howeverespecially relatives of a Palaga, and a pretty one at that.
Bowing in farewell, Haskal took Saras hand again and this time kissed her bare skin. A jolt of electricity shot from her hand to her heart, and the rapidly beating organ vowed in that moment to be his.
Id be much obliged for your permission to visit, he told her with a wink.
How can I refuse? Pella answered quickly, his voice dripping with disdain. Tugging Sara over the entrys threshold, he slammed the door behind them. Once they were alone, he muttered to himself, How can I refuse? That oily snake.
It was only then that Sara regained control of her senses. She stared longingly at the closed door. How can you say that about him? she cried, holding her anointed hand to her chest. He seemed a perfect gentleman to me.
And you seem a helpful, obliging girl, Pella said by way of comparison, so you see how appearances can be deceiving.
Sara dropped her hand, the moment of magic gone. Thank you for your help, she said testily, heading for the stairs.
Im not quite finished, Pella said, chasing her.
Well I am! Sara yelled. You cant
No, child, you cant. Thats exactly the point, Pella said, stopping with her as she reached her rooms. You shouldnt be in charge of this family.
Sara gave him a dirty look and opened the door only far enough to admit herself. Pella, however, pushed past her, crossing the room and stopping before the motionless form of Saras Mama.
Hello Mother, he said gently, placing his hand gently atop hers. My name is Pella. I understand that youve been through a great deal, and I know your heart bleeds from the sorrow of it. When none of this prompted even the tiniest response, he continued. I dont know if you can hear me, but Ill be back every day even so, and Ill speak to youIn case youre in the mood to listen.
He rose from her side and walked to the door where Sara waited to let him out.
Ill return tomorrow, he said to her.
That wont be necessary, Sara replied, a chill in her voice.
Necessary, Pella echoed with a scoff. Child, Ill return tomorrow.
* * * * *
The day was still new when Rose set off to find Fenric. She dared not wait for him to return, and worried that he might come to harm as he was, crippled and alone.
Stepping down from the Turnagains gangway, Rose felt her boots crunch on the solid dirt ground. She swayed upon the spot uncertainly, getting used to the idea of steady earth beneath her feet. She looked back at the sea, finding it a rich, satisfying blue, and then smiled up at the eagle masthead of the ship she now considered home. She would be back, she promised the majestic bird. With a final nod, Rose turned back to shore and the task at hand.
The port town of Lilly-on-Dunsmere was a clean settlement of white buildings with dark brown frames. Growing everywhere around them were the lush green leaves of bushes and trees. Though shed seen the emerald land from the decks of the Turnagain, shed thought it was green the way Kentshore was brown and Portridge was blackthat it simply was. This place, however, was teaming with life.
Half expecting to see the streets as over-run with beggars as the city shed come from, Rose was shocked to find the light brown cobbles swept clean, with tall, wide-wheeled carriages rumbling joyfully over them. As she walked further inland, the town became even cleaner, with the whitewashed walls of bakery and tavern alike gleaming in the sunlight. The people seemed tidy as well. Their clothesin varying degrees of bluewere sewn cleanly and their hair was neatly braided or cut.
The streets grew ever more busy, and Rose soon feared that she might never find Fenric in the bustle. Just as her hopes waned, however, she heard a familiar voice calling from a tailor shop.
Ah, just the man I was hoping to see!
Rose veered across the street to the waving Scribe, who wasted no time in holding a fine silken black shirt up to her chest. You left without me, Rose said severely while he fussed. You hired me to run errands for you. I cant do that if you dont tell me where youve gone.
Youre my employee, Benson Rose, not my keeper, Fenric chided gently. However, youre right. In my current state, at least, self-sufficiency is a habit I must learn to break. Leaning back on his crutch, Fenric motioned to two black doublets that were laying out, one of decorated leather, the other a heavily embroidered silk. Tell me, what experience have you in Chavenean fashion?
Tons, Rose replied sarcastically. She stood grudgingly still for the next half hour as Fenric and the tailorchattering like brood hens all the whilefitted her with the trim black outfit of a wealthy young man.
Later, when they walked back into town with several neatly packaged bundles under their arms, Rose headed moodily back to the ship.
Not that way, Master Rose, Fenric said gently, nudging her away from the sea. He waved a hand in the air, and, as though there was some magic involved, a carriage pulled by two white horses appeared. Rose blinked, stunned, and had to be reminded of how to step in.
She rode unsteadily as the carriage bounced along the tidy dirt roads, her shoulders and head out the window so as to take in the sights. The green truly was everywhere, she saw, and it was unlike anything shed ever seen before. Fluffy white animals, which Fenric called sheep, grazed peacefully in the vast green patchwork of fields. Towering green trees lined each paddock. In some places the fields gave way to trees entirely. Those, she supposed, were forests.
Fenric, meanwhile, talked contentedly to her as they rode on. At some point she became aware of his words, in time to hear as odd a question as she could expect to hear: But what I want to know is this: what will you be, Benson Rose?
Me, I suppose, Rose said uncomfortably, settling herself down inside the carriage.
Fenric smiled at her, seeming surprised to find that shed been listening. Dont answer questions asked in idleness, he told her. If you answer, I wont have the chance to muse.
But you asked Rose began.
What will you be? Yes, Fenric repeated. And I do wonder, because I hardly know what to do with you until Ive figured out what you are.
Roses mind was driven forcibly back to their immensely embarrassing conversation mere days ago. Youyou know what I am.
Details, merely, Fenric said vaguely, as though the fact that she was a girl in boys clothing was of little to no importance. Youre Benson Rose. Or at least, I shall call you Benson Rose. Its a floral name, is it not? It brings to mind a well-cared-for garden. Roses, you know, require a great deal of attention.
Im not a flower, Rose said indignantly, worried that shed stumbled into a riddle.
No? Fenric asked seriously, proving her suspicions correct. Then so youre not. But Ill put you in a garden, nonetheless. You interrupted my musings, after all. Besides, gardens are full of delicious analogies.
You talk riddles, Scribe, Rose said with a frown. She turned back to the window and the green landscape beyond, but inattention alone wasnt enough to stop Fenric from talking.
If youre not to be the flower, then perhaps youre the soil, Fenric said thoughtfully. Are you? Are you the rich, dark earth which provides the world with its most necessary things? Are you the material from which all life springs forth? Are you the ground from which the great Eagle first formed your people so that the sea could breath into them life?
Dont call me dirt, Rose said in the negative, regretting that shed betrayed her attention by answering his idle inquiry.
I wouldnt dream of it, Fenric answered, seeming pleased. Youre not the soil. But what about the trees? Are you the great creatures that shield us from the harsh rays of the sun, protect us from rain, and give us the materials to conquer the seas? Is it you whose roots spread far and wide? And is it you who stands ever firmly against the wind?
Rose looked thoughtfully at the trees as they passed, feeling the alternation of warmth and cool as the leaves blocked and revealed the light. She remained reticently silent.
Not the tree? Fenric said, taking her silence as an answer I thought I had you with that one. Maybe youre the rose after all. Roses appear to be a delicate flower, you see, but are protected by vicious thorns.
Stop talking nonsense, Scribe, Rose snapped. Tell me what were doing here.
Hmm, mumbled Fenric at this response, perhaps youre more prickle than flower after all. You were right the first time. Whats the opposite of a flower? Ah, perhaps youre the shovel! Youre the one who sifts and turns, uncovers and buries. A very useful tool.
Stop comparing me to random things, Rose said firmly. I dont like it. Now are you going to tell me what Im doing here or not?
My dear Master Rose, if only youd see that Im trying to do just that, Fenric said with a sigh. Ill give you your way, however. Youre not a random object. Scratching his chin, the gray-haired Fenric sat in worried contemplation. Then, looking up, he grabbed her sleeve, his eyes alit. Ive got it: youre the gardener.
Im what? Rose asked, tired of this game.
Youre the gardener, Fenric repeated. Youre the one who decides what will grow and then makes it happen. Youll fill your tilled rows, determining which of your own flowers to nourish and which to cut away. Youll decide which shovels to use. Youll collect the rare, the beautiful, the deadly specimens and arrange them so that your garden is to your liking. With a triumphant sigh, the Scribe sat back in his seat. I have it at last: youre the gardener.
Rose recalled the near-destruction of her Mamas vegetable garden when it was left to the twins care years ago. It was a chore they hadnt been given again. Fenric seemed so excited, however, that Rose didnt have the heart to explain that the charge of a gardenallegorical or otherwisewas the last job with which she should be trusted.
As the hired carriage approached the imposing gates of a fine country estate, however, the need for a response was soon gone. Fenric, who had mercifully looked out the window, now thoroughly satisfied with himself, motioned for the carriage to stop while the gate and property wall were still in the distance.
Why did you Rose began to ask, then she followed the Scribes gold gaze out into a green field. There, at the edge of the tilled rows, played a mahogany-haired girl in a blue dress. She was drawing together a bouquet of autumn flowers.
Fenric opened the door and lowered himself to the carriage step, leaning weight on his good leg. He called to her, When Piper played, who then did hear?
The girl looked up and shielded her eyes against the sun. Though Rose expected no response to this cryptic question, an enigmatic answer was returned, The Lion-Guard and Pheasants dear.
Offering no word of explanation, Fenric lowered his weight out of the carriage with difficulty. The girl sprinted nimbly towards them, her bouquet scattered to the breeze. Uncle Iggy! she cried.
Rose chuckled, looking askance at the Scribe, Iggy?
Fenric either didnt hear or chose to ignore this, his attention solely on the nearing girl. When she was within an arms reach, he drew her into a mighty hug.
The girl pulled away, examining him carefully. Youre so gray and ragged! she exclaimed. If not for that old fur cape I shouldnt have recognized you.
Recognized me? Fenric cried in high humor. Little Lucy, last time I was here you were a tiny child. Look at you! He held her an arms length away and examined her carefully. He must have concluded that she was in good health, for he drew her close again. I shouldnt have been so long away. Ill do better.
I shouldve known youd be coming, though, Lucy said, smoothing her skirts when the embrace was broken. Why else would you have failed to send me a dress for the Birthday Ball?
Well, many reasons I suppose, none of which Id like to consider, Fenric said slowly, his meaning dark. Id certainly never forget, however.
I knew it! Lucy cried, jumping up in excitement. Ive been so worried, but I never doubted you!
Dear one, the irony of that statement knows no bounds, Fenric said with a sardonic smile. But I suppose such senseless utterances are the charms of the young.
Fenric held out his hand and motioned for Lucy to join him in the carriage. She shook her head. Id much rather walk. These are the first hospitable days after a very hot summer. I cant stand being indoors for so long.
I myself have been cooped up for quite some time, Fenric agreed. Stay but a moment, I must give instruction to my footman.
Lucy nodded as Fenric spoke to the carriage driver, telling him to go to the stables at once. Sticking his head inside the cab, he met Roses eyes. And you, he instructed, off with you.
Off with me? Rose asked. Where am I supposed to go?
I have two tasks for you, Fenric explained, holding up two of his fingers, first, find a way into the masters chambers, and second, find a way into the ball.
What? Rose asked the Scribe, thoroughly out of her depth. Wait, what?
Find a way, Master Rose, Fenric said simply. Begin tending your garden. Thats how you earn your keep.
Rose opened the carriage door and hopped out. With a noise from the driver, the horses jumped forward, keeping time with the limping Fenric and his niece. The gate opened to admit them, and then closed again.
Rose approached the entry, not so much trying to think of how to complete Fenrics tasks, but struggling to understand them at all.
What be you? asked a womans voice from the overgrowth of vines that covered the gates high wall.
Ive been asking myself that same question, Rose mumbled under her breath, seeing the thickness of the imposing iron entryway and despairing that she would ever hope of sneaking inside. What was she supposed to tell themthat shed been tasked with sneaking in?
When Rose didnt give an audible answer, however, the woman became concerned. She called to the hut by the gate, Mr. Potts, I think you oughta come right on out here.
I just set down to me tea, Mrs. Potts, said a deep voice from the small structure. Cant you see to it?
There be a strange boy, Mr. Potts, the servant woman said, her voice now worried. Id feel much more comfortable with you here.
Hebyss and Hyminee, said the mans voice with a sigh. A large servant with prodigious gut swaggered his way out to the gate. He spied Rose from behind the bars and inquired, What you looking for, boy? What be you? When Rose failed to answer, he took a step closer, towering over the already frightened girl. Louder, he spoke, Didnt you hear me boy? I asked what you be.
Realizing that shed been asked a similarly incomprehensible question mere minutes before, Rose gave the only answer she could think of. Im she stammered, Im the gardener?
*

Chapter 6:
The Gardener
* * * * *
The Mighty Crawl
Tales from the Most Ancient World
Edited by Teodor Vess
*
When Illiamna was flat and the gods lacked interest in it, the land belonged to the spirits. There were spirits of water and spirits of land, spirits of riverbeds and spirits of dells, and, towering over the rest, were spirits of plants. Plant spirits were tall and slender, holding in their raised arms the green leaves of life, feeding them sun when they needed sun, water when they needed water, and earth when they needed earth.
The plant spirits moved upon a wide set of crawling legs, each spread wide to provide the tall creatures their balance. They moved with slow deliberation from one place to another, practicing their magic across the land.
A great time later, when the abundance of spirits drew the attention of newborn gods looking for a land to rule, Illiam, Arion, and Misero came to have dominion over the continent. The sibling gods had no patience for the plans of bothersome spirits when deciding how to populate their new realm, and the plant spirits grew angry at the newcomers.
Talking with the other ancient guardians, the plant spirits began collecting an army, intending to expel the trio of gods from the land. They schemed carefully, but some of their members liked the gods, and so when the spirits began their rebellion, their plan had already been betrayed.
The plant spirits were treated with particular harshness, as they were demonstrated to be the instigators of the plot. Arion, god of the land, instructed the earth spirits to swallow the feet of the plant spirits. As their legs were sucked down, becoming rooted in the soil, the gods cursed them for two thousand years. The plant spirits were put to sleep, their trunks becoming stiff like stone and their many arms still upraised, soon covered by leaves.
It was thus that the plant spirits were forgotten. They were now called trees, and were thought to be unmoving and unaware. They slumbered for two thousand years, and then another two thousand. A few more hundred years passed, so deep in sleep were they, and the gods began to think they had killed their rivals once and for all.
One day, however, an old elm awoke. He felt his leaves first, and then his deep roots. Slowly, inch-by-inch and year-by-year, he pulled himself out of the ground, and then began to slowly move across the land.
This plant spirit hadnt been alive when his kind had been put to sleep, but rather had been born from the unconscious powers of seed and wind. He had, however, his own deep racial memory, and he set about waking his brethren.
Many hundreds of years passed as he woke the other trees, one by one. It began as a murmur, started by the old elm and spreading through groves and forests. Before long, however, the trees began chattering with one another, sharing what the old elm had learned in his travels and recalling to those with poor memories all they had used to be.
Before long, many trees were excited to pull themselves from the ground. It was time, they said, for revenge on the gods. It was also time, said some, to fight back against the race of man, who thoughtlessly cut down their kind and used their sleeping bodies for firewood.
It was decided that the trees would gather to discuss what they should do. Those who could do so pulled themselves out of the ground, and as one slowly crawling group, they moved over mountain and field together, spreading their numbers across the western side of the Illian Continent and leaving the east all but barren.
There was no shortage of humans to notice this movement, and those who brought out axes to stop their trees were quickly defeated by the very same tools. Man grew to fear trees, and eventually, when a group slowly passed them, the men did nothing. They prayed instead to their gods to put the trees back to sleep.
Illiam, now the revered god of his vast peoples, flew down from the sky to meet with the old elm, leader of the plant spirits. They demanded that man be removed from the earth and that plants once again be given the land. Illiam loved his people, and he refused.
The trees once more began to prepare for battle. They raided many towns as they crawled west, crushing the lives of countless humans beneath their great bulks. Man ran in terror, pleading to their gods to save them.
The trees were more difficult to subdue than they had been. They were awake for the first time in thousands of years, and relished their freedom. A great war broke out, gods against spirits, and humans had to flee from their homes, seeking out the treeless shores. The battle continued for ten dark years, the land falling into disarray. At last, the sky god called upon the other spirits of the land for aid.
In a final, mighty clash, the plant spirits were subdued once more. The earth opened to bind their legs into the depths. The god of Illiamna repeated his curse of two thousand years upon his enemies, vowing that he would keep a more careful eye on the tree spirits when next they awoke and crawled.
That, reader, was two thousand years ago. You, human, must now be careful when entering a vast forest of the gathered trees. Be always listening for a murmur in the breeze.
* * * * *
Crickets mind roused itself from sleep with a gentle post-nap languor. He let out a delicious yawn and stretched his arms, feeling rested and powerful. It seemed to him that everything would soon begin going his way.
Auk would take a little convincing, he knew, though he thought he might already have the ill-suited Second on the run. The shipboys were well on their way to ruin, however. Hadnt that oaf of a Baxler punched the living daylights out of the savage by his word alone? Theyd be under his thumb in no time. Cricket felt lighter than usual, somehow, almost as though he was really beginning to grow into his promotion to shiphand.
Lost in such thoughts, Cricket strutted out from under the decks and into the mid-day sun, his boots landing heavily on the wood of the deck. He didnt notice that the other shipmen were staring at him, or if he did, it was with the assumption that their attention was due to confidence in his step. Some of them made catcalls in his direction, which seemed strange, but he supposed his well-trimmed physique could potentially make others jealous.
Near the mast where two of the shipboys toiled, Cricket saw Auk standing in conversation with several of his sailors. The red-haired boy saluted a hello. It was met with derisive laughter.
What do ye think yere playing at? asked Auk, resting his hand on a halyard. Do ye mean to shock us into respect, boy? Im not sure this pathetic display is the best way to do it.
I wonder why youd find my confidence so threatening, began Cricket, but I suppose you must be afraid of your own smallness.
M-my smallness? Auk stammered, hardly containing his laughter. He pointed down, and what do ye call that?
A breeze passed by that felt particularly crisp on the skin of Crickets behind. He followed Auks pointing. It was only then that the former shipboy realized that, with the exception of his boots, he was entirely naked from the waist down.
As quickly as Cricket had come to feel on top of the world, he then dropped to its very bottom. His hands, which had come to rest confidently at his hips, shot out to cover what was exposed of his fair, freckled skin. His face flushed the deepest crimson.
* * * * *
Rose fought back a blush of embarrassment as the gate was opened to admit her to the grounds, her entry under the careful eye of Mr. Potts. I dont remember calling for no gardener, he said with intense scrutiny. You really ought to be talking to the groundskeeper.
I think he mayve said something about the trees looking limp, Mrs. Potts offered to her husband. Maybe he called for somebody?
Limp trees? Mr. Potts said with a thoughtful sniff. I suppose theyre looking a bit sad in the head. But whats a gardener know about trees?
Im not simply a gardener, Rose said, trying to sound more confident than she felt. Im the gardener. And what silly, treeless gardens have you been in?
Not many, to be sure, Mr. Potts admitted, removing his hat respectfully. Say, what does it take for a body to become the gardener anyway? That sounds mighty auspicious.
Rose didnt know what auspicious meant, but shed heard something about those who were educated. I spent six years at university, Ill have you know, under the most respected tutelage. Having struck upon a vein of inspiration, she continued, I so impressed all my teachers that they gave me a special name. Surely youve heard of it.
Not I, said Mr. Potts. He threw a sideways glance at his wife, as though ashamed to be proven ignorant in front of her. I dont reckon weve heard any such things here. I sure would like to know of it, though.
Be silent. Have I given you permission to speak? Rose said, trying to play to the mans insecurity. She searched her memory for the most impressive speech shed ever heard, and recalled Jass poetical rant from the day before. Who am I? she began, throwing all of her passion into the performance. Im the whispering will that calls upon the winds. Im the towering tree that stands against the fateful storm. Im the tiny bud that that holds within it all of creation. And Im the life-giving rain that feeds a hungry world. I am earth and I am water. I am the Rosenwaller.
Rose had flung her arms open proudly at the last. Hearing the absurdity of her words, however, she fully expected her audience to throw their heads back in laughter. As it was, Mr. and Mrs. Potts stood, their jaws dropped, and turned to share a confused look. Fearing she was about to receive her first beating, she considered taking a quick step backwards.
Instead of laughter, however, she heard an impressed, Oooh.
* * * * *
Lucy clapped her hands in excitement and sat with bated breath as Fenric pulled the long-expected package from under his cape.
Oh Uncle! she cried, falling upon it. Ripping at the packaging, she sent bits of paper and wrapping into the air. With a final excited tear, the box was rent in two and from it fell the bright ruffles of Fenrics gift.
Ppink? Lucy asked, disoriented by what she saw. Her uncles packages had never before contained a garment so clearly made by an elderly, half-blind seamstress. No, she thought, an elderly, half-blind, one-armed seamstress. Her previous dresses had usually been overflowing with embroidering that had taken a handful of women nearly a year to complete. If she hadnt know any better, shed have thought this gift was from an entirely different person. She looked up at her uncle, the stranger, disappointment written across her devastated face. Its sopinkand fluffy
Pink is very becoming for young girls in all kingdoms, Fenric said happily, as though this explanation ought to be enough to cure the girls keen disappointment. Take a look in the mirror, sweet child, I should think youll look very fine.
Lucy stood and did as she was told, holding the pink monstrosity before her. The mirror only served to illustrate that the situation far was worse than expected, however, for when standing she saw that the dress only came just past her knees. Jaw dropping in horror, Lucy tossed the garment roughly to the floor. What are you playing at? she demanded.
Fenric blinked. The satisfied smile fell from his lips. Pardon?
There must be a mistake, Lucy said, her breathing shallow. She searched her mind for a reasonable explanation, and lit upon one at last. Thats the dress you brought to make me laugh, right? she asked with a manic giggle. And you see, now Ive laughed. Wheres the real one?
To Lucys horror, her uncle gestured to the floor, his face now stern. This is the real one.
* * * * *
Mr. and Mrs. Potts were delighted to find themselves in the presence of a real, live Rosenwallereven if theyd never happened to hear of one before. They paraded her shamelessly across the grounds, calling out to other servants that someone important was about.
Weve a mighty significant person here, Mrs. Potts called, happy to find herself at the center of attention. Dontcha all wanna be seeing this?
As servants thronged to join them, Rose realized the only way she was going to get away from this crowd was for her ridiculous character to demand it. Enough of this nonsense! she called with impressive authority. I must see your eldest tree at once.
Mr. Potts nodded knowingly and the parade veered to the estates rear yard. With great ceremonyhaving gathered nearly a dozen odd maids and manservantsthey stopped in front of what Rose could only assume was the largest, most twisted tree in all of creation.
Fenric, what have you gotten me into? she whispered under her voice, taking several steps nearer the old oak. Reaching out to it, she felt its dry, cracked bark under her hands. It felt nothing at all like the tree at the end of the worldthe one under which shed left her twin far too often. It felt instead as though it had been rooted deep into the ground and grown larger with each year, layer upon layer. This, she supposed, is exactly what it had done. Roses breath caught in her chest. Benson, I wish you could feel this.
Oy, whats he doing? demanded a kitchen girl from the crowd behind.
I cant tell, said the barrow boy. Whispering, methinks.
Rose blinked the tears from her eyes. You! All of you, cease your speculative prattle, she demanded, recalling herself to her role. Clearly, Im talking to this tree. It hasnt had a proper talking-to for ages. I can tell! Dont any of you know that if you dont talk to the trees, theyll begin talking to each other? You ought to be ashamed of their condition. Who do you have on retainer to talk to these poor trees?
The crowd behind her was silent.
Finally, the old groundskeeper spoke up, N-no one, sir.
No one! Rose echoed. She stomped an angry foot on the ground, then marched up to them, shook her fist, and marched back. She stared at the tree, doing all she could to appear visibly upset, and then walked slowly back to the dejected group, a grieving hand over her mouth. I dont know what to say, she said, pretending complete shock. How long has this been going on?
For the groundskeeper murmured uncertainly, forever, sir.
Rose gasped so loudly that she almost fell over. I demand to speak with your master at once! she yelled. He should be ashamed of this oversight. We must make an immediate plan of recourse before the worst becomes reality.
What be the worst, sir? asked the frightened kitchen girl.
Rose let the question hang in the air as suspense was built. She looked each man and woman in the eye, taking her time. Final she uttered the most absurd word she could think of:
Rebellion!
* * * * *
How can this be happening? Lucy cried, pacing the floor of her sitting room, moments away from hyperventilating. I-I dont have time to have another one made! Not that I have the coins for one anyway! Uncle, you must give me the coins!
Why would you need another when this one is perfectly fine? Fenric asked, growing angry.
Fine? Fine? Lucy shouted. Its hideous, Uncle! It looks nothing like what Im supposed to be wearing!
Admittedly the shop where I bought it wassomewhat out of the way Fenric admitted, attempting to be gentle, but youre a girl yet, and while it may please you to wear the current fashions, its in no way expected.
Of course it is! Lucy cried, continuing to stamp about. Im not a little girl anymore. Wearing a frock last year was difficult enough! Emibelle is practically my age and shes already been presented. Do you have any idea how awful it was to stand there with the children while she was becoming a woman? Her Papa had a gown specially made for her first Birthday Ball as an adult. I have to at least look as good as Emibelle or Ill
Dear thing, sighed Fenric, an Emibelle is not a universally recognized unit of measure. Standing with difficulty, he retrieved the dress. In fact, he added, it seems entirely silly. I met the woman who made this dress. To her it was a bloom of color in a bleak, gray worlda symbol of hope
Oh stop it, for the love of the gods, Lucy huffed, ripping the dress from his hands and tossing it across the room. She plopped herself down and crossed her arms, speaking into them a spiteful, I hate you.
You can hate me all you desire. Youre a teenager, its what youre designed to do, said Fenric with a quiet intensity. He limped across the room, bending down painfully to grab the frock again. You will, regardless, wear this dress.
You cant make me! Lucy cried from her seat, tears now streaming down her sun-freckled face.
I cant? Fenric asked, his eyes full of command. Youre the ward of the Lord Delahaye and my charge, which means you live by our pleasure. Youll do exactly as we say, for its the job of adults to guide those who arent yet equipped to know better.
* * * * *
Jas Hawkesbury knew better than to speak to the Turnagains prisoner without the Captains permission, yet he found he couldnt help himself. He clenched and unclenched his aching fists, at times pulling out his dagger and at times hastily stowing it away. His heart beat in time to the creaking of a ship he would never love, but upon which he would likely float to the end of his days.
Standing vigilant guard, Jas eyed the sleeping mans bulging pocket which, he knew, contained the journal he so desperately wanted to read
As though aware that he had company, Whyls eyes fluttered open at last. It feels like weve stopped, he said, looking around the dark hold. Where are we?
Dunsmere on Chaveneigh, Jas answered quietly, unaware that he was once more twirling his dagger upon a wooden beam. Its the place Fenric asked to be brought.
A look of shock and hunger stole over Whyls weary face. He asked loudly, Fenric asked to come here?
Aye, specifically, Jas answered. I wonder what that darned puzzle of a man is up to.
As do I, Whyl said in agreement. Perhaps I could weigh in if given the details. Tell me, whats his business here?
To visit his niece, or so he claims, Jas said, shaking his head. To bring her a dress, perhaps. Hes been talking about a dress for a ball
A dress! Whyl exclaimed, jumping from his bed. His shackled arm caught and stopped his motion in mid-thrust, pulling him back to the cot, where his head impacting on a low beam. I must see the dress! he cried, oblivious to the pain.
Careful there! Jas said, reaching out. Whyl seemed to want none of it, so the shiphand added quickly, You cant see it. Hes already taken it.
Whyl threw himself back on the cot, mumbling and cursing that they were already too late.
Why are you afraid of a dress? Jas asked as the hairs on his arm raised eerily.
Whyl looked aside, as though wondering whether or not to trust his visitor. He touched a reluctant hand to his head, and was startled when it came away with a hint of red. His panicked eyes turned to Jas, Oh gods, am I bleeding?
Here, let me Jas pushed the mans head back, brushing skilled hands through the sandy hair. No, its swollen, but its fine.
Why is it wet? Whyl whined, touching his head repeatedly. That has to be blood
Whyl! Jas barked, commanding the frightened survivors attention. Why are you afraid of a dress?
Its not the dress that I worry about, Whyl said, annoyed and poking at his skull, its what the murderer put in it. Havent you heard about how the first queen was killed?
Killed? Jas asked, releasing the prisoners head. He felt his gooseflesh rising. Nay. Everyone knows she died of natural causes
Thats what everyone thought, agreed Whyl, raising himself to his elbows. But then they tried to re-dress her body for the funeral ceremony. Each attendant who touched her gown became ill within days, and all were found dead not long after. The dress had been sprinkled with a deadly poison.
But I Jas stammered, rubbing a confused hand against his forehead, Ive never heard any of this.
Well, youre at sea most of the time, Whyl said in explanation. And its such an old crime by now
Aye, I suppose, said Jas. And now he brings a dress to a girl
Thats right! You said it was his niece? Whyl remembered, his eyes now wide with fear. A girl of age to be the heir?
Jas examined, this time in waking, the prematurely aging lines of Whyls face. He wondered what Fenric had done to this poor fellow, and what the enigma intended to do to the girl next. Id been wondering that myself, he told the captive.
You were right to wonder, said Whyl quickly.
Jas, shocked to find his dagger once more in his hand, thrust it down and into the wooden beam. Then that must be his play, he growled, angry to have been found sitting idle while the mad Scribe was on the loose. Thats what he set out to do all those months ago. Hes found the female heir. I must tell the Captain
No! Whyl yelled, grabbing at the over-excited sailor. No. We must lay our tiles in order first. I cant explain why, but your Captain has taken a dislike to me. He cant simply be told to feel differently, Fenric is far too tricky to let go his admirers without a fight. You must prove it to the Captain. You must catch the Scribe in a lie.
Catch him in a lie Jas echoed. But hes too smooth
Youre a smart man, Whyl interrupted. If anyone can see through the Scribes slimy artifice, its you.
Catch him in a lie, Jas repeated, this time sounding confident under Whyls praise. He knew not only that he could do it, but that he had to do itfor the safety of his friend, his shipmates, and, quite possibly, for all of the known world.
* * * * *
Lord Delahaye always thought that his sitting room felt impossibly small when he had visitors. The room was fine, he supposed, except for the fact that it contained company. It was a great imposition, most of the timethe need to entertain the friends of his wife and daughters when his own study was so comfortable and empty. 
With a wry grin, Delahaye set down his cup of tea and smiled mildly at the two young people who sat across from him, each on opposite sides of a long couch. At one end was his middle child, the broadly beaming Emibelle. At the other end sat a young man, new to the neighborhood. The boy, Dunstan Lorey, nodded at them in turn over his own tea and took a quiet sip.
I wish Id known of your visit sooner, said Lord Delahaye, picking up a lump of sugar and stirring it into his hot brew. My wife may have been found in time to attend us.
Id meant to be later in my arrival, Dunstan said by way of an apology. I had hopes to bring my father, but hes not well. I wasnt sure youd be as interested in seeing me without him.
Its no worry, my boy, said Delahaye kindly. Youre more than welcome to come for refreshments on your own. My only regret is that my daughter Emibellehe motioned to his daughter who, though it didnt seem possible, smiled even more broadly in returnis the only one to keep you company. My two other daughters are in town appraising bonnets, you see. And my ward is being reunited with her uncle after many yearshe gestured to the house above themthough I suppose they could both spare a moment for tea. Shall I ring for them?
Please, dont trouble anyone, Dunstan begged. What is tea with a stranger to a reunion of family? It can be difficult to have relatives far away.
Yes, yes, the Lord Delahaye nodded rapidly, moved by the consideration in the young mans words. I imagine you would know something of that. Tell me, how are you settling 
There was a knock on the door and a manservant appeared. Lord Delahaye, he said with a bow, theres a problem on the grounds. They say it requires your urgent attention, sir.
Of course, one moment, said Delahaye with a rueful sigh. Were trying a new event planner this year, and so far it seems as though the world has decided to never run smoothly again. Im afraid I must be excused. If youd like, Im sure my Emibelle and our Gerhin would be delighted to give you a tour of our estate and grounds.
Dunstan looked across the couch as a grinning Emibelle scooted inches closer to him. He shook his head humbly, Im already imposing on the ladys time.
Please. My daughter lives to show off her pretty things. Isnt that right, Emibelle? Lord Delahaye said with a laugh. The girl nodded, blinking her blue eyes slowly. See, its no imposition at all, he continued. Think nothing of it, young man.
* * * * *
Crickets thoughts ran wild, and yet there were no thoughts at all. He took several mincing steps backwards, trying to keep his nakedness covered.
Meanwhile, watching the boys red-faced struggle, Auk and the shipmen, as well as the shipboys who had stopped their scrubbing, turned to watch, their faces lit at the absurdity. They laughed and pointed, yelling comments about the inadequacy of his size and shape.
I dont think Ive ever seen a snake quite that small parading itself around with such pomp, said Nial from aloft.
Snake? sneered Seto from the decks. More like a worm!
Shoulda known, though, said Cyrus dismissively. Look at his hands.
Like a womans! Omer concurred.
Stop laughing! Cricket screeched. Though he wouldve given the world for it to be otherwise, his protestations came out in the high-pitched scream of a girl. The noise was drawing more onlookers and his cheeks, which were already a flush crimson, were growing redder by the second. Shut up!
Calm yerself, boy, Auk said, patting the halyard by his hand. Go get dressed and well forget this ever happened.
Hell have a tough time getting dressed, dont you think? said Seto, pointing upwards. Agitation growing, Cricket traced the line under Auks hand as it shot up to the mast. Aloft, his underclothes fluttered in the breeze, the slightly soiled fabric displayed for all to see. One sailor, Omer, fell over laughing, and several more join in.
Cricket could no longer hear them, the blood in his ears rushed by too loudly. There were mouths moving, words being said, but he heard nothing and saw only through a tint of red. What remained of his vision was focused on Auk, who held the line on which his pants now flewand upon whom he didnt hesitate to place blame.
Without warning, Cricket hurried at Auk, pushing him into the ships low rail and driving his shoulder into the mans chest. The Second, unprepared, fell back to the rail. Managing to get his arm under him and onto Crickets neck, Auk pushed the boy away harder than he intended. The sudden force sent the young shiphand crashing to the floor. His skull impacted the unyielding boards of the deck.
Crickets vision failed for a moment, becoming blurry. Dark figures with soft edges gathered around him. Unaware that he was doing so, Cricket began to beg for mercy.
The fight was over. Taking pity on a boy he hadnt wanted to battle in the first place, Auk lifted the young shiphand and set him upright. Get downstairs and get dressed, do ye hear me?
Yes sir, yes sir, Cricket said, nodding his head despite the dizziness. Yes sir.
After that, stay out of my way, Auk added. Turn yerself around, ye yellow-bellied excuse for a shipman.
Cricket nodded, deaf to the world. He saw Auks disapproving face, but it was spinning and in double.
His shirt was released and he scampered off unsteadily, back below decks and into the darkness, wishing hed never woken up.
* * * * *
I wish youd never have come here! Lucy screamed, tugging the other end of the pink frock, which Fenric held fast. I wish youd have just stayed away, like you always have! You might as well kill me now.
Be careful what you wish for, snarled Fenric, releasing his hold.
Lucy fell backwards, engulfed in ruffles. She tore at them, struggling to regain her footing. Once upright, she let out a wordless cry and ran from the room, rending and tearing at the robust pink fabric as she went. Fenric rose to follow the trail of scraps.
I hate you! she cried, letting strips of ribbon and lace litter the rail above the foyer. Unable to do further damage to the stoutly made dress, she tossed it over a curved railing, where it fluttered down into the estates grand foyer.
Not bothering to see where the offending fabric had landed, Lucy continued to yell at her guardian, I hate you! Why are you treating me like a child?
Perhaps because you act like one, answered a different voice entirely. 
Lucy stood stock still, frozen in horror. The frock had fallen beside her foster sister, and it was moving. Grinning, Emibelle lifted the dress theatrically from the head of their guest and Lucy felt she might die. Below the travesty of pink was the caramel-colored boy from the high-heather. Released from the onslaught of fabric, his hair ruffled, he looked about for the naughty child who was causing such a fuss.
The boy locked eyes with her for only the briefest of moments, but she saw in them recognition. Lucy thought, unequivocally, that her life couldnt possibly get any worse.
This might go on for a while, said Emibelle, leading the disheveled Scadian boy and a disapproving ladys maid from the room.
Ive seen that girl before, Lucy thought she heard the young Lorey say as he walked. Id thought she was a peasant. Emibelles giggle pealed through the hall. Then they were out of sight.
Lucy looked back at Fenric, her face still frozen in an expression of horror. Ugh! Youre ruining my life! she cried, stamping off. Anyone watching could have no doubt: she believed every word.
* * * * *
The Lord Delahaye was surprised to find a crowd of servants grouped around the old Oak, though his surprise grew less when he saw his wife at the center of it. She had a knack for silly things, he knew, and despite his own practical nature, he found her flights of fancy endearing. His surprise returned, however, upon seeing a strange boy speaking to her. Is there a problem? he asked the crowd.
Nay sir, said Teridal, the Groundskeeper. It just be the Gardener here
Oh, husband, called Lanelle, her innocent smile growing wide upon seeing him. She knew to leave business of the estate alone, but she couldnt help getting sucked into trouble from time to time. I hope you dont mind, I was walking about and
Of course, my love, he said with a grin of his own. He planted a kiss on her upturned forehead, then brought his attention to the strange youth at her side. I dont recall hiring a gardener.
Nay, I didnt think so neither said a mystified Teridal.
One doesnt need to hire me, you must understand, said the boy haughtily. Its my job to know when Im needed.
Isnt that just so? Lanelle said dreamily. She nodded her head knowingly and turned to her husband with a pout, Melvie, would you believe it? We might just be the last of the fine families not to have a dedicated Tree-Talker.
My sweet, why would we need something so silly? the Lord Delahaye asked.
Dont tease me! his wife said with a giggle. I know youre determined to be so very practical, but this time your science will meet my fancy. This young man is from Umbury, just outside of Lelan. Theres a dedicated Flora University, where he studies with, oh what was it again, darling?
Professor Kaille, said the boy promptly.
Professor Kaille, thats it! Lanelle echoed. How marvelous! You know, I think I heard Lady Malaroux talking about him the other day. Wasnt he the one who had successfully communicated with the potted perennials? They spoke in signs, would you believe it? She twisted her hands in the air, as though hoping to guess some of the signals herself.
Delahaye bit back his cynical guffaw when he saw her eager, guileless face. I suppose its enough that you do, my sweet, he said with a patient sigh.
The boy took this as a sign to continue. My Lady, said he, so youre informed. Im so thrilled
Meliver Delahaye took careful stock of the intruder on his grounds. The boys outfit was that of a workersomewhat worn and dirty. That could certainly be the mark of a gardener, but seemed very unlike the garb of a student. Also, he was far too young to be much of either. Watching the boys performance, however, the Lord Delahaye had little doubt that the boy thought himself a gardener of repute. This was all that was really needed, after all, to send his wife into fits of delight.
Deciding to let this harmless farce play itself out, Meliver said, If my wife appears to be informed, perhaps I should be also. To the uninitiated, I hope you understand, the idea of a grove of oaks deciding to revolt is the stuff of fairy stories. Suddenly realizing he didnt know to whom he spoke, Delahaye said, And, pardon me, what did you say your name was?
Rosenwaller! answered the Lady delightedly. She clapped her hands in excitement to be so knowledgeable. One of a rare few to earn the title!
The boy nodded in concurrence and approached him. I can see youre an educated man, so Ill speak to you as such, he said in a low voice. A man of science in Umbury, with whom I study, has discovered Umumphum, a new kind of tree pollen that has recently migrated to Dunsmere.
Umum Meliver attempted.
Umumphum, the boy finished. Very deadly.
Deadly for the trees? the Lord asked, his eyes narrowing.
Nay, to us, the Rosenwaller explained. Youve heard the tale, surely, of the Mighty Crawl?
Meliver thought back to his childhood storybook. You mean when Illiam tree spirits awoke and went to war?
Aye indeed, sir, the youth said, his gestures expansive. Before the time of man, before even the time of the Three, there was the time of trees. They would walk about, ruling the land. But then the gods fell upon the land and wanted to make way for man, and so the trees were turned to stone
You mean wood, Meliver interrupted.
Aye, yes, the Rosenwaller said impatiently, you know what I mean.
I know of this tale, my lord, said Sata the cook. Its the most ancient magic.
Sometimes, if I think about it, said Lanelle with a haunted look in her eye, I can hear their souls trying to get out. Dont you, husband? Especially on dark nights when the wind is high.
Aye, Madam, said the Rosenwaller solemnly, thats when the theyre remembering what its like to dance.
The Lord Delahaye could think of many stern responses, but his wifes innocent gaze held him in check. He asked the boy, And what does this have to do with Umumthing?
Umumphum. Everything, the Gardener said. Its a whiffa whiff only, you understandof a memory. Its the memory of the life thats been stolen from them.
There was unsettled murmuring from the servants. Meliver had forgotten they were there. You all may go, he said, suddenly more annoyed than he could allow. It was one thing to tell fairy stories to his daydreaming wife, but it was quite another to keep his staff from their duties. Have we not a party to prepare for? As they dispersed, he turned to the Rosenwaller. Theres a heavy penalty, boy, for those who trespass on
Are you not hearing me, good sir? the youth interrupted, If the trees arent brought to a calm theyll surely
Continue being trees? Meliver asked. Were you as educated as you claim, I doubt youd lend such credence to myths and fairy stories.
Lanelles gentle hand had fallen to her chest. Melvie, how can you say such things?
How indeed? asked the Gardener, livid with indignation. Myths? Fairy stories? Where do you think such tales come from? They exist because theyre rooted in fact, dont you see? Just because its beyond what you have experienced the boys words became so passionate that he was forced to turn away. Taking a moment to gather himself, he returned and asked, Have you been to the icy north of Bruinbak? Well, have you?
Meliver narrowed his eyes, his humor lost. No, I have not.
Or to the wild Tikaani Shores, have you been there? No? The boy didnt wait for an answer this time. Then how do you know they exist?
No, boy, I havent been to Tikaania, the Lord answered anyway. Its not the job of every man to go every place. At some point, we must trust in the word of other men that theres more to the world than what our small lives may hold.
And that, precisely, is why Ive come, said the Rosenwaller with an air of victory. Lanelle seemed to think their visitor had won the argument as well, for she let out a yip of excitement and clapped her hands. You may travel to the university at Umbury and study many years with Professor Kaille, as I have, the boy continued, but why divert the course of your life to do this when Im here already to give you my warning of danger?
Melvie, please, I beg you, Lanelle implored, plying at his grave countenance. We must listen to him. For the girls!
For the girls, she begged, for the girls. The request echoed in the Lord Delahayes head. His wife wouldnt rest easily if she believed the girls to be in danger. She would neither sleep nor eat until the danger had passed, even if it meant cutting down every tree in Chaveneigh. With a sigh, the Lord Delahaye released the tension in his body. What, exactly, he asked the Rosenwaller, is this danger you speak of?
Have you heard of Murmurs? the boy asked in prompt response. Meliver shook his head. What of the Chatters? No? And what of Walking Disease?
No, boy, the Lord Delahaye said, mildly embarrassed to have found himself in such a conversation. I havent heard of any of these things.
Thats good, the Rosenwaller said in earnest. Then the disease hasnt yet made it this far. Thats very good. It begins, you see, with the Murmurs
How do you know if you have the Murmurs? Lanelle ask urgently.
Sweet Lady, youd know, said the boy soothingly. The Murmurs arent a cause for concern, however. Mere murmuring never hurt anybody.
But what are they? asked Meliver, his patience waning again.
The Murmurs are the waking noises of the trees, explained the Rosenwaller. But yours are sleepy yet. Its only when the situation has digressed to the Chatters that you must be wary of what they say.
And the last? Lanelle demanded. The Walking Disease?
The boy merely stared at them knowingly, letting their collective silence and the name of a fictitious ailment do the work. The Lady shivered prettily and buried herself in her husbands chest.
Please, Melvie, she begged him, please, what can we do?
Have it your way, boy, said the Lord Delahaye with a sigh. This, he supposed, was the moment theyd all been waiting for. What tonic are you selling that will make my wife feel safe again? And at what ungodsly price are you selling it?
No tonic, sir, and no price, said the boy to their mutual surprise. Your trees need to be talked to. Please, allow me to come inside and set you up with a Speaking Schedule and set of Soothing Words.
Yes, of course, said Lanelle excitedly. My sitting room has a lovely view of the grounds. We can speak there.
Meliver didnt think this was a good idea. Why not sit out amongst the trees, if youre teaching us to commune with them?
The Rosenwaller paused for a moment, but recovered with a quick, Iaye, of course. The boy tried again, But perhaps a bit of tea
Ill have it brought out, said the Lord Delahaye, determined to keep the grubby gardener out of his manor house. Now begin. Apparently, we have no time to lose.
Right, the Rosenwaller said with a comprehending nod. Lanelle took the boys arm and they walked together on the neat dirt path of the grounds. Meliver fell behind, an ear trained on them. Right, wellthey love the word nimbus. Also chartreuse. Green, of course, is a favorite, as is fair-weather.
What a strange collection of words, murmured Lanelle, memorizing them intently.
It is indeed, Lady, but I couldnt hope to understand, said the boy sensibly. Im not a tree.
Following the pair closely, as though their own judgmental shadow, Meliver chuckled to himself.
* * * * *
A shadow slipped over the reposing figure of the Old Master Lorey. His frame, bent by a mysterious illness, appeared so diminished in his bed that, for a moment, the shadow pitied him.
How did you get past Fetcher? asked the Master from his resting place, not the least bit surprised to be intruded upon. Ah, never mind. I forget who Im talking to.
The shadow spoke with delight, You give me too much credit.
As a wraith? scoffed the Master. You cant help it. Its what you are.
Stepping into the dim circle of candlelight, a gray-haired man looked kindly down upon his old friend. And what would that make you? The wraiths keeper?
You flatter me with importance, Fenric! said Master Lorey. He laughed heartily before being seized by a fit of coughing.
Ive come for my treasure, the man named Fenric said when the invalid had recovered himself.
All of it? demanded Lorey with a mixture of fear and excitement. His dark eyes focused intently on the now-seated gray man.
No, old man, not yet, Fenric answered. Merely enough to cover expenses.
Naturally, naturally, the Master nodded, his features wobbly. AlthoughI will admit, I felt some relief for a moment when I thought you might finally retrieve it all and leave me destitute.
Why is that? Fenric asked, appalled.
I dont know, Master Lorey said, endeavoring to shrug. Perhaps it would make things easierto give my son a reason that he cant return to university.
Not return to? Why ever not? Fenric asked, upset at the very idea. It was always my intention that your son receive the finest education.
And so he has, Lorey said, holding out a mollifying hand. ButI need him with me now. Its selfish, perhaps, but
Youre dying, Fenric observed without ceremony.
Were all dying, Master Lorey informed him tritely.
Fenrics brows descended until they were deeply knit. Youre dying more ambitiously, Fenric amended. Whats happened?
A chest cold? A condition? Lorey attempted to offer. No doctor can seem to tell me. I remain all day abed, though I feel silly laying here with you towering so imperiously above. Please, give me your hand so I may stand
Thats unnecessarily dangerous Fenric began.
Ha! the Master scoffed. You? To lecture me on unnecessary danger? Well, now that Ive laughed, perhaps Ill truly need to rest.
The man named Fenric nodded. Im glad to see youve settled in. I know its inconvenient for you to move about at my every whim.
Im well used to it by now, Master Lorey said sardonically. Its a fine country estate, if I may say so. And the spices of the Scadias were becoming too rich for my frail lungs anyhow.
Im sorry to hear of your ill health, Fenric said with a frown, looking at his own hands. I regret the thought of your death raises more concerns for me than missing your company, however. I wasnt planning for the inconvenience of
You worry for your gold? Lorey asked without tact. Ill train Dunstan. Hes a good boy He barked in sudden laughter, Boy! There I go again. He hates when I call him that! I suppose he is nearing manhood, but all the same, hell always be my boy.
I fear a moment of change is imminent, Fenric sighed after a thoughtful silence. Ive made first contact with the girl, though I regret what I have to do.
It is of course too much to ask what your plan is? Lorey asked hopefully. At a nod from the Scribe, he shrugged. If youre so sorry to do it, then perhaps you shouldnt.
And throw away all these years of work? Fenric asked. Throw away all the lives that were sacrificed in order to get this far? No, the time for action is upon us. It cant be helped.
How long does she have? Lorey asked sadly.
Ill wait until the ball is nearly over, Fenric answered. Im not so heartless as all that.
I didnt know shadows had hearts, said the Master Lorey.
They dont, youre right, the man named Fenric answered with a chuckle. Even with all the gold in the world, they cant afford it.
*

Chapter 7:
The Mask and the Man
* * * * *
Coldness and Cold: The Ice Province of Bruinbak
A Survey of Illiamnic Geography, Volume I
Chapter 5
By Cyd Cynide
*
The Bruinbak Barrens of the Icy Deeps make up the northernmost province of Illiamna, called Bruinbak. It is united under the Ice Bear and Ice Rabbit sigil. The people of this provincethe hearty, warm-blooded Bruinstend to be a robust sort, muscular and bearded. Their primary profession is hunting.
Though the Bruinbak Barrens provide a harsh environment for living things, there are a handful of creatures that have adapted to the cold and ice, or that migrate there in the warm seasons. It is an oft-told joke that Bruinbak has no special animals at all, but merely adds ice to the name of familiar creatures. As examples, they claim the Ice Bear, Ice Wolf, Ice Rabbit, Ice Deer, Ice Birds, Ice Beetle, Ice Whale, and even Ice Fish as their own. They may be right to recognize these as different species, however, since the animals all have the distinct characteristic of snow-white fir, feathers, shells, skin, or scales (in contrast to their southern counterparts).
The Bruins of the Barrens live in Fjords off the shores, relying on their access to the sea for sustenance and travel, and venturing into the dangerous inlands for the hunting of larger game. The primary means of transportation is by canoe, a simple wooden hull carved from a single piece of sea-bleached driftwood, usually having traveled north from the forest-province of Mallory on the south-to-north ocean current. Larger boats are mostly unable to handle the cold water of the northern reaches for long, as the wood in their hulls will become frigid, shrink, and cause leaks. Only ships built in the north with special techniques can weather the cold summers and sub-zero winters of this icy land.
While Bruins protect their privacy with a violent kind of rigidity, its easier for them to live as part of a society in the cold environs than attempt to live on his or her own in the Barrens. For those who try anyway, such establishments are rarely permanent, since the landscape of growing and receding ice makes permanence more of a danger than a security. The towns line the banks of salty shore where snow-covered mountains give way to pebbled beaches and where wind-facing cliffs are kept clean of ice.
Hunters of Bruinbak provide important materials to the rest of the kingdom, including the reserves of fat acquired from their ice creatures for survival. A pound of Ice Bear fat is worth its weight in gold, and its pelt worth considerably more. As a result, the Ice Bear and other animals with similar trophies to trade were hunted to the edge of extinction before hunting was put under regulation in more recent years.
The Bruins are a superstitious bunch, with their own complex set of gods and spirits of snow, ice, sun, and sea. They also boast a god of darkness, who holds dominion over the chasms caused by the splitting of ice sheets in the Barrens, where the snow is hundreds of feet deep upon the land. Looking down into a chasm, it is said, is the truest glimpse of darknessa man will ever see. In the crystal clear waters of the calm sea this darkness is seen also, seeming to plummet downward into infinity.
* * * * *
Didnt think Id be seeing you round here again, the orange cat said to the phantom boy, who was dreaming. It seemed a strange thing for the cat to think.
Why not? asked the boy.
Youre cold, the cat said, as though this was reason enough.
The boy Teagan understood perfectly, recalling not only his collapse on a far-distant glacier, but the emptiness hed felt over the length and depth of his young memory. All the same, he didnt want to leave. Did you catch the mouse? he asked.
I catch all the mice, said the cat proudly. He stopped to stretch a hind paw, then brought it up immediately after to scratch at his ear.
This done, he set off again at a trot. The cat crested a hill and saw below him a small but bustling port town with a line of ships along the dock. The sea beyond was the same beautiful light blue of the cheerful sky, and Teagan felt a sense of awe at the sight of it.
Its so beautiful, the boy sighed, wondering where hed learned to think such thoughts.
Its only water, thought the cat, licking his paw snootily. He stayed patiently still, nonetheless, while the boy enjoyed the view.
Teagan couldnt express how stark a contrast the lush green landscape cut compared to shelves of barren ice that made up the only home he could remember. He didnt know how to describe the wickedly cold blue of the Northern Sea, so endlessly deep and full of dangers. The sight of so many green things stirred a memory in himthe recollection of a long-suppressed memory, struggling to resurface.
The cat grew tired of these distant thoughts, however, and bounded down the hill. The sudden movement jarred the boy back into the cold embrace of wakefulness. Reluctantly, he opened his eyes upon the all-too-familiar desolation of Bruinbak.
Instead of being lost upon the barrens, however Teagan woke inside a stark, gray structure. Cold filled the room, the kind of cold that ate at his bones, and he pulled the threadbare blanket close over his thin dressing gown. As he moved, he found that his hand, which felt shot-through with needles, was wrapped in a similarly grimy gray cloth. Observing the bandage as he did so, he tried to move his fingers, but they didnt respond.
Looking around for the first time, Teagan found that his bed was one of many, each holding a small doll or other childs trinket. It was an orphanage, he realized after a moment. Briggan was dead, and he was in an orphanage. Teagan supposed he should feel frightened, or at least a little sad, but he felt nothing. He wondered instead where all the children had gone, then strained his ears and heard a gentle buzzing that might have been their laughter coming from outside. Were they playing? Would they expect him to play?
As Teagans eyes adjusted to the light of the open door, he saw that, contrary to his first impression, he was not alone. A jolt of panic shot through the boy, the strongest emotion hed felt for as long as he could remember. Fear? Was that fear?
For several moments the boy wondered if hed found himself in some kind of nightterror. He had those sometimesterrible dreams of stone buildings on fire. It couldnt be, however, since hed only just woken from sleeping. The frightening vision before him, therefore, must have been real.
The shadowy figure in the doorway was a man. Or at least, it more closely resembled a man than anything else. The mans face had been cleft in two, seeming to have been left several days to rot, only to be roughly sewn back together by a person who hadnt liked the man at all. A ridge of skin nearly a fingers girth stood above the sewed lines in a sharp ridge that cast his opposite eye into shadow. The organ of sight twinkled menacingly from the shaded depths all the same.
Teagan didnt cry outdidnt feel anything after his first gut reaction. He stared at the specter, instead, his heart empty.
The Cleft Man grinned, the sewn fissure of flesh stretching as his skin pulled tight against itself. Slowly, with a pronounced limp, he approached. His lips moved and his voice buzzed in the quiet room, but the words were as incomprehensible to Teagan as any hed ever heard spoken.
When the boy did nothing but stare, the man lowered himself upon the small cot to get closer. He let his twisted hand hover over the shell of Teagan, his blood-shot eyes, now visible, carefully examining the boys every feature.
The Cleft Man continued speaking as he took inventory of the orphans appearanceregal brow, gray eyes, delicate mouth, tapering chinhis voice a dull and incomprehensible buzzing all the while. What he saw apparently pleased him, however, for the ghouls skin pulled tighter as his leer turned into a triumphant grin.
Though he tried to avoid them, Teagan couldnt help meeting the hideous mans unblinking eyes. Nor could he avoid the ruddy hand that touched his frightened face. A shiver shot through his small body, unbidden, which caused the nightmare to laugh.
His cackle was cut short. From off to their right there came a shout. Teagan turned his head from the hideous monster in time to see a woman dressed in gray rush into the room. She spoke with a forcible tone, though her face betrayed underlying fear. Behind her, lending strength to her threat, stood a brawny huntera Bruin.
Teagan turned back to see the nightterrors reaction, but he found the space beside him unoccupied. The monster had disappeared. Looking at the door through which the man escaped, Teagan squinted his eyes against the bright winter sun. He saw no one.
After the better part of an hour had passed in searching for and securing the room from the Cleft Man, the orphanage madam reached down and grabbed Teagans un-bandaged hand. She squeezed it gently and smiled at hima warm, motherly smileand spoke softly. Though the boy didnt understand her words, he saw that she directed his attention to the Bruin behind her, who stepped forward.
Teagan didnt need to understand their words to know what was happening. He was about to be adopted.
The Bruin bowed his head in greeting and nodded at the madam, indicating that she might leave. Watching her depart, he drew closer to the childs bed and lowered himself onto another one nearby. He crossed his arms and sighed, then spoke in aggressively punctuated phrases, mere noises to the boy, though he was sure he could read into it the Bruins fear at the cleft-faced visitor.
With a sudden motion that indicated a need for immediacy, the Hunter stood and threw back the boys thin blanket. Reaching towards the wall above, he pulled down Teagans heavy furs and helped the boy into each.
Before long they were out in the stark, white world. The Bruin prodded urgently at Teagans slow, unsteady step, driving him to go forwards and faster. Hydrated and rested, but still more exhausted that hed ever known, the boy pushed himself on. Still, despite their speed, he could not shake the sense that they were being followed.
* * * * *
Other boys, when discovered in places they werent supposed to be, might feel compelled to learn from their mistakes. Lucivak wasnt such a boy. After his guardian had gone out in the morning to buy their passage off the Isle to some as-yet unknown place, Lucivak decided to explore the town he would never see again.
Though his cautious mind looked out for eyes that might be following him, Lucivak passed for several hours without any sign of undue attention. Less worried about tempting fate than upsetting his guardian, however, he turned back when the morning was still young, re-entering the moth-eaten rooms he was soon to leave.
The door was ajar, which gave the boy a moment of pause. Looking inside, he saw the gray hair of Fenric within his usual armchair by the hearth.
Youve left the door open, old man, said Lucivak brashly, trying to sound as confident as he knew how. I appreciate that you wouldnt want me to be locked out, but I couldve just knocked.
Fenric neither moved nor spoke, which the boy knew to be a sign of only the deepest disapproval. Dont be angry with me, he said. I just went out for a walk. My legs were restless, theres no harm in that, so enough of the silent treatment already!
When his guardian didnt respond to this with his usual biting wit, Lucivak grew nervous. He took a step nearer the chair, seeing Fenrics hand resting at his side. What, did you fall asleep? he asked, his heart racing. Honestly, its like youre barely trying. Fenr
As he stepped nearer, however, Lucivak spied a dagger sticking out from his guardians sagging chest. Eyes growing wide, the boy took a panicked step back only to find that hed stepped into the reach of an intruder.
With an ease of instinct that surprised even himself, Lucivak took hold of the mans dagger hand, swung it round, sent the moldy metal weapon clattering to the ground, and kicked the man down to meet it. The intruder, choking for breath from the unexpected blow, gagged as he flailed upon the floor. Lucivak picked up his weapon and stabbed him quickly in the guta non-fatal blow, but a painful one. The man screamed.
Who are you? the boy demanded.
The intruder grinned through his pain, I know who you are.
That wasnt my question.
Its all that matters, answered the man.
Lucivak realized there was no point in denial. How many people know? he asked, imperious.
Enough, said the man. I was left in case you returned. The others are checking the town, but theyll be back.
Well, I wont be here, Lucivak said, pushing himself off the floor and pulling the dagger from the mans bloody side. He rushed to his room, throwing on only the most essential clothes. Moments from running through the door, Lucivak smoothed down his trousers and felt the small shape of the tiny gold button in his pocket, where it had once again been forgotten. His heart fell as long-forgotten instructions rushed into his mind.
The man named Fenric was dead. He, Lucivak, had been told what to do if this were to happenhad been told what his duty would be.
The boy searched the room for a slip of paper in a hurry, as though he might still outrun his fate. Pulling to himself a bottle of ink, the boys eyes flickered once more to the bloodied man before turning to the blank sheet.
Oy, I thought you was running, said the man.
I shall, said Lucivak, carefully penning his introduction. But theres some final business to take care of first.
Business more important than your life? asked the man, unbelieving. Maybe its harder than it seems, being a royal.
Ive found that to be true, these past years, Lucivak said.
Past years? Whats that now? asked the wounded man. And here I thought royalty was its own kind of life sentence.
Youre more correct than you know, said Lucivak with a quixotic smirk. Looking back down at the page, he considered what kind of inky designs he should make with his quill. Should he write of his fear in that moment? Should he take this letter as his chance to sound brave for all of posterity? Or should he simply do as he was taught and write without passion, with clear instructions for the reader?
The boy looked up suddenly, addressing the intruder, Will they catch me if I run?
Theyve got fast horses and they aint shy about searching the village, said the man. In fact, theyre like to kill any woman and child what gets in their way, if youre harboring any ideas of hiding out in the cottages. Oh, and in case you didnt notice, this is an island. Id say the odds is in our favor.
Lucivak averted his gaze. He didnt know the people of this townhe hadnt gotten the chance tobut they were still his people, and he didnt want to be the cause of any deaths. Then I mustnt hide, he concluded.
Thats a good boy, nodded the man. No, you mustnt.
His writing forgotten, Lucivak continued his questions. How did you find us?
Lucky break, you showing up at the Lenders, said the man openly. Wes needing the reward, too, and no mistake. Wes needing it badly. And here we heard the prince had been killed in the Dunes a few years back. Wishful thinking on their part, I suppose, since here you are.
Here I am, echoed Lucivak vaguely, his eyes misting.
The intruder chuckled to himself and coughed into his sleeve. He repeated a more quiet, Here you are.
Lucivak felt suddenly very light. The heaviest things in his body seemed to be the air in his lungs and the beat of his heart, though their counts now seemed so very limited. He hadnt woken that morning thinking he would die that day. It seemed almost absurd. As fear opened his senses, Lucivak smelled the overwhelming sense of decay around him. He saw how the grime of age had filtered the rooms light through a grit of greenfelt that the table below him was alive with mold. He felt alive himself, so painfully alive. And soon, he would be goneto begin his own decay.
Will they be quick about it? he asked, his words sounding far away and strangled. Will it hurt?
The mans eyes, moments ago bloodthirsty, softened. His tensed body relaxed. Why, youre just a little one, aint you? he asked, looking at the boy across from him for the first time. Dressing as a prince, but just a boy, truly. I regret this business, I truly do.
As do I, said Lucivak, unable to keep the tremor from his voice. I suppose it really is too late to run?
The man nodded sadly, I suppose it is. With a gentle voice of business, he gestured to the paper and quill. What was it then, that youd risk your life for?
For the first time in several moments, Lucivak recalled what he sat down to do. He nodded a thanks for the reminder. Theres a job to do, he said to himself. The play must go on.
The light had shifted across the room by the time Lucivak finished the short letter to his satisfaction. He folded it carefully, wondering each second if the action he performed would be his last. Dropping the gold button into the letter, he sealed the outside with wax.
Lucivak looked up into the fading light of his rooms. Letting out a breath he hadnt realized hed been holding, he took the note to the door and hailed a small boy. He handed the child the letter and a shiny coin for his trouble.
Take this to the messenger for me, he told the carefree boy while holding up a small coin, and this gold will be yours.
The boy took both, nodded, and ran away, his entire life ahead of him.
* * * * *
I might as well die! Lucy cried, plunging her face into a plush blue pillow. She lifted it and sobbed, Or be sick. I should be sick. I should swallow poison and make myself sick! Her face disappeared into the pillow once more and the low wail of a muffled scream escaped.
My poor Lucy, said Simone soothingly, gently patting the crying girls back, please dont speak of such terrible things, you must know it upsets us.
Adeline nodded, though the motion went unseen.
Lucy turned her head to the side and spoke through half of her mouth. But what else can I do? I cant wear that hideous childs dress to the most important ball of my life!
Why not? Emibelle asked coldly, sitting apart from her sisters and tending to her needlework. You werent going to be presented anyway.
Lucy turned into the pillow again and sobbed loudly. Patting the poor creature, Simone spoke to her sister, Emi, be nice.
Nice? Emibelle said with a scoff, Listen to her, she is a child. She should wear a childs frock. Its, like, poetic justice or something.
Lucys head shot up suddenly, an idea having come to her. Can I borrow one of your dresses, Simone?
You may said Simone doubtfully, but youre so much taller than me, theyd end up being the same length as the one you have, Im not sure that would help.
Lucys eyes shot across the room. Emibelle, youre tall, she observed, rising hopefully to her knees, please let me borrow a gown? Ill do your chores for a month.
Emibelle shook her head. Look at your shoulders. If I let you borrow anything youd stretch it out and Id never be able to wear it again.
Three months? Lucy pleaded, revising her offer.
Its a nice little dress, Lucy, even if pink isnt in fashion, Simone said, trying to delay the bargaining. You shouldnt be so hard on it. Right, sisters?
Emibelle nodded impishly. The ruffles caught the air quite nicely, she said, as it soared through the air and onto poor Master Loreys head.
Yes, exactly, said Simone, ignoring the insult in her sisters words. The ruffles will move very nicely when youre dancing.
And the length will let you show off your footwork, Emibelle added with a sneer. I know how youve slaved over it.
Lucy fell over the side of the couch, melting into her own plea. Please Emibelle, I cant wear that dress. Ill do your choresIll do whatever you wantfor an entire year. Please, please!
Oh Lucy, Simone began softly. Though she loved her younger sister, she knew it was never a good idea to be in Emibelles debt. I dont think you should
But it was too late. Done, said Emibelle, a look of triumph on her face. Lucy shared this look, but only because she hadnt yet considered the consequences. Drying her eyes, she looked about the room with fresh excitement. Perhaps the world wasnt so bad after all.
* * * * *
Jas was dejected. He drove the meaty part of his fist into the Turnagains heavy beam, his spirit torn. Maybe if I just talk to him
You know he doesnt want to believe me, interrupted Whyl, the inmate of the room Jas was attempting to bloody. I dont fault him. The Scribes powers of persuasion are the stuff of legends.
Aye, Ive noticed, Jas said in agreement, rubbing his forehead in frustration. There must be some way to break the spell.
Tell me, Whyl said, how did you meet the Captain?
We attended University together, Jas replied distractedly.
Sailors at University? echoed Whyl, surprised. That seems like a lot of education for, if youll pardon me, more of a hands-on kind of job.
Well, we were both the youngest sons of merchant families, Jas said by way of explanation, so becoming sailors wasnt supposed to be in our stars.
Yet, here you are, Whyl pointed out with a frown.
Here we are, Jas said with a sigh. He rubbed a final time at his brow and then sat down to elaborate on his story. We both studied business and trade law. We were to be the earth-bound counterparts to our seafaring older brothers.
But thats not what happened, Whyl observed.
Nay, not for Kaille at least, Jas continued. Me? I had no head for numbers and laws. Never had a passion for it. Never had a passion for anything really, except one thing, he said, holding up a lone finger. My father would take me out on our family ship, the Harricor, and even as a child I knew that the fair wooden lady was to be the love of my life.
So what did you do? Whyl asked.
I begged my brother Wik to take me on as First, Jas explained. Made a good case for myself too, what with our experience working together under our father. He said that would be just fine.
So you sailed with him? Whyl asked.
Nay, Jas disagreed. The day we were to leave I came to the docks to find them vacant. The Harricor was gone. I rushed back home, to our family house, and thats when I found the note, Jas said this with a sigh, burying his face in his weathered hands.
The note? Whyl encouraged.
Jas raised his head and reached out to strike the solid wood hull again. It didnt even register his force. The note said that hed taken another man as Firsthis old friend Knotly, Jas said with a growl. I was too inexperienced, he said, tootoo wild. I was a little untried, its true, but its nothing a few months in the blue wouldnt have cured. I was wild, though, thats the truth.
What did you do? Whyl asked.
I decided Id have to prove myself. I looked for another ship, Jas answered, and my old school friend was hiring. I mean Kaille, of course. So, I got my experience. I tamed my spirit. When the Harricor docked again, I made my case to my brother.
But he didnt take you? Whyl probed.
Take me? He laughed at me! Jas shouted, his voice full of bitterness. I was always the younger brother in his eyesalways the boy who lost at Stones and then wailed in our mothers arms. Or if I was an adult to him, I was always the young man who pissed away his fortune at taverns and brothels. And he, as the eldest? Hed always been taking things away from me. And why not, they were his! But the Harricorshe was the hardest thing to lose. And that wasnt even the worst thing he did.
What was the worst? Whyl asked, his attention rapt.
He died, Jas said simply. Of the brine fever, or so they say.
Whyl averted his eager gaze, not expecting this gloomy turn. A sad thing to be sure, he said gently, but wouldnt the ownership of the Harricor then have fallen to you?
Nay, Jas said with a shake of his head, his arms flailing drunkenly. The ship had never been Wiks at all, but my fathers. The old man listened to my pleas to be named the new Captain, but he wasnt really listening.
Why ever not? Whyl inquired. Youre his son.
Hehe had plenty of reasons to be ashamed, not the least of which was how Id dropped out of University, Jas said, a tone of regret in his voice. But more soI was pretty heavy into the drink thensought out a pretty sordid scenedid a lot of things I regret. I dont touch it anymore, not a drop, but thats still how he thinks of me, no matter what Ive done since. I think he always will.
So what happened to the Harricor if it didnt go to you? Whyl asked.
Knotly, Jas managed to say before he choked on the name, as though it was toxic. My father let that twisted cur of a First take my ship. Standing suddenly, Jas rushed to the doorframe and gave it several good kicks before settling back into his seat. Sorry, its not easy to talk about.
No. No, poor man, Whyl said soothingly. Lets change the topic and speak of Kaille, then. How came he to lead the Turnagain? Was his brother ill also?
Not ill, nay, though Id thought something like that until a few months ago, Jas said, seeming relieved at the shift in attention. He and the Master Kaille, their father, had fought in the battle of the Usurper, so it would seem. Jas, still slightly unhinged, laughed awkwardly. I didnt even know they were political. But then, I didnt know the family like Ben did.
Ben? Whyl asked, confused.
Sorry, Jas said, you wouldnt have met him. He, umhe was killed going in to rescue you and the Scribe, actually. They were childhood friends, he and Eli. Grew up together.
Arion be damned, Whyl cursed, adding this fact to what he knew of the Captain.
Aye, sad business, that, Jas said with a shake of his head. Im not sure hell ever really move past it.
I see, Whyl said with a sympathetic nod. It all makes sense now, doesnt it?
What makes sense? Jas asked.
The Captains reaction to me, Whyl clarified. I represent the thing that took away his childhood friend, whereas Fenric represents the thing thatll give Bens death value. He has every reason to hate me.
He does not! Jas disagreed. This thing: Fenric, you, the Heirs, all of thisits bigger than two friends at sea
Unless they were more than friends Whyl said suggestively.
Jas grew silent, understanding Whyls insinuations and fighting back his own offense. Ill pardon your suggestion because you dont know any better, Jas said finally, unable to keep the anger from his voice, but that kind of thing isnt allowed at sea, and he wouldnt fall prey to it if it was. Thats all you should need to hear. He explained, Two men dont need to be lovers to have a meaningful friendship, and I, for one, understand the Captains grief.
My mistake, Whyl said quickly, holding out his shackled hands as far as they would go. I wont say another word. OnlyI do wonder if his grief is making him blind.
Aye, Jas said with a sigh, his forehead back in his hand, I often wonder the same these days.
If it is as I say, Whyl said carefully, that just as Im being made the enemy, another man rescued from the sinking ship is being made the savior, perhaps hes transferred his trust and loyalty to the Scribe without fully considering what the man may be.
Aye, mayhap he has, Jas said, nodding his agreement. He seems so much better, but he cant be in his right mind, because Kaille isnt the kind of man whod help a murderer.
And so we must hold him blameless Whyl said. And yet, we cant simply allow him to fall under the power of an evil man. Youre his friend, you cant allow him to be misled.
We must catch the Scribe in a lie, Jas remembered.
Yes, and soon, Whyl said. Remember what I said about the dress.
Jas looked away, out to the dark corridor that led through the ships depths. Aye, how could I forget?
*

Chapter 8:
The Heart
* * * * *
Coquettes of Chaveneigh
A Handbook for Proper Young Ladies
An Introduction
By Madam Munificent
Translated by Berbera Lerbens
*
While its the position of a mother and father to decide when its appropriate for their daughters to enter society, for those first time parents wishing for guidelines, you have come to the right place! The average age of presentation is fifteen but its not unheard of for the day to occur many years sooner or even considerably later.
While its the expectation of a girl child to wear shin-length frocks at parties to demonstrate her separation from the more adult aspects of the celebration, it is equally inappropriate for a girl who has come of age to continue to display her legs in such juvenile attire. This is a careful line to draw in the sand, and should be handled with the utmost care and diplomacy. Consideration must be made of the childs emotional readiness for the marriage market, which is the primary reason for being presented.
A girls first adult gown is a special garmentone that she will feel connected to for the rest of her life. She is, after all, wearing this gown when her name is announced to a party for the first time, being acknowledged by a new group of peers. It is in this dress also that she will first be seen by possible suitors, and, if shes fortunate, her future husband.
It is of utmost importance that a newly presented lady prepare carefully for the occasion. She must be at the height of her beauty and glow with an aura that precedes her into the room. Her hair must be immaculate, with each strand and curl in perfect order. Her face must be painted with care by a woman of experience, who should apply her arts with a diplomatic hand.
Most importantly of all, a girl in this situation must act as if she is a woman. If she titters with her playfellows like a child, then the purpose of being presented, which is as an introduction to the adult world, will be negated. Shell be seen as an eternal child, and will turn herself down the path of a poor marriage. She instead must be confident of bearing and omniscient of presence. She may seek out her friends, but she must also attend to most dances, leaving the dance floor only when in the presence of a prospective suitor.
So we see that a certain amount of maturity is required for a girl entering society. She must be truly ready. Theres no crime in a nervous girl putting it off until as late as eighteen or even twenty, if thats the age at which she feels comfortable. More likely, children will be eager to participate in the full spectrum of adult celebrations, and they must be held back from moving too quickly.
Dont fret, girls, its worth the wait!
* * * * *
When the Landlord knocked and demanded entry as he had every morning, Sara let him in with less reluctance than she felt. If she didnt provoke him into a fight, she knew, he would likely leave soon. She locked the door behind him and returned to her looking glass without a word. Staring in the mirror, she wondered if the boy from the street would like her hair as she had it, or if he was used to more curls from the noblewomen of the Uppertowns.
Tobi, not sharing her sisters distraction and dislike, rushed at Pella with a laugh and hello. When hed got done saying his greeting to her and their mother, Tobi blurted out, You dont look like everyone else in town. Where are you from?
Sara pivoted on her seat, mortified. It was true that Pella looked different from them with his dark skin and pale hair, but pointing out his strange appearance was a sign of rudeness. Tobi, she yelled, dont ask him questions.
Its fine, Pella said calmly. He gathered Tobi onto his lap and explained, Im from far away in the tropical river province of Isabiena.
Why would you ever leave? Tobi asked, her eyes faraway in a daydream. Is it as beautiful as it sounds? Is there really magic in the air?
Tobi! Sara shouted, motioning for her sister to get off the Landlords lap.
Pella signaled that he didnt mind. Please, yes, he said to them both. Isabiena is a beautiful place, and it can seem magical.
Tell me, tell me! Tobi begged.
Of course, little one Pella began.
No! Sara cut in, grasping for a reason to make him leave. You cant. Its time for Tobi to go to bed.
To bed? Are you mad girl? Pella asked with a sneer, glancing at the sunny day outside. You go to bed, silly woman. That would be better. Go to bed and pray that you wake with the spirit of a child.
Saras never had the spirit of a child, Tobi said matter-of-factly, her eyes on the floor. Shes always been like this.
Tobi! Sara yelled, humiliated. Gods, whos side are you on?
In well-practiced motion, Sara bolted from her seat at the looking glass and ran to her room. She closed the door with a thud, and fell upon it, her breathing heavy.
Please, I want to hear about Isabeen, Sara heard Tobi plead through the crack under the door. Covering her mouth to muffle her sobs, Sara lowered herself to the floor, her ear to the gap.
Isabiena, said Pella, gently correcting her youngest sister. You think its been hot in this city? Youve only a glimpse of how hot it can be in Isabiena. The heat there is so wet that we sweat all year-round.
But what about the winter? Tobi asked.
There is no winter, Pella explained. Only the Sweat.
Then how do you know what season it is? Tobi asked, skeptical of his story. Or when a year has passed?
Sara wanted to yell at her sister that they still had a moon and stars in Isabiena, but Pellas answer was unexpected and startled her into silence. By the bugs, little one, he said merrily.
The bugs? Tobi asked skeptically, disgust in her voice.
The bugs, Pella confirmed with a chuckle. The month of Maridens, you see, begins the season of the Farif Fly. Theyll come to eat the Farif Leaves, which grow thick just above the water level. Once the Farif leaves are gone and the flies have laid eggs and bidden us farewell, the Tuberroots at the rivers bottom finally get their sun. The Tubers shoot up their flowers to the river top, drawing out the Teribiths: long, clawed bugs with a head full of eyes. Theyll feast on the bright pink flowers by day, and then climb to the canopy to sleep, where the birds will feast upon them. Then, if youll believe it, there are so many birds of so many colors! They fill the forest ceiling, singing their songs to the bright blue sky. For a time all is joy and noise. But then come the mosquitoes, which love the birds best as a feast. So it is that the birds grow tired of the Itch, and they fly away, leaving the Farif Leaves, which they have pollinated, to grow again. Thats when you know the month is Maridens once more. And so the circle goes on and on and on.
Tobi was thoughtfully silent for a time, and then she asked, What if something went wrong?
Our history tells of times when it has, said Pella slowly. They were dark times. Thats why We of the Waterwaysthe Keepers of the River Forestmust keep our world in balance, lest we lose track of what time it is.
Sara could no longer stand it. She opened the door and swept back into the room. Dont listen to him, Tobi, its just a bunch of silliness. They could just watch the sun and moon as we do here. And what of the stars?
Its easy to say that here, in these lands of endless horizons, Pella explained to her patiently. But I come from a place where vast canopies are held aloft by towering trees. Its not the kind of place you children would understand.
Stop calling me a child, Sara demanded. You dont know anything about us.
Pella smiled in his condescending way. You think youre so deep and worldly that your entire life cant be read on your face?
I dont know how you can judge people so quicklybefore you even know them, Sara said, her arms crossed. It seems like a cynical way to bounce around, not trusting anyone.
Pellas grin broadened, reading her meaning. You think I was too harsh on the Earls boy?
Sara flushed, finding his assumption to be correct and hating him for seeing through her with such ease. I didnt mean she murmured, well, maybe, now that you mention it. It seemed sweet of him to want to pay us a call, and you were so rude that you probably scared him away.
You truly are a fool if you think my disapproval will stop the Bloody Brockhammonds from doing anything they desire, Pella said with a cynical snort. And hopefully youll be able to get past your own delusions when he comes here soon.
Y-you think hes coming? Sara asked, trying not to give in to her wild wishes.
Well, said Pella thoughtfully, neither he nor his father are the type for idle threats.
Saras silly grin fell. There you go again, being rude when you could just
Being honest isnt the same as being rude, Pella interrupted, no matter how similar they sound to biased ears.
Sara felt tears rush into her eyes and down her hot cheeks. She stamped her foot upon the floor. Why do you keep coming back? Go away! she demanded. No one wants you here!
I want him, Tobi argued. Mama wants him.
Mama doesnt want anything, Sara cried, gesturing towards the unmovable woman, shes a vegetable.
Tobi grew still at this, her young jaw slamming shut. Her teeth clicked together and her tiny chin trembled. Turning quickly, she ran from the room.
Sara rushed after her, Tobi! I didnt mean but the door had slammed and there was a locking sound behind it. Sara looked scornfully up at the Landlord. This is all your fault!
Dont blame me for your ignorance, little one, its not my doing, he said simply, turning from her and taking the seat opposite her mother. He took up the unflinching hand that rested dully upon the chair. Patting it gently, he whispered quieting words that Sara couldnt hear.
She couldnt fight himcouldnt force him out. He was much stronger, to begin. Also, they needed him for survival. He was the only support they had. This fact only made Sara hate him all the more, however, just as her seething resentment had been steadily growing for months.
It was Pellas assumption that he could help her motherand that she could not!that bothered Sara the most. It was presumptuous indeed for him to think than the words of a stranger would be more effective with her that the pleading of her own children. This supposition, she believed, made his arrogance complete.
Sara could forget that the boy in the streets was handsome and rich easily enough, for even in her wildest dreams she couldnt hope to marry so well. What recalled him to her mind so forcibly, however, was that he offered her another option. Haskal, she thought, Haskal can save us. If she could present her case to him perhaps he would be merciful, taking her and her family away from under this strange landlords power.
But what good could the Earls son do if Pella kept him away? Feeling powerless and angry, her chest heaving, Sara rushed once more past her only source of aid and into her room.
* * * * *
Cricket screwed his face into a sneer as Auk passed him by. The Second noticed and feigned a lunge, which caused the boy to cringe despite his bravado. The others around him laughed.
Face burning, Cricket decided that the Turnagain was the last place he wanted to spend his free afternoon.
Though he hadnt been given permission to go ashore, Cricket checked that no one was watching and made his way down the gangplank anyway. He stepped unsteadily into the tidy port town.
It was a foreign kind of place, quieter than the ports he knew well. Though he wouldnt admit it, he felt weak wandering through the unknown streets on his own. Recalling that the shipmonkey had been sent into town on an errand for the Scribe, Cricket set out to find Bensons familiar face.
Either the Monkey had been close by or his grubby shipboys garb stood out in such contrast to the clean town that he could be seen a mile away. Cricket spotted him within minutes. The red-haired bully approached, punching Bensons shoulder in greeting and making several distracted attempts to start a conversation. Cricket paid almost no attention to what he or his chosen distraction was saying, however. His paranoid grumbling continued until he mentioned his dislike of the Tikaani savage, to which the other boy reacted.
I like Ikpek, Benson said. He seems nice.
Who cares, Cricket scoffed. He shot his shipmate a disbelieving look. Hes a savage. If youre too nice to him hell work his dark magic on you. Did you know that he has to eat the heart of a boy during every full moon in order to keep his magic?
Why would he do that? Benson asked doubtfully.
I dont know, Cricket shot back defensively. Thats just what savages do. Dont ask me, Im civilized. And now that Ive warned you, it wont be my fault when you wake up to find yourself dead.
Benson looked away, a smile upon his lips. Though he said nothing, it was enough to incite a response from Cricket, who couldnt bear to be the butt of a joke.
What was that? he demanded, pushing himself forward into Bensons face. Whatd you look at me like that for? You dont think Im civilized? You dont know. I could be a gentlemans son, and you wouldnt know.
I didnt say anything, Cricket, Benson said sharply.
Yeah, well, Cricket backed down, but maintained a threatening tone, dont think nothing either, if you know whats good for you. Whatre you looking for anyhow?
Benson shot him a nervous look, but composed his face in the next moment. Cricket was too preoccupied to give the reaction much thought. Fenric needed some things, said the boy said elusively.
So youre his Monkey now too? Cricket teased. He let out a piercing ape call and then laughed at his own cleverness. For several minutes passersby gave them a wide berth. Hey, Im just kidding. Come on, lets go scope out the brothels. I bet this towns got some sweet girls.
I cant, Benson begged off. I need to do this.
Whatre you doing anyway? Cricket echoed his earlier question, the information having passed in one ear and out the other.
Buying a hat, Benson replied, holding up the top in a pile of caps.
Cricket vaguely remembered that the Monkey had indeed been trying on different headgear. Hats? he scoffed. Thats creepy. Whats he got you out buying his hats for?
Um, I guess its for me, Benson shrugged.
You? Crickets cobwebbed brain found itself in unwanted motion. He sent you to go buy a hatfor you?
Benson shrugged, I guess he wants me to go with him to a party. Fearing this was too much information, the yellow-haired boy rushed to change the subject. Hey, tell me more about Auk.
A party? Cricket asked, not to be fooled. Oh, well aint you proper? He made another monkey call and then laughed at himself once more. Then he grabbed Bensons arm. Come on, just buy that one and lets go.
I have other things Benson protested to Crickets pull.
Its a stupid job, Cricket complained, pulling forcibly. Who is Fenric anyway, some creepy Scribe? Whats he gonna do, scribe you to death? Come on.
No, Cricket! Benson shook off his grasp. He pays me to run errands for him. I need the money for my family.
No way, you get extra wages? Cricket seemed suddenly interested. Can I get some for helping?
Benson looked at Cricket with a shrug. You could talk to him.
Nah, said Cricket after a few moments consideration. That old man creeps me out.
Benson shrugged again and paid the Milliner, whod yelled at them to either buy something or be on their way. Cricket stuck out his lower lip in a pout, listening to the exchange of coins. Turning his attention back to the street, he was soon winking at a girl on the corner.
As he watched, she moved out of sight, and a familiar antagonist came into view.
Oy, Ben, Cricket tapped Benson on the shoulder, look there.
Shh, Im busy, Benson hissed, focused on counting coins.
Cricket continued his manic tapping, No, seriously, I think its Auk.
Well, I suppose he goes ashore too, Benson allowed.
Come on, lets see what hes up to, Cricket said, smiling wickedly. He drove his fist into his open palm with a sickening smack. Maybe I can bribe the girl he finds to put something sharp in his trousers.
You go ahead, Benson said, I want to get back to the ship.
Whats on the ship but a bunch of humorless task-masters? Cricket whined. I really think I saw Auk. Im gonna check it out.
Benson looked the boy up and down, his brow furrowed, No, lets get back.
I stayed with you while you did your stupid hat thing, Cricket countered, you could at least have my back now.
Cricket Benson groaned.
Fine, dont come, Cricket punched his own hand again. Ill meet him man to man. Its tougher that way, anyway. Jerk thinks Im not tough
Cricket walked off after his ships Second and was pleased to hear Benson follow on his heels. They got to the intersection where Auk had passed in time to see the oily man timidly turn down another street. Rushing to catch up, they sprinted deeper into the town.
I bet hes already made designs on a fat little misses in one of the brothels, Cricket sniggered. I wonder who it is that would take that oily toad into her bed. She must be a real toad herself. Ribbit, Cricket croaked.
He and Benson turned the corner and found a winding alley that appeared to be empty. Cricket took the lead in peaking down its various paths and Benson followed. The redhead became aware of the shipmonkeys sudden stillness and barely stopped himself calling out. He did a light-footed skitter across the alley and came upon Bensons shoulder, peering over.
Auk had been found in the midst of a passionate embrace, but it wasnt with the kind of woman theyd imagined. It wasnt, in fact, with a woman at all.
Embracing the man whod made life aboard the Turnagain so very difficult was another sailor they both knew.
Nial? Benson whispered, not sure what he was seeing.
Cricket couldnt hold in his surprised expletive. The ardent lovers looked up at the noise and Nial grew pale. Auk spun around to see the source of their interruption and himself turned red. The look on his face was one they knew well: the look that preceded a mind-numbing knock to the head. He began to chase after them, but Cricket had already pulled on Bensons collar and they were running back to the ship.
The former shipboy could hardly believe his good fortune.
It would be best to tell the Captain immediately, he knew, for the well-being of the ship. Two men embracing was considered a serious crime at sea. But where was the amusement in that? Perhaps he could have a little fun with it first.
* * * * *
Captain Kaille had tried sending Hilias away several times already, but the old shiphand resisted, and he had a sinking feeling he knew why.
Just say it already, Kaille sighed, preparing himself for the worst.
Ben were a good man, Hilias said, confirming the Captains fear. We all miss him something terrible. But life goes on, ye see.
Aye, Kaille replied, trying to be generous to the aged shipman without inviting further conversation. I know it does
But I knew a man named Ned, Hilias continued, launching into his own story anyway. He were just that kind of loyal, good soul. I say were cause he got swallowed by a whale some years back. No man thinks hell be ending that way, I dont reckon.
A Kaille stammered, blinking at his shiphand. He didnt know how to respond. A whale?
Captain, came Jass wonderfully familiar voice, can I have a word?
Aye, please! Kaille said louder than he intended. I mean, aye, several. Immediately. With a friendly nod to his sailor, Kaille said a dismissive, Thank you, Hilias.
What was that all about? Jas asked, feeling he had interrupted something.
Yet more condolences, Kaille said. Itd been almost a fortnight since the last one. I thought theyd all been done with. But no, every time I think Ive gotten Ben from my mind another soul aboard feels the need to remind me. Thinking back to the brooding weeks following his friends death, he asked, Was I truly so bad, that the entire crew thinks I require so many months of their sympathy?
Jas only winced and nodded.
Kaille fought to maintain his good mood. Well, Im glad, then, to be back in charge of my facultiesand my ship.
Speaking of being in charge of your ship, Jas said quickly, I really think you should take a more proactive stance towards the Scribe.
Wouldnt you know it, Kaille said mischievously, I have a stern talking-to in mind for him this very evening.
I dont mean talking to him Eli Jas said with a sigh.
I know, Kaille teased, you mean shackles and hot pokers. I dont trade in that kind of brutality, however. Especially not upon an innocent man.
Define innocent! Jas cried. He looked around to see that his outbreak hadnt drawn unwanted attention and whispered the rest for good measure. That man is a psychopath
as diagnosed by a lunatic, Kaille pointed out, referring to Whyl and his delirious ranting. Ive neither seen nor heard any evidence of such a claim.
The Scribes powers of persuasion are the stuff of legends, Jas said cryptically.
Kaille shook his head, not to be taken in. I like legends. I never heard that one.
So youll pay this no mind? Jas asked, perturbed. Youll let a known murderer go free?
You say known murder as if youve actually discovered anything, Kaille said, staring incredulously at his old friend. Whyls story is his to prove, and he hasnt done so. Im disinclined to believe his word over anyone elses.
Then believe me, Jas pleaded. Ill vouch for him. Hes opened up to me in ways that he doesnt feel safe doing with you
And am I to soon hear the sound of nuptial bells? Kaille teased, hoping to break out of this pattern of argument.
Jas wasnt amused. Gods smite it all, Kaille! Why wont you listen to a word I say?
I am listening, the Captain said seriously. If you dont like my reaction, then perhaps you should say something of value.
I happen to believe that what Ive said in this matter is of value
Thats exactly my trouble, said Kaille with a frown. He pulled back and sighed. Thats my trouble indeed.
What trouble? Jas snapped, appearing ever more frustrated.
Its you, after all, Kaille began as though he was already in mid-thought, whod make my best companion for meeting Lord Delahaye at the ball in a days time, and yet I cant take you, for youre determined to take sides. Nay, and so it must be: I cant take you.
Jass demeanor had changed dramatically at this new development. Wait just a moment, he called. Youre going to meet a Lord? Im the best company. Who else here was raised as a gentleman? You cant consider leaving me behind
What choice do I have? the Captain demanded. It was the Scribe himself only moments ago who told me hes arranging this meeting, I hardly think
Why in the Endless Sea would you let him do that? Jas cried in disruption.
Kaille laughed wryly. Here you are again proving my point, he said. This is business, and I need it to go smoothly.
Go smoothly? Jas asked, though he had the good sense to appear chastised. Thats the last thing you want: to put yourself and your ship in the power of that poisonous Scribe. We shouldnt be taking this meeting at all, we should be lifting our anchor and sailing away as fast as any wind will carry us.
And forego the mystery? the Captain inquired. I wouldve thought youd rather live forever on flat land than leave a mystery half-solved.
Thats what Ive been trying to tell you, Jas launched into his rant once more. It is solved. Kill the Scribe before we lose the chance. We must act now, before he slaughters an innocent girl. It may already be too late
Stop just a moment, said Kaille, holding up his hands. I fully understand how suspicious it is that Fenric traveled all this way, and at a great expense, to visit an under-aged girl, but until you catch him with a pistol in his hand, Ill have no more of your accusations. Now tell me, do you want to go to this meeting or not?
Idamn you, Kaille! Jas shouted, the cogs in his head straining against two dissonant desires. Aye, I do. Its been so long since Ive rubbed elbows with a Lord
If you want me to reconsider my decision to leave you behind, said Kaille in the form of instructions, then I expect you to be on your best behavior. Ive summoned Fenric to my cabin. We shall be hearing more of his story.
What more is there to hear? Jas grumbled. If he told you that he helped Nic Pharus murder the King would that resolve your mind to distrust him?
Kaille clenched his jaw, now thoroughly annoyed at his friends decision to be contrary. He was tired of people trying to decide his mind for him. Do you know what it would take for me to distrust the Scribe? he shouted. The same thing it would take to turn me against anyone: evidence. Evidence, Jas!
But Eli, he Jas guttered.
The Scribe is coming to my cabin. Youll show up, listen, and behave, Kaille said authoritatively. Do you hear me?
Aye, but
Kaille chose not to hear anything else. Turning his head aside, he called, Ben!
But Captain Jas tried again.
What did you call me? Kaille barked a stern question.
I Jas quailed from his friends fury. Captain. I called you Captain.
Exactly, Im the Captain, not you, Kaille said unbendingly. Now do as I say. He called again, Ben!
A moment later the yellow-haired shipmonkey rushed to his side. Aye, Captain? he intoned.
Kaille, deflating the moment he saw the boy, sighed. I meant Hector.
The Monkey nodded. I know, Captain, he said.
Noticing that Jas had witnessed his moment of weakness, Kaille snapped. Why are you just standing there?
Jas answered coldly, Im waiting for an order, Captain.
Just go! Get out of my sight, Kaille snapped. Jas turned defiantly on his heels and walked away. The Captain turned to the boy and raised an accusing finger. And you! You damned little Monkey. You claim to know Im not calling for you, so why in the Endless Sea do you keep answering?
II dont know, Captain, said the boy, shaking under Kailles steely blue gaze. He looked towards the bright blue water. Im sorry, Captain.
Kailles hand shot out and grabbed the Monkey by the chin: Dont lie to me, boy, he said, feeling his breath reflect on Bensons smooth cheek. Dont ever lie to me. I can tell.
When the boy was released he took a shaky step backwards. He smoothed his shirt, looking skeptical but afraid. He said defiantly, You cant tell.
Kaille raised an eyebrow, surprised to be challenged after what he knew to be a threatening display. Oh cant I? the Captain asked. He stepped back and raked his new hire with critical eyes. Youre a fishermans son from along the River Kent, if your accent is any indication. You skimped on most of your chores as a child, which is why your muscles are sopathetic. This is probably because you had a lot of older siblings to do the work for you. You have a shrewd, attentive look most of the time, except when you lie, at which point your eyes turn towards the sea, as though you hope to bury your secrets in its depths. Seeing the boys arms twitch over his body as though to cover himself from further scrutiny, Kaille took a step closer. Should I go on or will you answer my question?
I forgot the question, Captain, the boy said honestly, visibly shaken.
Why, little Monkey, Kaille repeated slowly, taking another menacingly step closer, do you haunt me so?
Because youre grieving, not insane, the boy blurted out of nowhere. His lean body shaking in brazen defiance, he cried, If you call for someone, then someone should damned well answer. Even if its not who you want it to be.
Not expecting this thoughtful response, Kaille blinked repeatedly. He staggered back a few steps. How old are you, boy?
I dont know, the Monkey said, still trembling behind his brave faade. Old enough.
Kaille squinted in confusion, hardly able to believe that such meaningful answers could come from the strange little package before him.
Can I just say the boy began after several moments of this stunned silence. His voice was softer and his eyes were diverted to the decks, and Kaille was brought forcibly to mind of Hilias mere minutes before. 
The Captain hadnt yet decided what to think of his brave little Monkey, but he knew he didnt want the boys pity. Everyone has a story of loss to share with me, Kaille said more harshly than he meant. I dont want to hear it.
Benson stood still this time, blinking his confusion. His face twisted into a grimace as he set the record straight: My story is none of your business, thank you, the Monkey said rudely. I was going to tell you that your boot had come undone. Go ahead and trip over it, what do I care? With these words, the boy turned on his heel and followed after Jas.
I, Kaille began. He bent hurriedly down to re-fasten his bootstrap. Wait! Benson, wait! He was relieved to see, from his crouching position, that the boy turned around. He stood quickly, his face apologetic. Thank you. Thats really all you were going to say?
The boy nodded and gave the Captain a sympathetic shrug. Ive heard other sailors give you their commiserations, but I think its stupid, Benson said. All these the same thing happened to me stories arent helpful.
They really arent, are they? Kaille laughed nervously. He was pleased to find himself empathizing with someone who actually understood, but he also found himself flustered. Try as he might to maintain his cool reserve, he desperately wanted to impress the brazen youth with the piercing green eyes. Its as though the knowledge that what youre feeling isnt original is supposed to make your pain less real.
Its never less real, said the boy, who glanced sadly inland. And so it wasnt.
Then you have lost someone? Kaille asked, taking in the boys unhappy expression.
The green eyes turned back to him, but this time they were playful. I thought you didnt want to know.
I dont, Kaille said with a smile, allowing himself to be part of the joke. He stood with a silly grin for a moment too long, however, and had to turn away in a hurry. Look, since youre here, why dont you go fetch Fenric? I think my last envoy has failed. That slippery eel keeps eluding me whenever I try to get answers.
Benson tossed his head back in laughter. Wouldnt you know it, the same thing happened to me.
Without another word, the Monkey scampered off.
Kailles mind was whirling in confusion. He couldnt understand why he felt so undone by the boyand he wasnt sure he liked it.
* * * * *
Lucy settled herself happily into Emibelles dressing chair, her feet beating eager patterns upon the wooden legs.
Maybe something to hide my shoulders, she said as she watched the second Delahaye girl rifle through her small collection of dresses. They are gawky, arent they? Do you have anything with puffy sleeves?
I didnt come out that long ago, Lucy, Emibelle chided. I only have a few gowns.
Lucy sat back, examining the beautiful room with its combs and perfume bottles. It looked like the room of an adult, she realized. What was it like? Lucy asked, suddenly curious. When you were presented?
It was Emibelle considered, looking fondly into the part of her memory that held that night, magical. You feel completely different afterwards, too. Like youre not a princess anymore, but a queen.
Wow, Lucy exclaimed, exhaling softly. Wanting to create such a moment for herself, she turned back to the wardrobe excitedly. What about that pale green one?
Mmm, no, said Emibelle definitively. I like that one too much. Here, the purple. You can have that.
Lucy examined the purple dress that was handed to her, seeing a style that was at least a year old. She hesitated. Ohthe purple? No one wears those dark colors anymore
Emibelles hand recoiled and the dress moved away. Oh my gods, are you being picky? No one wears ruffly pink either! She shook her head, I thought you wanted my help.
Lucy reached for the dress, which was now held at a distance. I do! Please, I do!
Emibelles head continued to shake. She stepped back towards her overflowing wardrobe. You know, this was probably a bad idea. I shouldve known you werent ready.
Im ready! Lucy cried, following her foster sister and trying to grab the gown. Ill wear purple. Im so ready.
You still play with dolls, Goose, Emibelle sneered. Youre not ready. Just be a kid for a little while, okay? Theres nothing to be ashamed of.
Of course there is! Lucy cried. She reached for the dress, put her hand on it, and pulled it towards herself with a jerk. Give me the purple. A deal is a deal!
* * * * *
Kaille hefted his bottle of rum once more onto his chart table and Jas once again eyed it suspiciously before turning away. Fenric lowered his bulk slowly into his usual chair, though the action didnt seem to be getting any easier.
Talk, Scribe, said the Captain. Theres more to all this than youre saying.
I still hope to dissuade you of that, said Fenric affably. Where were we?
The Usurper lied to the King, said Kaille, forcing him to divulge his plan for evacuating the three Heirs.
Ah, yes, Fenric recalled. And so it happened before the Burning of Belaverous. Let me tell you, then, what followed. As the sun rose the next day
Hold on! Jas cried out. You cant just skip the Burning!
But I must, Fenric said innocently, caught mid-gesture.
You were there, Jas demanded. What did you see? Kaille could tell that his shiphand had meant to ask, What did you do, but had restrained himself.
I see youre determined not to trust a word I say, observed the Scribe casually. But you dont need to believe me, I have proof. The feast of Belaverous was held by strict invitation as a result of Nic Pharuss warning. Youll find no Fenric on the registry. I wasnt invited. What I can tell you is the folklore thats been spread about that night, but would it be anything you havent heard?
Jas and the Captain shared a confused look, each sure that the other had just won points to his cause.
This is what we know, Fenric continued, oblivious, when the sun rose and the flames were extinguished, only then did I and many others come down from our rooms in the far palace. King Lukilar had been murdered. His body was found with a sword through his chest.
Kaille shook his head, holding up a hand to interrupt. Why hadnt I heard that before? he asked. The Usurpers well known for his skill with the ax, why would he have killed the King with a sword?
If we were to understand a maniac, Fenric replied with a shrug, wouldnt we then have lost our humanity as well? Perhaps hed been disarmed or perhaps he thought that to kill a King with his own royal sword would be an act of righteousness. We know that he used his ax well enough on the Council of Twelve.
So its true, then, Kaille inquired, the council died there that night as well?
So it seems, Fenric said. The dungeons are deep and the towers high. There are plenty of places to hide an enemy Duke. After ten years without a sign, however, their survival seems unlikely.
Kaille nodded, his nail thoughtfully wedged in his teeth. And the Queen?
Shes said to live still in the palace, said the Scribe. Perhaps shes a prisoner or perhaps an ally to the Usurper. If she does live unmolested, one must wonder the reason.
Kaille nodded again. Hed heard similar rumors, but the Kings second wife was of little concern to most. What he wanted to know was much more pressing: And the children? What of the Heirs?
Ah, Captain, Fenric cried, quite interested in this subject himself, and this is where the rumors abound! Its said that Lucia fell to the Usurpers ax. It has also been claimed at least five times now that Lucivak has been killed in one land or another. As there are not five princes to go around, perhaps it is some poor local boy being held up as a royal. As for the young one, Ive heard no rumors at all. We cant know for sure if any have survived.
And those are the most tame of the rumors, Kaille said through pursed lips, his arms crossing over his chest. Did you hear the one last year wherein a male actor was said to be the lost princess in disguise? He had quite the following for a time, until it was proved that he wasyou know, a man.
That and countless others, each stranger than the last, said the harried Scribe. If theyre still alive, its my hope theyre receiving every attention as they come of age, in preparation to reclaim the throne.
From behind the Captain came a snort of derision. He turned around to give his shiphand an evil eye, but Jas had already stepped forward. Fine, keep your secrets about the Heirs, spat Jas. But explain this, what happened to the other person in line for the thronethe King Brother, Goddard?
Goddard was last seen locked in mortal combat with Nic, or so my sources claim, Fenric said, his tone becoming melancholy. Hes since disappeared.
Kaille sat up in his chair. Thats it? he asked. He just disappeared?
Either locked in a tower or dead, from what anyone can tell, Fenric explained. Might I cite another rumor wherein hes being held by Nics allies in Eischland? There were few outside of the Usurpers party who lived to tell about that night. We who survivedthe more skilled staff housed in the east wingmade our escape at great peril, you see, and many of us were unable to make it out at all. Never again has an unallied man gone into the palace and come out again.
Then how came you upon the Quartered Crown? Jas asked.
The Captain wanted to object to the harsh tone of his shiphands voice, but the question was admittedly a good one.
I picked it up as I ran, said Fenric a little too quickly. Seeing Kailles doubtful gaze, he added sheepishly, No scribe can resist such a weighty relic.
You justpicked it up? the Captain asked, disbelieving.
Well, yes, Fenric said simply, his arms open in a gesture of verity. What would you have done?
Jas, however, had returned to the noisome habit of grinding his teeth. I dont believe you, he stopped long enough to say.
That I picked it up? the Scribe asked.
No, Jas replied angrily. I dont believe any of it. I dont believe you. Theres something youre not telling us, and its making you select words very carefully.
Master Hawkesbury, said Fenric, looking between them affably, Im a Scribe. Its my job to select words very carefully.
Jas turned to Kaille, his face unbelieving. Youre truly taken in by this blabber?
I dont know, said the Captain calmly. He happened to agree in this instance with his shiphand, but he wasnt about to feed Jass suspicions. The Scribe was definitely lying. I thought listening might help me figure that out.
This is all lies, Jas concluded, swiping a definitive hand through the air. He knows something.
Why dont you go get some air, Jas? Kaille suggested, giving his old friend a wan smile.
Jass face fell. Youyoure taking his side?
Im not siding with anyone, Kaille said by way of clarification, feeling his eye tic at the thought of having to explain himself yet again. I merely think you could use some fresh air.
Jas gave a cold chuckle, his tongue probing the side of his mouth threateningly. Suit yourself, he muttered, pushing past them and out of the cabin.
I dont think he cares for me, Fenric observed, watching the door slam.
Hes your greatest advocate, actually, said Kaille, his eyes fixed on the same. He just doesnt know it yet.
* * * * *
Sara barely noticed her reflection that evening as she sat before the mirror and arranged her dull blond locks. She thought of the noble boy from the marketplace. Haskal. She was careful this evening not to sigh his name, as doing so before had cost her an afternoon of teasing from Tobi, who was far too young to be teasing her elders, if Sara had anything to say about it. The day had gone badly.
Get away from that ridiculous mirror and come downstairs, said the unwelcome voice of her landlord from the door. Sara pivoted, disturbed that she hadnt heard him enter. Then he added: You have company.
Sara was struck dumb. II have company?
You and I, yes, Pella corrected himself. Though its undesired by the better half of us. And by the better half, I mean me.
Is it the Earls son? Haskal? Sara asked, hardly daring to believe she could say his name out loud. Pellas silence answered in the affirmative, and Saras heart fluttered painfully her chest. Turning back to the mirror, panic set in. No, wait, she cried, my hair is all wrong
Youll come now or you wont come at all, insisted the surly landlord. I dont need much of an excuse to send him on his way. In fact, why dont you turn round and fuss with your curls until he leaves, that might be best.
No, you jungle heathen! Sara cried, rushing past him and down the stairs. You dont get to tell me what to do.
Hardly aware of how fast she was moving, Sara broke into Pellas own rooms where she found Haskal sitting at the head of the table. The breath was knocked from her lungs upon seeing his perfectly chiseled face, and she began to question the sturdiness of her knees.
Haskal rose to his feet, giving a courteous bow of his head to Pella and a much deeper bow to her. I hope I havent come to visit at a bad time.
Not at all, my Lord, Sara said, finding her voice at last.
Please, its Haskal. I insist, he replied generously. And Pella, you mustnt stay hovering at the door. I thought you said you were about to tuck into dinner. Where are your other daughters?
Theyre ill, my Lord, said Pella, lifting a modest cut of goat meat from the fire and dropping it on his plate. The small cut belayed the idea of a large family, however, so he added, Ill be taking them some hearty broth later.
What a shame, Haskal said solemnly. I wouldve loved to meet them. Perhaps next time, he said with a wink to Sara. Seeing her blush, he added, Tell me, sweet girl, whats your name?
Her names Sara, cut in Pella. She was almost glad for his interjection, however, as the boys wink had driven away her voice.
A pretty name, said Haskal kindly. He looked at his reluctant host. Its a Kentshore name, though, I should think. Fitting for a Kentshore girl. She has the coloring of a Kentsheer too. I wouldve thought your children would be more Isabien in tone. Havent I heard tales of how virile the men are in your river lands?
All true, all true, Pella said of his fake parentage. Their mother be from Kentshore, though.
Sara gritted her teeth, wanting to make it clear to all parties that her father had been Kentsheer as well.
Misinterpreting her consternation, Haskal told her, Not that it matters, sweet Sara, were not blood purists here. Any Illian may be a friend of mine. He smiled at her and waited for the same, which she gladly supplied. Looking after Pella again, Haskal called, I thought there was to be food.
Pella searched his scant kitchen for additional plates. I wouldve thought your own cooks better suited to he began.
Nonsense! Im famished, called Haskal exuberantly, motioning for Sara to join him at the head of the table. Pella slowly cut his small steak into three parts, grumbling peevishly as he did so. Meanwhile, Haskal continued, Tell me, Sara, have you seen the Uppertown yet? The hanging garden behind the Temple of Edim is particularly lovely this time of year.
Sara shook her head to say that she hadnt been and was about to wonder aloud if Haskal would offer to take her, but a heavy clang of metal utensils caused by her landlord had a disapproving edge.
No, my Lord, I havent, she said, her enthusiasm tempered. But Ive only newly come. My cousin was telling me it was very nice
A cousin too? Haskal cried delightedly. Dont keep me in suspense. Would I know him?
You wouldnt, Pella growled, tossing down a plate of lamb and potatoes.
Haskals smile didnt falter, even as the round potatoes rolled off the dish and across the table from the force of their quick descent. Youd be surprised, I do try to make myself known to most.
You wouldnt, Pella repeated, tossing another plate in front of Sara. She grabbed up the stray potatoes and returned them gently to their respective plates.
Ah, sweet girl, Haskal sighed, watching her ministrations fondly, Im afraid your father doesnt like me. He turned once more to Pella, who sat down with his own plate and curled himself protectively around what little remained of his once-fine meal. Its a shame were on different sides of such important issues. But then, how could a man from Isabiena be expected to share Kentsheer ideals? I only wish hed stay out of things that are beyond his foreign understanding, you see. But I bear him no ill will.
Sara nodded at this pretty speech, but Pella leered. Some people arent asking forgiveness for doing whats right, he growled.
And some people dont have the sense or experience to be able to determine if such things are right or not. You werent raised here, after all, how could you expect to understand us? Haskal asked smoothly. Turning to Sara, he inquired, Did you know, sweet girl, that your father led an uprising against the Uppertown?
No, I didnt, Sara said with a gasp, speaking quickly before her landlord could cut her off. She supposed his accusations werent surprising, however, with Pellas penchant for interfering.
I see were of similar minds, then, said Haskal, pleased at her apparent shock. The earldom of Portridge is ever-generous, after all. If there are needs of the city that arent met, do you really think the poor must do anything more than ask?
Sara felt herself melt at his words of generosity. He would indeed help her if she asked, she knew. She sensed his goodness in her bones.
Pella was less impressed. Ask? What do you think it is that causes people to be called beggars?
Haskal seemed haunted by this view of things. Its regrettable that the streets are so littered with the misplaced of the province, but surely you dont believe that the raids along the coast are my fault?
Placing blame was never part of the issue, Pella said with scorn. Taking care of those who arrive here is.
An issue that you prosper on quite nicely, said Haskal with equal disdain, or have you not made your own small fortune taking in our wayward countrymen, Landlord Palaga?
I dont take advantage began Pella.
Thats a lovely scarf, my Lord, cried Sara, her neck tired of volleying between the lovely boy and disagreeable landlord. Is it from the Scadias?
Haskal laughed, pleased himself to find a new topic for discussion. You see, its as I thought, he said pleasantly to Pella, the ladies havent the heads for politics. Consider the issue dropped. With a smile to Sara, he said, And yes, its the finest Scadian silk. Would you like to touch it?
Very much, Sara said shyly.
Haskal motioned for her to approach. Leaving her untouched meal, Sara took the few steps required to come up behind him. She held out a hand and he grabbed it with surprising speed. She gasped, but he gently guided her captured limb to the scarf that laid down his chest.
Sara grew hot being so close to him. Her head felt as though it was feverish, and she was sure her cheeks must have been quite red. The scarf was indeed the softest material Sara had ever felt, but she was more focused on the soft heartbeat and firm chest below the scarf, which felt warm and strong.
Thats very nice, she said through the blood that pounded in her ears. Lightheaded, she lifted her hand to move away, but the noblemans son secured her sleeve.
Im glad were to be friends, even if your father and I disagree on some things, he said quietly, gazing up at her. Sometimes its an uninterested party that may serve to bring together two warring factions.
Yes, Pella growled. And sometimes the uninterested party is used as bait for the attack.
Saras gaze shot over to Pella at his dismissal of such a sentiment of peace. She was surprised to find him standing, a dagger in his hand.
My, my, sighed Haskal, releasing Saras hand theatrically. Your father thinks of you as bait? Perhaps I should be worried.
Or maybe I should, corrected Pella cryptically.
Out of her depth, Sara sought to remedy the tense situation. I wouldnt betray you, my Lord, she said, looking down steadily at the beautiful boy.
No, sweet thing, he said affectionately, his eyes on the landlord, I know you wouldnt.
*

Chapter 9:
The Twin
* * * * *
Twin Magic and Abnormality
A History of Magics
Chapter the Twelfth
By Samjam Juggerram
*
Of twin magic there is much to be said. We must begin, however, by breaking a common misconception: not all twin siblings are magical.
There are two kinds of twins: those created when two separate spirits form into infants at the same time, and those created by the splitting of a single spirit into two bodies. It is the second kind only who harbors mystical abilities.
In the modern world, closed as it is to magical energies, most people carry their spirit tightly inside their bodies. Here they are protected and sheltered. As a result, the spirit, through which a person may connect to the undercurrents of power, is held separate from such energy.
With twins, this is not the case. A single spirit intent on sharing two bodies must travel back and forth between them. This means it is constantly exposing itself and lacks the protection of its single-bodied counterparts. Because it is constantly in motion, then, it will regularly come into contact with the ebb and flow of magical energies. This exposure allows most twins to dabble in the craft unawares, and is the reason that many magicians in history were twins.
One such magician, called Turg, became known for his brutal experiments on twin children after the death of his own brother, Murg. In his experiments he would treat one child as precious, and the other he would hurt or maim horribly, sometimes feeding them strange potions or performing dark rites. When the child under experiment had died, he would kill the other child as well, and compare the two in exhaustive detail.
While the physiognomy of these slaughtered siblings may have fascinated the deranged Turg, it became clear from his findings (before he was taken to sea and sunk) that he had been asking the wrong questions.
When a twin expires, the living sibling has two options: he may either live or die. Because a spirit will sometimes have a firmer grasp on one child than the other, the second brothers mortality is likely to be determined by whether or not the spirit remains with him or moves forward into the next life. Because the spirit will go one way or the other, killing a twin, though terrible, is not the cruelest of punishments.
Its when twins are separated for long periods of time and over long distances that things may become particularly unstable, magically speaking. There will be a point at which the two bodies between which the spirit travels are put at too great a distance. As the connection between siblings fails, the spirit will either abandon a sibling, leaving him soulless, or be split in two. In the latter scenario, these separate parts are not necessarily symmetrical, but they are both, by their nature, vastly incomplete. Each sibling lives still, its true, but its a feeble sort of lifelived with only a fraction of a soul.
* * * * *
Roses head buzzed pleasantly as she watched the Captain throwing his weight against the tall lever while his crew hurried to lift a shifted board back into place. His muscles strained against the tanned skin of his shirtless torso and the sweat of his effort glistened in the sun. There was a strange leaping sensation that passed throughout her bodya desire to be near himto touch him.
With a start, Rose realized she was being watched.
From a shadow emerged the Scribe, his gaze piercing. Rose tore her eyes away from the Captain, fighting the embarrassed blush that came to her cheeks.
Youve been getting too much sun, Master Rose, said Fenric kindly, giving her a reason to appear so red. Perhaps you should consider asking for a position on the night shift. There would be fewer distractions, I should think.
Rose realized that her gaze had strayed once more to the Captain. The board had been shifted and the crew moved to nail it in place. No longer needed, Kaille stepped back to rest his muscles. He wiped the sweat from his brow with a broad, sinewy arm.
Im heading out, said Fenric, clearing his throat.
It took a moment for Rose to register his words. I should go get she began.
No, I shall be heading out, he repeated, changing his emphasis. You shall be finding your own way.
But how would I Rose attempted to ask.
Its not my wish to tell you the how, explained the Scribe. Thats not our arrangement. Ill be giving you the tasks and youll be figuring out how to accomplish them. Thats the bargain.
The light, giddy feeling in Roses chest had vanished. It was replaced by fear. She gave Fenric her full attention. What are my tasks, then?
You built the groundwork for getting into the estate on our last visit the Scribe started to say.
But I didnt get in, Rose felt the need to point out. The master of the house was on to me.
No, you didnt get in, but as I was saying, youve laid the groundwork for future attempts, explained Fenric patiently. You now know, for instance, the layout of the estate and the loyalty of the servants.
Rose frowned and said nothing. She supposed that what he said was true after a fashion, but she didnt feel any more sure of her ability to get inside this evening than she had before.
Taking her silence for a newfound confidence, perhaps, Fenric pulled from his overcoat a crisp, sealed letter. It had a name upon the front that Rose couldnt read, made up of symbols she only vaguely recognized.
Youll find the Lord Delahayes study and set this at the bottom of his pile of correspondence, do you understand? Fenric asked.
No, Rose answered. Why would I do that?
Im not asking if you understand why Ive given you this task, Fenric said sternly, only if you understand the task itself.
Aye, I suppose, Rose said, nodding uneasily.
Good, Fenric said, sounding pleased. And after youve done that, youll go down to the party and dance with the girl in the pink dress. You have the clothes I sent you for?
Rose thought about the bundle of dark garments shed shoved into her trunk. She hadnt been neat about it, considering her fear that Auk was on her heels. Aye, I do, though I dont know if theyre
Are they black? Fenric demanded to know. Rose answered in the affirmative. Then theyll be fine. Here, take this, Fenric said. Reaching under his shirt, he lifted an ornate golden chain from around his neck. Large opals drooped decadently down from its stout metal links. Rose examined it in awe, wondering what else the Scribe might be hiding in plain sight. He placed the jewelry over her head. The weight of the chains large stones weighed heavily on her chest, making it hard to breathe.
Richness is in the details, you see, the Scribe explained.
So youre serious? Rose asked, swaying under the weight of the neckpiece and the gravity it lent to her task. You want me to go to a ball at that giant house?
The Estate, Fenric corrected, and yes. But, as I said, you must find your own way.
But why? Rose asked, suddenly frightened. I thought the whole point of this was
The whole point as you say, is for you to do as I tell you, Fenric said.
But wouldnt it be faster if I
This isnt about what would be faster, said Fenric patiently, its about what would be better.
You want me to dance with a girl? Rose murmured, trying to recall his requests. But I dont know how to dance
Everybody knows how to dance, Fenric said dismissively. Have you tried?
Well, no, Rose admitted, but I dont think
Thats exactly right, Fenric interrupted, preparing to leave, dont think. Just do as I say. Oh, and this will help. 
Unexpectedly, the Scribe produced a dagger and handed it to her. Rose took it, releasing the blade from the scabbard, and felt herself shiver as the knife edge twinkled fiendishly in the twilight.
Butbut where are you going? Rose asked nervously, holding the blade loosely in her confusion.
To see an old friend, said the Scribe vaguely. And to put my own plans in motion. He dropped an expectant look at the dagger and walked off, leaving Rose standing, bewildered, in his wake. 
* * * * *
Simone calmly made a final twist in her sleek, auburn hair and inserted a pin to keep the strands in place. She smiled at Gerhin, who was nearly finished with the back. Do you think Papa will like it? she asked, taking in her appearance and seeing herself resplendent in light blue silk.
Him and every other man, said Gerhin with a knowing smile. She patted her charge affectionately on the shoulder.
From off to the side came a cry, however, and their shared smiles disappeared.
No, oh no, sobbed Lucy in a panic as she attempted to pull the purple dress over her underclothes. She was finding it to be a poor fit. This cant be happening!
What is it Lucy? Simone inquired as Gerhin hastily finished her work and moved to the familys ward.
The dressit wont close! Lucy called, still struggling. Please, please no!
How far open is it? Simone asked, rising from her stool and falling down at Lucys feet. How can I help you, my sweet? Maybe I can sew it?
Its whole inches, Miss, said Gerhin, tugging roughly at the purple fabric. Itll never work.
Just tighten your corset, suggested Emibelle, applying rouge to her lips while trying to hide her amusement. I forgot how much thinner I am than you.
Simone frowned. She cant do that Emi, shell faint.
I would anyway, Lucy said, continuing her desperate shimmy, but its already as tight as itll go.
Aint that the truth, said Gerhin, showing her reddened fingers. I couldnt pull no harder.
Lucy dropped herself in a heap in front of the looking glass, meeting her own bright gray eyes. I dont understand! she cried to her reflection.
Well, youve grown a lot in the last year, Lucy, Simone answered. Youre almost a woman now 
Stop talking! Lucy screamed, throwing her head back. She took several deep breaths, fighting so that the tears in her eyes wouldnt overflow. Realizing shed snapped at the girl she adored, she turned and tried to explain, I need to fit into this dress! I have to go to the ball! Can we add fabric, make it bigger?
I dont have anything that dark, Lucy, Simone said uncertainly.
Youll just have to wear the pink, observed Emibelle with a sneer, now tucking a few stray strands of hair into her elaborate updo.
No! Lucy spat, twirling back to the mirror. No, I wont! Id rather die!
Well, I guess you could skip the party Simone suggested softly.
Lucy wheeled around to face her, incredulous, Never!
Simone swallowed her sense of pity, I dont know what else to do, Lucy
Get out! the Ward cried.
Lucy Simone begged.
Get out! Lucy wailed again, slamming her closed fists into the dressing table. Pins, ribbons, and ointments clattered about. I hate all of you! Go away!
Gods, tantrum much? Emibelle said with a sniff, looking to her older sister. I told you shes too young to handle it.
Youre not helping, Emibelle, Simone said with a sigh. She looked back to her foster sister, eyes full of sympathy, Lucy
Fine, Ill go, said the crying girl, fighting the sympathetic hands that held her. Let me go!
Who said anything about helping? Emibelle continued, turning back to the looking glass. You cant reason with her: shes practically an infant.
Lucy gave Emibelle one last, mortified look before rushing away, purple gown still hanging open at her waist. She tripped over the excess fabric, heard it rip, and kept running.
You cant give the dress back if you ruin it, Emibelle called out the door upon hearing the tearing sound. Youre mine for a year!
Just wear the pink, Lucy, Simone called from the doorway, her tone worried and hopeful. She wouldnt have given an ungenerous look to her younger sister, but she did wish the two of them could find a way to get along.
* * * * *
Rose couldnt begin to comprehend how to make Fenrics commands a reality. She tried to brainstorm, but even the task of ordering her unruly mind seemed impossible: like recalling a dropped tear from the briny sea.
Instead, she contemplated the precisely straight line where the crystal water met the open blue sky. The sea looked so peaceful from far away, but she knew by now how violent it could become, and how endlessly deep it must be.
She attempted again to consider the tasks that Fenric had given her. Try as she might to focus on the future, the needle-sharp dagger at her side kept recalling her to the present. 
Rose had never owned a weapon before. Besides what seemed obvious, she didnt know how to use one. Fenrics tasks took on an ominous light when seen through the sparkle of a piercing blade. Had he meant to couple his final requestto dance with a girl in pinkwith the gift of the dagger, or had that been a coincidence? Rose wasnt sure she believed in coincidence. 
It was too overwhelming. Shaking her head, she cleared from it all thoughts, doubts, and suspicions. It was pointless. Besides, hadnt he instructed her not to think?
Of course, doubts cant usually be willed away within an undisciplined mind, which was exactly the type that Rose possessed. As thoughts continued to surge through her brain like waves battling a rocky shore, she was joined by a miserable-looking Tappan. 
I didnt realize the prank would make things worse, he said, collapsing upon the rail.
Rose, frustrated with her attempts to both think and refrain from thinking, didnt feel that she had time for problems as small as a ships bully. We did it to give him a taste of his own medicine, she said, as though it was obvious. We werent trying to make things better.
Tappan bent his head, chided. Okay, fair enough, he said. But what do we do about it? I havent slept for fear that hell get back at me. Im so tired, Ben.
He thinks Auk did it, Rose said with a frown, amazed at Tappans simpleminded logic. Why are you worried?
Tappan thought about this for a moment too and looked sheepish once more. He wasnt through feeling apprehensive, however, and continued, Well, what if Auk realizes it was us and then he comes and beats me in my sleep? I mean, Cricket
Shh! Rose hissed, spying the red-haired shiphand himself walking up behind them. She searched for another topic. Im getting pretty good at the clove hitch, she said nervously. I couldnt get it through my head at first, but now I think its my favorite knot.
What? Tappan asked, straightening his back in confusion. Then, seeing Cricket join them, he caught on, Oh, aye, its dead useful.
You monkeys are stupid, Cricket observed. Theres no such thing as a favorite knot. What a stupid conversation.
Hey, Crick, Tappan couldnt help himself saying, hows your head doing?
Shut up! Nobody asked you! Cricket yelled, smacking Tappans shoulder. Go away, I have to talk to Ben.
I dont know if Tappan muttered, looking protectively at Rose.  She nodded that she would be fine.
Get out of here, Cricket demanded as Tappan had already turned to leave. He focused his attention on her. Look, Ive been thinking about what we saw.
About that, said Rose, feeling uncomfortable, Im not sure I saw anything.
What are you, a sissy? Cricket cried. Come on, we found pure gold! We control that fat slob now.
Hes Second, Rose argued uncomfortably, he cant be controlled
Cricket laughed at her naivete. You want me to call him over here and prove it?
No! Rose cried, thinking about how much the Second detested idle musing. Hell say I should be working and box my ears!
Ugh, dont you understand? Cricket practically gagged on his superiority. He has no power over us now. You and me, were set for life.
Rose shook her head. Look, Cricket, Im not trying to be simple. I really dont understand what
Do I have to spell it out for you, Misses Monkey? Cricket asked, disgusted. Hes a pickle-sniffer. You knowa ditch digger. When Rose returned a blank look, Cricket practically fell over himself. Come on, were you born under a rock? He does the deed with other men!
Crickets shocked expression told Rose that this must be a very bad thing. She couldnt tell if she was supposed to be ashamed or proud that it didnt bother her. It wasnt that she was ignorant about sexual intercourseit was more that she had always lacked an interest in it. Shed been too busy chasing her twin brother back and forth across the hills and canyons of Kentshore in play to have been pursuing boys or romance. It didnt feel right to form an opinion of something that seemed to concern her so little. She shrugged at the young shiphand.
Illiam and Arion, are you kidding me? Cricket shouted. Slapping his palm upon his forehead, he recalled, Oh wait, what am I thinking? Youre from Kentshore, you were born under a whole kingdom of rocks. If you need me to explain, then here it is: we got him by his saggy, brown balls, alright? He cant ever criticize us again, because if we tell, hell be kicked off the ship. With a depraved cackle, he added, If we play it right, well get him kicked off while were in the middle of the sea, and you have to know the worm-licker cant swim.
Wait, he cant swim? Rose asked, finding this fact far more curious than the ones that came before. In truth, the whole situation seemed far-fetched. She couldnt imagine how even the most dreadful secret could turn a proud man into Crickets puppet. He had to be lying about thisexaggerating his own powerbut he had no reason to lie about Auks inability to swim
No sailors can, dummy, Cricket said as though this was common knowledge. Anyway, thats why I was thinking we should wait to start a fight with him until were back under sail.
I dont think I can do that, Cricket, said Rose, feeling sick. How could she be part of sending a man to his death in the deep blue? I dont even know
Whats wrong with you monkeys? Cricket implored, throwing up his hands. Its like youre all a bunch of women! Lifes tough out at sea, and here you are crying over pole dancers and savages. Youll never make it as a sailor if you go on this way.
Rose was beginning to think this might be true when the Captains voice called out, Ben! Happy for an excuse to leave, Rose moved to answer him.
Hes not calling for you, said Cricket with a disgusted shake of his head. Stop trying to be all special by answering. Im handing you as much power as youll ever need right here.
Ben! came the repeated call.
Rose shook her head at the freckled boy. Ill see you later, Cricket.
Ben! the Captain called again as Rose approached. Upon seeing her and realizing his mistake, he swore loudly. I meantnever mind, he muttered.
Rose was as disappointed by the distress on his face as she was upon seeing that his muscular torso had been put away inside a ruffled shirt and doublet. His curly black hair was wetted and combed, though the discomfort at being so well dressed was evident in his every gesture.
Kaille scratched his head, his sense of command lost. He nodded at her, I only need someone to hire a carriage and then stay with it while I talk to Fenrics contact, so I suppose youll do. Run down and fetch us a ride.
Aye, Captain, said Rose. Realizing that she had just found her way to the ball, she rushed off the ship and into the little port town.
* * * * *
Master Lorey looked out his window upon the quaint port town of Lilly-on-Dunsmere, which he could see quite well from the top of his large house. He watched as the townspeople lit their lamps and candles against the pervading night, and saw that his own four walls clothed themselves in darkness as well.
He didnt know what compelled him to speak, but he opened his mouth to do so all the same, a force of habit born from long years of servitude. Your gold is ready to go. Its being transferred to your carriage as we speak.
How did you know I was here? asked the darkness in the doorway. From out the shadows stepped the Masters master, the man who called himself Fenric.
Youre surrounded by a very special kind of silence, Lorey said, trying to understand the strange sensation that had compelled him to speak and finding himself unable to do so. And you cast a different kind of shadow.
You make me sound like a monster, Fenric observed, stepping slowly nearer the supine man.
Arent we all, asked the Master, half-turning to his guest, in our own ways?
The Scribe looked at him, his eyes sparkling in obscurity. Youre in a dark mood tonight, Fenric observed. Perhaps I shouldve waited outside.
No, no, Lorey said, forcing a smile to his face. Dark moods come with the territory of being on ones deathbed, Ill have you know. Youre a particular inspiration for dark moods, if ever I needed one, but youre also, inevitably, my beloved keeper.
Youre your own master, Darien, said Fenric quietly. Thats always been important to me.
Darien Lorey nodded, breaking into a fit of coughing. Im as free as I could hope to be in this body of bones and disease, youre quite right, he said, clearing his throat into a cloth at his side. He looked at Fenric for the first time that evening, apology ready upon his brow. None of that is your fault.
I thank you for you absolution, said the Scribe.
And if ever I felt a servant, the Master continued, it wasnt with a sense of injustice. You may have prodded me to pick up and move to Scadia, but my beautiful wife was mine to choose. And my child, he is mine. Every day of my life has been a wonder of my own making. I feel quite fine about it all.
Then what is it that gives you such unrest? Fenric inquired.
Perhaps it is, said Lorey thoughtfully, that such a wonderful life must so soon be at an end. I wonder, now that my time is so limited, if I would be equally as sad to leave a poor life behind me. Just think, if I hadnt seen so much beauty in my lifeor known so much lovewould I be so bitter in these, my final days? Has the wonder of it all made me more reluctant to let go? His coughing fit returned, and they both waited for it to pass. He hadnt fully recovered when he spoke again, and he wheezed through the last of his observations, When I think it must be so, I blame you strongly. But take heart, old man, there are worse things to be blamed for, I should think, than giving a person a life so good that hes upset to leave it.
Fenric laughed, sharing the sick mans toothy grin. Ive certainly been blamed for much worse, he admitted, and sometimes Ive even been guilty of it. With a familiar pat of Loreys shoulder, Fenric lowered himself into a seat nearer the sickbed. I run away again after tonight, he announced, my deed will be done.
Ive sent you away with enough gold that you wont have to return, said the Master.
Still, I hope well see one another again, sighed Fenric.
In this life or the next, Im sure of it, Lorey said in agreement. And if not here, then maybe as I limp and you hobble along the buried path to the underworld. Well greet the blazing Bull together, as was intended. Fenric shook with involuntary laughter at the image of them, and the Master, short of breath, chided him for the disrespect. You wouldnt laugh at a dying maneven if you disagreed with his myths. Thats not gentlemanly.
Youre right, old soul, its most unkind, Fenric said, collecting himself. Forgive me. Where Im from, you see, there are supposedly two different places a soul may go when it passes: one for the just and good, one for the wicked and bad. Its considered the place of the evil to burn in the fires underground and the providence of the righteous to ascend to the clouds. I forget that the Illians have but one underworld to which all people, both good and bad, must surely go. For a moment, my dear friend, I thought you had consigned us both to the land of evil men! So you see, I meant no harm by my laughter. No, I quite like your myth. I think theres a certain merit to it thats missing from my own ingrained beliefs, if only in encouraging people to be exactly as they are and doing what they must.
Master Lorey stared at him intently. Youve never spoken of your homeland before. I suppose its another of the places Ill never see.
Its a place Ill never see, Fenric replied. His silence called for further explanation, so he added simply, It was destroyed.
Destroyed? Lorey asked, frightened of what he might have said. And its people along with it?
Many of them, Fenric said with a nod, my mother and sisters included.
But how? Lorey begged to know.
Fenric grinned sadly, I think thats a story for another day.
Its a story for tonight, Im sure, the Master said, pushed by his own mortality to insist, as I may not have another day.
Then its a story for the long walk to the Bull, Fenric pushed back. Well be needing something to speak of for all that time, dont you think?
Master of Changing the Subjectyoure diverting the explanation, Lorey said with a wheezing laugh. You win! I wouldnt want to force you to speak. And youre right, time is short, theres a ball for you to attend.
Fenric walked to the wide window and looked down upon his carriage, which was riding considerably lower than before.
Your men are fast workers, Fenric commented, seeing only his hired driver tending to the horses.
Of course they are. Theyre yours, the Master said with a quick laugh. Then he grew serious. And what of the girl? Is she to be dealt the blow tonight?
I must be done, said Fenric in the affirmative. For the sake of the Kingdom.
And with a pink dress too, sighed Lorey, how rude of you.
I told you about that, did I? Fenric asked, scratching his head. 
No, no, replied Master Lorey with a chortle. My Dunstan found out first hand, as youll recall.
Ah, right! Fenric exclaimed, remembering the handsome boy at the bottom of the foyer. He shrugged. Well, its only the beginning, after all.
I havent been there in so many yearsto Illiamna, said Lorey thoughtfully. I recall so little. And now that Im straddling the bridge to another world, I almost find myself wondering if that land of unforgiving mountains is worth the trouble.
Some might consider such talk treason, said the shadow.
Some might, the Master agreed, Fortunately you know I was only almost wondering and are sage enough to know the difference. All of it was meant to say that Id rather leave the girl and let her be happy as she is.
A girl cant have the throne, said Fenric phlegmatically. We must either change the course of history while we still can or suffer the consequences.
* * * * *
Rose sat across from her Captain as their carriage rattled down the now-familiar dirt road. She tried with difficulty to avoid thinking how the cut of the Captains shirt accentuated the breadth of his shoulders or how the clean line of his chin was perfectly emphasized by the shape of his collar. Nevertheless, she found herself staring at him covertly, and looked away hurriedly whenever she was noticed.
Its the rocking, Kaille said, guessing at her attentions.
Not seeing how this answered the rapid beating of her heart or the strange fluttering of her stomach, Rose squeaked a panicked, What?
I just figured out what I hate about carriages, Kaille explained, his blue eyes now settled upon her. Its the rocking.
Rose grinned through tight lips, noticing for the first time how her body was bouncing left to right. Id think youd be used to that, what with how ships tend to bob to and fro.
Not like this, Kaille said, shaking his head and growing somewhat green. Not with thisbumping. With a sigh, he peering out the window. I suppose were only going a few miles.
Thats right, Rose said knowingly, looking away lest he catch her watching him again.
He, instead, began watching her. Fenric, he said suddenly, do you trust him?
Rose examined her thoughts the way shed been examining the Captains visage. I dont know, she decided, feeling the heavy dagger at her side. Why?
He doesnt seem to ask for trust, Kaille said with a shake of his head. Its easy enough to tell that hes lying.
Hes not lying, Rose corrected. Hes justnot telling the truth.
The Captain laughed, speaking to her like a child, Some people would consider that the same thing.
Some people would be too simple to see the difference, Rose retorted. She was pleased to see the wry arch of the Captains brow as she put him in his place. When most people lie, its to change our perception about something. They do it to re-write events. Fenriche tells you only what you need to know, but what he tells you is true.
Kaille smiled, looking at her with great interest. Rose turned, the fluttering in her chest growing exponentially at his attention until she could hardly stand it. She thought he might talk further about the Scribe, but when he spoke again, it was on a new subject entirely. Who did you lose?
Roses eyes shot to his. Their bright blue shone in the moonlight, and the rest of his eager face echoed the earnest question.
I she stammered, her heart beating heavily, I thought you didnt want to know.
Im not like Fenric, the Captain said teasingly, sometimes I do lie. Or, wait, is it considered lying if I thought it was true at the time I said it? Grinning broadly, he leaned in and repeated his query, So who was it?
Rose was taken aback by his flippant manner and momentarily forgot her invented story. My, ahmy twin, she answered, searching for what information she could safely give without betraying her disguise. My soul.
Kaille blinked heavily several times and sat back, a pained sigh escaping him. A twin, he echoed, gazing out the window at the distant sea. Gods almighty. I thought for sure youd say your pet rabbit oryour racist grandmother or something. II cant even Kaille stammered, unable to sit comfortably upon this information. You were close? Gods! Of course you were close, thats a stupid question.
Rose shook her head, seeing the mistiness in his eyes and finding comfort in it. Nay its not. And aye, we were, she answered. We werethe same person. Even now, Im not sure where I end and she began.
Kailles haunted look lifted in the short length of a moment. Sorry, she?
Yes, my sister Rose said, willing herself to become Benson and speak of herself from a distance. My twin.
Kaille let out a relieved chuckle. Oh, a sister, he said, seeming mollified. I assumed you meant, you know, someone important.
It felt as though Rose had offered herself up to the Captains judgment only to be torn to pieces by his hand. In her efforts to create the character of Benson Rose, shed fallen deeply in love with her invented twin sister, not because the girl represented Roses love for her brother, which she knew well, but because the girl represented all she could ever know of her brothers love for her.
Important? Rose snapped. You cursed the gods for me moments ago, but now shes not important?
Kaille recoiled from Roses searing gaze, her livid fury, but he fought his case. Come now, everyone knows you cant mourn for a sister the way you do for a brother. Its just not the way men function.
Rose blanched. It frightened her that she would never know what Benson felt about her, not really. Hed seemed distant when they met these past months. A sliver of doubt shot through her. What if the Captain was right? What if the connection between them meant less to him than it did to her?
Im not saying she wasnt dear to you, Kaille added, seeing that his shipboy was upset. But she wouldve been off at lessons, learning to sew and tend a garden. You couldnt have grown so close to her as you would a brother. Its just not the same.
Lessons? Tending a garden? Unable to stop herself, Rose recalled the character of a crazed gardener as he dazzled the simple servants with a passionate speech. Joy rushed into her mind.
In that moment of delight, she felt her sense of Benson return.
The speculation was pointless. The worry was pointless as well. She didnt need to hear her brother say he loved and missed her. Words wouldnt have expressed the bond between them anyhow. Rose knew how she felt both with and without him, and that was enough.
I know this, she said honestly, my sister loved me like the second half of her heart
And so she would, Kaille said consolingly, for she was a female, and thats what they do. But real loss, you see, is the loss of an equal.
Im a fishermans son, Captain, she said coldly. If youre talking about equality, then you must place me at the bottom of the ladder. They dont spirit away the daughters of fishermen for sewing instruction. There were never any lessons. There werent even chores. Rose fought the tears that stung her eyes, but continued with intensity, There was just a boy and a girl left to wander over the countryside, their minds entwined and their two hearts beating as one.
Kaille, hand to his mouth, sat back again. He wore a look of abject horror at his words.
Rose didnt care. Speaking her heart aloud felt too good to stop just because her audience had become uncomfortable. II feel like part of me was ripped away. And they didnt rip away a thing I could live without, like an arm or a legbut a part of my beinga part of my soul. I live now, every day, feeling as though Im walking around with a massive, bloody wound instead of a body. Despite how much I want it to heal, it never will, becausebecause if it healed it would mean Id forgotten her. Ill never forget her!
Rose broke down into tears. She curled her legs around her, shielding her body from sight or contact. With only a few words shed traveled from feeling the pure love of her twin to the purest misery of his absence.
Feeling a gentle hand touch her head, Rose heard the soft words, I didnt meanI didnt know
Roses head shot up at the touch, as though on fire. If youre trying to suggest that shes lesser than your friend because shes female, she snapped, then you have to say that Im lesser too, because were exactly the same, regardless of whatever lies you may choose to tell yourself about people and equality.
The Captain shifted uncomfortably in his seat, his face showing every ounce of regret he felt over belittling the grieving boys sister. Youyou dont seem lesser, he said carefully. You seem a bit more, in factIm sorry Benson, I didnt mean
I know what you meant, Rose replied scornfully, wiping angrily at her tears.
Please, I take back every word, said the Captain genuinely.
He rose from the carriage bench and squeezed in alongside the sobbing girl, awkwardly opening his arms in an embrace. Rose fell into his body, her face contorted by the effort to hold back her sorrow. She didnt know how men were supposed to comfort one another, but she found herself clinging to the Captain as a child might, forehead buried in his broad shoulder.
It was the first time shed cried about Bensonnot that she would admit to crying about him if he asked. Shed cut herself off from thinking too much about her twins disappearance, and though denial of his absence was the only thing allowing her to function day-to-day, her pent-up emotions poured free once given an outlet. Embarrassed as she was to be so vulnerable in front of a man who made her pulse race, however, there was also something about opening her heart to him that felt impossibly right.
Before long, Roses sobbing faded.
You were so kind as to leave me alone in my grief, spoke the Captain as he patted Roses head gently, and here I probed too harshly into yours. Youre right if youre thinking Im a bad person. I can be thoughtless sometimes. Though you deserve better than anything I have to offer, please allow me grieve for you and your twin sister. And let me thank you for setting me straight. She must have beenremarkable.
Rose heard more than an apology in his words. She heard her beloved Captains praise for her own self. Hed been made to believe in a woman of equal value to himself, though moments ago the thought had seemed unimaginable.
The embrace lingered. The heat of the Captains body had became unbearably hot where it contacted Roses by the time she noticed herself reacting to it. She realized for the first time exactly how close he was, and took in a delicious breath of his intoxicating scent. He smelled of sea air and sailing ships and the warm, life-giving sun.
Breath shallow, Rose pulled back slightly, looking up to meet the Captains brilliant blue eyes. They reflected the depths of the sea, but as entrancing as they were, her gaze couldnt help but seek his soft lips, which were slightly parted. Unable to stop herself, Rose felt herself sway gently towards him, imagining with a heady warmth the feel of his mouth upon hers.
Rose woke from her fevered fantasy with a start. She saw with relief that, despite her desire, she hadnt actually closed the distance between them. She sniffled loudly, play-acting at feeling more drunken with grief than she truly was as a way of explaining her strangely feminine behavior. She gave him a quick nod to show her forgiveness, and then looked out the window, breathing deeply in the hopes of regaining her calm.
Though she didnt look at the Captain again on their short trip to the Delahaye estate, the Captain had begun a careful inspection of her.
*

Chapter 10:
The Pink Dress
* * * * *

The Fat Frog
Ferlees Fables
*
There was a heavy rain over the pond after Mother Frog laid her eggs. Shed worked carefully to prepare a space for her babies, but when she awoke the morning after the storm, there were twigs and leaves strewn all about in the most terrible clutter.
Mother Frog didnt fret, however, since all of her eggs had survivedall but one, that is, which seemed darker than it ought to be. She thought it might have been damaged, because the others turned into tadpoles soon after and the dark one did not. She let it rest, however, and her patience was soon rewarded.
The late tadpole remained small and dark all through the rainy season, and though he was of a cheerful temperament among his group of brothers and sisters, other residents of the pond teased him relentlessly.
Hes so dark and tiny! cawed the Mother Crow, an old friend in gossip. She would slap her wing into the water, causing the dark tadpole to swim away.
As the weeks passed and the summer became warm, the tadpoles grew into little frogs. Their smooth skins were moist and slick, and they jumped about happily all day, showing off to all in the pond of Frogland.
The dark little tadpole, however, soon outgrew his siblings. He became darker still, his skin bubbling and rough. His limbs grew thick and even his brothers and sisters, who loved him, called him overweight and ugly. He was known throughout the pond as the Fat Frog.
Mother Frog in particular was devastated that the Fat Frog wasnt more handsome. She considered his appearance to be her fault, since she hadnt built up a strong enough nest during the rains. Though she loved him fiercely, she couldnt understand what had caused his slick skin to grow dry, his smooth body to grow rough, and his lean belly to grow large.
Every month, during the full moon, all residents of Frogland would gather for a party. These nights were the hardest for the Fat Frog because it was at these parties that his brothers and sisters would fall in love with the frogs from other ponds. He watched enviously as the new lovers joined one anther in the dance, knowing that no frog would ever dance with him like that, ugly as he was.
The day after such a party a new Goose landed upon the water. She was a pleasant kind of bird, and the Fat Frog liked her very much. Theyd been nearly an hour in talking when the gossiping Crow called down.
Oh, you dont want to talk to that one. Thats the Fat Frog.
The Goose was beside herself with laughter, and before long the Crow flew away, wondering if shed been insulted.
Hes not a Frog, the Goose called after the Crows retreating form. Looking at the Fat Frog, she added, Why, youre a Toad!
Many frogs in the pond had been listening to this exchange with curiosity, but when the Goose spoke these last words, there was a chorus of gasping ribbits. The Fat Frog looked around, surprised.
Whats a Toad? he asked.
Hush now! exclaimed a Grandmother Frog. Dont say such things! Toads are evil creatures.
The Goose threw back her neck and laughed once more. Now thats just silly, she said knowingly, you only say so because you think you dont know any. Why, I bet you all he was tossed here by that terrible storm. Evil creatures? Ive been talking to this Toad for nearly an hour, and hes as good a Toad as Ive ever met.
Thats because hes a Frog, said the Grandmother Frog tersely. She grabbed the Fat Frogs leg and pulled him away from the Goose, who she declared to be a bad influence.
That night, as the Frog Mother tucked in her babies, the Fat Frog asked her about Toads. Little frogs arent like human children, you see, who read books when theyre young to learn of the wide world beyond. Mother Frog had never seen a Toad, nor had her mother before her. Toads existed only in ancient bedtime stories about bad creatures that lived down by the big lake. No frog would consider going down to the lakethey already had everything they needed in the pond and were afraid besidesso with each generation, the stories grew darker.
Go to sleep, my darling, said Mother Frog, pretending she hadnt heard her sons question.
Day by day the Fat Frogs brothers and sisters moved out, mating with other frogs in other ponds and starting families of their own. Soon he was the only one left at home. One morning his mother told him there would be a new group of tadpoles to join him. She seemed very happy and he helped her prepare the space, but he felt lonely as they worked. 
Though he never asked again about Toads, he thought about them all the time.
On a late afternoon, as he sat upon a lily pad trying to ribbit, he saw a bush rustle. Out hopped a dark, warty creature. The Fat Frog gasped. The creature looked just like him! In his excitement he let out a mighty croak, and the frogs in the pond all stopped what they were doing to stare. The Fat Frog looked around at them, embarrassed, and by the time he glanced back towards the shore, the creature had gone.
Was that a Toad? he wondered to himself. Was the Goose telling the truth?
The question nagged at him for several nights, until he could bear it no longer. Leaping up from his bed, the Fat Frog stepped out into the dark, heading in the direction that birds peered when they spoke of fishing in the lake.
He hopped his slow way through the grasses and shrubs, nervous to be so far from the pond. Hed been gone for many hours before he heard a familiar noise. It was a croaking, like the one that had come out of his own unsuspecting throat. Emerging onto the pebbled beach of the wide lake, the Fat Frog found himself surrounded by creatures that looked just like him!
I am a Toad! he exclaimed. Knowing what he was only provided a moment of relief, however, for in the next moment he realized he didnt know how to be a Toad. They croaked at him from the shadows and seemed frightening in their differences.
It was then that a Grandpa Toad hopped up.
You seem confused, he said simply, coming to rest at the Fat Frogs side. You must be new. Theres no need to be frightened. Just do as I do.
Glad to have guidance, the Fat Frog followed the Grandpa Toad out and around the lake. He learned the ways of the toads quickly, and made many fast friends. It was a great relief to meet creatures like himself and he was pleased to learn that his skin was supposed to be dry, his body supposed to be rough, his belly supposed to be large. He was considered handsome by many female toads, and he picked from among them a wife.
While he sat many nights eating mosquitoes and sleeping in a hole underground, the New Toad began to miss his Frog Mother. It didnt matter to him that he wasnt really her son, for he still loved her and his siblings very dearly. He also missed the full moon parties and the dancing, of which the Toads didnt approve. As a full moon drew near, the New Toad asked his wife to come with him to the ponds. She agreed, if somewhat reluctantly, and they set to hopping.
At first the residents of the pond were surprised to see himtheir memories were very shortbut Mother Frog would never forget one of her tadpoles. She leapt forward and wrapped her slick legs around him in a hug.
My precious son! she cried, Im so glad you werent eaten!
The New Toad was happy to find her in good health. He allowed himself to seem surprised that there was a frog party that very evening. When the time came and the sky grew dark, frogs from all over Frogland hopped to the gathering pool and began to ribbit their music. The New Toads brothers and sisters seemed very pleased to see him again, and remarked on the fatness of his frog wife.
Shes not fat, said the New Toad smoothly, shes a Toad. And you cant say youre afraid of Toads, because Ive been one all my life.
The frog brothers and sisters were shocked by this turn of events at first, but they grew to love their new Toad Brother and his Toad Wife. His wife, in turn afraid of the frogs, found them to be very nice kinds of creatures, and even tried dancing, which wasnt nearly so bad as shed been lead to believe.
Toads often joined the parties in Frogland thereafter, and frogs often ventured down to Toadville on the lake. The New Toad had many toad children and he told them all of his childhood as a frog.
* * * * *
Jas plodded below decks after watching Kaille enter the carriage without him. He could hardly believe that he was being left behind. For several unbearable moments hed considered running after the quickly departing horses. Overcome with anger and frustration, hed decided to seek the company of the only person whod understand.
Whyl was to be found pulling at his chains, his eyes wild. I heard a group depart, he exclaimed. Are they going to the ball? You must go with them. Our time is short. Or please, if you can, set me free!
Would that I could do both, said Jas, feeling as though he might soon begin tearing out his own hair in frustration. But I dont have the key, nor do I know where hes gone.
You dont have the key, Whyl said breathlessly, but itll be in the Captains cabin. He wouldnt bring it with him to the ball.
NayI suppose not, Jas said, mapping out the cabin in his head. But if I go inside without permission, that would be mutiny.
You worry about mutiny when an entire kingdom may be in the balance? Whyl asked scornfully. Sometimes mutiny is a good thing, my friend. Sometimes its a matter of life and death. This, he said, slamming his fist against a beam, this is about life and death!
I-I want to believe you Jas stammered, squeezing his cacophonous head between his hands. Kaille ishes a good man. He wont let the Scribe
You think a mere ships Captain will stand between Fenric and his target? Whyl said ungenerously. Hell kill the Captain the moment hes in the way. And the girl, she has days at most if shes put the dress on. Or if Im wrong and the dress isnt poisoned, then you can be sure hes gone to the party with a sharpened dagger!
Please, be calm, my friend, Jas said, worried to see Whyls shackles being pulled so tightly. Youll hurt yourself
Hurt myself Whyl muttered, falling back into a mad guffaw. That is, by far, the least of anyones worries. Hurt myself
If we could only show the Captain some proof, Jas said, considering Kailles objections. I know hed see reason.
Proof! Whyl cried, his arms flying wide. The proof is right before your eyes!
And I see it, said Jas, I do, but
You want evidence? Whyl scoffed. You cant listen to the truth, you must have something to hold? Fine, he said scornfully. My pocket.
Your pocket? Jas asked. His eyes traveled down to the prisoners bulging pocket.
Yes, yes! Whyl said impatiently. Inside. I cant reach. My journal was returned while I was feverish. You must read it.
Jas, having forgotten the journal in his panic at Kailles departure, felt all of his deep longing to read it return. Would he, at last, know its most secret contents? Swallowing with difficulty, his hands trembling, he extricated it from Whyls clothing. Sitting back, his breath shallow, Jas held the journal before him and ran his fingers over the worn name on the cover: Whyl Winesmith. With an excited sigh, he opened the pages and began to read.
* * * * *
Lucy reached her room in a passion, slamming the door behind her. She rushed away only to find Emibelles purple dress had caught in it. With the train stuck, she was pulled forcibly to the ground. Lucy cried out, struggling to extricate herself, finally clawing and scratching herself out of the gown that was supposed to have been her saving grace.
Finally struggling free, she reached down, grabbed the offending fabric, and lobbed it across the room. She heard the dress come into contact with her shelf of dolls, sending them cascading to the floor. There was a crash and a crunch, and she rushed over to see the broken face of a porcelain doll, a favorite of her childhood.
Letting out a low whine, Lucy flung the doll to the nearest wall and watched as it shattered. She grabbed another doll and another, tossing them from herself as she howled in frustration.
It was then that Lucy turned into a whirlwind, seizing every trinket and treasure in sight and throwing them violently away. She banged upon her doors, tore at her clothes, and beat her fists against all the world.
The scene was as violent as it was short-lived. Soon exhausted, she collapsed upon the floor amidst a heap of broken things. Panting, she stared at them, disgusted by their very existence.
Emibelle was right, she realized as she compared her collection of playthings to the stark room and neat possessions of her nemesis. Lucy was a child. She was ever lost in her own imagined worlds of pretense and fantasylost in the latest game, the latest story.
It was time to grow up.
Lucy leapt up, her mind decided. She emptied a wooden box of her seldom-used sewing supplies and began tossing into it every toy she could see, sometimes great handfuls at a time. Somewhere within, her child self cried at the loss of such stalwart friends, but on the surface all the girl could see was red. She searched the room with a singleness of mind that not even her Delahaye sisters had ever seen. She discovered behind curtains, in corners of wardrobes, and under straw mattresses every little toy shed ever owned. Once found, it was un-examined, and was thrown into the overflowing box.
At last, the final piece of furniture overturned, Lucy stared at herself in the looking glass, her chest heaving and her cheeks red. From the corner of her eye, there was a flash of pink. Turning her head to the side, Lucy spied the ruffled monstrosity that had begun her troubles, now sprawled across her small couch.
Giving it her best impression of an evil eye, Lucy considered the terrible fate that it deserved. Shed let the dog tear it apart first. Then shed leave it out in the mud during a rainstorm, and once it was dry shed make sure it was burned until not a hint of pink remained.
Spiteful thoughts swirling, Lucy barely heard the fanfare of trumpets that announced the beginning of the ball. With a sudden jolt of awareness, she realized that the birthday girls were being presented to their guests.
A new emotion filled Lucys chest, replacing everything else shed felt. It was one of abandonment and loneliness. Shed hardly considered that the party would go on without her. It didnt seem right. And yet what had she expected? The guests would arrivehad already been on the way. Did she think Master Delahaye would walk out and address them, saying that they had all better go away, as his ward wasnt feeling well? It was absurd. 
Then it dawned on Lucy. If she wanted to go to the partyand she desperately wanted to go to the partyshe would have to wear the pink dress.
She tried to look at the garment with softened eyes. It was badit was very, very badif she went down in it she would be a toad among frogsbut was it worse than missing out on her favorite night of the year? She thought she might die if the young man from Linisie Estate saw her in such rufflesbut then, what kind of hardship would it be the following day to hear how he danced all evening with Emibelle while Lucy had no stories of her own?
Knowing that she simply couldnt swallow to be left out, Lucy grabbed at Fenrics dress and pulled it over her head. Buttoning the back in a hurry, she straightened her hair, gave herself a perfunctory look, and rushed downstairs.
* * * * *
Rose had been instructed to stay in the carriage until the Captain returned, but she waited only long enough for it to come to a rest beside the stables before jumping out. Checking that the way was clear, she rushed across the grounds to the back of the house.
The bustling kitchen had taken over parts of the yard, and food was being grilled, chopped, plated, and arranged below the star-filled night sky. Rose, skirting the edge, watched as boys in rough garb were handed bowls and given instructions as to where they must be brought. Following their example, Rose snatched up a bowl and headed towards the kitchen entry.
No one stopped her as she passed over the threshold. She began ascending a set of stairs.
You, boy with the fruit bowl, called a voice that commanded her to stop. Those are needed in the dining room.
Nay, said Rose. Momentarily stunned, she recalled the servants shed interacted with the other day, and gave an honest effort at their accent and mannerisms. I were given specific instructions to bring em to the Masters study.
The woman, clearly an important figure in the house, eyed her skeptically. Madam Purcel told you this? she asked through pursed lips.
Rose didnt know who the Madam was, but she nodded anyway. She said there be a meeting up there later and that they be wanting refreshments.
The woman bit her lip, wondering if shed been left out of the loop. A moment later she snapped, Then what are you waiting for? Go!
Maam, Rose said with a nod, climbing a few stairs. She stopped and looked back down. Only she said pathetically, this house be so big
Oh for the love of sighed the woman. Its two floors up, left at the bannister, right at the portrait of Sir Atelier, and the third door on the right. Turning to her fellow servant, she complained loudly, Ugh, I swear to you, these hired servants are barely better than trained mice.
At least the mice move faster, said the second maid, loud enough to send  several servants hurrying on their way.
Rose tried to remember the womans hasty instructions as she found herself facing a series of hallways. Dizzy for a moment at the sheer size of the estate, she felt overwhelmed. The Turnagain, prior to that moment, had been the largest structure shed been insideand the ship was impressive enough after the rough mud and straw huts of her childhood. 
The great house had tidy white walls and shiny wooden floors. The corridors were lined with expensive trinkets, furniture, and paintings of men from their shoulders up. Rose turned in circles, taking it all in, afraid to get too chose, lest the slightest breath from her sailor lungs might mar the beautiful hall.
Recalling that she had a task to complete, however, Rose plied her mind for the imperious maids directions. She swerved left at the top of the stairs, passing family portraits until she saw one of a man with a particularly large nose.
Are you Atelier? she asked him, exasperated. He wore an odd expression, as though he was surprised to have been painted. Beyond him, she saw a door that was slightly ajar. The light of a flickering candle streamed from the opening. Compelled to see what was inside, Rose listened for sounds from within. It was silent and empty, however, and she carefully let herself in.
There was a large carved desk and shelves of books lining the walls. The flickering candlelight shed seen came from an assortment of candelabras sitting on small wooden side tables. Next to the desk, on another small table, sat a tray covered in opened letters. Seeing the chance to complete her first task, Rose pushed the door closed and made her way towards it.
Digging Fenrics now-crumbled letter from her pocket, she lifted the stack of correspondence. She was about to place his note at the bottom when her attention was caught by a strangely familiar design rendered in ink. It was a splotch, perhaps, or a seal on a letter that seemed to have been forgotten at the bottom of the pile. Tugging this message free with difficulty, she wasted little time in swapping out the notes.
The letter she now held looked as though it had been routed and re-routed several times, having a name and town crossed out and a new one written below it, only to be crossed out in favor of another. Below the changes in address, however, was the intended recipient: Fenric.
Barely aware that she was doing so, Rose ripped at the seal and opened the letter. Inside was printed a few short words. Rose thought she might be able to recognize them if given the time, but in the moment she was more struck by the design below the words, a replica of the one on the front, except bigger.
Where had she seen the design before?
Already on edge, Rose nearly jumped out of her shoes when, with a metallic click, the study doorknob turned. She dropped the letter, picked it up, dropped it again, grabbed it hastily, and ran to the opposite wall.
There was no other exit. Looking around, Rose spied a large cabinet. She found it to be only half-full of soft jackets and pushed her way past them, closing the door behind her.
There were hesitating murmurs from the two voices outside the study, one saying that he thought hed left the room open and the other commenting that a maid may have closed it. She recognized the second voice as Fenrics. She supposed the other must belong to the master of the house.
* * * * *
Jas listened for voices within the Captains Cabin, knowing full well there was no one there. Try as he might to convince himself that he was doing the right thing, the nagging sense of breaking deeply ingrained rules weighed heavily on his conscience.
The Shipmans Code of honor at sea made entering the Captains Cabin without permission among the greatest crimes a sailor could commit. It signified mistrust of a Captain, and was among the first signs of mutiny.
Despite his profound unease, Jas placed his hand on the handle of the Captains door, turned it, and pushed his way through. Sweat broke out across his forehead at this effort of defiance, and he clenched his eyes shut as he took the first forbidden steps inside.
Mouth dry, Jas opened his eyes a crack, preparing for an act of fate or justice to smite him where he stood. Anticlimactically, the empty room remained still and silent.
Jas shuddered in relief, letting out the breath he hadnt recalled taking. Once within, his task seemed infinitely easier.
Jas rushed to the long chest of drawers that sat below the ships rear windows and began rifling through the compartments. He moved with haste, so as to be done before his good luck ran out.
As he tore through Kailles carefully organized belongings, he pictured a younger Whyla man still innocent of the worldgetting his first job on a sailing ship. Hed been naive, perhaps, to set sail on an as-yet unnamed shipthat itself was a terrible taboobut hed left the kingdom of solid ground with the best of intentions.
Failing to find the key in a quick perusal of the drawers, Jas ripped them one by one from their frames and rifled though them once more, tossing papers and trinkets to the deck. As he did so, he imagined what it must have been like for Whyl, learning he worked for a man he couldnt trust in such an inescapable place as a ship at sea.
Jas let out a roar of frustration at his continued failure. He scattered the contents of the chart table, tore the linens off the Captains bed, and began tossing his friends clothes to the floor.
He pictured Whyl, below decks and in chains, and then he imagined the boy from Whyls written words. That naive boy, just like the others found slaughtered upon that sinking ship, had all drowned. He sympathized with the confused and helpless shiphands of the Illiamnaut. How terrible must it have been as they slowly came to realize there was a scheme aboard
Jas put himself in their place, hearing the whispers of a plot against the crown, discovering that he floated upon a condemned royal ship. All were the kind of things that would drive a man to madness while trapped aboard a floating collection of sticks in a veritable desert. He could hardly believe that all of this had happened to the poor man.
And the Scribe! Jas thought, pushing down Kailles heavy chair in frustration. That blasted Scribe and his Tikaani witch! Even Whyl had known that the girlthe one wed left in that barren rocky townwas an evil sorceress.
Tearing through the Captains possessions for a third time, Jas imagined the terror that Whyl must have gone through next as sailors died mysteriously or disappeared without a trace. And then, just when it seemed like things couldnt get any worse, there was a dark sail on the horizona sail that grew ever nearer and didnt deviate from their course.
And poor Whyl, knowing that he was about to diewriting, in fact, what he thought would be his final words!
The Scribe had accused Whyl of sharing the name of a man he knew and had threatened the boys life for this cruel coincidence! What kind of monster was he? 
With another frustrated roar, Jas rushed back to the door, thinking that the Captain must have taken the key with him to the ball.
Just as he went to leave, however, Jas saw the very same key hanging benignly on a hook by the door, easily to be seen upon entrance. Cursing himself as a fooland Fenric as a liarJas ripped the key from its chain and rushed back below decks.
* * * * *
Rose heard the familiar sound of Fenric collapsing onto a seatthis time the one in the Lord Delahayes studyas the mans injured leg fell out from under him.
Its an honor to finally meet you, Master Fenric, after all of your fine letters, said the Lord Delahaye once theyd been seated. Ive always regretted being away from home on those infrequent occasions when youve visited. I was sad, also, to have missed you the other day after the yelling match with your niece. This blasted party gets more complicated every year, so it seems, and I had the most odd distraction. Did you know, dear sir, that the trees are considering rebellion?
Rose, who had been slowly prizing the cabinet door open, caught a glimpse of Fenric, who for the briefest of moments met her panicked eye. You know, he said thoughtfully, I have heard something like that. Up north, especially. Its an odd sort of business.
Rose sighed in relief, keeping a careful eye on the Scribe.
Well Ive let my wife rest assured that were doing all that we can, answered the Lord Delahaye, his voice slightly less skeptical than before. And I hope she passes it through the neighborhoodI dont wish to be the only house wherein the servants are seen talking to trees.
Thats all we can do, old friend, said Fenric generously. And the honor of our meeting is all mine. Speaking of meetings, since Ive had no response to my letter, Ive brought the Captain that I mentioned here tonight. We leave tomorrow, youll recall, so times running short.
There was a long pause. The Captain? Your letter? the Lord Delahaye finally asked. Forgive me, old friend, but what letter? There has only been one letter, but it was for you, not from you.
Fenrics head turned to him with a sudden, violent motion, his eyes intense. I should like to see that also, but Im very sure there was letter in which I entreated you to meet a new contact of mine. Its very important, you see, since Ive promised
The Lord Delahayes frown grew deep. Its in poor taste, old friend, he said with practical firmness, to deal with matters of business during my wifes party. Its an especially poor idea, since Im not
Please, I know its not good practice to see such a man about trade at the last moment, and certainly not during such festivities, Fenric said sternly, but thats why I sent a letter asking for an earlier audience. My letter mustve been here for months. Are you certain it hasnt gotten lost at the bottom of your pile? I can hardly believe you wouldve ignored it.
Of course not, said Delahaye with prideful indignation. He rose and moved to his tray of correspondence, picking up the majority and searching at the bottom, I should, however, give you the letter about which I spoke, and without delay. Rifling through the stack, he paused, rifled again, and pulled out the letter Rose had placed there minutes before. But here I find only the letter of which you speak, with the other disappeared. Perhaps I put it somewhere else.
Rose could see Fenrics confused reaction to the existence of a second letter. She felt the object of interest grow heavy in her hand, but could do nothing at this point to return it.
The Lord Delahaye, in the meantime, had opened and read Fenrics message. Its seems I misspoke, my friend, he said as he read. I see youve known of your arrival here for nearly half a year and had gone so far as to choose this date knowing that Id be at home for the ball. Youve entreated me to visit you at the docks at my first convenience. The Lord Delahayes silence was horror-struck. I hope my absence hasnt been viewed as a slight to your honor. It was only ignorance of your request that kept me away.
I assumed as much, said Fenric, smiling through his own mounting nerves. All is forgiven of course, theres no question of your good intentions.
Please, I feel guilty. I must be assuaged, said Delahaye, rising from his seat and moving towards the cabinet in which Rose sat. What do you say to a brandy and a smoke by way of apology? Its time, is it not, that we got to know one another?
That would be a rare pleasure, Fenric said quickly, however you must allow me to assuage my guilt for taking you away from your lovely wife. Please, you should return to the party. I too, should return. I must speak to my niece.
Delahayes steps hesitated. About that, he said slowly, your niece is The Lord paused, struggling for words. When he spoke again, he did so with the utmost care, I imagine that shes very confused, what with the nature of her disguise
Please, dont speak of it, Fenric said hastily in a hushed voice. Rose got the distinct impression that this wasnt a thing she was supposed to hear. Id always thought there would come a time when things began to get out of hand, however
That time is long passed, said Delahaye. I agreed to this arrangement because I thought it would be a short-term imposition. It can only be a short-term imposition, you understand. These things cant stay hidden
I know this, Fenric said in the same hushed tones. Ive formed a plan for curing the current situation, however. Shell be dealt with tonight.
I hardly think it necessary to began Delahaye.
Please, my Lord Delahaye, said the Scribe. Ive come here with a plan. Allow me the time to implement it, and youll soon find the problem has been taken care of. In the meantime, allow me to find the Captain for an introduction.
Ill go with you, said Delahaye, helping Fenric to his feet. My wife prefers I get rid of all my distractions at the same time.
As the two men headed through the door, Rose felt an uneasiness settle upon her, caused no doubt by the ominous tone of Fenrics assurances. He claimed to have a plan to deal with his niece, but the only plan Rose knew of was to offer herself in a dance. Were the two plots related?
Rose ran to the study door after it had been closed for several moments, but she found it locked. She turned this way and that in her desperation, looking about the room for another way out.
Ive forgotten to find the letter that came for you, said the voice of the Lord Delahaye, returning from down the hall. Rose shot back into the cabinet as he fumbled with his keys. Please go on without me, Ill find you in a moment.
*

Chapter 11:
The Ball
* * * * *
Lynchpins and Liars
A Sideways Glance at the Spy of the Pharuses
Introduction
By Loh Moghler
*
If its true that history is written by the victors, then its also true that secrets are only kept by those who win the privilege of keeping them. Its in this way that Marius Lynch was exposed to history as a traitor, whereas his rival, known only as the Spy of the Pharuses, faded from this world and into obscurity as a sort of shadowy hero. Lynch has since received every kind of denigration, being called incompetent and evil. In order to claim a person as a rival, however, our hero must have considered his antagonist to be of equal standing. Knowing that the Spy had a peer goes a long way towards understanding the unknown. So it is that we may begin to comprehend our befogged national legend through the lens of our renowned historical villain.
Its well documented that Marius Lynch worked for the office of the Usurper, a well-sharpened tool in the vile mans arsenal of power as he hunted the hidden heirs to the ends of the earth. In records of his trial, Lynch admitted to many guises with which he attempted his mission, sometimes as powerful statesmen, sometimes taking the names of dead men, and not a few times under a shady alias such as Fenric (a name that has taken on particular significance since the research and publications of Professor Pflumigan at the turn of the century).
Its unknown if Marius Lynch fought during the War of the Usurper, but there is much mention of him after Illiamna fell into conflict. From the beginning, his skill at taking on new personas, stashing away money, and garnering favor from rich and poor alike, led him into a position of prominence in the new regime. 
While its celebrated that the Spy of the Pharuses disposed of the Usurpers men by the dozens, Lynch was instead vilified for taking several lives in his search for the Heirs. As is always the case with war, the crime of murder was met on the winning side with a reward. On the losing, however, it was punishable by death. So it was that Marius Lynch was executed shortly after his trial.
What can this mans life teach us about the existence of our own shadowy legends? What can this mans death teach us about our own national identity? I dont seek to shatter fairy stories or overturn statues with this book. Rather, I seek to paint our past as a time when men interacted with other men, and wherein their decisions shaped the way we live today.
The Spy of the Pharuses was a man like any other. He felt and bled and, contrary to popular belief, he also died. We know this because his rivalhis marked equalfelt and bled and died as well. Its in humanizing these figures from our past that we may understand how to build our own modern legends for the future.
* * * * *
Lucy nearly forgot the dress she wore as she gazed happily around the beautifully decorated ballroom. She didnt think shed ever seen so many asters in her life. Picked and placed only that morning, they filled the room with the breathtaking aroma of late summer.
Without meaning to, Lucys rapturous observations brought her into the path of Doormaster Gendry who, grabbing her hand, presented it to a young man with chestnut-colored skin.
It took Lucy no time at all to recognize the boy from the high-heather, though he was at the moment resplendent in a well-tailored navy suit and had his curly hair slicked back, not wild as though he'd just emerged from under a tossed dress. She blushed at the memory.
Lucy didnt have time to rearrange the goofy smile that crossed her face at the sight of his handsome visage. She locked her grey eyes upon his light brown ones, desperately wanting to know his thoughts. His expression was unreadable, however, as he took her offered hand.
May I present the Delahaye ward, Lucy Helayna: a beautiful girl and a fine dancer, said Gendry, smiling upon them both. It would give me much pleasure to pair you in a dance.
Oh, you old fool, what can you be thinking? Emibelles voice protested. It could only have been this high-pitched trill that broke through Lucys excited stupor. She felt her foster sisters fingers entwine with her own, causing Dunstans grip to fall free. That shade of pink would clash horrendously with his cravat. Emibelle looked sympathetically at Lucy and continued. Maybe such things can be excused at a country reel where no one cares about anything, but just look at the decor: its stunning. Master Lorey, isnt it far too stunning to waste on dances with children?
Dunstan made a few guttering noises, caught between insulting his hosts decorations, the daughters favor, or the Wards vanity.
Right, indeed, he stammered, far too stunning. Hoping to regain himself on the last count, he added with a sideways grin, I never heard, either, of a fairy attending a ball. She belongs, I think, to the enchanted woods, not the candle-lit ballroom.
Fairy! Emibelle cried merrily, wrapping her other hand around Lucys and squeezing it tightly. What childish nonsense have you been spouting now, Lucy-Goosy? Looking at her foster sister, she teased at the Wards disheveled curls. But I think shes been caught in a windstorm. What happened to your hair, dearest?
The music for the next dance began to play and Emibelle gave Lucys curls a final fond pat. She shrugged, indicating their hopeless state. Dropping her foster sisters hand, Emibelle took up Loreys instead.
We cant stand around in such a stupid manner, for Master Lorey is wanted on the floor with darling Simone, and Ive been pledged to get him there on time!
With a giggle, she pulled the Scadian boy away and they melted into the crowd. Lucy could only glare after them, not sure whether to feel pleased or embarrassed that the beautiful boy thought of her as a fairy. Shaking her head, she marched forlornly to the refreshment table.
* * * * *
Jas trudged along the road, his sense of fear mounting. He and Whyl had spotted the house on the low hill, alight with festivities, and were rapidly approaching the estates tall gate without having formed a plan.
Suddenly, in front of the shiphand, Whyl cursed and fell to the ground. There was a sharp wail and Jas dropped himself to the earth as well, just in case. What is it? he demanded in a whisper, his breath blowing up dust.
I dont know, Whyl growled, searching the dirt road, it just leapt out at me.
The Scribe? Jas asked foolishly, pushing himself lower into the dirt. His question was met with a derisive meow.
Its a damned cat, Whyl said angrily. Be gone with you!
The cat mewled back indignantly, sitting serenely in the road. Whyl took a few running steps in its direction and it scampered away.
Jas dusted himself off resentfully. Instinctively, he looked around to make sure he hadnt been seen and cursed his overwrought nerves for the mortification of a dusty beard.
Continuing his trek, Jas reached the heavy iron gates moments after the determined Whyl. They stood at the open entry, surveying the fine estate beyond, and heard the rumble of a carriage approaching. Nodding to the horseman as it drove by, Whyl waited for it to pass and then followed it at a brisk pace. Jas stalked behind as well, caught off guard, and was surprised to find himself pulled behind a hedge when the carriage had stopped at the door.
Whyl watched from the bushes as a well-dressed older womanannounced to the doorkeepers as Lady Mirianstepped carefully down from her carriage and was admitted to the estate. In a short time her horses moved off, and the way was clear once more.
We should just go to the door, Jas said in a whisper, and say that we know an evil man is within. Surely theyd want to know this. He heard a rustling from behind him and jumped in shock, but saw in the light of the great house that it was just the same orange cat from the road.
The Scribe is known here, or he wouldnt have been received, said Whyl, shooting down the shiphands plan. We must be more circumspect.
But what can we do? Jas asked helplessly. There are two doormen, youre unarmed, and I have only my short dagger, he whined, taking the small blade from its scabbard as a demonstration. He shook his doubtful head, We shouldve grabbed weapons. I dont know what I was thinking. We set off in such a hurry
Whyl let Jas ramble. Without a word, he grabbed the orange cat by the scruff of its neck. Holding it out before him, the former prisoner marched boldly towards the entrance. Jas could think of nothing else to do but scamper on his heels.
We found the little bastard, said Whyl familiarly to the guards.
Dont bother us with such trifles as your wifes scullery cat, said the doorkeeper dismissively. Be gone.
Jas took a step back towards the hedge obediently, but Whyl stood his ground.
Be gone? he laughed derisively. Do you know who this cat is?
The guards looked uncertainly at one another and then glanced at the loosely gripped cat, which mewed grumpily. Hes a rat chaser, Id hope, said the first guard. And if you dont remove yourself from the property, Ill see to it that youre removed by force.
This cat, Whyl replied, undaunted, is Lady Mirians present to the smallest Delahaye girl.
The guards examined the cat again, finding it just as indisposed to regard them as before.
Ugly little bugger, said the first doorkeeper. Dont reckon shed be wanting it.
Nah, its just dirty, chimed the second.
And why shouldnt it be? Whyl demanded with righteous indignation. The state of the road here was atrocious. We hit a large bump and his cage broke free. Our lady was already running late, so my companion and I were sent to retrieve him. We chased him all through these disagreeable fields. Do the Delahayes take no pride in keeping their fields neat and trim or their roads passable? You should be ashamed!
The doorkeepers, looking uncertainly upon the immaculately manicured grounds, werent sure how to answer. They shrugged and nodded in turn, mumbling sincere apologies.
Whyl accepted these confessions in stride, gesturing again to the cat, which had grown quite bored with his predicament. Whatever the case, dont be fooled by his current state of grooming. This cat shares blood with the royal felines of the House Mallar.
Mallar? asked the guard, recalling his history lessons. You mean the fallen family of Illiamna? Why would the girl want a Usurpers cat?
Nah, nah, not the Usurpers, the usurped, said the second guard, reaching out to scratch the animals head. I think its quite nice. Its, like, a princess cat.
He just said it were a boy, said the first guard with a roll of his eyes.
Nah, all cats is girls, said the second guard, returning to his place.
Youre an idiot, said the first guard, smacking his companion across the head.
Fine, alright! cried the young man. Prince cat, then. Prince cat! And I dont care what you say, I think its real sweet.
As do I, said Whyl. And dont you think the little girl would be upset to lose the chance of receiving such a fine pet?
The cat mewled a soft threat and the second man flinched. I think she might be better off with a different cat, actually, he said, backing up. This one looks mean.
Not mean, merely annoyed to be kept from his new mistress for so long, Whyl explained artfully. Wouldnt you be also, with the prospect of belonging to such a sweet girl?
Aw now, said the doorkeeper, I reckon thats so.
Shes a real sweet little one, said the second, smiling to himself, rosy cheeks and all. I think shed like a kitty.
The guards looked at one another and then, as one, took a step towards the door. They spoke in a huddle.
Jas glanced back and forth between Whyl and the two guards, amazed to find that the ruse was working. He marveled at his companions quick thinking and felt a moment of pride. Maybe the naive boy had drowned, but the man who took his place was a master of resourcefulness and tacthed survived the fire and fury only to emerge stronger than before.
This was no longer a naive boy going out to sea for the first time, but a man who had gone through struggles and learned from them resourcefulness and tact.
From the huddle came short audible snippets of the doorkeepers argument. He aint on the list, said one. Its the Ladys gift, said the other. I dont think we ought to replied the first. What if we send them in the back way? 
The guards turned back to Jas and Whyl, having found a solution.
Alright, fellas, said the first doorkeeper, youre to go in the back way, give the cat a proper bath, put it in with the gifts, and then go to wait in the stables with your carriage.
Jas listened excitedly as the guard gave these instructions, suddenly feeling that their success had been imminent from the beginning. He didnt stop to think how Whyl had come across the name of the estate or relative age of the youngest daughter. He supposed those details had been said at some point, but that he himself had failed to notice.
* * * * *
Rose hardly dared to breathe as the Lord Delahaye flipped through his correspondence and rattled through his desk looking for the letter that was then resting in her hand. He muttered to himself as he looked, talking himself through the last time hed seen the lost page.
In the scant light of the cabinets interior, Rose examined the letter shed accidentally stolen. On either side was the inked design that caught her attentionits angular, asymmetrical shapes still strangely familiar.
Rose could dismiss the symbols familiarity from the earliest portion of her life. The only symbols they used in the fishing villages were ones she knew by heartthose that showed which fish were running and in what quantity, or how to get through a particularly winding canyon to find good grazing on the other side. No, this symbol was one shed seen after the attack on her home, and yetit wasnt a symbol shed seen at sea. Those too she was learning quite well, and wouldve known immediately.
With a sudden gasp that she rushed to muffle, Rose remembered what the symbol was. She held it to the shaft of light that filtered in between the cabinets doors to make sure, and her heart sank as she recognized it. 
It was a mask. It was the inked representation of the mask worn by the man with the wicked laugh and glacial stare.
Rose had seen him in a dreamonly it couldnt have been a dream, for here the mask was in front of her. Thinking back, she pictured him in the endlessly large room and heard the pure hatred behind his jovial words.
A loud banging brought Rose back to the moment. The Lord Delahaye, now wondering at full volume where the letter could have gone, was forcefully lifting and dropping the books that circled his study, opening cabinets as he reached them, and peering within. Rose sat stiffly in panic, unable to think of how she might explain why the Rosenwaller had tip-toed into his study only to hide in his furniture.
She felt a slamming next to her and knew him to be close. The wood around her rattled as he placed his hand on the knob, and she saw a crack of light where the cabinet began to open.
Screwing her eyes shut, Rose waited for the rush of air and the Lords stunned reaction when he saw his Gardener hidden in his study. His shock, however, didnt come.
Instead, there was a knock on the door. My Lord, said a girls voice from outside, your wifes looking for you.
Closing the cabinet the sliver it had been opened, Delahaye paced to the door and let the servant in.
Begging your pardon, sir, she said when she was admitted.
Is there trouble below? Delahaye asked. The servant answered that there wasnt and he replied, I suppose Ive been away too long. Tell the Lady Ill be there presently. Ill find Fenrics letter another time, if I havent imagined it to begin with.
To Roses great relief, she heard the study door click shut once again. She released the tension in her body, noticing the sweat that had broken out across her skin. She tried to wipe the nervous beads from her brow but was impeded by the paper she held.
Though she was desperate to learn what the letter said, she was far too wound-up to recall her reading lessons at a time like this.  She wondered all the same what it meant that the masked man was sending correspondence to the Scribe. Were they enemies? Were they friends? Did one give the other instructions?
Rose stuffed the letter into her pocket, not sure she wanted Fenric to see it at all. She considered her situationthat she was possibly trapped inside a rich mans studyand wondered if the Scribe would take any steps to secure her freedom. Shed completed the task given to her, hadnt she? So, if she was discovered, would he help her?
Rose didnt know, but she doubted it.
With a start, the trapped girl realized that she hadnt completed Fenrics task. Or rather, she recalled that the Scribe had assigned her more than one. She was supposed to dance with the girl in the pink dress.
This second task seemed extraordinarily odd. Rose had never stepped foot in a noblemans house let alone danced in one. Shed heard tell of how complicated dancing could be, however, and the idea that she would be able to simply do it on a lark seemed laughable.
Unless, crept the dark thought, Fenric had spoken of this task with the cryptic vagueness with which he spoke about everything else. The symbol of the masked man flashed before her eyes, and Roses body tense with dread.
What if, she wondered, dancing with the girl actually meant to hurt her? She recalled the sickening clatter of bones as the mask man emptied a charred bag upon the floor. She remembered also the cold chill shed felt when the Scribe handed her a blade. If, as Fenric said, life was a game, did that mean death was a dance?
Woozy with fear, Rose rushed to the study window and swung it open. She took several gasping breaths of the cooling night air, resting her head on the neatly cut stone of the window opening.
Dizzy head steadying, Rose noticed that a latticework of heavy vines had grown onto the outside of the wall, possibly strong enough to climb down. She swung her leg over without a second thought, wanting nothing quite so much as to escape.
* * * * *
The time to run was long passed, if it had ever existed at all. Lucivak regarded the small fire hed managed to start in the fireplace, his ears keen for sounds of movement from within and without. He glanced once more at the injured stranger who laid still on the floor, arms crossed protectively over his belly.
The fire popped viciously, causing the boy to jump in surprise. His heart had barely slowed when there was another alarming sound. A man yelled in the distance and a horse whinnied its displeasure. They were joined by other voices, all of which approached rapidly.
There was a loud banging on the door and Lucivak leapt up, bracing himself against the back wall. The voice at the door yelled, Yov, what say you?
Lucivak looked at the man hed stabbed, fear apparent in his every feature. The man held the boys stare, his own face conflicted. Yov looked torn between options, but there was another yell from outside, rushing his decision. Cursing softly, he looked at the boy with a sympathetic shake of his head. Go ahead, hide, he instructed Lucivak. Ill not tell them youre here. Go!
Trained to obey, Lucivak ran to the cupboard, shutting himself in.
Oy, yelled Yov, raising himself with difficulty and hopping to open the door for his cohorts.
Yov, ye drunkard, said the voice at the door, whatcha you gone and done to yourself?
It were the boy, Junke, answered Yov.
There came the familiar sound of a body sitting on the table bench as Junke lowered himself upon it. So the boys got a bite? he asked. And where did he go?
Lit on out of here, Yov said, his voice shaking. Knocked me out first, though, so I wouldnt know how to follow. Im surprised your lot didnt see him in the town.
No, we didnt, said Junke, an odd tenor in his voice. I suppose he mustve eluded us.
Well now, I suppose so, Yov agreed eagerly.
Lucivak could hear the desperate secret in Yovs voice, but he hoped that Junke wouldnt understand what it meant. There was a prolonged silence, however, during which Lucivaks imagination ran the gamut of fear.
There was a creak when Junke rose from his seat and heavy footfalls as he approached Yov. Then there was a loud thud. Lucivak trembled and Yov screamed in agony.
Where is he you worthless lichen-harvester? demanded Junke. Where did he go?
He left! cried Yov wetly, speaking through newly loosened teeth.
There was another thud and Yov screamed again. Lucivak longed to cover his ears, tears already streaming down his face, but he didnt dare move.
As the shrieking continued there were new noisesthose of furniture being smashed and overturned. There were periodically loud crashes as well, and the sound of splintering wood as it broke to pieces on the floor. Lucivaks hiding place was shaken when the shelf next to it was flipped on its side.
Yovs screaming ended abruptly and was replaced by an urgent, passionate insistence, he went out the back. Please, Junke, he went out the back, I swear.
The room became suddenly silent. 
It may only have been a matter of seconds, but to the sobbing Lucivak, this moment stretched into eternity. It was also, in ways he couldnt understand, the shortest moment of his life. His heartbeat was so loud in the quiet space that he was sure they must have heard it.
Out in the room, Junke heard no such thing. He heard only the anguished pleas of a man who was a terrible liar. With a grin, he gestured to the small cabinet and asked the bleeding Yov, You mean hes definitely not in here?
Without any other warning, Junke raised a gigantic smiths hammer above his head and crashed it down upon the cabinet, shattering it and its contents into pieces.
* * * * *
Tappan brought his hammer down heavily on the metal rivet again and again, slowly forcing it back into place. Such tasks were his favorite, since hed used such motions day after day in his job at the quarry. His body was built for this work.
Moving his attention to the next rivet, he readied the two-handed hammer once more, measuring the distance and choking his hold for the most accurate hit.
What were you and Misses Monkey talking about earlier? asked a voice from the shadows.
Nearly jumping out of his shoes, Tappan lost hold of his hammer. It followed his backward momentum and clattered to the deck behind him. Picking it up, Tappan rested his hand upon it, wondering if this was to be the moment he finished things with the redheaded shiphand.
Hey, Cricket, he said casually. We werent talking about anything.
You think I believe for a second you were comparing your knot knowledge? Cricket demanded. You think Im an idiot? Well go ahead, dont tell me, I got two tools of persuasion right here, he said, kissing his own two fists.
Tappan sighed, fearing the inevitable, Come on, Crick
Cricket paid no mind to the boys plea, but stretched out a tensed arm as though to measure the space between them. He feigned a blow.
We were talking about the prank, Tappan admitted.
That bloody dirt farmer, yeah, said Cricket, speaking about Auk. I had that situation under control, I just didnt want to embarrass him too badly in front of our colleagues. We have more of a personal score to settle, you know. Dont worry, though, Ill settle it one of these days.
Aabout that, stammered Tappan, not sure he should be admitting culpability even as he did it, it wasnt Auk. It was me and Ben.
Cricket smiled at him cockily. Yeah, right, like you sissies could do something like that, he laughed. Why is everyone defending that man-lover?
Im not defending anyone, Cricket, said Tappan, dumbly pushing the matter, its the truth. Me and Benson snuck down while you were sleeping. I knew youd sleep so deeply you wouldnt notice, so I thought it might be a little bit of fun. I didnt think itd blow up like that, though, I really didnt. Youre so tightly wound is all
Calling Cricket tightly wound at that moment was a grave understatement. One of the shiphands eyes was ticking independently of the other, and his fists pumps unconsciously.
We just wanted to have a little fun, Tappan said soothingly, backing away and letting his hammer drop to the deck. We didnt mean no harm by it.
Cricket nodded, dropping his fists and pacing territorially. He stepped past Tappan, breathing in as though to speak, but instead punched the unsuspecting shipboy in the back of the head.
Is that fun? Cricket shouted as Tappan fell to the deck. He rammed his boot into the boys belly. Is this fun? Are we having fun yet? Tappan felt blow after blowsharp pains that ate into his body. He curled in on himself as hed learned to do with his father, fending off the boots that kicked at his face.
Oy, whats going on here? yelled a voice from above. The kicking stopped and Tappan felt a moment of gratitude.
* * * * *
Lucy stood happily at the ballrooms edges, watching the spring and twirl of the countrysides finest persons. As she observed, pleased but excluded, Emibelle joined her.
I think its wonderful that you came to join us in that dress, stated the newcomer, pleasantly out of breath. I dont care what anyone says.
Lucys heart fluttered in embarrassment. Whats anyone saying?
Oh, nothing, you know, Emibelle said, waving her fan vaguely. Just that you must be very brave.
Lucy looked down at her dress miserably, but explained, I couldnt stand to miss the party.
No, nor I, to be sure! Emibelle said in agreement. Only think how I would have missed Master Loreys fine company. Is he not handsome? she asked, leaning in conspiratorially.
Lucy wouldnt admit that she thought so, and fought the red that rose to her cheeks.
Oh, Goosey, you like him! Emibelle said upon seeing this second blush in as many days. Thats so sweet! Im about to dance the next with him, I hope youll let me put in a good word for you.
No! Lucy cried, again master of her own cheeks. Theres no need to trouble yourself.
Please, I live to be helpful, Emibelle said airily, her voice full of a joke that Lucy couldnt quite understand. If you feel something for him, dont you think he ought to know? Without a backwards glance, Emibelle moved off towards her dance companion.
No! Emibelle! Lucy pleaded in a loud whisper. She grasped at her foster sister, but was pushed back by the crowd. She made a final rush forward and captured Emibelles sleeve. Come back!
Let go, Goose, Emibelle called happily, smiling at the hand that held her, the reel is starting. You wouldnt want me to be late, would you?
Lucy let go. On the dance floor the radiant Emibelle took her place beside the young Master Lorey, and they began to move the steps. She watched fearfully, examining every expression of the two dancers as they turned across the room. After the two had passed several minutes in the dance without any event, Lucy began to feel she might let her guard down.
A movement caught her eye, however, and she looked back in time to see Emibelle pointing at her, then laughing into her hand. Dunstan turned round to follow the young womans finger and frowned at Lucy from across the room. He exclaimed something that she couldnt hear and his head fell back in laughter.
Lucys heart might have fallen through the floor. She heard nothingsaw nothingexcept for Emibelle and Dunstan sharing a hearty, cynical laugh at her expense. Emibelles teasing she could handle, but handsome young Loreys cut her to the core. 
He scorned her, Lucy realized. He laughed at her for being a child. Embarrassment becoming too much to endure, Lucys imagination began to play tricks. She was sure that the heads of her two tormentors were rapidly growing in size, floating above the crowd as they roared heartily at her pain. Everywhere she turned she saw fingers pointing, and she knew they must all be mocking her.
Unable to breathe, Lucy rushed from the room.
* * * * *
What think you of the color pink, Master Lorey? Emibelle had said when she regained the young mans hand on the dance floor.
Lorey made a small shrug. As I think of any color, I suppose, he said, finding himself lacking in this topic, as with so many others that his dance partner preferred.
What think you of ruffles, then? Emibelle continued. My dress, you see, has no ruffles.
He looked down at her embroidered blue dress, which he could only assume was what she desired. Thats a true thing, he said blandly. It hasnt.
But ought it to? Emibelle pressed. Is that a criticism you have?
I think little of dresses, to be honest, Dunstan explained, exasperated. So long as theyre filled with girls of good company, I think I should like them all.
Surely not! Emibelle cried, putting an embarrassed hand to her face. How silly you are. I declare that the right dress can make even the best company that much better. As for bad company, I should think that a fine dress would almost make them tolerable. Though theyre a heart-sore, they should at least no longer be an eye-sore!
I suppose thats one way of seeing things, said Dunstan with a polite smile.
But not yours? Emibelle asked with a pout. Do tell me more, Master Lorey, for I wish you and I to always be in agreement.
At this Dunstan smiled uncomfortably and grew silent, finding himself quite out of his depth with this persistent girl.
I was referring, anyway, Emibelle said suddenly after a few moments of awkward silence, to a very specific shade of pink. It is one that only the other day came flying towards your head, ruffles ruffling, as they do. With a gesture to the side of the room, she added, You may see it there, to its full effect.
Dunstan turned to see the girl from the high-heather watching them attentively. She wore a look as intense as if she were indeed planning to wake the bull that rested below her homeland. He recalled in that moment her insistence, if they were to play, that she wouldnt be a fairy but a King. He found himself chortling. Then, unable to help it, he threw his head back in laughter.
Now, Im sure, you do have an opinion of the color pink, laughed Emibelle, thinking herself the source of his amusement.
On the contrary, Lorey corrected, catching his breath, Im entertained by her seriousness. I believe Ive done wrong in ignoring a dance with a resident of the estate. I understand that shes a ward of your father?
Yes, said Emibelle, her own amusement faltering, but Id be careful to show her too much attention. I shouldnt be saying this, but she cant claim impartiality when it comes to you, though shes far too young to harbor such thoughts. Why, only five minutes hence she was blushing like an apple at the mention of your name.
Sheshe likes me? Dunstan asked with an odd little laugh, a light-headed sense of pleasure filling his mind. He lifted his head to glance at the girl in pink, but she had disappeared.
And isnt it silly? Emibelle continued. I think its precious, really, our sweet little Goose. Shes such a baby! With a deep sigh and a renewed brightness in her eyes, the middle Delahaye continued, But truly, I think weve quite exhausted our discussion of the color pink. What say you of a new topic?
Well and welcome, said he, taking charge for the first time that evening. I have just the one. What think you of fairies?
Emibelle, fan a-flutter, frowned deeply.
* * * * *
Jas fought the look of disapproval that crept over his face the longer Whyls charade continued.
He and the Turnagains prisoner had rounded to the back of the estate where theyd repeated the names and instructions of the doorkeepers to the backhouse staff. Then, theyd been shown to a washing room. When the door closed behind them, however, Whyl immediately dropped the cat unceremoniously. It was skittering away before it hit the floor, a streak of orange. Jas stared after it, a frown creasing his face, I thought wed brought it in here to wash.
Whyl shot his companion an incredulous look, asking, Are we also servants of Lady Mirian?
Jas blinked, finding in this question the line between the lie and reality. Nay, of course not, he said lamely, shaking the fiction from his head. Its just, now that the cats hereit might be a nice thing to make happen.
I said that so we could get in, said Whyl brusquely. He looked about the room and began to search through the washing. And now its time for the next task. We need to find nicer clothes.
Jas picked up a pile of neatly folded garments lining the washroom and rifled through them without looking. He examined Whyl instead, as he asked, How did you know it was the girls birthday? Or that there was a girl at all?
Lady Mirian said those things, Whyl said hastily, not meeting his eye. Didnt you hear?
Jas had not. He caught the doublet and cloak that were tossed to him and began changing. So what do we do now? he asked, getting his mind back in the task.
Just follow my lead, Whyl answered confidently. Walking ahead, shoulders high, he led their way through the servant hallways and into the party.
But dont you think we ought to have a plan? Jas asked. It seemed to him that not even surviving hell aboard a cursed ship could prepare a man to infiltrate a rich familys ball.
I know what Im doing, Whyl replied so softly that the words seemed dangerous.
Jas backed off and watched as, speeding his step, Whyl jostled up to a partygoer and shot out his leg, causing the man to stumble.
My apologies, dear sir, said Whyl with a gentrified air. Ive told my wife I cant navigate such long hemlines, but she swears to me that its the style.
The man, balding and red-faced, nodded sympathetically. Ive considered telling my wife the same thing, he told Whyl. I find I must alter my step entirely in order to simply walk with some semblance of grace. Consider yourself forgiven. Im Monsieur Barricort, Barrister of North Ombrin.
Im Sir Doublin of Pru, said Whyl without hesitation. He gestured to Jas, who had only come close enough to hear, And this is my manservant Hemley. Were greatly enjoying ourselves in your beautiful country. It puts our own homeland to shame.
I cant speak of Pru from experience, said Monsieur Barricort presumptuously, but Ive always felt ChaveneighDunsmere in particularto be as close to paradise as can be found in the living world.
A biased assessment, Whyl said, laughing heartily, but Ill let you have it! The beauty of the landscapes, I declare, is second only to the beauty of the women.
My wife would be much obliged to you sir, the Barrister roared. And Im once again inclined to agree.
Jas watched as Whyl patiently laughed with the besotted man, hardly understanding his companions stunning ability to invent entire lives with such ease. For his part, the only thinkable course of action was to scream for all the house to hear that there was trouble afoot. Whyl, however, was debonair.
So tell me true, said Whyl after their mutual laughter had abated. Is this really a ball to celebrate the birthdays of four different people? If so, you must grow your beauties uncommonly close together. I mean no criticism, of course! If we made such lovely women in Pru, I think we should do likewise.
No offense taken, dear man, guffawed the Barrister. Its true indeed, the Delahayes have the singular distinction of having a mother and three children all born in the same month. Guiding Whyl and Jas to the door of the great ballroom, Monsieur Barricort pointed out a woman in a sweeping, blue gown. There, you see, is the Ladyhe shifted his directiontheir middle child is dancing with that Scadian boy there, and, lets see, ah there they are, the eldest and youngest keeping each other entertained. Shifting back from the door, the Barrister continued, Theyre a fair group, to be sure. Youd know them anywhere by their fine auburn hair.
There was another child I saw as I came in, Whyl said. He made a show of searching for words as though they were on the tip of his tongue. Id assumed she was one of the daughters, you see, and worried that Id come with the wrong number of gifts.
Ah, the Ward, explained the Barrister. I dont see her at the moment, but Im sure shes around here somewhere. I believe I saw a streak of pink shoot through the ballroom at some point. He looked again into the ballroom and Jass gaze turned to Whyl, hardly able to believe what he was hearing. Monsieur Barricort turned back and said, But Sir Doublin, whats kept your wife from attending?
Jas had completely forgotten that Whyl was supposed to have a wife in this scenario, but Whyl answered smoothly. She was ill, alas. Though she found great pleasure in dressing me from her sickbed. Taking a step back, he displayed his outfit for the man. What do you think, am I fit to meet a Lord?
Quite smashing, said the old Barrister with gentle applause. Though Im not sure you should trust my opinion. My wife dances now with her brotherhes of a livelier step than I these daysand she is the real expert.
Well, perhaps some wine will help ease my mind until shes free to give me an appraisal, said Whyl, looking towards the ballroom. I think Ill go get some. Would you like a glass as well?
If youre going that way Monsieur Barricort said in affirmation. He motioned to a sitting room across the hall, I think Ill relieve my tired feet for a time. Come seek me out when you have a chance. Youre excellent company.
I shall, said Whyl with a bow as the Barrister moved away.
Walking into the ballroom, Whyl turned away from the carefully laid tower of wine glasses. Jas followed him for a moment before asking, Arent we supposed to get the old man a drink?
Whyl shot him a look of utter disdain, which Jas found to be more out of character than anything else the strange person had done that evening. Youre very new at this, arent you?
And youre very old at it, Jas observed, his face falling into a deeper frown as the evening drew on. Forgive me if I sound doubtful, but where is this all coming from? You were but an innocent young man when you took a job with the IlliamnautI mean, you havent a wife nor are you from Pru.
Whyl grinned at the shiphand as though he was a simpleton. Dont worry yourself about it. Just follow my lead.
Jas followed, as instructed, though he asked under his breath, Have you even been to Pru? 
He didnt need an answer to know that Whyl hadnt.
*

Chapter 12:
The Assassin
* * * * *
The Ziggerjon
Spirits of the Known World
By Xin Wee
*
Just as Chaveneigh has its fairies, Eischland its trolls, and Scadia its silver monkeys, so too has Illiamna claimed their own mischievous supernatural spirit in the Ziggerjon.
No man may see a Ziggerjon, as it has no form. Theyre uniquely invisible spirits who exist for the sole purpose of playing tricks, ranging from cruel to mundane, upon their chosen targets. The object of a Ziggerjons obsession may be any Illian who happens to catch their interest. This Illian will then suffer what some in other countries might think of as chronic bad luck. This is why the Illiac term for clumsy is ziggered.
The tricks of the Ziggerjon are said to vary in severity, sometimes the loss of items in plain sight (such as misplaced housekeys), but sometimes a slight misstep that causes one to move in the way of harm. The home of a Ziggerjon might play host to many strange noises as he randomly elects to knock over items and leave open doors. The mischievous spirit wont cause constant troubleunless they happen to be particularly ruthless, that isbut will certainly begin their games when lulled into boredom.
Its unknown how a Ziggerjon comes to be attached to any being in particular, but its believed that theyre transferred from person to person in the course of everyday interactions. Some will remain attached to their targets for many years while others go through Illians quickly, always on the move.
As with many myths, the amount to which people believe in the Ziggerjon tends to closely follow the amount to which the populace is educated. Peasants felt a strong urge to find peace with their mischievous spirits, and often built small beds for them in dark corners, occasionally throwing wild celebrations so that the spirits wouldnt grow bored. Those in nobility, however, were usually taught of these spirits by their superstitious nurses and then never heard about them again, later dismissing the Ziggerjon as an invention of lower-class minds.
Some provinces took the superstition further, claiming that a Ziggerjon could choose to possess the body of a person or creature with which they come into contact. Theres no end of tales in which cats, goats, or small children wreak havoc upon a household as a result of a mischievous spirits control. These instances too claim the description of ziggered.
* * * * *

Captain Kaille sauntered uncomfortably into the Delahayes sky-blue ballroom, trying to control his shipboard swagger, but only succeeding in making it more pronounced.
Taking in the decoration of light blue and purple flowers, he turned to examine the dancing men and women, who wore gentle blues, greens, and creams. It looked almost as though theyd consciously coordinated, though how so many dozens of people could make so concerted an effort to match escaped Kailles ability to comprehend.
Swagger becoming worse as a result of trying to control it, he sashayed across the room. He dipped his hat to one of the ladies who met his eye, and was confused when she turned from him with a disapproving huff. Though hed put on his finest clothes, Kaille supposed he was still a threadbare sight in comparison to the beautifully crafted finery within the pastel wash of the room.
Head down, the Captain made his way to the refreshment table, brushing his glance over the richly decorated little dainties and confections. He grabbed onea sprig of tiny leaves and a sugar shell from the look of itand tossed the entire thing into his mouth. The shell crunched against his teeth with an alarming noise and he called out his displeasure.
Ugh, cursed thing! the Captain cried as he spat it out. Two scandalized women whispered to one another behind their fans.
I thought maybe the shell was part of the dish, he explained with a lame wave. The women moved off, tittering as they went. Kaille touched a finger to his teeth, making sure they were all still intact. Why present it as food if you cant eat it?
Hungry but wary, the Captain carefully grabbed a few other small snacks and moved for the edge of the room. Hed chosen the offerings that looked most like recognizable food, but still thought it might be best to make his attempt at eating them without an audience. Noticing a quiet hallway off of the ballroom, he turned into it.
The relative hush of the darkened corridor was welcome. Aye, he thought, a quiet hallway is just the thing.
Sniffing at what looked like an egg in a nest, Kaille sized up his dinner. He was pulled from this unhappy consideration by a motion above. On the top of a narrow shelf sat an orange cat with yellow eyes, which were trained in expert scrutiny upon the Captains would-be dinner. I dont think its really an egg, said the Captain to the cat, sniffing at it again. We dont get a lot of eggs at sea, but I know they shouldnt smell like this.
The cat said nothing, as was the providence of a cat, but kept a careful eye on the prospective food.
I suppose I cant complain, said the Captain ruefully to his feline audience. I shouldve eaten ahead of time. Holding up the food like a glass of wine, he tilted it towards the cat and toasted, to your health, unlucky partygoer.
Kaille pushed the morsel into his mouth and chewed loudly. The flavor was unexpectedly strange and well beyond what he found palatable. His gag reflex initiated and he spit out the pulpy mess into his hand. Looking around for a method of disposal and seeing none, he opened one of the small drawers that made up the cats perch, and scraped his hand into it.
You dont think anyone will find that, do you? he asked the cat, looking at the closed drawer guiltily. The feline blinked at him with aloof indifference. You wont tell? Well, its not my fault theyre serving seashells and twigs. Thats not food.
The cat mewed insistently in response. Finally, there was something they could agree on. Kaille held out the other snack hed taken, this one an unidentified roll, and presented it for the feline to sniff. After a few moments of consideration, the cat turned away, not recognizing this offered item as sustenance either.
Come now, if I have to suffer through this torture, then you must also, said the Captain, thrusting the treat back in the cats face. Have a try.
The mouser turned its head in strong opposition.
Kaille frowned at the roll, shoving the ration into his mouth and tearing off a bite. He almost immediately regretted this. Grabbing a vase from a nearby table, he spit the unpalatable roll into it.
Why would anyone spend their time making that? Kaille cried, trying to identify the ingredients so as to avoid eating them, even separately, ever again. And who would risk their innards ingesting it? I should have followed your lead! Never mistrust a cats nose!
The feline jumped to the floor with a recalcitrant meow and took off down the hall.
Hey, where are you going? Kaille asked. He could hear the party of laughing women in the opposite direction. Not wanting to return to the ball quite yet, he set off after the cat with a hasty, Hey, wait!
* * * * *
Just ye stop there! yelled Auk as he pulled Cricket from Tappan by the scruff of his neck. Reaching down to the swollen and bloody shipboy, he hefted the boy up and pushed him out of the way. Tappan looked at them both with blood-shot eyes and then, gaining control of his senses, hobbled away, leaving the Second alone with the newest shiphand.
I said, whats going on here? Auk repeated with a growl.
That filthy Baxler was the one who stole my pants, said Cricket bitingly. He said so himself. I was only giving him what he deserved.
Thinking someone deserves that, Auk said, motioning after Tappan, is what makes ye a boy instead of a man.
Crickets face fell in anger for a moment, but then a wicked grin lit it again. Youd know about men, wouldnt you? he asked. I bet youre the woman.
Auk swallowed in distress, eager as hed been for this moment to arrive. Look, I dont know what ye think ye know about such things, he said circuitously, but Im telling ye that yere wrong.
Im wrong? Cricket screeched. He reached for the hammer that Tappan had dropped and raised it in an uncontrolled, two-handed grip. You think I didnt know when my Mamas man came into my room at night? You dont think I know about how he touched me? You dont think I know about the pain? You think Im wrong about that? Lifting the hammer higher, Cricket yelled, Go ahead, monster, tell me Im wrong!
Auk, hardly able to believe the boys furious words, held his hands up in a sign of peace. It pained him to hear what Cricket had been throughthe evil of it all. Nay, boy, he said softly, nay, I dont think yere wrong about that
Go ahead, you sick creep, taunted Cricket, gripping the hammer tightly, tell me how Im wrong! And while youre at it, explain to me why I shouldnt tell the Captain on you.
Auk held out his hands. Now, listen to me, right? he began slowly, no words eloquent enough to lessen the boys pain, Im not gonna lie to you. I dolove men. But hear me, aye? I love men, not boys. Aye? Thats the difference, dont ye see? What was done to ye, that was wrong because ye werent old enough to say aye or nay. What I do, we always have the power to say aye or nay. We both want it.
Why would anyone want that! Cricket screamed. It wasnt a question. With a force drawn from fear, he slammed the hammer onto the deck, causing the Eye of Misero to splinter. I bet Tappan was lying, he shouted. I bet it was you that came below decks while I was sleeping. I bet you couldnt wait to put your hands all over me!
Nay, Auk said gently, shaking his head. Thats not how it works
I wont let you stay here, Cricket said, the tears pouring down his face. I wont let a filth-eater like you get away with embarrassing me like that. I won't let you touch anyone else again!
Cricket raised the great hammer again, gasping for air.
* * * * *
Jas yelled out in pain as a loose pin stabbed into his side. The garment must have been in need of mending. He felt more uncomfortable in his stolen clothes with every passing lie his companion told. I think we ought to tell someone who we are, he said once again, tugging at the expensive fabric and its unseen pins. We should keep it simple. Finding the girl as soon as possible
Whyl didnt need to say anything to cut off Jass words. Walking away abruptly, he demonstrated that he hadnt even been listening. 
Sidling after Whyl through the crowd, Jas saw his companion lunge at a middle-aged woman and take her hand. My Lady Margery, allow me to he began.
Im not Margery, the woman said, drawing her hand away. Youve mistaken me.
II apologize, sweet lady, Whyl said, looking around, his expression confused. I was told Lady Margery was the most beautiful woman in the room, so you must understand my confusion
Jas examined the woman carefully. She was nearing middle age, her face heavily painted to disguise early wrinkles. He couldnt imagine what Whyl was playing at, flattering her so.
The lady was of a different mind, however, and flushed beneath her heliotrope. Kind sir, you honor me, she tittered, offering the hand she had pulled away. Im Mademoiselle Lirot.
And Im Donovan Black, Whyl said with a sweeping bow, but I assure you, the honor is all mine.
Was it to greet Lady Margery that brought you over here, she asked sadly, or may I claim more of your time?
The claim is all yours, Whyl said with a silly grin. I was but moving this way to find my Lord Delahayes children and ward. I was told the Lady Margery might know where theyve got to. I have small trinkets for them, you see, he explained, returning to her hand with a kiss. But the trinkets may wait. What is a childs birthday to the smile of a beautiful woman?
Jas cringed as Mademoiselle Lirot fanned herself. He found it impossible to believe that Whyl had become suddenly enamored of the painted spinster. He was beginning to feel, rather, that something very suspicious was playing out before his eyes. It was for the safety of the heir, he reminded himself for the fiftieth time as he watched the simpering display. The heir was more important than a mans pride.
I wouldnt dare keep you from giving presents to the children for my sake! cried Mademoiselle Lirot. I couldnt be a part of such cruelty!
But were at a loss then, said Whyl, his eyes without guile, for Im not willing to leave your side.
Surely it wouldnt take you long to give out a few small presents? asked Mademoiselle Lirot, her lip sagging in a pout.
No indeed, said Whyl quickly. Ive given out all but one already. Im having difficulty finding the last, however. It didnt seem right to leave out the Ward, birthday or no.
Of course you shouldnt leave out Lucy! cried Mademoiselle Lirot, her fan moving rapidly. Shes such a funny little Goose. I saw her running away last, over into the east wing.
Whyl followed her motion, spying the grand passage to the estate beyond. Then she could be anywhere, he said, looking dejected. Its as I saythe trinkets will have to wait. Tell me, sweet miss, are you engaged for the next dance?
With a coy smile, Mademoiselle Lirot took his arm. I am now, she said. But you must finish your task first. I wont be the cause of a joy deferred. Go now and youll be back in time for the next reel.
Whyl bowed to her deeply. You are as sweet as you are beautiful. I shall not fail, Mademoiselle Lirot, he said, kissing her hand once more. I shall never fail you.
The Lady chortled with her friends as Whyl turned towards the east wing. Jas followed, his sense of unease growing. Let me guess, he muttered through gritted teeth, youre not returning to dance with her.
Jas sighed. Besides learning the name and location of the Ward, that encounter in particular had seemed a great heartbreak.
* * * * *
Captain Kaille continued to spit offending flavors from his mouth as he followed the cat down the hall, having decided that it might be best to hang onto the despoiled vase for the time being.
The cat, which had stopped at the edge of a turn in the corridor, looked back at him expectantly, his orange tail giving a peremptory flick. Silently, it leapt around the corner.
Now, hang on just a minute, Kaille said in partial jest, starting forward. Youve seen far too much, we really must get our stories straight.
Kaille turned down the hallway, however, and the cat had disappeared. Sighing, already tired by an evening in a strange place, the Captain lowered himself into a spindly chair between two pedestals. He tucked his borrowed vase under his arm, spitting into it occasionally.
Kaille regretted not bringing Jas. It was his old school companion who had always been his trusted advisor in the realm of proper society. Kaille never had the stomach for such company. Hed nothing in common with the people, and preferred his own life far too wellnot that Jas was such a proper gentleman by the standards of most, but he could well outplay the crude Kaille and cruder Ben
The Captain was about to chide himself for considering his old friend, when the cat beat him to it. From above fell the porcelain statue of a small bird. By some miracle it didnt break when it impacted upon his head. It bounced from one hand to the other as Kaille tried to slow its downward momentum. When he finally laid a sturdy hand on the trinket, he saw the beginnings of a crack in the blue glaze.
Kaille heard purring and looked up to see the cat settling itself atop the tall pedestal, now vacated.
Oy, he said harshly to it, reaching up a punishing hand, Im trying to sulk down here. Do you mind?
The cat took off, jumping to the next pedestal and knocking its porcelain figurine down as well. Kaille shot out his arms to catch the new projectile, letting the other fall to the floor instead, where is shattered. He stared down at it guiltily and then looked after the cat.
If anyone asks, that was your fault, Kaille said, putting the unbroken bird back in place. Youre utterly ziggered.
Leaving his adopted vase in the chair, he moved after the cat, which jumped from shelf to chair to shelf, little caring what small knickknack he sent hurtling to the ground. Kaille rushed after, trying and failing to put the hallway back to rights.
* * * * *
The hallways of the east wing were both ornate and empty. Without realizingor perhaps by the example of Whyl, who led the wayJas found himself tiptoeing through the sparsely-lit corridors, eyes pealed for a girl in a pink dress.
Who were your friends that invited you aboard the Illiamnaut? Jas asked, wondering if they at least were from Pru, had wives, or chased after older women. Whyl made no sign of answering, so Jas repeated the question.
School friends, Whyl said vaguely. You know.
Jas didnt know. He stopped in his tracks, a demand for the truth on his lips.
Whyl must have felt his lack of resolve, for he turned and suggested that Jas go wait in the stables. Jas heard nothing, however, because hed noticed a spot of pink at the end of the corridor. 
Is that he began. His words were cut short when Whyl clasped a hurried hand over the shiphands mouth.
Shh, Whyl warned, turning his back to corridor and girl. He steered Jas until they were retreating down the hall, his words urgent. Fenric may be by. Go back to the stables now.
But I should Jas argued.
She doesnt know you, Whyl explained. Youll scare her. Go to the stables.
For no better reason then that he was used to taking orders, Jas nodded and proceeded to retrace his steps through the fine estate. He was on the verge of entering the ballroom when the uneasy feeling in his stomach returned. Something didnt feel right.
While it might make sense that Whyl would want to face the murderous Scribe alone, it seemed wrong that such a prideful encounter could end up endangering the child in pink. If he was so worried about the girls safety, then why send away a perfectly capable fighter? There was no reason that Jass activity in battle should be any more frightening to her than that of another stranger.
With a deep breath, Jas turned again and headed back down the corridor. Afraid that Whyls reticence may have had something to do with the Scribes murderous plot, he reached for his dagger.
It was gone.
Jas didnt need to look far to find the missing weapon. Rounding the corner, he saw his dagger in the hand of Whyl Winesmith. It sparkled in the candlelight as he raised it above the form of a sobbing girl, readying it to strike.
* * * * *
Kaille figured out after several attempts that lunging at the escaping cat wouldnt only fail to capture the feline, but would also cause him quite the headache. He was already forming a plan to stalk it like prey, and was to be seen tiptoeing carefully along the corridor.
The cat rested at a corner, staring at something beyond the bend, its tail twitching thoughtfully. Prancing the last few steps, Kaille laid hands on the errant feline, placing two hands behind the cats front legs and lifting it so that it faced away from him, hind legs dangling.
His last steps had brought him into a new corridor in which he saw, past the orange fur of the cats ears, a girl in pink curled and sobbing on a couch. 
Past her crying form, Fenric was approaching. Kailles heart dropped to his stomach upon seeing what the Scribe held.
It was a raised pistol.
Hands still clutching the cat before him, the Captains insides tied themselves into terrified knots. Hed been wrong about the Scribe! Hed been wrong, and now the girl was going to die! High-stepping down the hall, feline an arms length in front of him, Kaille ran to the weeping girl. 
As he approached, the mouth of another corridor came into view. In it stood Whyl Winesmith, a dagger at the ready. The Captain came to an abrupt stop.
There was a gasp, a sharp intake of breath, a surprised huh, and a discontented yowl.
At this strange collection of noises, the girl in pink looked up. Kaille wondered for a moment what she thought to see them holding in turn a pistol, a dagger, and an ornery orange cat. Perhaps unsurprisingly, all eyes were on the latter.
Its as I told you, Captain, said Whyl, the Scribe isnt who he says he is.
Its as I told you, Captain, Fenric deferred, Whyl isnt who he says he is.
Kaille pulled the feline to his chest and whispered, And you cat, are you lying to me as well? It yawned and he nodded, satisfied, looking back at the two men. And who are you both, really?
Hes a spy, Whyl said immediately. A traitor to the crown.
No, hes a spy and a traitor, Fenric disagreed. He weaves a web so thick that it blocks out the sky.
How can he say this, Whyl demanded. He, who uses the name of a dead man?
I should ask the same, Whyl! Fenric yelled. Who sent you?
Maybe you did, Fenric, Whyl hissed. Maybe it was you or one of your copies.
Captain, pleaded the Scribe, his pistol shaking, I knew Whyl Winesmith, and I know Im looking at the man who killed him.
Why are we uttering this nonsense to him, anyhow? Whyl asked, seeming to realize for the first time that Kaille was technically unarmed. He doesnt even have a weapon.
Still holding the orange feline, the Captain realized that hed finally reached the long-delayed moment of truth. Which man who stood before him was the liarthe one with blade or the one with gun? He quickly ran back and forth over what he knew about both menover the boy Bensons thoughtful testimony and the conspiracy theorist Jass shouts of warning. One of his shiphands was right. One of these men had evil intentions. Kaille, the kind of person who tended to make rapid decisions based on details he could hardly remember noticing, was entirely out of his depth. There was nothing
Well, there was one thing, if he was honest
He felt hurt at being dismissed from the encounter by Whyl. 
Just like that, the decision was made. Kaille deployed his weapon.
A hissing cat flew across the hall and landed, livid, upon the chosen targets sandy head. The ensuing struggle was brief, punctuated by the yelping and yowling of two dismayed creatures. As suddenly as it had begun, however, it was over. The cat departeddisappearing down the hall in a streak of orange. Whyl roared in fury as deep scratches bled down either side of his face.
With the same motion he used to throw off the feline, Whyl lunged forward and took hold of the sobbing girl. He lifted her from the couch, holding her possessively to his chest, dagger to her throat.
You never did believe me, did you Captain? asked Whyl, his voice now hard-edged and unfamiliar. What was it you said to that oaf Jas? That I didnt carry my name?
How did you know that? Kaille asked, his frown deepening.
Come on! Whyl spat, throwing his head back in amusement. This is what I dothis is what Im famous for. Give me an hour, and I can have even the most cynical of men eating out of my hand. Whyl relaxed his grip on the girls arm and reached into his pocket. He lifted from it a bound leather book. For the price of some invented journal entries I had your sailor falling over himself to unchain me, he said, waving a notebook in the air and displaying his free wrist, red from his time in shackles, but now at liberty. He tossed the journal to the floor where it slid beneath the small couch, and added with a scoff, A standard gullible foolthe type upon whom I built my career. And so I must know, Captain. Howd you know it was me?
I didnt, Kaille said with a modest shrug, taking a page from Fenrics book and only sharing the facts he wanted known. I guess I do now.
Whyl grinned at him crookedly, shifted his grip to the girls collar, and pointed his dagger at Kaille respectfully. A low, hollow laugh rumbled from his throat. That was good. Youre good, he said, his knuckles growing white upon the girls neck. I dont say that a lot.
Let the girl go, said Fenric.
At this interruption, Whyls dagger shot back to the girls throat. You know what, you gray-haired spider? he shouted, instantly impassioned. You let her go. Let go of your grand illusions and your failed schemes. And while youre at it, let go of the Heirs. Let go of your epic, mistaken idea that you can somehow stop whats already happened. The course of history is ours to change, and outdated institutions like yours need to give way.
Uncle! cried the girl when she was jerked painfully during the course of this speech.
Hes not your uncle, little girl, Whyl whispered cruelly into her ear. Hes not even who he says he is. Looking back at the Scribe, he hissed, Are you, Iggy?
Fenric watched the dagger with utter devastation in his eyes as it trembled upon the hollow of the girls exposed throat. His arms reached forward in a desperate plea.
Now look, barked Whyl with business-like acumen, inching backwards down the hall with his hostage, this is how its going to work. Little Pinky and I are going to
He never had the chance to explain what they were to do, however. In that instant a large flowered vase fell heavily down upon his head. Whyl dropped to the ground, rendered unconscious amid shards of delicate ceramic. The girl was left shivering where she stood and the dagger went clattered across the floor.
Stepping into the newly vacated space came Jas Hawkesbury, his expression ferocious. Standard gullible fool, am I? he asked, spitting upon the motionless Whyl. Fooled you.
* * * * *
Dont be a fool, boy. Put down the hammer, said Auk, feigning calm. This can be between us.
Stop calling me boy! Cricket shrieked, choking up on his weapon. And I happen to like it better this way.
Ye could hurt someone Auk pointed out.
Aye, you! yelled Cricket, clearly pleased with this thought. So come on, lets do this!
I dont want to fight ye, boyI mean, Cricket, said Auk. Yeve had a tough life, but fighting wont make it any easier. Thatll just make it worse.
I dont know, if I killed you it might make things easier, Cricket said. Throw you overboard, make it look like an accident. Who knows, maybe Ill even get another promotion.
The boy lifted the hammer with difficulty and sent it flying at Auk. The Second shifted, avoiding the blow, and the hammer continued its swing to the deck. With effort, Cricket hefted it again.
The two paced in circles, with Cricket feigning attacks and Auk continually giving way. As they paced, the Seconds foot caught on a loose rivet and he stumbled against the ships rail. Cricket took this moment to swing his hammer again, and Auk ducked. The heavy hammer swung over the rail, hitting the outer hull of the ship and ricocheting back towards the sea. With the momentum, the tool was pulled overboard and the red-haired boy was flung along with it.
Cricket found himself bending over the rail, his arms pin wheeling to find balance. He knew he was fallingsaw the heartless twinkle of the sea belowand let out a strangled cry.
A hand grabbed the boys leather jerkin, stopping Crickets forward motion but leaving him hanging over the water. He wrenched his head backward, only to see that it was Auk whod stopped his fall.
You think your secret would die with me? Cricket yelled back. His body shook in violent fear. Well the Monkey knows too! You think you can kill both of us without someone catching onto you, monster?
Auk roared in frustration, tugging the boys shirt with all his might. Cricket was lifted clear of the rail and dropped to the deck. He collapsed into a heap, gasping.
I wasnt going to let you Auk began.
His words were cut off by Crickets laughter. You see? he cried from where hed fallen. Do you see? Do you see? I own you!
Auk clenched his fists and cracked his neck, then let his hands fall limp to his side. He turned without a word and left the red-haired boy yelling after him.
I own you, filthy animal, Cricket screeched into the night. Youre mine!
* * * * *
Fenric lowered his pistol as the girl in the pink dress rushed into his arms. Whats happening? she asked, her frightened eyes on the limp body of Whyl Winesmith.
After a consoling hug, he turned her around, pointing out the two sailors who stood uncomfortably in the corridor. Lucy, he said, Id like you to meet the courageous Master Hawkesbury and the esteemed Captain Kaille. It seems as though we both owe them our lives.
My Lady, said Jas with a shocked, but courteous bow.
Miss, said Kaille with a nod.
But uncle, Lucy said after a perfunctory curtsy to each, please, whats happening?
Is there an empty sitting room to which we might move this discussion, my dear? asked Fenric, trying to console her without sharing too much information. I must attend to a few quick things, but then Ill come find you.
Lucy nodded reluctantly. She explained where they could meet and set off to prepare. 
In the meantime, Kaille and Jas had already begun stuffing the unconscious Whyl into a large decorative trunk further down the hallway.
What do you think his name is, really? asked Jas, pushing in a booted foot at what he hoped was an uncomfortable angle.
Itd probably be safer if we didnt know, said the Captain, ready to be rid of their erstwhile prisoner. He pushed the mans head down, noticing with regret that the cats deep scratches had already stopped bleeding.
Task complete, the sailors stood. Fenric joined them, and the three towered over the trunk, staring at the contorted liar in their midst. 
You might want to finish him off now, said Kaille, not quite believing that he could say such a thing.
Fenric stared ahead thoughtfully, raising his pistol again and aiming it at Whyls head. His hand tensed.
Fenric considered pulling the trigger, seeing so easily in his minds eye the moment during which hed nearly lost the childhis reason for living. The man was an assassin and a spy. He didnt deserve to livein fact, his existence would make the Scribes infinitely harder. Yet, was that a reason to kill? Whyl, as he called himself, was the employee of an enemy, not necessarily an enemy himself. It was possible he could be won from his dark path, or at least be made useful. Did Fenric not owe it to this man to give him a second chance?
Without a shot fired, the pistol was lowered. Im not the type who usually believes in the purity of black and white, said Fenric, looking sideways at the Captain. I dont pretend to be unsullied in my dealings. But I know this: Im not a murderer.
Kaille nodded, understanding the Scribes meaning. Raising a boot to the trunk lid, he let it slam shut.
*

Chapter 13:
The Task
* * * * *

So Youve Decided To Go To Scadia!
The Land of Silk and Spices:
A Travel Guide to the Scadias
Introduction
By Lirey Litwin
*
Scadia has endless wonders to offer the determined tourist, and I just cant wait to show you how! In these pages youll learn all about how to travel like a local, and in no time youll be navigating the bustling marketplaces with ease, discovering the unmarked treasures of the tea district, and traveling by elephant to the majestic waterfalls! As your nose grows accustomed to the spices in the air and your skin becomes used to being pampered in layers of silk, youll begin to wonder why youd ever want to leave such a paradise!
But enough of that! What you need first is a brief history of the area. Scadia is considered the Gateway to the Mist. Besides sounding very poetic (wink!), this was the way the first Illians who landed there thought to describe the large expanse of fog-covered hills leading to the foreign continent beyond. The bays and rivers of Scadia are the final access of the sea to the many countries beyondlands such as Pogra, Donma, Saburo, Wapar, and Nomkea. Travel to these areas, a Journey Through the Mists, is too difficult for most, and so their traded goods all come through the Scadias, making the small lynchpin country a rich place of trade and culture.
The people of Scadia are called Scadians. If you call them Scads, like the Eischland Traders did many centuries ago, youll be considered an enemy of the state, and will greatly endanger the enjoyment of your vacation! Dont forget, Eischland isnt allowed to trade directly with Scadia even to this day! There are many ways to offend a Scadians proud sense of honor, so read Chapter 12 (No Nos and Boo Boos for You You!) very carefully.
Once youve learned a few phrases (see Chapter 7) youll be ready to go out and buy yourself some silk! Scadians hold tight to their recipe for this airy, beautiful fabric, but they have no qualms selling it in all its forms (see Chapter 4)! Scarves, dresses, cloaks, and anything else you could imagine can be found in the thriving marketplaces, all dyed to the most vibrant of hues. Youll never see such colors again in your life, I swear it!
Once youve had your fill of shopping, itll be time to eat (see Chapters 8-10)! Scadian lamb and hillbeast make for hearty, saucy dishes, rubbed in spices and cooked lovingly over hot stones. You can almost taste the magic in the air as you dig into these uniquely flavored dishes, and youll have a new respect for the Curry Flower, which is credited with much of Scadias flavor profile!
If youre returning to Scadia, then welcome back! If this is your first time traveling Into the Mist, then come be our guest! I almost envy you, dear first-time travelers. You may only be a stranger to the Scadias once, and the discovery of this new world is pure magic at every turn!
* * * * *
The trunk lid had no sooner been closed when an aged man in elegant finery turned the corner and came upon the odd group. He was holding at arms length the vase in which Captain Kaille had spit out his dinner, and was regarding it with a mixture of amusement and disgust.
Ah, Fenric, he said upon seeing the Scribe, There you are. The letter was nowhere to be found, but Ill have my servants search the room from top to bottom once theyve been freed from this ridiculous party.
Of course, my friend, said Fenric, thrown slightly off balance by the interruption.
I hope each year that the guests wont feel tempted to move too far past the ballroom, said the newcomer wryly, but I suppose I must resign myself to the inevitable. Peering into the vase, he added, I didnt much care for the rolls either.
I think we frightened a few stragglers a little while ago, Kaille lied loudly, eying the vase with guilt and pointing to the hallway behind them. It might not be too late to catch the vandals.
Its no bother, said the man, setting down the vase and dusting his hands. Well pay the cleaning staff double to work their magic, as we do every year.
That seems wise, said Fenric, stepping between the Lord and the Captain. My Lord Delahaye, may I introduce you to Captain Kaille, the man of whom I spoke.
Ah, Captain Kaille, is it? asked the Lord Delahaye, shaking the Captains hand firmly. Are you any relation to the Umbury Kailles?
I the Captain began, confused. I could hardly say
Its no bother. I had a Gardener whonever mind. Why dont you come up to my study, invited Delahaye. Ill repay you in brandy for chasing off my partys troublemakers.
Thats a fine idea! Fenric said, motioning for the other three to be on their way. Please, go ahead without me. I must speak with my niece.
The Lord Delahaye gave the Scribe a sympathetic pat on the shoulder. Dont be too hard on the child, he said. Turning to the sailors, he nodded and stepped off. Please do join me. It seems weve missed our opportunity to speak conveniently.
Flushing red, the Captain followed the Lord Delahayes lead with Jas on his heals. Fenric followed for a few steps only, and then came to the room where Lucy waited.
Uncle! she cried, charging forward for a hug.
Putting his hand gently on her head, he said soothingly, There, there child.
Lucy pushed away as though shed been burned. Dont call me that!
Right, Fenric recalled, pulling away and dropping himself onto a long blue couch. Youre protesting the station of childhood. How could I forget?
Arms crossed, Lucy looked back into the hallway, thinking aloud, This is the worst party ever.
Fenric could tell his niece was in a mood to be disagreeable, so he merely asked, And whats been so terrible about it?
He said I was a child in front of everybody! she cried, plunging herself face-first into the cushions at the other end of the long seat.
He who? Fenric asked, his mind alert.
Lucy lifted her face from the cushions. Master Lorey! she wailed.
Fenric was struck dumb for several moments, wondering how the old man hed spoken to earlier that evening had made it from his sickbed to the ball. Then with a chuckle he recalled the mans son. What should you care what the young Master Lorey says? Fenric asked. Youve only just met the boy. He said those exact words?
No! Lucy admitted. But Emibelle said it and he didnt disagree!
Im not sure silence is always the best indication of concurrence
He just kept talking about fairies, she cried, as though Im some baby who cant tell the difference between bedtime stories and reality
Bedtime stories teach us about reality, said Fenric, thinking this might be his way into the conversation, thats their great beauty
Uncle! Lucy cried, frustrated. Thats not helping!
Im sorry, he said genuinely. Its the curse of those whove grown up too quickly that theyre no longer able to relate to the young. Taking a deep breath, Fenric tried to re-center his thoughts. Honesty, he decided, would be the best approach. Truth is, Im afraid of seeing you grow up. You sit here before me, telling me youre readybut all I can think of is the man with dagger and the countless other assassins who are searching for you this very minute.
Lucy, whod been demanding an explanation only moments before, appeared sick now that she had one. An assassin? And he was after me? she asked. Because I
Because youre nearly grown, answered Fenric. And because were nearing the time when you must come away with me and shed your disguise. Its almost time for everything to change.
I Lucy breathed, frightened, I dont want everything to change
Then remain a child, Fenric said quickly, cutting through her protestations. I beg of you to remain a child. You may be ready, but Im not. Theres so much planning yet, so many allies to be put in place
I cant help growing up mumbled Lucy, her head bent in helplessness.
Reaching to lift her chin, Fenric explained. We seek to postpone, not to stave off.
Lucy nodded, smoothing her hand over the pink ruffles of her dress. I knowits justEmibelle. She says things
Fenric cocked his head. What does she say?
She teases me, Lucy explained. She makes me feelsmall.
Ah, a bully, said Fenric. This, at least, was a topic that all ages could relate to. Youll find thats what bullies do.
But why?
Well, I dont want to paint too broad a picture, not knowing the young lady, Fenric said,  but it usually has to do with fear.
No, Lucy said with an adamant shake of her head. Emibelle isnt afraid of anything.
Oh, isnt she? Fenric demanded. If she isnt afraid then why does she have to try so hard? Come now, look at Emibelles sisterhe tried to recall the name and couldntwhat is it again?
Simone, said Lucy, her face lighting up at the thought of the eldest Delahaye girl.
Thats it, Fenric said, pleased to see Lucys reaction. What do you think of her?
I think shes perfect, Lucy said, a happy smile rising on her face.
And does she have to put you down in order to earn your high opinion?
Never! Lucy cried, offended that he would even suggest Simone capable of such things. She thinks more of me than I think of myself.
And she faces the world without fear Fenric began.
Thats not true! Lucy interrupted. Shes terrified of spiders. And frogsthough shed never kill them, just put them back outside
Silly fears, Fenric cut in. Earthly fears. Fear in the sense were speaking is more a discussion of self-worthof confidence. Confidence, you see, can most easily be measured not by who displays the most sureness of spirit, but by who expends the least effort to achieve it.
Lucys eyes had grown slightly glazed at this. Is this one of your riddles? she asked with a sigh.
Its my experience, Fenric began again, that those of supreme confidence need only be the people they are, and the world will see them as they see themselves. If theyre confident in their beauty, theyll be seen as beautiful, if theyre certain of their power, theyll seem powerful, and if theyre comfortable in their maturity, theyll seem adult. People are drawn to the truth, you see, just as youre drawn to Simone.
Thats too simple, uncle, said Lucy in disagreement. Emibelle
You must let me finish, said Fenric, holding up a finger. Those without confidence try to mimic this by forcing the world to see them as they ought to be. But people arent fooled for long. She isnt beautiful, but vain, she isnt powerful, but tyrannical, she isnt mature, but a child herself. Simone doesnt have to tell you shes grown: she simply radiates maturity. So consider this: what cause would Emibelle, so near to you in age, have to push the issue of your relative youth and importance? Ill tell you: its because she herself feels so insecure about her own maturity. So my advice to you is this: be without fear.
Lucy listened intently, soaking his words in. When his final piece of advice came, however, she felt dejected once more. You make it sound so easy.
Thats my mistake, then, Fenric said sadly, for its among the most difficult things to do. But I know you, just as I knew your parents. You were born to be graceful and magnanimous. Its in your blood. I Fenric stopped after a glance at his ward. Why are you crying?
Its justyouve never mentioned them before, said Lucy, her eyes filling with tears. Ican barely remember Unable to stop, she was wracked with sobs, I miss them so much!
I know, child, he said solemnly, moving close and placing a protective arm about her shoulders. She threw herself into an embrace. He patted her back and said honestly, So do I.
Will you tell me about them? she asked.
Fenric examined the girls face and found in it the ghost of his former friends, now long dead. Well have a long talk next time, he told her.
Lucy pulled away, wiping her eyes and sniffling. Next time? she asked indignantly. What, another six years from now?
Not nearly so long, Fenric said quickly. Ive an eerie feeling that times of change are upon us. That is what I came tonight to tell you. I feel, after your ordeal this evening, you might finally be prepared to hear it.
Is it that you must disappear again? she asked.
For a time, he answered her question. Theres much work to do. But Ill not leave you alone. Youll have a tutor.
A tutor? Lucy asked, surprised. Why?
There are two things that are true, Fenric said, skirting the question. One is that you must stay a child for as long as possible. The other is that, when the day comes for you to grow up, you must be prepared. I regret it, but I believe the point at which youll be expected to transition into adulthood will arrive as suddenly as in a day.
Lucy shivered. I fear that day.
For the first time, young and old found themselves in agreement.
* * * * *
Then its agreed. Ill have my shipment at the docks within the next few days, said the Lord Delahaye at the conclusion of his meeting with Kaille and Jas. He held out his hand to the Captain and shook it confidently. By what date do you think youll be docking in Quillain?
We sail at the whims of Fenric, or so it seems, said Kaille, uncomfortable to find himself unable to give an answer. But we should try to head there first.
Its of no matter, truly, said the Lord Delahaye, sitting back in his chair. So is the nature of international trade in a time of pirates. Just get there, I say. Actually, now that I think of it, theres a ship at the docks that has found itself unable to set sail in the next few weeks, itd be a great help if youd take on their cargo. Its exactly the sort of thing that Id send you out with anyway.
Itd certainly be easy enough to shift everything over to the Turnagain, said Kaille, liking the idea of leaving this unfamiliar port as soon as possible.
Then its settled, said Delahaye, pulling out a slip of paper and jotting down a hurried note. Her name is the Jubilee, he said, dripping wax upon the folded letter and bring his seal down over top. He handed the note to Kaille. And her Captain is a man named Pibal. Hes a drunk of the usual kind, but he gets the shipments there in good time.
The three men shared knowing looks. As they did, there was a low mew. An orange cat jumped into the open window.
The Lord Delahaye stood up with a start. Oh my, he cried, I didnt even realize this was open. Coaxing the cat inside, he lifted it carefully, Here now, little fellow. Who are you?
Hes a gift to your youngest daughter, Jas said automatically. Kaille gave him a dubious look.
The Lord Delahaye shook his head. Oh no, thatll never do. Our Adeline breaks out in hives at the mere sight of a cat. Jumping from the mans grip, the feline scampered to the floor and jumped up into Kailles lap. He seems to like you, though, he said with a smirk.
Kaille greeted the cat with a scratch behind the ears. Im glad you survived the battle, he said to it. Let no one ever say youre not a weapon.
So thats settled, then, the Lord Delahaye said happily.
Whats settled? Kaille asked, looking up to see both men smiling at him.
The cats yours, of course, said Delahaye.
Its been awhile since weve had a shipcat, agreed Jas.
And itll be awhile longer, Kaille said firmly. Cats are silly, soulless things with noow!  The cat, settling into the Captains lap, kneaded his claws deeper than he needed to while glaring at the speaker.
Jas laughed, I think he heard you.
Kaille lifted the cat with difficulty from his leg and placed it on the floor. He stood, looking at his host. I suppose were selfish, he said, keeping you up here during your own party. Please allow us to show ourselves out.
The least I can do it escort you, said the Lord Delahaye fondly. He rose and pointed a guiding hand. Please, this way.
Oh, and, um, one other thing said Kaille, bringing his finger pensively to his mouth. In the service of Fenric and your Ward weve made something of a mess in one of your linen chests. Wed appreciate some time to, um, remove what we Kailles sentence petered off and he flapped his arms lamely.
Nonsense, said Delahaye. Itd be easier for you to take the chest. If you act in the service of Fenric, youll always have my aidand my discretion. With a bow of his head, he added, Ill send some men down to convey it to your carriage at once.
Captain Kaille nodded his thanks, leading the way out into the corridor.
* * * * *
Rose stepped out into the vast blue ballroom, making sure to hold her head high. She hadnt known how to prepare herself for such a fine occasion, but shed done her best by slicking back her shoulder-length hair, smoothing her new black garments, and donning Fenrics gold neck piece. She kept his dagger at the ready by her hip, though the thought of using it made her feel ill.
Because her nerves were on edge, Rose didnt have the presence of mind to notice she was one of the few young men in the room. Thinking the stares were a result of her ineptitude at blending in, she overcompensated by lifting her chin even higher.
Looking down from this vantage point, Rose spied a rare flash of pink, and pointed herself in the appropriate direction. As she stepped carefully towards the girl, the watching crowd parted, murmuring as it closed back again.
Lucy, unaware, was still twirling with her foster sisters. After one spin too many she fell over, dizzy, into Roses arms.
Thank you, said the girl, her face blooming in a blush. I seem to have gone all tipsy from the spinning.
Rose looked up from Lucy to the other two girls, whod both become still. May I steal away your dance partner? she inquired of them. They giggled and nodded happily. In the minutes before the dance was to begin, all three girls whispered excitedly in one anothers ears.
When Rose led Lucy to dance, however, the girl in pink betrayed their whispers by sharing, They think youre a prince. That's why the entire room is watching us.
Rose glanced back at the two girls and then around the ballroom, bewildered to find that they were, indeed, the object of attention. What makes them think that?
The giant rocks round your neck, for starters! Lucy said, flicking her fingers at the fist-sized opals that sat weightily upon her chest. Well, I dont care who you are, said the girl in pink. I think youll do just fine.
Hows that? Rose inquired.
Ive a particular interest tonight, said Lucy, in taking a bit of revenge for myself. But its only for tonight, so you mustnt think me petty, she clarified, and its only a littlejust because its been such a trying day.
Im pleased to be of service, Rose offered, intrigued. What can I do?
Lucy didnt answer. Instead, she winced when Rose trod upon her foot. Youre not a very good dancer, she observed. Placing a sturdy hand on the disguised sailor, she said, Here, let me lead. One-two-three, one-two-three. Thats right. And raise your head high, like before. People will know youre noble if you have the right posture, then you wont need to wear such impressive decorations to prove your point.
I dont usually, Rose said with a grin. Theyre just for you.
Lucy let out a soft laugh and looked around the ballroom. My uncle sent you, then, she concluded. You could be anyone, if thats the case. Well, just so you know, Im not fantasizing about being taken off to your castle on a hill.
Thats good, Rose said, because I havent got one.
I knew it! Lucy cried. Where are you from?
Illiamna, Rose answered honestly. A place that seems so far away just now.
Its right here, Lucy said kindly, placing a hand upon her heart. Im from Illiamna as well. Which province?
Kentshore, said the fishermans daughter.
And Quillain for me, returned Lucy, in Illiam City. Have you been?
No, not yet, said Rose optimistically. I hope to go soon.
You must walk the grounds of the palace, Lucy commanded. Weve the most beautiful gardens there.
You think the Usurper would allow guests in his grounds? asked Rose, finding these instructions confusing.
Lucys bright expression grew shaded for a moment. Nono, I suppose not, she said. Looking aside, she tried to hide the fact that her eyes had grown misty. Im sorry, Im being so silly, she said. I dont know why I thought the Usurper wouldve left the grounds unconquered, considering he stole everything else. That, even I can agree, is childish thinking.
Rose shook her head. Dont say that. He has no right to that place. And anyway, I like it, she replied. I also choose to think of my home is as it was before A mischievous thought occurred to her, and she gave the girl in pink a roguish grin. Tell you what, just for you, Ill sneak into the gardens when Im there and steal you a flower. Whats your favorite?
A rose, said Lucy without hesitation.
Rose flushed at the quick response. Then a rose it shall be, she said.
My foster sisters were right after all, said Lucy, her adoring eyes twinkling in the candlelight, you are a prince.
If Rose had been flushed from embarrassment before, it was nothing to the red that bloomed upon her face at the evident admiration of the girl in pink. She wondered if this had been Fenrics intention all alongthat she protect and encourage the girl. Shed much rather do that than cause the girl harm, as shed worried was her role at first. As she had this thought, the stolen letter beat against her guilty chest. Her suspicions seemed silly in the soft light of the ballroom, but there was no denying the letter.
Seeing a motion from across the space, Rose looked up to see Fenric waving at her. She feared for a moment that he was about to give her instructions to kill the girl after all, but he motioned instead that it was time to leave.
Nodding to him, Rose bowed to Lucy, kissing the girls hand in a way that shed learned of from stories.
My uncle beckons and you must go, Lucy observed sadly. It hardly seems fair to part so soon from my kinsman. And weve only just met. Will you write to me?
Rose didnt know how to say that she couldnt write. I shall try, she said instead, glancing nervously at the door through which Fenric disappeared.
Dont worry, Lucy said, retracing Roses focus. It was as vague an answer as you could give. My uncle would be very proud.
Rose grinned, realizing that shed indeed been distant to the girl these past moments. She said with honest enthusiasm, Im very pleased to have met you. Good-bye.
No! Lucy cried, holding Roses hand fast. In Illiam City we never say good-bye. We say, until next time. That way, well have to meet again. I would so much like to meet again.
Until next time, then, said Rose obligingly, bowing low.
* * * * *
When the Scribe requested the company of Benson Rose in his own carriage, Captain Kaille was only too happy to oblige. His own hired cart had the prestige of holding on its rack a trunk with a man inside. He thought it might be best to let as few people in on this odd secret as possible.
Checking that the straps holding the trunk were secure and breathing an uncomfortable sigh, he climbed into the carriage. The orange cat was already sitting in his seat, purring loudly next to a large, flowered vase. Pursing his lips, Kaille stared at it, opened his mouth to argue, and then nodded his grudging acceptable. He closed the carriage door and the horses jumped into activity.
Well, that was interesting, said Jas, his gaze out the window.
It most certainly was, said Kaille, understanding his shipmans reluctance to look him in the eye. It was too much fun for Kaille to ignore. I dont suppose youhave anything to say to me?
About the trade deal? Jas asked, his voice on edge. I think it quite fine. Theres a good market for Dunsmere wool and a far better one for Scadian silk. Well all be rich before long.
Not about the trade deal, said Kaille relentlessly, about your dear old chum Locked-in-a-Box-Whyl, for whom you gave up both honor and reason.
Jas cleared his throat, his eyes darting to and fro. Why, um, why would I have anything to say about him?
You did see him try to kill an innocent girl? Kaille said, laughing.
Aye, and I stopped him Jas allowed himself to agree.
Kaille leaned back, his grin tight. You cant say it, can you?
Say what? he asked.
That you were wrong? Kaille instructed, laying it out.
Come on, old friend, Jas cried, launching into an excuse, you know I cant resist a conspiracy!
The Captain didnt reply. He raised a skeptical brow that did all the talking.
You didnt hear what I heard! Jas shouted, casting about wildly for ideas. You wouldve been convinced too! And that damned Scribe isnt telling us everything either, you said so yourself! And besides, the girl was saved in the end. And, whats more, we may never have discovered Whyl was a spy had I not forced him out into the open by
By befriending him? Kaille asked, still amused.
Thats right! Jas yelled. The orange cat hissed at him and climbed into Kailles lap. Jas continued his rant, Hed still be locked in our ship, plotting and scheming
Raising a hand for silence, the Captain gave another laugh. Apology accepted, he said.
Jas ran his tongue over his teeth. Reluctantly, he nodded. He looked out the window in silence for a time while Kaille petted the cat absentmindedly.
The Captain wished he felt better about the mystery into which theyd sailed, even now that Whyls deception had been uncovered. Part of him could sense that their troubles had only just begun. To start, the man in the trunk was not actually Whyl. They had no idea who he might be.
Kaille became aware that Jas had spoken, and had to ask the shiphand to repeat himself.
I said, whatre you going to call him? Jas repeated, gesturing to the orange cat, which had curled into a purring ball on the Captains knees.
Hes not Kaille began to protest.
Dont pretend like youre not going to take him aboard, Jas said, relishing his repossession of the higher ground. I know you.
Ziggerjon, said the Captain without hesitation.
Jas laughed, leaning over to scratch the cats head. Thats fitting! he said. With a sudden realization that made his happy expression fall, he added, Oh, and Ill clean up your cabin when we get back.
Why? Kaille demanded, suddenly at full attention. He leaned forward and the cat mewed in protest. What did you do to my cabin?
The keyyou see, said Jas, quailing under the Captains rage, and I
It was right by the door,  Kaille cried, bemoaning the destruction of his haven. What are you, blind?
Now, Eli, Jas said in soft, desperate apology, I
What did you do to my cabin? the Captain demanded again.
* * * * *
Fenrics low-riding carriage clattered on. The rattling was oddly metallic compared to what Rose had been getting used to, and the spring of the wheels felt different, but she didnt ask and Fenric didnt tell.
You looked quite fine on the dance floor, Benson Rose, he said after many minutes of silence. I was pleased to see my niece putting you through your paces.
She seemed nice, said Rose pleasantly.
Well, Fenric contradicted, thats because you havent seen her these last few days.
Rose, whod been going over the Scribes two tasks in her mind, decided she deserved an explanation. Whyd you want me to dance with her?
Fenric sighed, and replied, She complained to me that I wasnt letting her grow up. It seemed a kindness to provide her with a handsome boy to dance with.
But Im not a boy, Rose reminded him forcibly.
All the better for an over-protective guardian, wouldnt you say? Fenric answered with a wink.
Rose bit her lip. She contemplated remaining silent, then decided to say, I thought maybe you were hinting that I should kill her.
Your poetic mind is laudable, Fenric said with an amused snort, but Ill use no metaphors when I give you instructions. Were not yet that well in tune. I was pleased, however, that you completed both tasks.
Rose nodded, paying particular notice to what Fenric had chosen not to say. Namely, he hadnt denied that he might someday ask Rose to kill for him. Rose, who knew that this was just such a moment to give the Scribe the letter shed found, grew tense.
Ive heard strange tellings of waking trees, Fenric added when Rose remained silent. I dont suppose you had anything to do with that.
Not wanting a critique of her first flailing attempts at espionage, she looked out her window and said with a shrug, I dont know what youre talking about.
* * * * *
The Delahaye birthday ball was winding to a close, over half of the guests having begged their leave for the evening. Those who remained, mostly the young and in love, danced on, knowing the evening must soon end, and dreading it.
Lucy, who held a sleepy Adeline on her knee, asked her foster sister once again, Are you sure you dont want to go up to bed?
Adelines droopy eyes shot back open. No! she cried grumpily. She jumped down and began once again to twirl tiredly, yawning all the while.
Lucy looked over at Simone, who laughed from her seat. The eldest Delahaye began to slowly pick the flowers from her hair, arranging them into a miniature bouquet. Tell me again what he said, she begged, a dreamy look in her eyes.
Lucy thought back to the handsome boy in black, trying to think of a single detail that she hadnt already shared with Simone. There was nothingexcept
Rising from her seat, Lucy circled a few steps away, holding the air like it was a dance partner. I held him like this, she said, recalling the warm weight of his hand. And we spun like this! With a practiced one-two-three she recreated the dance. It was a different emotion that filled her on this, the re-telling of a re-telling. The boys flaws were rapidly fading, leaving behind only the memory of charm and adventure. It didnt matter to her that the boy was merely a servant to her uncleall that really meant was that she could trust him with her life. She thought of him as she spun around the room, thinking of his strong chin, his delicate lips, and his brilliant green eyes.
The musicians struck their final chord and Lucy bowed to her imaginary partner.
Turning back to her audience, now on the other side of the ballroom, she found her way blocked by Emibelle and the young Master Lorey. Lucy rose from her fictional curtsy in time to genuflect to them as well. Emibelle didnt move, but Lorey returned with a bow.
May I have the next dance, Lady Helayna? he asked, stepping forward so as to block Emibelle from view.
Lucy flushed. Shed had a lovely time reeling about the room, re-living the highlight of her evening, but she saw her actions in that moment through the eyes of a stranger. To the outsider, she knew, she must have looked desperate.
Embarrassment eating away at her, Lucy thought she heard Emibelles gigglethat judgmental little giggleand felt something within her snap.  
Turning outraged eyes upon Master Lorey, she saw him as he must beas a new-found extension of Emibelles bullying arsenal. How much pleasure would it give the Delahaye daughter, after all, for Dunstan to tease Lucys imaginary partner by presenting a real one? It would make no difference to either of her tormentors to explain that she had only been demonstrating for Simones sake. 
Let him think me a child, then, Lucy exclaimed to herself, arching an eyebrow as she stared at the chestnut-colored boy. I know that his teasing is due to his fear, not mine.
With a smile that showed her dimples, Lucy observed, Youre only asking because you think I danced with a fairy prince. So let me set you right, he was just a boy.
Not at all, said Lorey. He drew closer and said in hushed tones, Id hoped to end the evening twirling about the floor with a fairy of my own.
Lucy, tired of being teased for this misunderstanding, narrowed her eyes. If the Master Lorey would try to belittle her by bringing the fairy world to her feet, how better to thwart his jest than by playing directly into it? She would leave it to him to be embarrassed. Girls in Chaveneigh dance heartily, just like those from Scadia, she said. We fairies, however, do best to keep to our own kind, lest our wings be clipped and we be resigned to the dullness of life. Dropping again to a curtsy, she added, I thank you, but Im not in need of a dance partner.
Emibelle took rushing steps to join them, and Lucy, her sense of offense still high, turned to her foster sister. She curtsied again, this time spreading her pink, ruffled dress far and wide. Emibelle, she said, I thought I should display my dress for you one last time. This way, your sense of superiority will be remembered that much longer. When Emibelle didnt reply, Lucy continued, Thats what you feed on, is it not, the exchange of my happiness for yours? Feed as you will, for Ive been to the ball. Ive danced to my hearts content with mysterious strangers, the sisters who love me, and my own imagination all while in this hideous outfit. If I can achieve that, I dont see what else could possibly matter, for Ive worn much finer dresses to parties, but Ive never had quite so much fun. It seems clear that a persons actions are a better tell of her character than her wardrobe. Your actions, Emi, are those of fear.
A persons actions are said to speak louder than words, said Master Lorey from alongside them. He echoed a well-known adage, but with the new-learnt conviction of a person from a foreign land.
Isnt that exactly right? Lucy asked of Emibelle, her brow arched. She stared at her foster sister confidently, locking eyes and refusing to budge. It was Emibelle who flinched first, her face turning away in discomfort and doubt. 
Satisfied, Lucy turned and nodded to Master Lorey. She took in the sight of him for the first time, her vision clear from branches or her own naivete. He was a teasing boy, a judgmental one, and an admirer of Emibelle the Bully. This told her all she needed to know of him, and her interest in the Scadian was lost. Master Lorey, allow me to welcome you to the neighborhood, she said. I see youve already met your well-matched company, so Ill leave you to it.
Turning without a look back, Lucy swept down on Adeline, lifting her in the air and spinning her around until they both collapsed, giggling.
* * * * *
As Rose regained the decks of the Turnagain her feet felt oddly steady upon the unsettled decks. The familiarity of her ever changing home at sea was almost a comfort after the land mines of Fenrics plotting. She was too distracted by the Scribes secrecy to notice that she still wore her expensive black garb. Others aboard noticed, however, and so began her trouble.
It was already too late when Rose noticed the sailors around her had grown expectantly quiet. She looked up from her uneasy thoughts to find herself face to face with Cricket. He smirked at her, cracking his knuckles. A group of sneering shiphands watching eagerly, as though itching for a fight.
Back from your party? Cricket asked, taking in her appearance. Dont you look fancy? Tell me, fancy boy, did you drink wine and sham-pain?
Rose didnt think any part of this merited a response and was about to go below decks to change when the red-haired bully reached out and grabbed Ikpek, who had been standing silently among the crowd. Cricket twisted the pale boys arms around his back, pinning them so that he winced in pain.
Come here, savage, Cricked demanded as he did this, come look at the fancy Monkey. Did you know monkeys liked to dress up?
Rose, not in the mood to deal with self-important shipboys, growled, Youre hurting him, let him go.
Why do you care? asked Cricket. Hes just a savage. Itd be a mercy to kill him.
Rose growled again, her voice lower, Let him go, Cricket.
You gonna come over here and make me? the red-haired boy asked. The Tap-Man told me what you did. Then I took care of him. Ill make you pay too as soon as I finish with the savage.
Rose saw the sailors watching, eager to begin their teasing once more. She saw Crickets grasping fists and Ikpeks frightened face. It all seemed absurd to her. Didnt they realize that at any minute Fenric could put a dagger in her hand and sent her out to use it? What was a silly ships feud compared to that? It was time to stop the nonsense.
Rose didnt think. She didnt hesitate. She closed the space between her and the shiphand with a few sudden steps and drew back her arm. With careful aim, she brought her fist crashing into Crickets nose. There was a crack and a pop, and the red-haired boy let go of Ikpek. He fell to the ground.
Crickets surprised silence lasted only a moment as he blinked in astonishment. Then, blood cascading down his face, the former shipboy began to wail. 
The men surrounding them, calls of Misses Monkey stolen from their lips, looked at the sobbing boy in shock, and then at Rose, who glared seriously at each of them in turn. She dared any of them to tease her, but none did.
Before anything else could happen, Captain Kaille and Jas, just off their carriage, tread upon the scene.
Whats going on here? Kaille demanded, stunned by the silence.
He punched me, Cricket shrieked, his voice high-pitched and frightened. The Monkey punched me!
Rose saw the Captains attention shift to her, and, though she felt compelled to hide her throbbing fist behind her back, she didnt. She knew it was wrong for the lowest ranked sailors to cause a stir. But what Cricket was doing was wrong too, and more so. Instead of hiding, she showed by her confident stance that her actions had been in the right.
Is this true, Benson? asked the Captain seriously.
Aye, she replied, her posture straight and dignified.
The Captain raked his eyes over the three boys. Ikpek had fallen upon the rail, out of breath and in pain. Cricket pushed himself from the deck, his nose swelling where it was broken, but his body still hunched in aggression. Rose held her stance. She knew the Captain was good at interpreting what he saw, and rather than try to explain, she chose to trust his judgment.
Cricket, said Kaille, his voice full of annoyance, consider yourself demoted. If I hear of this behavior again youll be off my ship. Is that clear?
But he hit me! The Monkey hit me, Cricket wailed, raising an accusatory finger. Demote him!
Youve been causing trouble ever since you were made shiphand, said the Captain firmly, turning away. I suppose you werent ready for the promotion. Ill not burden you with it any longer.
Cricket practically trembled with anger. As the Captain and Jas turned aft, he shouted, I saw Auk! I saw him and Nial. They were kissing!
Rose noticed the Captains expression grow dark. She almost felt his fury as he growled at the boy, Id think twice before you add slander to your list of crimes
Its true! Cricket cried, pointing at Rose. If you trust your Monkey so much, then ask him! He saw it too!
Kailles eyes raked over Rose again, and this time she quailed under the scrutiny. Did you? he demanded, every ounce of humor driven from his face.
Roses eyes darted over the sailors whod gathered, but none offered her any help. She looked towards the sea and attempted to say, I dont know what I saw
Dont lie to me, sailor, Kaille warned. Is Cricket speaking the truth?
Rose considered lying. Lying wasnt hardor rather, it had become easier. But then, the Captain so far had proven himself sensible to her attempts at spoken deception. He would know if she lied, and he would despise her for it. This, at least, was more than Rose could stand.
With a reluctant nod, she corroborated Crickets story.
The Captain stared at the three youths once more, sickened. You, boys, get out of my sight, he said to Cricket and the shipboys. YouScribe, Hawkesburybe waiting in my cabin, he commanded. Hector, first unload the two carriages below, then take this note to the Jubilee along with most of the crew. Were taking their cargo. Once its stowed, prepare the Turnagain to sail. The winds favor leaving this place, he said, feeling the breeze upon his face, and so do I.
*

Chapter 14:
The Truth
* * * * *
Belaverous is Burning
Letters to My Dead Son
The Unsent Correspondence of Professor Nikols
By Anteon Nikols
Transcribed by Sheera Spins
*
As I write to you, my Ashner, my withered hand shakes. Even now, in the twilight of my days, I cannot think of the night you were taken from me without anger and grief of the acutest kind.
Your mother, to die that night as well, had prepared us the first supper we had eaten together in many months. You had just returned from a lengthy journey, and we hardly ate for all the talking. I had been selfish then, wishing for your return so I could have you once more to myself. Had I only known you would depart the mortal realm that night, I would have wished you to stay away forever, to be somewhere still, somewhere alive.
We stayed up after Mother went to sleep, drinking wine and talking about your travels. I was terrified as you spoke of the treacherous mountain passages of the Inlands. Though I knew you were sure-footed, my son, I did not want you to fall. But you had not fallen. You made it into our Kingdoms mountain province, and there you met the men and women who governed themselves. The people of Freemont delighted you. I could see how they would have.
I never meant you for politics, Ashner, but the craft called to you anyhow. I had taught you all too well the structure of an oligarchy, and it chafed at your young mind. In Freemont you found what you had sought for so long: freedom. With the learned air of any proud student of the world, you then returned to make your mark upon the society that had raised you.
Did you know that the Monarchy and Counsel of Twelve were but a hairs breadth from collapse when you traversed the rocky mountain passages on your way back to me? Did you know that the oligarchy you sought to destroy was already on the path to destruction? I wish it had been you, my wise son, to wield to sword that ended the Kings life, for then perhaps a Republic would have risen out of the ashes of that night. Instead, the Usurper brought evil to our land and it has been only a nightterror that followed.
You came back in time for the Feast of Belaverous. It was your favorite holiday, always full of bright colors and sparkling music. I never blamed you for liking those nights as much as you didit was my favorite as well. The god of the spring liked you too, and gifted you with the finest of dancing partners, both pretty and energetic. We were too happy to see you again to spare you to the celebration, however, so we three stayed at home. I am tempted to wonder if this decision was the one that destroyed us, but I cannot see how it could have been. Had we gone to the celebration at the palace things would not have changed, except that I might have joined you in the afterlife, which perhaps would have been more kind.
We were talking in great joy and did not hear when the palace grounds went up in flames. The woven effigy of Belaverous, the frolicking bear, had burned into cinders by the time the shouting pierced our happy ears. Only then did we notice the light and sound from without our cozy home. You asked me, Do you know what the Freemen say about the spring?
Before you could tell me, there came a pounding on the door. We rose from our seats to feel that the university building, a moldering ruin to this day within the walls of the palace, had filled with smoke. The same vile clouds of burnt air came wafting from upstairs, and I rushed to your mother only to find that she had breathed it in and expired.
I would have died right there, my son, but the roof was falling in and you were still downstairs! O horrors to think that a father must choose between his wifes still body and his live son! Weapons were thrown together and discharged in the most terrible cacophony, and I knew only that I must get you to safety.
Grabbing my sword, I gave way to the pounding at the door, and when the man entered, knowing not whether he was friend or foe, I ended his life. And now I must wonder to the end of my days what the man had come for, and whether or not I did right in slaying him. But I did not think that night. I grabbed you and we ran.
The cellars below the university were on the other side of the broad stone building, and so we rushed, low to the ground, through the battle that filled the school. I led the way, and looked back often, always frightened that I would turn to find you had fallen. Every time I turned, however, to claim from you a smile of assurance, we would be slowed to a stop.
Was it fate? Was it on purpose? Was it an accident? I think, maybe, it was my fault. I stopped to look back at you, causing you to pause in your tracks, and just as I did, the blade of a sword whipped through the air and
I cannot write of it, my Ashner. I would rather die than write of it.
I dont know how I survived the battle, since I am almost sure I clung to your dying body until I lost consciousness. The kind souls who saved me never spoke of how I had come to be alive, or what had become of your body. I refused to ask, and I would not let them say.
The world I knew was destroyed on the morning I woke, but this knowledge had nothing to do with the blackened stone or the piles of rubble. You were gone. The world had ended. Only politics went on.
The King was dead and his three heirs dead or disappeared. Their loss was merely added to my own. When an evil man took their place, it seemed only too fitting. Of course, I reasoned, a tyrant would rule over this new, terrible existence. I did not exercise my influence among the educated. I let the Usurper sit upon his cindered throne.
I let him sit there still, all these years later. The university we loved so well grows free with vines and weeds, now silent of the sound of laughter and debate. I hear sometimes the ghost of days past, and in those times I see you. And yet, I do nothing.
You will judge me in the afterlife, I know. I was influential in my time and molded so many young minds. Even if I had done very little and inspired but few to stand, it would have been something. My defense is this: every time I set about to wondering what I should do, I could not pass a single thought without wondering, what do Freemen say about the spring? And with that query, I am undone. I was cheated of my answer just as I was cheated of you, and my inaction has been the symptom of a dying heart.
We will talk, my Ashner, as we walk side by side to the bull. He will judge me harshly, but it is your forgiveness I seek. Will you forgive me that day and every day thereafter? Will you speak to me at all? Will you wait for me on the path? Or will you walk on ahead, your back turned to me for all eternity?
I cannot bear to think
Your Ever Loving Father,
A.N.
* * * * *
Rose approached Tappans hammock, finding him sitting in it silently, staring at the wall. As she approached, she saw that in addition to an assortment of bruises, his eye was swollen and his lip split. What happened to you? she asked.
Besides the whirlwind that is Cricket, you mean? he asked wryly.
He said you told him, Rose said, putting the pieces together.
Touching his swollen eye gingerly, he replied, It seemed like a good idea at the time.
Well, he was demoted Rose said. I guess hes one of us now.
Tappan smirked. So, now we shall be a Mule, a Monkey, a Mute, and a Maniac, he said, laughing at his own cleverness before wincing in pain. He felt at his loosened teeth. I dont suppose thats Crickets?
Rose followed Tappans gaze to her own bloody knuckles. Aye, she said.
He made a triumphant gesture. No one will be calling you a woman anymore, I bet.
Not to fear, said Rose, Im still the Monkey.
Well work on that one next, how about? Tappan said. He touched his head carefully. You know what, I think I might pass out for a little while. Will you tell me about the party while I work on that?
The party? It wasnt that interesting, Rose lied. I danced once, even though Ive never danced before in my life.
Was she pretty? Tappan asked.
Rose thought about the girl. She shook her head, unsure, It was just a girl.
Did you ask her or did she ask you? Tappan wondered, his gaze losing focus.
Are they allowed to ask you? Rose teased, thinking about how it was really Fenric whod done the asking. She considered what it meant that shed been given the task at all while she talked Tappan through the basic details.
Was this, she wondered, what working with Fenric would be like? He as good as said in the carriage that his task for her had been on a whimjust as hed said
Rose could hardly stand to think about it. Was the natural conclusion of working with Fenric that shed be assigned random tasks that rarely made sense? Would they begin innocently with little things like putting letters in peoples studies and dancing with girls, but then grow more complex, like stealing artifacts oror eliminating threats? Would he ask her to murder somebody? If he did, would it be for the greater good? Did the reason even matter?
Roses explanation of the ball had halted for several moments before she realized shed grown silent. She looked at Tappan to see if hed noticed, but he was deep in sleep. Her anger grew.
Who did Fenric think he was, to assume he might someday order a persons murder? Who did he think she was that shed be willing to carry it out? Rose felt trapped all of a sudden, beholden to the Scribe yet disgusted by him. Filled with frustration, she pushed off Tappans cot and rushed out of his sleeping quarters.
She was greeted above decks by the vibrant moon and starry sky, but she saw none of it. It was time for the Scribe to stop his lies.
* * * * *
Ill abide it no longer, the Captain said, sitting at the chair hed pulled to standing. Jas moved around, picking debris off the floor and putting it back to rights. These half-truths that you tell must stop. You were there during the Burning.
Ive said, there was no Fenric began from his usual seat.
You said there was no Fenric on record, said Kaille, but youre mistaken if you think Im not onto you. Considering what Ive seen tonight, I understand why youd make yourself an alias, but Im asking these questions now to the man you were, whatever his name. I must know what Ive gotten my ship and crew into.
I suppose we have reached a certain jumping-off point, said Fenric, sinking into himself. Either I begin to trust you or you stop trusting me.
You said Nic Pharus came to the King with intelligence that Prince Goddard was plotting against the throne, Kaille said in reminder. Did you hear these accusations with your own ears?
These ears on my head? Fenric asked, soaking in the levels of irony folded into his existence. He contemplated the Captains assessment regarding the changed nature of their relationship, and then he sighed. I did, yes.
And did you believe him? Kaille demanded.
I regret that I did, yes, said Fenric, ashamed. The attacks within the military were well disguised. The idea that they could be wrapped up easily as Goddards plottingthe schemes of a younger brother to gain the thronewas just the kind of simple answer we were looking for. We didnt want to believe it to be much larger problem.
What did he tell you, exactly? the Captain asked.
He said, Fenric sighed once more, that the Prince Brother intended, at the festival feast of Belaverous that night, to dispose of the royal and noble families.
Kaille blinked, tempted in hindsight to call the Scribe a mighty fool. And what did you do with that hogwash?
We listened to it, Fenric said simply. We planned. Thered been signs that something pernicious was afoot, so we took the threat seriously. It was agreed that, if an attack seemed immanent, we would remove the children from the palace.
The Captain sat up suddenly, his heart full of fear. And you were involved in this?
Yes, said Fenric. I, a trusted maidand Nic Pharus.
There was a crash from behind them. Jas had dropped a drawer and the contents fell with a clatter. You gave the Usurper control of one of the heirs? he demanded.
Fenric nodded. He seemed older than he had moments earlier. I regret that we did, he confirmed.
So the rumored deaths of one or more of the heirs are true, said Kaille, thinking through what hed learned out loud. And you have the girl, he added, seeing the sobbing child in his minds eye. Before Fenric could say so, Kaille blurted, Did you see what happened to the King?
I was carrying the child to safety Fenric began.
Surely you saw something, Jas insisted.
Fenric gave him a withering look. Im trying to tell you what I saw, Master Hawkesbury, he said. He began again, I was carrying the child to safety when it became clear to me that wed been betrayed. I hid the heir and went back to the palace. Just outside the throne room I found the King. He was bent double and stabbed through the chest with his own sword. He was moments from death. Fenrics eyes had clouded, and he looked down at the Captains floor as if the dying sovereign now rested upon it. I took his head in my arms and he smiled at me through his pain. He spoke his final words. Fenric gulped. He paused, as though listening to those final words in his head. His blinking was rapid as he raised his face to the Captain. And then he was gone.
There was silence in the cabin. Kailles heart thumped against his chest as he recalled the story Fenric had told him months earlier. Hethe King of Illiamnawas the childhood friend you spoke of? The one who died in your arms? the Captain asked, hardly believing his own words.
I closed his eyes, Fenric said in answer. And I spoke over him a blessing my mother taught me. Then I pulled the sword from his chest and took the crown from his head.
What did you do then? asked Jas, his attention rapt.
Fenric answered coldly, Then I went to find Nic Pharus.
The Captain rubbed his hands over his face, fear rising in his chest with each new detail of the Scribes story.
He sat upon the throne, recalled Fenric, surrounded by his allies. I didnt let him speak, but I cursed his name and let that curse echo upon the Unity Stones. I dropped from my hand the dead Kings crown and lifted my friends sword, bringing it down upon the gold twice, rending it in four
You quartered the crown? Jas demanded, collapsing onto Kailles bed, his knees too weak to stand. But why would you do that?
I wanted the Usurper to know, spat Fenric, turning his furious eyes upon Jas, that though he might have stolen the throne, he would never be King.
Silence followed these words. Even the sea and ship made minimal noise, as though they respected the power of the mans story too much to interject. The attention of all was trained upon the mangled piece of gold sitting upon the Captains table.
I didnt take the piece at that time, Fenric said, answering the question they hadnt dared to ask. It was returned to me later. But that, at least, is a story for another night.
Kaille nodded, exhausted from what hed heard. You must have run then, he said, out of ideas. I would have run.
And so I did, agreed the Scribe. I barely escaped with my life.
The three men sat quietly once more, none of them wishing to be the first to speak. Again, however, Fenric broke the silence. Ive never told anyone this before.
Having heard it, Kaille said solemnly, feeling slightly ill, Im not sure you should have.
I dont know why, said the Scribe, but I trust you Captain. And Im asking for your help. There are many who wish the restoration of the royal family, but not many working towards that end. Those who wish the opposite, however, are making extraordinary efforts. Please, join me. I need your help.
Kaille needed space. He needed time. He thought he might lose what little hed eaten at the ball. His stomach wrenched painfully into knots as his mind readjusted everything it had known. 
Looking into Fenrics eyes, Kaille saw them lit with an honest plea. He didnt know what was worse, being lied to by the Scribe or being trusted by him. Nevertheless, he replied, If your task is to restore the monarchyand Arion be damned, I believe it isthen you shall always have my aid.
Fenric nodded gratefully and rose from his seat. He turned and began limping away, but was called back by an afterthought.
One other thing, said the Captain, his finger raised. Whylor whoever he ishe called you Iggy. Can I assume thats short for
Ignatius, Fenric supplied. I wont deny it.
And what might I find, Kaille inquired, if I were to search the royal records for a man named Ignatius? Its not a common name.
I think you should find a good deal of trouble, answered the Scribe, his expression tired. Luckily for me the records are controlled by the Usurper and are beyond your reach. Turning on his heel, he added a dismissive, Good night, Captain.
* * * * *
Cricket curled himself within the crows nest, hugging his legs to his chest and burrowing his broken nose between his knees. He would occasionally shout a curse into the fabric of his trousers or slam the soft side of his fist against the unyielding wooden boards, but all it did was make him feel worse.
A silent figure climbed the wooden rail and lowered himself to sit by Crickets side. The demoted shiphand thought he felt a gentle hand touch the side of his head. The contact was so full of concern that Cricket was recalled to a time when, as a sick child, hed been attentively kept by his mother. He opened his eyes, hoping to glimpse her face, but he saw the Tikaani slave boy instead.
Dont touch me, savage! he shouted, jumping back from the pale boy.
Nose broke, Ikpek said, struggling with his words. He reached out again to Crickets face. Need fix.
I knew you could speak, you filthy heathen, Cricket scoffed, pushing the hand away. I said dont touch me.
Ikpek arched his brow, Cricket want bone poke in brain? He stood. Swinging a leg over the crows nest rail, the slave boy shrugged. Soon be dead.
What? It cant do that. Cricket jeered. Placing a probing finger to the wound, he felt that indeed the bone had shifted back. He looked at the savage with sudden attention. Then, panicked, he grew uncertain. Wait! It cant do that?
Ikpek said nothing. Instead, he gazed upon the freckled boy with a look of pity, as though he knew that the redhead didnt have long for the world.
Cricket touched his nose again, cursed at the pain, and gaped back at Ikpek, jaw unhinged. It could kill me? Serious?
Ikpek shrugged, swinging his other foot over the rail.
Wait! Cricket cried, grabbing Ikpeks sleeve. What do I have to do?
If Ikpek fix? The slave boy gave him a measured look. Cricket be nice.
No, really, Cricket tugged Ikpek into motion, pulling him back within the crows nest.
No, Ikpek held up a finger and pushed it to Crickets forehead with a steady pressure. Cricket. Be. Nice.
Okay! Cricket cried. Fix it! Gods, Savage, I dont want to die.
Not Savage, insisted the pale boy. Ikpek. Be nice.
Cricket nodded rapidly, Okay. Ikpek, then. Please help me.
Bite down, said the Tikaani, shoving a thick leather strap in Crickets mouth. Hold still, he said. He touched the broken nose with probing fingers. Without warning, he placed his thumb and forefinger artfully on the injury, yanked, jerked, and then let go.
Arion be damned! Cricket cried after a good few minutes of screaming through the leather strap. He touched his nose tentatively and found it to be straight once more, if slightly swollen. Gods that hurt.
Ah, Ikpek held a finger to his forehead as before with a mercurial grin. But better now. Here, must clean.
As Cricket watched, Ikpek took a flask from his belt, ripped a patch of soft fabric from his tunic, wetted it, and dabbed at Crickets face. The freckled boy closed his eyes and prepared to cringe under Ikpeks care, but the slave boys touch was so delicate that even his own mothers caress had never felt so kind. The gentleness was almost too much to stomachso much worse than the pain of the broken bone.
Cricket knew he didnt deserve Ikpeks help. Hed hurt and nearly strangled the pale, purple-eyed boy more times that he could remember. Hed even gotten another of the shipboys to punch him, leaving a livid purple mark upon the boys face. So why was the savage helping? Was he simply too stupid to remember the abuse? Or was the slave boy so inherently good that he would help even his enemy? As soon as hed had the thought, Cricket knew it was the truth. The red-haired boy felt tears come to his eyes.
Please, no more, he said, turning his face away in shame. I dont deserve this.
Ikpek nodded his understanding. No touch, he instructed, sitting back and offering the soft rag to the shipboy.
Cricket accepted it sheepishly. Whered you learn to do that, anyway?
Chief father, Ikpek said, looking out across the sea. Great healer.
Cricket followed his gaze. He said thoughtfully, I never knew my father. I think I became a sailor because I thought I might run into him someday.
Cricket know him, Ikpek said, turning back.
What, are you deaf? the redhead snapped, I just said I didnt.
Ikpek shook his head, searching for words. Cricket know himin self.
The freckled boy swayed as he considered this. Then, he concluded: My father must be a jerk, then. I know what I am. Unable to stop the trembling of his chin, Cricket let out a wordless cry, screwing up his eyes and wiping away the resulting tears. Remembering Ikpeks presence, he shouted, Go away!
Cricket not jerk, Ikpek said in disagreement. For the third time, he reached across the space between them and placed a finger on the boys speckled forehead. Deep down, Cricket good.
Why do you keep touching my head? Cricket asked as the slave boy pulled away.
Ikpek seemed amazed at the idea of putting his gesture to words. Touch forehead meansconnection. Live through headwhere we meet He struggled to find words and failed. He shook his head sadly.
Right Cricket allowed. So, your father was a healer, then? What, like a barbarian witch doctor?
Ikpek shook his head. He wasnt offended, but was firm in his refusal. Great leader. Like King.
Are you telling me youre a prince of the savages? Cricket asked, momentarily forgetting the pain in his nose.  The ghost of a smile played on his lips.
Ikpek merely beamed broadly in answer, displaying his straight white teeth. Ikpek is shipboy.
And Im the son of a sailor and his whore, Cricket thought aloud. He stuck out his hand, How do you do?
Ikpek stared at the hand in question.
Oh, come on, savI mean, Ikpek Cricket self-corrected. You shake it, like this. Its like saying hello, but moreyou knowrespectful.
Ikpek nodded, bowed, and shook Crickets entire arm enthusiastically.
Aye, close enough, said Cricket, chuckling. He touched his nose and winced. Hey, do us a favor, will you? Get my rations from the cook? I havent eaten yet and Im starving.
Cricket ate, the slave boy told him. Cricket tensed. But Ikpek share.
Cricket felt his cheeks flush. The savage was far too shrewd to lie to, it seemed. He nodded his head gratefully as Ikpek swung his body back over the rail.
Hey, he called. Could my nose really have poked into my brain?
No, Ikpek admitted. But crooked always.
You tricked me? You tricked me so that you could help me? Cricket asked in awe. Youre good.
Ikpek shook his head, Cricket be good.
No, the redhead corrected, I was giving you a compliment. Like, youre good at things.
No, Ikpek echoed, Cricket be good.
Aye, of course, Cricket laughed despite himself. I be good.
* * * * *
Rose paced back and forth in the short hall. She muttered in her frustration, trying to talk herself through the encounter she planned to start. Fuming more with every moment the Captains door remained closed, Rose stopped to tap an impatient foot. Regardless, the target of her fury remained within.
When Fenric finally emerged and Jas closed the door behind him, she launched herself at him. What was that, exactly? Rose demanded.
Fenric seemed uncharacteristically surprised to see her, wiping hurriedly at his moist eye. As with most things, youre going to have to be more specific, he said distantly. His voice was tired and his shoulders slumped. He limped towards his own door. Are you referring to my talk with the Captain just now or the well-to-do party that I had you invade?
No, I mean Rose stammered as Fenric opened his door and limped inside. Shed lost her confidence at the Scribes unwillingness to engage, but that didnt lessen her perturbation. Uninvited, she pushed her way inside also, deciding to speak bluntly: You didnt deny that you might ask me to kill someone.
No, I didnt, Fenric said, sounding unconcerned as he lit the three wicks on his candelabra.
So, she demanded, what was that? And why did you really ask me to dance with that girl?
Fenric gave her a tired smile. Your sense of honor is admirable, he said dismissively, but in times of war, no man can have such high moral standards. Laying out his dressing gown, he motioned for her to leave. And Ive already told you why you were dancing
No, Rose shouted, not why tonight or why this particular task. Why am I here? Why is she there? Why did you choose to bring us together? And what in the underworld are you doing that might require murder?
Betraying no emotion, Fenric said, Good night, Benson Rose. Well talk again soon.
Rose tightened her aching fist. She was furious to be brushed aside and outraged that her questions were being ignored. She wanted to punch the old manto feel the satisfying crunch of his bones that way shed felt Crickets. Instead, she attacked with words: Is it about the masked man?
Fenric froze mid-button, the collar of his nightshirt undone. He stayed still for several long moments, during which time the blood ran cold in Roses veins. He turned to her with a face made ugly by anger. What did you say? he asked in a voice so low it was frightening.
Rose gulped, suddenly wishing shed left when given a chance. Instead she pretended a bravado she only partially felt. I asked if it was about the masked
Fenric slapped her painfully across the face. With an explosion of movementand as though his leg had never been injuredhe rushed across the room and trapped Rose against the door. She felt his strong, bony hands upon her throat and she was soon gasping for air. Where did you hear that? he demanded, tightening his grasp and ramming her repeatedly onto the hard surface. Who told you? Who are you working for?
You! Rose gasped before her head impacted once more onto the hardwood behind her. I work for you.
Tell the truth, damn you, Fenric hissed. Who are you working for?
The letter! Rose called, afraid. She motioned towards the pocket she couldnt reach. Couldnt put it back! she sputtered, I
Fenric stopped jostling her long enough to fish for the letter in her pocket. He pulled it out, hand still tight on her throat. Rose gasped for breath, now fully aware that this man could not only command a murder, but also commit it. Her frightened heart beat out of her chest.
Fenric stared for a moment at the inked symbol on the letters face before reading the short message within. He turned it around to stare at his name, neatly penned on the front with a dozen or so changes of address alongside. Fenric wrinkled the sheet with his intense grip and held it up to Roses eyes.
Dont lie to me, he commanded, making sure she was looking at the symbol. How did you know it was a mask? How did you know it was a man?
II dont know Rose said in panic. The edges of her vision began to go dark. In that momentone so likely to be her lastshe saw that the ink looked nothing like a mask at all. If shed never had her strange dream, she wouldnt have recognized it, for no other shape looked the same. The splotch could only be the mask.
Youre lying to me, Fenric menaced. His lip was curled in a vicious snarl.
Please, Fen Rose cried, scratching fruitlessly at the old mans iron grip. Cantbreathe
The Scribe released her neck and threw her to the ground. Youll be begging to be strangled after Im finished with you! he said in a deadly soft voice. You dont want to know what Ive done to those whove lied to me. Now tell the truth.
Rose looked up at him from the floor, choking in air and fighting tears. What? she demanded defiantly. Like you tell the truth?
From outside on the deck came the Captains clear call, Ben!
Fenric ignored this. With an ease born of necessity, he knelt down beside her, hooking a strong hand under her jaw. You want to play this contest with me? Fenric growled in her face. Im far better at this game than youd want me to be. Ill start with the teeth, he said, tapping the jeweled ring of his finger upon her incisors.
I dreamed about it, Rose admitted, sobbing. It didnt matter if he thought she was crazy, it was the truth. I dreamed about a masked man after my village burned. The symbol on the page looked just like him. She shook her head, crying, I was just being stupid. It was just a nightmare.
Fenric released her jaw, seeming drawn in by this crazy tale. Where was he? the Scribe wanted to know. What did he look like?
Rose shook her head, trying to clear it. II dont know, she said honestly, trying to remember what shed seen. It was a big room. I didnt know rooms could be that big. There were giant windows thatthat reached into the sky. Chairs everywhere. Auma long walkway?
The throne room? Fenric insisted with an intensity that was no less frightening than his threats.
I dont know, Rose wailed, tearing apart her distant memories. Aa beast-man sat on one end snarling and at the other end the masked man laughed. I think there were bones. Please, Rose wept, please I dont remember anymore.
Upon seeing her tears, Fenric returned to himself. He fell back, feeling the pain of exertion on his mangled leg. No, of course you dont, he said, extending a hand to help Rose regain her feet.
Rose looked distrustfully at his offered hand, helping herself up while massaging the skin of her throat. It was just a dream, anyway, she said, wiping her eyes and nose upon her sleeve. It didnt mean anything.
That might be, Fenric said with a gentle non-commitment. He attempted to help Rose take a seat, but she shrugged from his touch. He stumbled to his cot and sat across from her, staring. Words cant express how sorry I am forfor what just happened, he said carefully, his breathing still ragged. You must understand, I dont know who I can trust.
Rose glared up at him from her newly attained seat, her chin trembling. Her hand caressed the place where bruises would soon appear.
You asked what this was tonight, and now youve discovered what exactly, Fenric allowed himself to explain. The girl that was nearly killed isnt my niece, shes
Ben! came the Captains yell, somewhat closer.
Rose, knowing the call wasnt for her, decided to ignore it. Shes what? came her frantic demand.
Heir to the throne, Fenric finished slowly, wiping the sweat of effort from his brow. You must never repeat this, he cautioned. I tell you only as a demonstration of my trustand as an apology for my doubt.
Rose nodded, unable to comprehend this new information. Heir to the throne? She, a fishermans daughter, had danced with the heir to the throne?
Remembering both the cruel laughter of the masked man and the playful sweetness of the girl, Rose could suddenly understand the justification behind Fenrics violent reaction. Despite the ache in her body, she couldnt help but agree with the Scribes monumental doubt. He did, indeed, have to be very careful in whom he laid trust. Im sorry I didnt tell you about my dream, she said.
Your dream, yes, Fenric murmured. What does it mean, that youve seen this?
That Im insane? Rose scoffed, drying her eyes.
No, Fenric said, giving her a small, uncertain grin. The crazy dont ask if theyre insane. I believe you wholeheartedly, and I apologize again.
Rose kneaded at the skin of her throat thoughtfully. Ill forgive you, she said, if you tell me what the letter says.
Fenric pursed his lips to show his disapproval, but the yellow bruise blooming across Roses neck made a strong case in her favor. Sitting before her at his small table, he passed the crumpled paper to her once more.
Rose opened it to see the symbol of the mask looking back at her, somehow more menacing than it had appeared before.
It says, Fenric said, pointing to the few letters on the page, I found one.
Before Rose could ask what this meant, Captain Kaille burst through the door. He looked upset. Benson Rose, he scolded, didnt you hear me calling for you?
Rose wiped hastily at her eyes. She felt her heart flutter, though she didnt understand the cause. Sorry, Captain, she said, eager to follow orders but reluctant to leave before her questions had been answered. She could ask later, she supposed. There was plenty of time yet with Fenric. It was time to prove herself to the Captain. She asked an eager, How can I help?
* * * * *
Dunstan entered the dimly lit sleeping chamber with a gentle call of father? He didnt wish to wake the sick man, but he hoped to share the old Masters company if so invited.
Did you have a good time, my son? came the gentle question from within his fathers four-poster bed.
Dunstan allowed himself a satisfied smile and approached, stopping only to light a candle and bring it to the nightstand. Yes father, he said, hiding the shock he always felt upon seeing his fathers weak, clammy face. It went very well.
Master Lorey stared back at his son, reading the boys unease. He waited for more, and when it didnt arrive, his eyebrows shot skywards. That cant be all, he chided. Tell me of the sights, the musicthe women. The elder Lorey winked.
Father! a reticent Dunstan whined, blushing.
Did you dance with the girl from the other day? the Master prodded. The one with a pretty name?
Pretty name? Dunstan considered, Oh, you mean Emibelle?
Thats the one, he sighed, pointing a knobbed finger. The Delahaye girl. Is she pretty?
Father, I dont want to Dunstan began a plea.
Dear boy, the old man interrupted, Im barely able to leave this bed and can no longer go out into the world without great effort. I rely on you to bring the world to me.
Dunstan swallowed his questions and complaintsswallowed also his childish prideand pulled up a seat beside his fathers sickbed. I danced with Emibelle, yes.
Thats good, Lorey sighed. Shes a gentlemans daughter, yes? Do you have any intentions on her?
What? Dunstans head jerked up. No! I
No? So decidedly he says it: no! the Master remarked. Is she not pretty enough?
Shes very pretty, as are her sisters, Dunstan allowed. He tried to think of Emibelles shiny auburn hair, her demure hand inside his, but all he could remember was the arched eyebrow of the tenacious girl in a ruffled pink dress. No, its just
Theres someone else, the Master Lorey read from his sons distracted response.
No, Dunstan insisted, embarrassed to be having this conversation before having a chance to explore his own feelings first. And I hardly think I should be forming designs on any women at the moment.
Such determined indignation, the old man found himself grinning widely. I must know, who is she?
Father Dunstan set pleading eyes upon his sire, but the latters arched brow recalled the girl at the ball all too accurately. His defenses sprung up: Shes a child, its not like that.
Youre a child, why should it be any other way? the Master asked sweetly.
Dunstan sat up straighter, Im not a child
Oh, arent you? Loreys brow shot up further.
I most certainly am not, insisted Dunstan, wanting to storm out. Children dont attend University!
I suppose not. Thats a shame, the old man said, letting his brows drop. He sank sadly into his blankets. Its the role of children to be carefree and adventurous, and I would have those things always for you, since I had so little of it myself. But as you dont want them, I suppose I must provide other things to occupy your time.
Whats that supposed to mean? Dunstan asked stiffly.
Well, among other things, I should say that I intend you to have a tutor, the Masters voice became harsher.
A tutor? came the child-like protest from Dunstan. But father! Ive already told my friends that I intend to return to University!
Youll have to un-tell them, then, the Master said sharply.
But why? Dunstan whined.
Because Im dying, boy! Lorey blurted unkindly. His features softened immediately. Im sorry. I didnt mean to tell you that way.
Father? Dunstan breathed, choking on this unwelcome information.
You cant return to university because I need you here, learning tend to my affairs. The old man looked up at his beds canopy as he said this, unable to bear the broken look upon his sons face. I regret that I need you here, but I do. I need you with me.
Dunstan swallowed with difficulty and tried to banish a mixture of unwanted emotions from his shattering heart. Of course, he said, barely hearing himself. He placed a shaking hand upon his fathers. I didnt think.
The forlorn father took a hand from beneath his sons and dropped it over top, clasping the fingers of his boy with gentle strength. It was an honest reaction, please never regret those. Master Lorey considered joining his words with a gentle smile, but it was too difficult. He removed his hand to rest on his chest and stared again at the canopy above. Youll share a tutor with the Delahayes ward, though
With Lucy? Dunstan spoke before he could stop himself. I mean, um, with Miss Helayna?
Ah, but youve met, asked the Master, happy to have stumbled upon an interesting change of subject.
Of course, Dunstan said before he could stop himself. She was His own lack of words stopped him. She waswhat? At the ball? Wearing a ridiculous pink frock? Willing to fight back with dignity and poise at unfair treatment? The most adorable blend of fire and feeling hed ever encountered?
She was? Lorey prompted.
She was Dunstan considered again, his thoughts trailing off in directions he didnt wish his father to follow.
Ah, whispered the old Master, smiling to himself. She was. I see.
* * * * *
The sea below transitioned from light blue to impenetrable black as the Turnagain and its crew passed beyond the shore. The bustle of a dozen or so shiphands during their launch had subsided. The men settled back into their daily routines.
Captain Kaille stood at the ships bow, his hand upon the pulpit rail and his gaze far distant. He considered the ship and his place upon it. The mantel of Captain wasnt a thing to be taken lightly. Though he tried to surround himself with able hands, he was nonetheless the primary person in charge of his vessels safety. Both the ship and its men had been entrusted to his care, and he took his responsibility seriously.
It pained Kaille to no end that sometimes, as a part of his leadership duties, he would have to be the arbiter of mariner justice. The lifestyle at sea required strict rules and unspoken laws that couldnt be bent for any man. A moments pain in upholding them was nothing compared to the suffering that might result from letting them pass uncorrected.
Two pairs of footsteps could be heard approaching. Kaille sighed. It was time.
Ye wanted to talk to me, Captain? asked Auk. He walked ahead of Benson Rose, whod been tasked with bringing the oily Second discreetly.
Aye, come here Auk, said Kaille, guiding the greasy man into the carved outline of the Eye. A troublesome rumor reached me this evening, one which I couldnt ignore.
Ill help how Im able, Captain, said the Second, his nervous eyes flicking towards the shipboy.
Rose couldnt help but quail under his glance. She watched the two sailors with a strange mixture of emotion. Her heart still felt a quickened beatexcitement that the Captain had called to herproof that he didnt think any less of her for breaking his shiphands nose. Yetthe set of Kailles jaw was now firm and his shoulders tense. His posture told her this encounter was to be grave.
Auk took his last steps forward with an air of submission, sensing that something was wrong.
Auk, began the Captain with some reticence, youre aware that superstitions come from a place of truth, aye?
Well, sure Captain, said Auk carefully. That makes sense.
So, when we say, for instance, that having a woman aboard brings a curse upon the ship, Kaille said, throwing out an example that made Roses heart skip a frightened beat, its in some ways an easier way of saying that having women around makes things more complicated?
More complicated? Roses eyes flew nervously between the Captain and his Second. A curse upon the ship?
II suppose, Auk said. Ive only ever heard of a curse, but I suppose if there wasnt, having a woman aboard would still be awfully difficult.
A woman as a sailor is an absurd thought, said the Captain. Rose felt her brow crease in silent disapproval, though she attempted to betray no particular feeling to this conversation. She found it harder to remain still as his lecture continued, however. Theyre not strong enoughnot smart enoughnot crude enough to fit in with a crew of men. Women as companions would be fine, I suppose, if there were enough to go around, but men become irrational around the fairer sex: they fight, they feel, they try to impress. Just imagine what would happen if a woman were to be discovered aboard. Theres no telling what kind of violence might ensue as men gave into their basest urges and fought to be with her, likely against her will.
Rose couldnt keep herself still any longer. She shuffled uncomfortably. Neither man so much as looked at her, which was the only kindness that kept her from diving headlong off the bow of the ship. Had the Captain asked her to be present for this because he wanted her to hear it? Had she been too intimate in the carriage? Had he discovered her disguise? Would they turn on her at any moment with their swords drawn, determined to destroy the female before she had a chance to curse them all?
Rose thought she might be sick. The ships gentle bobbing upon the waves brought bile to her throat, which she swallowed with great difficulty. Her rapid heart beat loudly in her ears.
That all makes fine sense, Captain, Auk said sensibly, his attempts to remain upbeat increasing Roses sense of unease.
Now consider, said Kaille carefully, if the trouble of bringing a female lover aboard was magnified tenfold by the act of making lovers of other men?
Rose, mere moments from losing the contents of her queasy stomach, felt a sudden shift. All the fluids trying to escape her throat then plummeted instead like a stone into her gut. She reeled back from the impact.
Captain Kaille hadnt called her there to expose her as a woman, after all. Hed called her there to expose Auk as aas a what? Shed yet to understand the damning nature of her testimony against the ships overbearing Second. Her lack of understanding made the act of speaking against him feel despicably wrong.
Rose knew she couldnt follow a shipmans course of work without also adopting their ideology, however. If everyone kept telling her that Auks romance with another man was the kind of thing that brought ill luck upon the ship, then perhaps it was. At the same time, she too had just been unknowingly accused of an equally terrible crime. If the Captain was right about Auk, was he also right that a woman could bring down a curse upon their ship?
For his part, Auks forehead glistened with anxious sweat. C-Captain? he stammered.
A rumor has reached me that youve been engaged in inappropriate behavior with your fellow crew member, Kaille said, voicing the accusation in its entirety. He motioned to Rose as a corroborator, but she averted her eyes in shame. How long has this been going on, Auk?
I, the oily man blubbered, nay, Id never
Dont lie to me, said the Captain. Ive trusted you with my ship and crew. It would harm me deeply if that trust were to be misplaced.
But I didnt Auk sputtered. It wasnt nothing harmful
Rose felt a shift in the wind. Hair whipped at her face, and she shivered in the chill. Looking down at the carved Eye in fear, she wondered if the sea god had just passed judgment on them. She knew, without understanding, that the greasy man had just damned himself. It felt like the sea knew as well.
You know the superstitions well enough, said Kaille, his voice gaining strength from anger. You know what fate is said to befall the ships on which one man lies with another.
Auk looked pained, his breath ragged. Aye, but
And do you wish that fate upon the Turnagain? Kaille demanded.
The Captains fury burned hot and Rose felt herself blister with guilt. If Auks crime was to knowingly engage in actions believed to bring a curse upon the ship, then she was most definitely blameworthy as well. Her mere presence was an affront to the customs and taboos that made shipboard life possible. Did staying aboard mean she wished ill upon the crew, as Kaille now said of his Second?
Of course not! Auk cried in answer to their shared dilemma.
Good, said the Captain coolly, having waited for such a denial. Then youll understand why I let Nial go before we left port.
The bile returned to Roses throat as she watched Auks heart break in front of her.
Ye what? he wailed, his savage eyes turning back to shore. Nay! Nay, ye couldnt!
To Roses relief, the broken Auk jerked himself from the bow and ran blindly aft, his plea repeated to the gusting winds. She collapsed upon the rail and gasped in great breaths, grasping once more at her bruised throat, which was now strangled with emotion. She saw the Captain take off after the sobbing Second, and, through her tears, discerned that she was supposed to follow.
They chased him to the aft rail where Auk threw himself bodily into the sturdy wooden barrier holding him back from the sea. His face streamed with snot and tears as he turned to demand, Ye must turn round! He pummeled the rail again and again. Please, Captain
I considered leaving both of you, Kaille informed the broken mess of a man. But for your sake, I thought it best to remove yourtemptation. If you wish to continue working as a sailor, this is aa habitthat needs breaking.
Auk shook his head, his limbs shaking for lack of air. Please turn round, he said plaintively. I beg ye. I love him, Captain. I beg ye.
Rose clasped her hands upon her own grief-ridden face, and she watched the Captain through her fingers. He was disappointed by Auks response, she could see, and his jaw worked against the yell he held in.
You may swim back to shore if youd rather choose to live this crime, said the Captain dismissively, as though he no longer cared if his Second lived or died. Our journey turns for no man.
The Captains fiery glare fell upon Rose. She held her hands tightly over her sobbing face. Though she tried to meet Kailles ire-filled eyes, Auk spoke four final words in a voice so heart-wrenching that she could suffer it no longer.
But I cant swim he whimpered, looking desperately back to shore.
Rose turned on her heals and threw up over the side of the ship.
She didnt know how she felt about the idea of a man loving another man. She hadnt cared to think about how such things even worked. What she did know was that Auk, who now stood at the ships rail like a man half-dead, was actively considering whether or not to throw himself from the ship and into certain death rather than live without the person he loved. She knew how he felt, and wondered daily what rash actions she might take if told the location of her lost brother.
Roses heart bled for the greasy Second. She leaned back on the rail, wiping a rough hand against her dripping mouth, and looked up to see the Captain watching her with concern. He seemed to almost regret his actions, his eyes betraying the heartbreak he felt in causing another person such pain.
Upon finding himself under inspection, however, the Captain hid this display of humanity. You, Benson Rose, he commanded, youll take Crickets place as shiphand. Youve done well.
Despite the regret shed seen in his eyes, Rose cowered from the Captains praise. She felt her stomach heave to release its contents once more, and she turned back to the sea, choking upon her own guilt and fear.
* * * * *
For once, Sara was happy when her Landlord called upon them. She was eager to hear news of Haskal Brockhammond. So it was that when a knock came at the door, she answered it excitedly.
Has Haskal called? she demanded of Pella.
Be thankful that he hasnt, said Pella, pushing his way inside. And pray to your canyon gods that hes forgotten you.
Saras heart, which had raced all day at the thought of the noblemans son, was stilled immediately by the Landlords sour words. Why would I pray for that? Hes a fine lord and master of this city, Sara said. Hes a credit to
Have you seen this city? Pella demanded. Its full of poverty and fear. That should tell you all you need to know about any Brockhammond.
Sara crossed her arms and looked at him angrily. What would you know? You came from a jungle where you lived in boats, she said dismissively.
And you come from a desert where you made a living from boats, Pella said rudely. The question is two sided.
Kentshore isnt a desert Sara began to argue.
Tobi pushed at her sister. You always fight, Sara, she said in her disapproving childs voice. Hes my friend and I want to hear a jungle story.
A jungle story, little one? asked Pella, taken aback. I dont know any.
Everyone knows stories, Tobi insisted, rushing to her mothers feet. She grabbed her Mamas cold hand and looked at their landlord, face eager with anticipation.
Pella gave Sara one last, measuring look, then went to sit opposite the girl and her mother. He examined the pair thoughtfully and turned his gaze to the fire.
Sara was about to leave the room, but then he began to speak.
There were once two banya trees that grew very tall, he said. Banya trees are rare, you see, and so they were the joy of the village of Larami, for they reached halfway to the sun and carried their peoples prayers up and up, and into the court of the Sun King. Thats why the people called them Prayer Trees.
The reason these fine trees could grow so tall was because the village had been blessed. For many years it had been home to the most beautiful spirit of the four winds, named Rama, who brought the banya seeds from far away. She danced around the trees every day, helping them grow strong. She would smile upon them and call their ancient names, Titania grow, you marvelous thing. Uciva up, and let your heart sing! The village of Larami fell deeply in love with their wind spirit, and they were happy for many years.
If a village has only ten people in it, however, said Pella darkly, it can be guaranteed that one of the ten will harbor a greedy soul. In a larger village, as was Larami, there were several such men, who loved their Prayer Trees but couldnt hear the song of Rama. The leaders name was Pio. When all the other villagers joined in the joyous dance, Pio and his men would take their boats to the mouth of the river and wait.
After a time, from their place upriver, theyd begin to hear laughter. As they waited, the cackling jackals would appear, first one and then another, until there were seven in all. They would gently make their way from branch to branch, their mottled fur reflected in the water below. In their reflection, however, they looked like snakes. From their perches above, the jackals would surround the men in their boats, and theyd talk of things near and far, their harsh laughter peeling through the forest.
The jackals rarely brought up the subject of Laramis prayer trees, but when they did, they would point out that Larami, located upon a deep bend in the river, was an unhealthy spot for the coveted banya trees. They grow tall while still saplings, said the Jackal Kisko, but as they get older the roots will become waterlogged and theyll slowly die. They might grow well in other villages, but no one will want them once theyre old, you must sell them now.
Pio and the greedy men, who were eager to keep their precious prayer trees in good health but also excited by the prospect of easy gold, saw the wisdom in this. Next time the council of elders met, the topic of moving the trees was brought up.
The trees are young still, said June, how can we tell if they would even want to move? Lets ask Rama, shell know what to do.
Why would you ask a wind spirit? demanded Pio. What does she know about water and roots? Were the Keepers of the River Forest, we must do what is best for us and the Sun King.
There are things more important than the Sun King, argued Kri. Weve nurtured these prayer trees. They depend on us.
You should be drowned with your canoe! yelled Tippi. Theres nothing more important than the Sun King!
Eventually, the council agreed to appeal to Ramas wisdom. You cant move them to the jackals home, she said. The waters putrid there. They wont survive.
Trees survive everywhere. We are, after all, in a forest, said Pio.
The village of Larami grieved, but they agreed with Pio that the future of their banyas was of the utmost importance. They decided to sell the tallest tree, Titania. The men worked day and night for several days, diving deep into the river forest and digging up Titanias roots. There was a procession of boats that floated the tree through the woods, its branches veiled against the grasping forest. They knew they approached the jackals roundabout because the laughter grew louder. Shivers were sent up the spines of many in the procession, but they knew the jackals couldnt help being what they were. With heavy hearts, the people of Larami transferred care of Titania, and turned their boats around.
Many months later, the Jackals invited Pio for dinner. As he approached their town in his canoe, he saw the prayer tree at its center. To his relief, Titania seemed to be doing very well. The tree had flowered prettily and had grown stouter. Pio was pleased and took this news back to Larami. On hearing that their prayer tree was thriving, they agreed that it would be best to move the other as well.
Rama objected at once. I forbid it! Uciva was always smaller. Shes precious to me and mustnt be sold!
Pio, angry at the wind spirits presumptions, pulled back a fist and dealt her a heavy blow. The prayer trees arent yours, and they thrive elsewhere. They belong to Larami. They were your gift, and a gift is no longer your property. Theyre not yours to keep or dispose of.
Uciva is too young, roared the spirit. You cant do this!
How long do we wait, then? demanded Pio. Until Uciva is old and no one wants it? Until our deep waters have caused it to rot and decay?
Uciva wont rot and decay if we love it, said the spirit.
All things rot and decay. Even wind spirits, Pio said spitefully. Especially this one.
Rama rushed at him, devastated by his words, but Pio was stronger. They struggled, a battle of wind and body, until Pio took out his broad knife and chopped off the head of the rebellious wind spirit.
With even greater pomp and ceremony, the second Banya tree was transferred upstream. The people of Larami returned to their homes, sad for themselves, but hearts full for the futures of their precious Prayer Trees. They celebrated with the gold theyd been given for the Banyasa party that lasted several months.
One day, nearly a year later, Pio paddled to the Jackals home to visit the Prayer Trees. To his astonishment he found that Titania had grown stout, no longer reaching skywards, put growing thick, like any other tree. Its pretty flowers had grown brittle and wan. Not seeing Uciva, Pio rushed around in a panic. He demanded to see the smallest Prayer Tree. Laughing, the Jackals pointed to a pile of firewood in the back of their hut.
Slowly realizing the great tragedy he had caused, Pio dug into the wood pile until he had found every last piece of his villages beloved Uciva. Saying a blessing over each piece, he tossed them into the river, so that the vile jackals could no longer gain any benefit.
Then, getting in his canoe, Pio paddled away. The jackals followed for a time, laughing at him from the tree branches, but soon he was far away, heading out to sea, where he hoped to drown and forget his sorrows.
That was a sad story, said Tobi, wiping her eye upon her mothers hand.
Its a true story, said Pella.
Sara, holding back tears herself, warned, Dont listen to him, Tobi. Hes so full of nonsense. How could that have been true? It was about wind spirits and talking dogs.
The story is true because, when bad things happen, sometimes its easier to tell ones life through symbols and metaphor, Pella said harshly, chastising Sara for her interruption. He stepped from his chair and took their mothers two hands in his own. Meeting her dead eyes, he explained, Rama, you see, was my wife, Titania was my daughter, and Uciva was my little girl.
Who were the jackals? asked Tobi.
They were my brothers, Pella said in answer.
And you were Pio? Sara inquired, her heart stony.
Dont say that! Tobi cried. He wasnt Pio!
No, Im not Pio, said Pella softly. Im Larami, young one. I was both my protector and my destroyer. Squeezing their Mamas hands, he told her, Youre not like me, little dove. What happened to your family wasnt your fault.
Sara watched him with hatred, her gaze on the hand that caressed her mothers arm. She couldnt tell if she hated him more now that she knew what hed done or if shed hated him all along for trying to take on the role that belonged to her father.
Get out, she said. Her voice was quiet and threatening. When Pella heard it, he knew not to argue.
He kissed their mothers hand and left without a word.
Why are you so mean to him? Tobi asked once he was gone. Hes so nice.
You think so? Sara asked, her voice still hushed. Then you werent listening to his story.
The lights were soon to go out, but none of the three slept. That night, however, their Mama was quiet.
* * * * *
Moonlight happened at the end of the world. Twins, a boy and girl, sat back to back, staring out in opposite directions. Theyd been sitting silently for as long as they could remember, and yet for no time at all.
Hes not very nice, said the boy finally, your Captain.
The girl would never admit that she agreed. Its his job to carry his men safely across a cruel sea. How could either of us possibly know what that entails?
Youre right, Benson said quickly. I dont know anything about war either, but I suppose raiding fishing villages is a tough job. We really shouldnt be upset that our town was set on fire. How could we even imagine what kind of hardships being a barbarian demands?
Rose heard the unmistakable sarcasm in her brothers voice and resented it. Shut up, Benson, she said severely.
I dont like them, he said anyway. Youre getting pulled into things so far out of your depth. Maybe you shouldve stayed in Kentshore with Mama and Sara.
Swallowing the lump in her throat, Rose wondered if she agreed. Her light-hearted romp into the world of sailing ships had become unspeakably serious in the course of a couple hours. She could feel an itching desire in the center of her bones. She wanted to run.
More than that, however, she wanted to know. More than that, she wanted to stay.
Hes not a bad person, Rose said with a finality that didnt invite response.
Benson didnt offer one. She read disapproval in his silence and found that she didnt care.
This is my life, Benson, she said tersely. My life. And if I
Want to rub elbows with murderers and stone-hearted
I do not rub elbows with murderers! Rose cried. Fenric wasnt trying to kill the girl
He tried to kill you, Rose, said Benson, turning his head around sharply to catch a glimpse of his sister. Isnt that bad enough?
She was silent for a moment. Fenric had tried to strangle her, it was true. But he had a good reason, she said softly, massaging her purpled throat.
There is no good reason, Benson said in disgust.
Rose thought of the girl in pink and wondered if his words were true. Shed always thought the way Benson thought, had always seen things with the same clear and condemning conviction he now expressed, but she didnt feel the same surety anymore. There may not have been a good reason for Fenric to lay hands on her, but did that necessarily make the act evil? Rose couldnt help feeling his actions had been nothing more than a mistake. Yetshe feared the Scribe now, and maybe that had been part of his plan.
Trying to disguise her shiver of dread inside a laugh, Rose threw back her head and asked, Did you see me hit Cricket? I got him good.
Yes, replied Benson. You could take his place as bully with a punch like that.
Rose frowned at the thought. Never! she cried. Why would I ever want to be like him? Im not a bully.
I think you have a younger sister whod disagree with you, chided Benson.
Who, Sara? Rose asked, picturing her pretty little sister. She doesnt count.
Benson laughed, leaving his twins reaction where it was.
Rose wondered about Sara and their mother. She hoped things were well with them, even though she had no desire to go back and find out. Shed done all she could for themgiven them the best tools availableand therefore the best chance at survival.
Thinking about her distant family, she thought of her brother once more.
I dont know what Id do without this place, she said, looking around at the moonlit site of their meetings. Why wont you tell me how to find you?
Why, do you have your own ship to bring to my rescue already? he asked wryly.
No, she replied, indignant. But if I knew where to go I could get on another ship and
And leave your precious Captain? Benson asked. I dont think you would. Besides, youre not ready to know where I am.
Whats that supposed to mean? Rose cried, blushing at the thought of the Captain and unable to answer that particular accusation. Im ready! she sputtered eventually.
Then youll have to wait for my sake, he said sadly. Im not ready.
Rose didnt know what this meant either. Rather than dwell on Bensons reluctance to speak, she thought about the Captain. She was becoming too close to him, in this her brother was right. It would be best if she left the Turnagain at the next port, saving the ship from the curse of having a woman aboard and herself from drowning in the kingdoms politics. But could she leave the Captain?
Rose tried to think only of the things she didnt like. She tried to think of the Captains hardened face as he told a heartbroken man he was to be separated from the person he loved. She tried to focus on this, but kept thinking instead of him working, his strong body flexing under the humid, sun-drenched sky.  She saw his smile as he teased his shiphands. She saw him in the carriage, and remembered how he held her while she cried. She feared him, just a little, it was true, but she loved him so much more.
Rose rifled through these strange new feelings for some time before realizing that Bensons weight was still resting upon her back.
Usually some terrible magic has tried to steal you away by now, she said to herself.
Why would it need to? he replied, equally as quiet. Were already so far apart.
The twins stared ahead, gazes opposite, bodies warming one another, together and yet inexorably alone.
*

Chapter 15:
The Children
* * * * *
The King and the Lion-Guardian
A Tale of the Second Mallar
Royal Rites and Stories
Edited by Ershivarld Tumberlin
*
Before the Piper was King, he was the son of a traveling minstrel who took the boy across the realm and over again, during which time he learned the Songs of the Provinces. After the Piper was King, he would make time each year to return to one land or another, to learn new songs and recall old ones.
In the grasslands of Sedalia he sat for several days upon a hill, so as to hear the melody of the wind. Little did he know that he was being stalked by a hungry lion.
Just when the lion was about to pounce, the Piper took out his flute and played the song hed heard flowing through the grasses. The great cat fell back in confusion. Hed never heard such strange and wonderful noises.
Circling around the man, a low growl in his throat, the lion listened to the song of his land. The Piper saw him, and began to play songs of other lands. The music led the great beast so gently from place to place around the kingdom, that the lion soon felt as though hed seen all the world, and had become very wise.
The Piper King set down his instrument and prepared to leave the grassland, but the lion wouldnt have it. Hed only just learned to journey through songs, and wasnt about to give the experience up now.
Unworried by the impressively large creature, the Piper invited the beast to come with him. The lion was unsurehe was very important among his lion brothersbut when he heard that the Piper needed a guardian for his newborn son, the creature agreed.
The boy was still an infant when the two returned to the palace, and he was inseparable from his Lion-Guardian from that day forth. The feline raised the boy dutifully, allowing him to get into troublebut never too muchand making sure he got enough practice on his pipes.
When the Prince became King, the Lion-Guardian was raised to the role of Adviser. He was clad in purple velvet waistcoats and was seen walking on his hind paws through the palace. He was frequently to be found in deep conversation with the young monarch, his tail and walking stick working hard to maintain a precarious balance.
The King ruled his kingdom with the same kindness and strength as his beloved father, but the people grew nervous that he remained unmarried. The Lion-Guardian, having been without a wife of his own since coming to live at the palace, knew how lonely the boy must feel, and he encouraged his King to find a good woman.
Because he wanted only the deepest love for his boy, the lion called forth women from all over the kingdom, hoping that the best choice might be found among them. Women streamed in from across the realm, eager to please the King and his Lion-Guardian.
The festivals proceeded for many weeks, and the lion came to think highly of a particular girl. She was black-haired and plain, a merchants daughter, but her heart was so full of love that the two became good friends. She never shied away from his sharp teeth and always had a kind word and smile for him.
The King, however, found his attention fixed upon another girl. She was a Princess, tall and beautiful, with shimmering golden locks and sensual blue eyes. She was also very possessive. He loved her immediately, and refused to look at any other girl. As a result, all the others were sent away.
The Lion-Guardian appealed to the merchants daughter, begging her to stay, though she was told to leave with the rest. He smelled something strange around the all-too-perfect Princess, and wanted a better girl for his King.
As their courtship progressed, the King no longer had time for his Adviser, nor the patience to listen to the lions contrary advice. The Princess, instead, was the one whose whispers fell into the Kings ears. Their wedding was soon announced and the palace was decorated.
On the eve of the nuptials, the Lion-Guardian could sense that something was wrong. He rose from his velvet bed and trotted silently down the hallways, coming to stop outside the Princesss door. He heard strange chanting coming from within, and pushed the door open a sliver to peak. He saw a hideous Sorceress who shared many characteristics with the Princess. She was waving her arms above a smoldering cauldron and hissing frightening words into the flames.
The Lion-Guardian ran to the Kings chambers, demanding to be heard at once. Unaccustomed to rudeness from his childhood friend, the King admitted him and listened as the great cat described what hed seen. The King thought his friend must be mistaken, so they rushed down to the Princesss chambers and knocked upon her door.
She opened it, as beautiful as ever, and the lion roared. Show yourself! he demanded, taking her silken gown into his ferocious teeth and tugging forcefully.
The Princess screamed in fear and fell upon her betrothed. The King demanded his guards to remove the lion by force. The mighty feline roared in protest, insisting that the King was being tricked by a Sorceress.
Denying any such thing, the Princess demanded that the Lion-Guardian be put to death as a punishment. Though the King was heartbroken, the spell upon him was too strong, and the lion was immediately led out to the courtyard, where a bridal dais had been built. They ascended it, the lion surrounded on either side by men with sharp spears, while the smug Princess looked on.
Kill me if you must, said the Lion-Guardian, meeting the Kings cold eyes, but you will see your wife first.
With that, the lion lunged forward and bit the Sorceress. Many spears stabbed through his dense pelt as he did so, and he died in moments. Where hed bitten the Princess, however, her golden locks began to transform into a rough, straw-like yellow. Her skin boiled and her features thickened, and she became very ugly indeed.
The King stepped back, horrified. The spell had been broken, and he saw his intended bride for what she was. All love having disappeared, he immediately had her executed for being a liar and the cause of his Lion-Guardians death.
The King noticed that the merchants daughter whom the lion had praised came to mourn the felled beast, and he too fell in love with her large heart.
Knowing now that his Lion-Guardian had been right all along, he burned his friends body on a tall pyre, sending out word for all to hear that his childhood companion had saved the kingdom from an evil Sorceress. He married the Lion-Guardians choice and loved her with the ferocity of a Lion King, so that his dear companion would never be forgotten.
* * * * *
Teagan the dreaming boy heard the sound of waves shifting from where his cat-body crouched in the twilight of a warm, breezy evening. His slitted yellow eyes widened as the hour grew dim, and his orange tail twitched lazily.
You again, thought the cat from inside their shared body without question or surprise.
The boy neither said nor felt a thing, but simply was. He felt a breeze on the cats fur, accompanied by the salty smell of warm sea air. The creaking of a sailing ship filled his feline ear.
Youre a long way from home, cat, thought the boy. Recalling that hed heard music for dancing mere hours before.
Delighted as he was that the feline had charmed his way onto a sailing ship, he was saddened not to hear the music. It had trickled through his mind as he ate his dinner, the soft strings and pleasant one-two-three so unlike Bruinbaks piercing flutes, pounding drums, and guttural chanting. Hed wanted to hear it again as he slept, hoping to recall why it tugged at his memory. It almost reminded him
Teagan felt his mind reset itself, as though his entire soul had blinked
The music reminded him of his childhoodnot in the icy expanses of Bruinbak, but in a more temperate land. Thered been one party in particularthe last partyof which he could still remember a few scant details. He recalled jumping up and down excitedly, childish and eager to join in the festivities. His nurse had pulled him back. She laughed at him with her wonderful teasing eyes, picking him up and twirling him about until he squealed with joy.
Teagan listened through the cats ears to the gentle sea noises surrounding them, the sounds of that distant party still echoing through his mind. Hed already begun tuning them out. After that night, so long ago, his world had become silent. People spoke, but he didnt care to hear.
It was the last of his happy memories.
The party had erupted suddenlyhad transformed instead into fire and fear. The rosy-cheeked nurse had grabbed him roughlymore roughly than she ever had beforeand carried him through the fire. Theyd traveled down and down, descending into the darkness. He couldnt have guessed how long theyd trudged through the maze-like underbelly of the city. It seemed after awhile as though hed always been there. When theyd emerged, hed been packed onto a boat. Before he understood what was happening, hed been dumped into the care of a hulking barbarian in an icy land.
Teagan remembered how his sweet nurse had fretted over him in the few months before she died. She worried that he no longer spokeno longer seemed to understand the speech of others. Shed told him within the first hours that his new guardians name was Briggan, which was lucky, because he wouldnt have cared enough to learn it later.
The nurse was now namelessit had long-since ceased to matter. What she didnt understand was that, like his own small world, Teagans soul had been filled first with fire at the loss of his loved ones, and then with ice when he knew they were gone. With her death, his isolation was complete. All was cold. All was empty.
If youre going to be such a blue mouse, you can leave now, thought the cat, purring amongst a coil of cordage. A night like this is no place for such thoughts.
I didnt mean to Teagan began.
Never mind! the cat cried, seeing a sea bird land on a line in the distance. Sky mouse! Must go, must go!
Though he wanted to follow, Teagan felt an overwhelming push to wake. His new guardian, a man so like Briggan that he considered attaching the name anew, shoved at him rudely. The boy had fallen asleep in front of his dinner bowl, it seemed, utensil still clutched in his left, non-bandaged hand.
The new Briggans voice was gruff, his brow disapproving. He seemed nervous also, but Teagan didnt care enough to be observant. He looked down at his bowl of brown stew, feeling suddenly very loose in his own skin.
He wondered where the ice bear cub had gone.
Head full of questions, Teagan looked up to see his new guardian sit up in surprise. The mans wide-eyed gaze was unbelievingand then it was hollow. He fell forward into his dinner, revealing a maliciously curved knife driven deep into the hunters back.
Teagan, surprised but unafraid, observed the knife from blade to hilt, then followed its lines up to the blades owner: a man whose face was cleft it two. The man sneered at him once more within the small, dark hut. He continued staring with this sickening smile, then stepped aside to reveal his companion.
Through the entrance came a figure in an asymmetrical mask, his voice rumbling with maliciously quiet laughter. He nodded to the Cleft Man, who withered grossly under such praise, clearly subservient.
Teagan didnt know who the masked man was. He barely registered the death of his guardian. He had no way of knowing whether or not to run or to stay. Though he felt uneasy about the man whod been cut in two, he didnt know if that was because of his frightening appearance or his very presence as a portent of change.
The masked man spoke, but the boy didnt understand. He didnt care to. He watched blankly as the two intruders exchanged words.
When the masked man motioned for Teagan to get up, however, the boy chose to follow, just as hed done in every day of his young memory.
* * * * *
A messenger on horseback rushed down the deserted country lane, a pressing letter held in the satchel at his side. He urged his mount forward, past a grove of apple trees, and spotted the lit window of his destination through the darkness.
Bringing his horse to a stop, the messenger alit, stepping urgently toward the small farmhouse, and knocked forcefully upon the door.
Mister Tameny? he asked when a gray-haired man appeared in the entry.
Yes, said the man, confused to find himself disturbed at such a late hour.
A message for you, said the horseman, removing the package from his bag.
From whom? asked Tameny, taking the letter and examining it thoughtfully. He handed the messenger a couple coins for his service.
Dont know, sir, said the messenger, already re-mounting his horse. Came from a long ways, though.
Thank you, said Tameny. He waved his thanks to the horseman and took his parcel inside.
A tall boy, nearly a man, was watching as Mr. Tameny settled himself back by the fire.
Who was it, Papa? asked the boy, his son.
Mister Tameny didnt answer. He stared for a time at the letter, taking in the looped calligraphy of his name, which had been penned hastily on the front. Without ceremony, he tore the note open, allowing a small golden button to fall to the table with a weighty thud.
The boy jumped up, grabbing the shiny piece. Its the Piper, he said in awe, examining the small bird of the buttons crest. He looked at the letter, his worst fears coming true. What does it say, Papa?
Mister Tameny considered not telling his son. He considered throwing the letter into the fire and following it with that damned golden button. And if it wouldnt melt, thought the man, he could toss it into the deepest part of the lake for good measure.
Instead, feeling a sense of duty overcome his fears, Mister Tameny lifted the letter, held it to the light of the fire, and scanned his eyes over the familiar symbols of their secret code. He read aloud:
To Mister Tameny and Son,
Ive repeated your names every day these past ten years, all in preparation for writing this lettera task Id hoped to never do.
Its my regret that I couldnt wear the mantle of the fallen heir for longer than I have. If this letter has reached you, however, then I must now be treading the path of our ancestors into the underworld. Ill choose to assume that, after years of service to my country, Ive now found peace.
Theres no doubt youre a clever manyou wouldnt have been selected for this assignment otherwiseso I wont be so boorish as to remind you of the task at hand.
Forgive me, but it feels so strange to speak of the summons! I dont remember getting it, of courseit was my father who did thatbut it changed my life forever. (Theres no way for you to know this, Mister Tameny, but Ive just paused in my writing for some moments. Its the first time in many years, you see, that Ive called my guardian Father.) Ive grown up with the mission. Its all I know.
You may choose to pass on this task, perhaps sending just such a letter onto the next pair of man and boy. Ive often found myself wishing wed done this. If you choose to accept the Path, however, its your duty to move about often. You must be seen and, on occasion, be followed. If we, the pretenders, can keep the heir-hungry wolves at bay, then perhaps we give the true heir his or her best chance at survival.
I wonder who you arethe unfortunate souls at the other end of this address. I suppose its no matter. Within hours youll be as I was. Were one and the same. I hope you will be of stout heart and choose to carry on what I and untold others have begun. I wish you fortune and I wish you stealth, and I beg your leave to sign off with a name I havent used in years.
Yours Sincerely, Ymus Darville.
What is it, Papa? asked the boy, though he knew all too well.
Its a Summons, said Mr. Tameny out of ceremony. And Im no longer your Papa, nor are you my son.
I didnt think itd ever come, said the boy, bowing his head at the weight of this task. I dared it to, for the sake of adventure. I thought Id feel brave. But now that its hereI feel frightened.
As do I, my boy, said Mister Tameny. But we must do what we must. It would do us well to begin planning immediately.
The boy blinked. It all seemed too sudden. Cant we have one more night?
I wish it with all my heart, said the boys father, relinquishing over the course of a long exhale any claim upon his own life, but we have a job to do. Now tell me, boy, who am I?
Papa, please, the boy begged. Im not ready.
Theres no such thing as being ready, said Mister Tameny. Thats why we must be quick. Who am I?
Youre Fenric, answered the boy. A Scribe.
Good, said the man newly named Fenric. And who are you?
The boy looked down at the button hed grabbed. He rubbed his thumb across the golden imprint and thought, for one delirious moment, that he heard the Pipers song. Im Lucivak, he answered, Prince of Peace.
* * * * *
There was a tired kind of quiet in the Delahaye girls dressing room as they tugged their way out of corsets and curls, yawning all the while. Adeline hadnt lifted a finger to help the entire time, having collapsed in an exhausted heap on the fainting couch.
How did it go with young Master Lorey, Emibelle? asked Simone with a yawn. I thought I saw you dancing together quite often. He was an agreeable partner.
It was wonderful, said Emibelle, tugging a brush through her hair, until Lucy came up and said something stupid. I think he found it so unpleasant to be addressed so impertinently by a child that he wanted to leave. It certainly wasnt anything I did.
It wasnt my fault he was rude, said Lucy in her own defense. He seems just your type of person, Emi.
Simone glanced at her foster sister and gave her a small wink. Im sure our Lucy was the very spirit of kindness. She said to their ward, And Im so glad you came to join us, pink frock or no.
Me too, Lucy said heartily. And it was fine. I think once I let go of my self-consciousness, I had as much fun as if I was wearing the finest gown in the land.
I thought you looked pretty, Lucy, came a yawning voice from the couch. Adeline, they all saw, was giving yet another attempt at wakefulness.
Thank you, Adi, said Lucy. I thought you looked like a little princess.
Adeline, mouth open in a wide yawn, asked happily, I did?
Youre going to give her a complex, said Emibelle tartly, slamming her brush down onto the vanity table. She stood and headed for the door, Im going to finish in my room.
And Im going to take the princess to bed, said Lucy, lifting the small auburn Adeline in her arms and padding down the hall.
She laid the sleeping girl in her bed and tucked her in neatly, listening for a while to Adelines soft breathing. Wracked by a gigantic yawn of her own, Lucy kissed the girls forehead and headed back to her room.
Her chambers were still in shambles. Propped upon the seat where shed left it was her overflowing box of toys. Lucys intention had been to throw them out, or perhaps burn them, but she looked at them anew, seeing each treasure and trinket as a thing to hold dear.
At the top of the pile was a stuffed doll in the shape of a lion. Lucy smiled as fond memories flooded through her mind. It was her Lion-Guardian, a toy given to Illian children in their infancies to protect them throughout their young years. She placed it lovingly on her pillow with a gentle, I think Ill still be needing your counsel, Vitus.
She thought of her offer to play King and Lion-Guardian with the chestnut-colored boy from the high-heather bush. She would never have guessed then that hed turn out to be Emibelles lackey. It was a shame toohe was such a handsome boy. Lucy wondered if her scornful words had succeeded in penetrating his thick skull, but then she grew tired of wondering. Shed wasted enough time worrying about the boy whod insulted her.
Rifling through the box, she lifted from it dolls and costume pieces. Though they werent played with as often as theyd once been, each still held its own character in her mind, its own history of stories.
As she grabbed a handful of costume pieces, she felt a strange weight. Lucy rustled through the other garments to find a large golden hoop she barely recalled. It must be, she thought, hefting it, pure gold.
Not sure what the hoop might be, Lucy examined it. There was an intricate pattern beaten painstakingly into the soft metal, creating the impression that two circling feathers had suddenly been turned into gold.
Slowly, as though she knew what she was doing, Lucy brought the hoop up to her head. She lowered it down upon her mahogany locks, feeling the weight of it settle onto herlike a part of her.
Stepping back to the looking glass, Lucy examined her reflection thoughtfully. The golden crown twinkled at her benignly in the candlelight. Its weight was reassuring, an indication that things were as they were supposed to be, but it was also frightening. It spoke to her of change, reminding her for a second time that night of the assassins and responsibilities that awaited just past the horizon.
Slowly, with a deliberate hand, Lucy removed the golden loop from her head. She placed it carefully on the table in front of her and then looked up, staring back into her own grey eyes.
The girl asked her mirrored self, Who are you?
The reflection chose to keep its secret.
*

Book 3: 
The Lovers Shadow and the Lie
* * * * *
Who is the man locked in the trunk?
Will Rose be able to discover who he works for?
Thrust into a world halfway between dreams and reality, Rose and her garden of allies travel to Illiamnas capital city in The Lovers Shadow and the Lie, where they will seek romance, mystery, and the man behind the mask.
*

About the Author
Jackie McCarthy lives, works, sails, paints, writes, runs, and feels inspired in New York City. Jackie welcomes all feedback and questions at:
the.roses.garden.and.the.sea@gmail.com
*
