

The End
By Craig Hole


Copyright 2014 Craig Hole
Smashwords Edition


Smashwords Edition License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or distributed without the express consent of the author. If youre reading this book and did not purchase it then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of the author.

There was noise coming in through the black.  The sound of cars running, the ticking of an engine cooling, the shuffling of feet and, faintly, the sound of people yelling.
He opened his eyes, he was lying on some grass, better than the pavement he had been on before, not sure how he got here.  Something was starting to come back, a memory accompanied by fear, panic and pain.  All he could focus on was the grass, it was all he could see.  His vision was blurry, for some reason his eyes werent working right.  
That was making him nauseous so he closed his eyes again.  The light coming through his eyelids, reminding him he was alive.  
He inhaled, and the pain came back, a red warning through his body.  Sharp and insistent, not stopping.  Only increasing.  Panic overtook him as he realized that something was terribly wrong.  It kept getting worse, spreading like fire in an old house.  Consuming every good feeling that was left in him.
The fear that the pain brought was almost worse, a sweat on his forehead, a tremble in his limbs.  He couldnt shake it, he couldnt figure out why he felt like this, how he had arrived here and what was going on.  
The light that had been breaking through his eyelids began to fade, black encircled it and consumed it.  In the distance he could hear a voice, female, beautiful, calling his name, sounding scared.  Peter

Exam Room 3
Dr. Lawson, you have a patient waiting in room 3, Jenny said.  She was on the last hour of her eight-hour shift and was looking forward to going home eating some Thai food, taking a shower to wash the hospital smell off before she took a hot bath to loosen her muscles and hopefully relieve the pain in her feet. 
Okay, let me see the chart, Peter said taking it from Jenny and walking toward the room.
He stopped before entering, the chart had nothing on it.  The name was John Doe, not uncommon with the rise of the meth epidemic.  People were often dropped here in the middle of a psychological breakdown brought on by weeks of not sleeping and would refuse to give their name, or be unable to.  Usually the fact that they were a druggie would be pretty obvious and the nurses would indicate it on the chart.
This John Does chart was blank, nothing written on it other than the details of admission.  He had just walked into the hospital and collapsed on the floor in the middle of the emergency department.  He was fully conscious and there was no medical reason for him collapsing.
Although he suspected Schizophrenia that was also obvious to admitting doctors, but nothing was written.
Why is the chart blank? he asked.
Dont know, they just sent him up here, he wont talk he wont do anything, Jenny said.
Well I guess all we can do is take a look at him, Peter said as he opened the door into the exam room, hi Im doctor Lawson, how are you feeling today? he asked the man sitting on the exam table.
The man was well dressed, well groomed, and looked like an average upstanding citizen.  This threw Peter off even more, he was expecting someone looking more like a typical homeless person.  The man on the table was staring at him and breathing in short rapid shallow breaths.  He was making eye contact though, which was a good sign.
Okay, I just want to let you know that youre in a safe place, I am a doctor and I am here to help, Peter said.
Jenny was in the room with him as well.  This was protocol when a patient was non-communicative yet fully conscious.  No one could be sure if he was dangerous or not so no one was left alone with him.
How did you get here? Peter asked.  The man made no response but movement in his eyes and a slight twitch in his mouth signaled that he had heard him.
Do you have a wallet or drivers license I could take a look at?  To see who you are and call someone to come be with you, Peter asked.  
The man still did not move.
Im going to check your pockets okay?  Dont be scared Im not going to hurt you youre in a safe place. Peter slowly moved toward him maintaining eye contact.  He felt the outsides of the mans pockets for any signs of a wallet, he felt nothing, the man still did not move.
Did emerge find anything? he asked Jenny.
No, no wallet, no keys nothing, Jenny said.  She was on edge a little more than usual, this patient was making her feel weird.  Her few years working the psyche word told her that something was not right here.
Can you tell me what happened? Peter asked.
The mans breath caught in his throat.  He stopped breathing, then took a deep breath and let it out slowly.  This was followed by a sigh, which was then followed by another deeper slower breath.
Its okay, we are here to help, Im Doctor Lawson and this is Jenny, youre safe, Peter said. Now can you tell me anything?
The man looked at him, looked and Jenny and motioned his head toward the door.
I think he wants you to leave, Peter was still making eye contact with the man.
But sir, thats against protocol, Jenny said, secretly welcoming the opportunity to extract herself from the mans gaze.
I know, but I think Im starting to make progress, just leave and stand right outside the door.
Okay, but in five minutes Im coming back in, she said as she moved toward the door.
Thats fine, Peter said as Jenny left.
Now can you tell me anything?
The man motioned Peter to come closer, Peter complied although he was conscious to keep a certain distance between them.
I can tell you everything.
***
His eyes opened again, the pain had dulled a little.  His memories were beginning to return.  He still could not focus with his eyes, all he could see were blades of grass.  He now remembered his name, and why he was in so much pain, there had been an accident.  
He could see movement in the distance, a person running toward him.  A woman, his wife, she was okay.  Was she even in the accident?  What kind of accident had it been?  He still couldnt remember, but seeing her, seeing Alicia made him feel good.  The panic was going away, maybe everything would be okay now that she was here.  She always made him feel happy, ever since he had laid eyes on her.  
Oh god Peter, he heard her say.
He tried to reply but his voice wasnt working and the effort brought back the pain to his chest, he closed his eyes.  Probably some broken ribs, nothing serious.  Maybe he had just been knocked out, cracked a rib or two, he would be up and moving again once he regained his senses.
Once, when he was in his early twenties he broke a rib, he had been with Alicia.  They were skiing and he didnt really know what he was doing having only skied once before.  She was a seasoned skier and of course he didnt want to look like a looser so he pushed himself to go down an advanced run right away.  He lost control and went into the trees pretty fast.  His helmet had saved him from any serious injury but his rib had shattered against a tree trunk.  That pain was what he felt now, only it was across his whole chest.
Peter wake up, came Alicias voice. Please.
He managed to open his eyes again so he could see her.  She was kneeling in front of him, hesitating to touch him for some reason.  He wasnt that hurt, couldnt be that hurt.
He tried again to speak, this time he managed a feeble groan.
Peter, she was crying, choking on the word she was trying to say.
Alicia, he managed, faint but she heard him.
Peter, youre going to be okay, oh god, she touched his head and her hand came away red with the bits of his congealed blood.
Maybe things were worse than just a few cracked ribs.  The panic flooded back, he still couldnt move, maybe he was paralyzed.  Maybe he was going to die.  He was not ready to die, not even to escape the pain that was creeping back stronger than before.  He needed her, wanted to be near her, he didnt want to die and not feel her close to him again.
Hold me, he said.
But she said.
Hold me, 
She didnt say anything, just moved close to him and put his head in her lap.  Her tears were dripping onto his face clear as rain and rolling off his cheeks pink with blood.  She stroked his hair, just like she would do when he was stressed with work to help him relax.  She was looking in his eyes though the mist of tears.
I dont want to lose you, she said.
Just hold me closer, those four words were too much and brought the pain back and this time the pain came in a larger wave than before.  She held his head and shoulders closer to her and gave him an awkward hug, holding him tight.
Closer, he thought, words were beyond him now.  He wanted to be closer, closer, wanted to melt into her and wake up beside her.  Wanted the pain to go away and time to reverse and everything to return to how it had been.  This was not what he wanted, he couldnt leave her yet.  He had to be close to her forever.  His mind drifted as Alicia sobbed over him.
She could see what he could only barely comprehend through the fog of his head.  She could see the twisted mess of steel behind them, she could hear the other drivers on their phones calling for ambulances.  She could hear the cries and moans coming from the passengers of the other car.  She wanted him closer, wanted him to hold on.
His mind drifted as his eyes closed, his bruised and battered brain looking for somewhere safe.  Not wanting to be alone.

The Other Side, Closer
The town was deserted, at least that was how it looked from his position at the swinging four way stop light.  The wind from this overcast day was rocking it, casting a moving red light on the buildings.
He could see no one around and the stores all looked like they had been empty for years.  Small abandoned towns were not uncommon after the second depression and this was just another one of those towns.  Killed by greed and a broken system.
The problem for him was, of all the towns he needed to have people in this was the one.  His check engine light had flicked on a hundred kilometers ago and now the car could hardly go faster than twenty kilometers per hour.  He would have stopped sooner but there had been nothing, not a house, not a gas station, nothing.  When he thought about it he couldnt remember seeing anything before the light had flicked on with that menacing yellow glow accompanied by a too cheery sounding chime.
Now the first place he has come across in hours and it was empty.  His cell phone was picking up nothing as was usually the case this far north.  He didnt even know exactly where he was, having lost track of any road signs.  He was pretty sure he was heading in the right direction but had never gone this way before so couldnt be sure.
The car was revving high and then idling down low to the point where the engine sounded like it was going to cut out and then it would rev up again.  He knew he wouldnt be able to get much further.
The fading light of a late fall day was discouraging him from making the attempt to keep heading onward in the hopes of finding a place.  For all he knew the next inhabited town could be another hundred kilometers south.  He would rather the car die here than in the middle of the Canadian wilderness in the middle of the night.
The town would probably have some people still, some old couple who refused to leave as everyone else moved out of their foreclosed homes and the businesses dried up.  Maybe even a pay phone that was still connected, better to drive around this town looking for something then risk the open road.
Worst case hed sleep in the car and attempt to drive down tomorrow, he was bound to come across another motorist at some point and hopefully enlist their help.
He started driving, creeping around the town moving at a snails pace, careful not to push the car too hard.  He drove straight and reached the outer edge of the town in a few minutes.  There were no lights, no signs of life, nothing.  Not even a pay phone.
Driving south back to the four way stop he made a right and reached the other edge of the town still finding nothing.  Making a U turn to head back to the final direction on the towns four main roads the car revved high.  He took his foot off the gas and the idle dropped and the engine stalled out.  He turned the ignition hoping the car would start, he didnt like the idea of having no chance of getting out of this town.  The engine turned over but wouldnt catch.  
He didnt keep trying, not wanting to kill the battery.  If he was going to have to sleep in his car in a creepy old abandoned town then he wanted the radio working so he could listen to his CD.  There were no radio stations he could pick up out here.
He put the car in neutral and got out, pushing it to the side of the road in case someone drove by.  Then locking the door, more out of habit than anything else, he began to walk to the final end of town that he hadnt explored.  
In the fading light of an early sunset obscured by clouds he cursed himself for not carrying a flashlight in his car.  The light was bathing the town in a cold fluorescence.  Soon it would be total dark and he would be alone wandering through the streets.  Streets that might be inhabited by vagrants squatting in the empty houses, or killers living here while they plan their next murder.
His mind was getting away with him.  Picturing all kinds of deplorable human beings inhabiting every alley.  He knew that the most dangerous thing in this town might be a black bear that had decided to make a den out of the old grocery store.  Still, in the dark ones imagination is free to fill in the gaps left by the eye, and often these gaps are filled with things the eye does not want to see.
He was at the four way stop, it was bathed in the red light flashing from above.  Moving with the wind, making everything look even worse, bathed in a sickly glow.  He kept moving though, knowing that he had to find some way to get help or he would be in for a long night.  It didnt help that he had no food and only half a bottle of water.  That would mean a hungry night as well.  
The temperature was dropping as the storm that had been building all day began to get closer.  The thought of sitting in his car, hungry, listening to the patter of rain on the roof, shivering in the cool night drove him to keep trying to find some way to contact the outside world.
All the remaining day light had withered away into the awaiting dark of night.  This change was not a big deal except for the fact that he couldnt see where he was going, the darkness was so solid and impenetrable.  There was no moon tonight and the clouds blocked even the faint light that would be coming from the stars.
Pulling out his cell phone and opening an app that turned the flash on the camera into a flashlight, he made his way down the street through the remains of the town.  At this point he knew he was going to find nothing, but he kept looking hoping for a glimmer of light to signify any type of contact with the outside world.
The stoplight behind him looked like a faint sunset in the distance, casting red hue over the intersection.  Before him lay only more dark.  Besides more abandoned houses and stores this end of the town held nothing for him.  He turned and made his way back to the car, preparing for a long night as the first drizzle of rain began.
There was still hope for the morning small towns like this often were surrounded by houses down country roads.  Or farmers maybe, he hadnt seen any farms in a while but maybe further to the south.  He would have to find someone tomorrow, but this didnt really concern him at the moment.  He was more worried about the night before him, a night he would be spending alone and hungry in the car.  
He did have an emergency blanket which was good, but that made up the entirety of his emergency kit.  At least he would not be excessively cold, but the night only threatened to get cooler.  He vowed that as soon as he got back to the city the first thing he was going to do was buy a full emergency kit for his car, complete with food.  He regretted that the last thing he ate was a bagel from the Tim Hortons in Sudbury, a double cheeseburger combo would be heaven right now.  He had to stop thinking about food, it was akin to torture.
At the four way stop again, feeling reassured by the blinking red light, it was a sign of some civilization at least.  It also meant that there was power out here, maybe in the morning he would break into some of the stores and see if he could find an abandoned landline.  Calling 911 always works even if the phone bill hasnt been paid in years.
Reaching the car he realized that for a place that looked like it had been empty for at least a few years, the town was in pretty good shape.  No broken windows, or burnt out buildings, or graffiti, things common to abandoned towns.  Vandals destroy, homeless take over, but not here.  Here everything looked like it had been vacated the day before, except for the dust on the windows that made them almost impossible to see through.  Besides the type of damage that would be caused by a few years of weathering and no maintenance the town looked pretty good.  Almost like no one had been here since everyone left.  He shelved this disturbing thought.  It probably hadnt been touched because it was in the middle of nowhere, safe from people who would destroy it.
He flicked the key forward one spot to turn the radio on and after searching in vain for a station he put his CD on.  He had hoped to get a radio station, hearing another voice would be reassuring, but music would do.  When he was a kid he had a nightmare and his dad had told him that monsters hate music.  He spent a year falling asleep to the sounds of the radio on low, and that had stuck with him for the rest of his life.  Whenever he had trouble falling asleep he would listen to some music and it would relax him off to sleep.  It could be anything, as long as the volume was low.
After drinking the rest of his water he pulled the blanket over him in the reclined driver seat.  He settled in and got lost in the soothing noise coming from the speakers.  The gentle drizzle on the roof added a nice relaxing background to the song.  He wasnt tired and it wasnt late, but he had nothing else to do to kill the time except play games on his phone, which was almost dead.  So lying and listening to music was the next best thing and if he fell asleep than even better, get this night over with faster.
He starts awake.  He had drifted off.  Something had woken him up.  A tap at the window on the driver side.  He jumps up, fear taking him, recoiling in sheer terror from the noise before he composes himself.  He remembers where he is and realizes that maybe the town is not totally empty and someone had come by to help.
The face looking in on him from outside the window does little to put him at ease.  It is a man who looks to be about seventy at best, more likely in his eighties.  His beard is large enough to have engulfed his face, and he has a look in his eyes that seemsoff.  He cant put his finger on it, but its wrong, like a junkie, that empty look he gets from homeless people begging for some change.  His clothes are tattered and worn, which does nothing to dispel that image of a homeless person.  Maybe the town had been taken over by vagrants, just vagrants who respected property.  Either way, it was another human being and he might know how to get some help.
Peter rolls down his window, not trusting this man enough to open the door.  He needs some barrier between them in case this guy is totally nuts.
You okay? the man asks.
No actually, my car died and I have no way to call for help, you live here?
Guess so, names Jonathon, Jonathon Doerskin, the man said.
Nice to meet you, Im Peter, they shake hands awkwardly through the window.
Do you have a phone or something I could use? Peter asked.
Yep, back at my place, its the only one in town still works, sfar as I know, the man said.
Peter was still reluctant to leave the safety of the car, but the promise of a working phone was enough to make him get over that fear and open the door. 
Stepping out of the car Peter made sure to lock it behind him, old habits.  Jonathon began walking toward the glow of the stop light at the center of town.  He walked with a slow shuffle, barely lifting his feet, his back hunched staring at the ground.
Walking slowly beside this odd stranger felt awkward as he was not acknowledging his presence at all, it was almost as if Peter didnt exist anymore now that he had left the car.
So you here alone? He asked to break the silence.
Yep, jus me and this whole town to myself, Jonathon replied.
How long you lived here? Peter really wanted to know how long the town had been empty but that seemed like a rude question to ask.
Goin on twenty years, moved here to try and start a farm, made a good go of it till the bank started calling in the loans.  A few bad crops and I was done, he replied.
Why are you still living here then? Peter asked, no longer caring about politeness.  He had always been a curious person and had trouble reining it in.
Well I got lucky in a way, when my place died so did everyone elses, they all left and I held out, soon enough I had the whole place to myself.
  So how long have you been here alone then? Peter wondered what kind of person could stand the solitude of this place, especially after watching everyone else leave.  He had to have some friends in the town, why didnt he leave with them and start a new life as they must have done?
Dont really know, dont really keep track of time too good out here.  If I think about it maybe three years, probably more, he still didnt look at Peter, besides answering his questions there was no other sign that he knew Peter was there.
Must get lonely, Peter said.
It does, but I pass the time, Jonathon said.
Peter could think of nothing else to really say, he was curious about the mans age though.  If he had only lived here for twenty years assuming the people didnt get into farming in their later years, the man couldnt be much over forty, yet he looked closer to eighty.  Either he got a late start on the agribusiness game, or life alone ages a person very fast.  If only he could think of a polite way to ask Jonathon his age.  He was really interested and the drive to know was almost enough to push him into asking, but he didnt want to offend the person who held his only way out.  He didnt know how crazy this guy really was, living alone for a few years couldnt be good for a mans sanity.
The two of them reached the blinking red that marked the center of town.  Illuminated in this faint light Jonathon looked even older.  The shadows deepened in his wrinkles, his eyes looked more sunk into his head, he almost looked like a walking corpse. 
Maybe he had some horrible illness, Peter thought.  Now he was even more discouraged from asking his age.  If this man had cancer or something and was just waiting here to die then maybe pointing out that he looked ancient wasnt the best move.  He didnt think Jonathon would attack him or anything, he just didnt want to hurt the old guys feelings.  For all he knew he could be the first person Jonathon had interacted with in years, and he didnt want to come off as a dick or anything.  He felt he was representing the outside world to this lonely hermit and wanted to make a good impression, so he kept his mouth shut.
The two men plodded along, Peter finding the snail pace difficult to match without looking like he was mocking his companion.  Jonathon kept walking straight toward the North end of the town, Peter followed.
He had checked this area out before and seen nothing, although his check had not been thorough he doubted he could have missed a house someone was living in.  As they kept moving forward it got darker as the stop light fell further into the space behind them.  Peter was looking for any sign of Jonathons place but could see nothing, all the buildings looked equally abandoned.
Jonathon turned down an alley without saying anything.  Peter almost kept walking but the shift in the sound of the shuffling footsteps alerted him to the change in direction.  Peter had not noticed this narrow alley on his first adventure up here, but it was pretty small and easy to miss.  A crack between buildings barely wide enough for him to walk straight without his shoulders brushing the side.
It made sense that Jonathon wouldnt live on one of the main streets in the town, no reason to expect that.  He was just an old guy who wanted to be left alone.  The only reason he had found Peter was probably because he heard him drive in and not out.  Maybe he waited to make sure that he wasnt a cop, or someone just looking for some window smashing fun.  However he had found him Peter was grateful that Jonathon had decided to help him.  He knew that it must be hard for someone who had been alone for so long to venture out toward another human being.
Almost there, Jonathons raspy voice broke Peter out of his thoughts.
Cool, thanks again for helping me, Peter said.
mhmmmm, came the reply.
It was probably difficult putting up with this human interaction and Peter longed to make his call for a tow just to get out of this guys hair.  He almost felt guilty for disturbing his peace, and wanted to leave as soon as he could so Jonathon could return to his hermit life.
There was a narrow door at the end of the alley, a back entrance to a supply room for one of the shops.  The jingle of keys accompanied the opening of the door, even alone Jonathon could not trust the world enough to leave his door unlocked.  Inside the windowless room a few candles burned producing a faint light.  Peter walked into this light following after his savior.
The room was almost empty.  There was a mattress against one wall, a small area for cooking with a portable gas stove and a few pots and cans of food. On the back wall there were some boxes piled against the door that led into the store.  The door swung shut behind Peter, but didnt latch fully.  Jonathon reached past him and pulled it shut.
So wheres the phone? Peter asked, being locked in this tiny room with this odd hermit renewed his initial fear.
Over there, on the other side of the boxes, Jonathon motioned to a corner of the room.
Peter walked over and picked up the handset, there was a dial tone.  He hung the phone back up and reached in his pocket for his wallet.  He had the card for CAA in there.  Digging it out of the mess that was his wallet and picked up the phone again, ready to dial.
This time there was no dial tone, he hung it up and tried again, still nothing.
Its not working, he said.
It does that sometimes, cant really complain when its free though, Jonathon said.
It was working when I first tried it, Peter said.
Yep, itll come back just gotta hang er up and wait a bit, Jonathon said.
How long? Peter was getting a little nervous.
Couple minutes, dont know why it does that, maybe a loose wire or something along the line, but I have found that leaving it for a bit usually fixes it, Jonathon was by the stove lighting it.
Guess Ill wait a bit then, sorry about all this, Peter was still nervous but a half broken phone was better than nothing and hed be out of here soon.
Nope, not your fault, Jonathon said, You hungry, Im making some beeferoine and could spare a can for ya.
No its fine really, I shouldnt be here too much longer, Peter did feel the pang of hunger at the mention of food though.
You sure, its no trouble really, the grocery left a whole pile of canned food when they closed up, I have more than I could eat in a lifetime, Jonathon was opening a can.
The smell of the food in the small space is what caused Peters stomach to take over for his mind.
Okay, I guess some dinner would be a good idea, he said.
Good, mind opening the door a little, running a gas stove and all, probably good to get some air in here, Jonathon said.
Peter wedged the door open a crack with a wooden stopper he found by the base.  There was a single chair against the wall opposite the stove so he sat there to wait for dinner.  The smell of the cheap canned food was making his mouth water.  After living off of organic, natural food for the past four weeks something bad for him was just what he needed.  Besides that bagel on the road this would be the first bit of food from his old life.
Jonathon was absorbed in the simple task of heating the beeferoini, living alone must make one have to find pleasure even in simple tasks.  Turn them into full distractions to escape the loneliness.  Peter knew what it was like, the first day at Crystal Lake rehab had been one of his worst.  He drove himself up there because he didnt want to make his girlfriend sacrifice any more then she already had due to his addiction.
The place was a little more lenient then most when it came to that kind of stuff, probably because even though he had a car there was nowhere for him to go.  He wasnt kept prisoner, they told him he could leave whenever.  It was his life that he was trying to change and they got paid whether he did it or not.  They were only there to help him on his road to recovery.
It was a mix of tough love and hippy love there.  But it worked for him and after a month they said he was safe to leave.  They set him up with a sponsor and a therapist in Toronto so he could stay sober.  They taught him some life skills and coping skills and worked to cleanse his body and mind. 
This mishap on the road home was hopefully the last of a long line of mishaps that led him to be here in the first place.  A long road of mistakes that led to an addiction to sedatives and alcohol.  Detox alone was something horrible enough to make him want to stay sober forever, but so was being a better boyfriend and human being.
All done, Jonathon walked over and gave Peter his bowl and spoon with a bottle of water.  Then he sat on his bed and began to eat his dinner rather loudly and sloppily.
The smell rising from the bowl made it difficult to wait for his dinner to cool, he took a bite and though a mouth full off food thanked his companion.  Although his mouth got burnt that was the best bite of food he had had in a long time.
Soon enough the bowl was empty, and he was finishing the water.  Jonathon was still working on his.  Jonathon kept looking up at him between bites, not used to eating with people.  
Thanks again man, Peter said as he brought his bowl over to where the rest of the dirty looking dishes were.
Very welcome, came the reply from the bed.
Peter tried the phone again, it was still dead.  He would wait a little bit longer then call it a night and return to his car.  He was less nervous now, but there was no way he was going to sleep in the same room as Jonathon.  He still knew nothing about this guy.
Thats when he felt it, that familiar release of tension.  That sensation of rising as you sink, the feeling that followed swallowing some pills with a swig of beer.  He sat down heavily, thinking maybe it was just a flashback.  There was no way, he hadnt touched anything close to a drug in a month.
He looked a Jonathon, who had forgotten about his food and was staring at him intently.
You, you drugged me? the question was hard for him to spit out, his jaw muscles now totally relaxed along with the rest of his body.  He tried to fight it but couldnt, he had been hit with a pretty large dose, even for him.
He tried to stand, but fell to the floor.  Jonathon stood up, looking down at him.  His eyes wouldnt stay open, he was drifting off to that comforting black he had inhabited for years.  He knew he was going to die, just hoped that he would still be out when it happened.  Then as the drugs took a firm hold his mind went black too.
***
He woke, still in Alicias lap.  Nothing had changed, she was still sobbing and they were still in the grass at the side of the highway.  He wondered how long he had been out for, it was hard to tell.  Time had gone all weird on him.
Then the pain brought him fully back.
You gotta stay awake Peter, Alicia said, tears running down her cheeks.
He tried to answer but his throat had closed.  He swallowed a few times and managed to reply.
Im trying, he said.
The ambulance is coming soon, some guy called, she said.
Okay, tell me about that night on the beach, he said.  He knew that telling this would calm her and make him feel good too.  It was one of her favorite memories of their early relationship.  It was when he truly fell in love with her, and she fell in love with him.
Okay, she said, her voice barely louder than a whisper, we had just got out of a movie.  We had been seeing each other for almost a month and were getting to that stage where neither of us wanted to leave the other.  It was a nice warm night in early July, the moon was out so it was still pretty bright.  It wasnt late when we left the movie, here she stopped and sobbed.
Keep going, Peter said.
Okay um, we didnt want to go home yet, you said that it was too early to drop me off.  We could have just gone to my place, but you said that was boring.  You were always trying to do something unique and that made being with you fun, she stopped again.
The few people who had arrived on this back road were standing around staring at them.  She didnt notice those people though.  She was staring out across the open clear sky, trying to escape into her memory.
We got in the car and you just started driving, you wouldnt tell me where we were going.  I didnt really know the area, so I got a little concerned when you went down some pretty empty roads.  I thought you were maybe crazy after all, she laughed, then you pulled into a parking lot and we got out of the car.  There was a path and I could hear water, I knew we were close to a lake but I couldnt see it.  The path was dark but you grabbed my hand and led me down it, fearless, she looked down at him and smiled.
You never were afraid of things that people should be afraid of, you never have been.  The path went on for a while and I thought maybe we were lost, but wasnt scared because I was with you.  We turned a corner and came out onto the huge open beach.  No one else was there and the moon reflecting off the water was one of the most beautiful things I had seen.  Not because of what it was but because I was with you.
She stopped.  Wiped her nose and eyes. Then continued, knowing that this was good for him, that this would keep him awake.
You turned to me and kissed me, didnt say anything, just kissed me.  It wasnt our first kiss or anything, but it felt like it.  Cheesy eh?  Then you ran toward the water stopping before the sand was dark with the damp of the waves, and fell back into it.  I joined you and we both just looked into the sky.  The brightness of the moon blotted out most of the stars, but the ones we could see seemed even brighter because of this.  You turned to me and said better than going home or something along those lines, She stopped, listening for a siren, for anything.  She could see his eyes closing, he was drifting off again.
Peter, stay awake okay, she said.
Hm, keep going, he said.
You gotta promise to stay awake.
I promise.
Okay, Im holding you to that.  After we laid there for a while you got up and started gathering driftwood and tinder from the forest.  You started a little beach fire to hold off the chill that was creeping in over the water.  Then we sat by the fire, staring out over the lake, just talking all night.  Talking about the most random things, but it felt like I was finally having a real conversation.  It felt like I was really communicating for the first time, even if it was only silly stories about my cat.  When the fire started to die you would add a little more wood, and soon enough you didnt have to because the sun was rising over the water.  It was the best sunrise I had ever seen.  We just sat there and watched the night turn into a beautiful summer day.
He was still looking at her, smiling slightly despite the pain.
Thank you, he said.
That was when I knew I loved you, I had suspected it before, but it was then that I knew for sure, she said.
Me too, he said.
So you cant die on me Peter, you cant because I love you, she said.
Ill try my best, he said.
Now that his consciousness had returned so had his memory and his critical thinking abilities.  He knew that he was suffering from the loss of a lot of blood.  He knew that he was probably paralyzed from the waist down because he couldnt feel or move his legs.  He knew that his ribs were shattered and that one of his lungs was probably punctured because breathing was becoming very difficult.  That was what he knew for sure, he didnt know the extent of any internal bleeding, organ damage or the damage his head had undergone.
With these taken into account Alicias concern was well placed, he was not in the best situation, he knew his life was balanced on a knife edge.  He also remembered the accident and how he had got here.
They had been driving back from the cottage.  He wanted to take the scenic route because taking the highway all the time got boring.  He was talking to her, enjoying the easy drive.  The day was perfect, sunny, no clouds, warm enough to have the windows rolled down.  They were enjoying a nice relaxing drive back into the city after a great weekend at the lake.
The road was empty, he was going a little fast, nothing dangerous for the conditions though.  Then coming over a hill he saw the other car coming his way.  It was white, thats all he could remember.  For some reason the other driver was in the wrong lane, they saw each other at the last second, too late to even tap the breaks.
There was a jolt, like getting kicked hard in the back, then he woke up here on the grass in the worst pain of his life.  He had his seatbelt off, that was probably why he got thrown from the car.  He never wore his seatbelt when he was on the side roads.  It felt wrong for some reason, like going against the gods of relaxed driving.  Now that just seemed idiotic.  What a stupid idea, to think that he couldnt enjoy a drive with a seatbelt on.  The only reason he was still alive was because the airbag combined with his window being rolled down led to him flying out the driver door window.  If he had hit the windshield his head would be colouring the inside of the car with pink jam.  Windshields have very little give, the grass was more forgiving.  It didnt feel that way, but he knew that he could be dead, the fact that he was still breathing was reassuring.
Im sorry, he said.
Why? she said.
For not  wearing  a seatbelt, he chuckled.
Well Ill bitch at you about that once they fix you up, she said.
I love you, he could feel himself drifting.  Being conscious was too much work for his body.
Stay awake, she said in a stern voice.
Just. Close. Eyes, he said.
No, Peter, stay awake, she shook him and the pain ratcheted up in intensity.  That brought him back.
Im sorry Peter but you cant sleep, she said.
He couldnt reply.  The pain was keeping him conscious but he could focus on nothing else except that.  His mind went blank, blacked out by the solid red sky of the pain.

Dreaming
The blood covered skeleton is walking toward him.  It hasnt seen him yet, but it will soon.  The sound of a toppling building behind him distracts him for a second.  The lenses on his gas mask are too dirty to discern any detail, but it was a fairly large building pretty far in the distance.
The ruined skyline is full of these old blasted out buildings.  Too damaged to withstand the wind any longer, a slight breeze and they come back down to earth.  Become rocks again.  
In a couple thousand years this will all be buried under another glacier.  Aliens visiting this planet will only find the thinnest vein of odd minerals under the layers of rock and sediment.  The only geologic remnant of a once huge city.  A mere blip in the rock strata of time.
He looked back toward the skeleton.  It was no closer then before, he decided to walk slowly back to where the others were.  He was scouting to make sure the way forward was clear, they would have to double back and find another way.  There was nothing they could do to these things.  They couldnt be killed, and if they touched you they infected you and you would slowly rot and become one of them.
No one knew where they had come from.  Some said that the war had opened the gates of hell, others said that they were a last ditch weapon deployed too late, still others just thought that years of nuclear and chemical warfare had mutated viruses and humans into these things.  Whatever they were there were only a  few of them, and that was a good thing.
He could see where his squad was waiting, in the lobby of a building a few blocks back.  Too far for a sprint, he would have to take the slow silent way he had come.  It was getting late and he really didnt feel like being out here in the dark with that thing skulking around so he got moving.
The worst thing about the Skels at night was not that they could sneak up on you, but that they glowed a bright red.  That glowing made him think that it had something to do with radiation even though he knew the radiation and glowing thing was basically a myth.
He slipped into what was once a transit station.  The tunnel went under the road to the next block and he could travel it fairly quick without having to worry about being seen.  The problem was that it was pitch black in the tunnels and any source of artificial light was hard to find because of the electromagnetic pulses that the bombs created in the war.  Anything functioning electronic was rare, most things they found were as good as rocks.
Once they had found a flashlight, but the batteries died that night and they couldnt find any way to recharge it with no other power options available.  So making his way through the tunnels was always a little unnerving.  At least a Skel couldnt sneak up on him in here.  He would be able to see the glow before it saw him.
He found his way by the slim light from the occasional match and the light of the exit slowly getting brighter as he got closer.  He returned to the surface with only one block to go until he reached the hiding place with the others.  He took cover behind a rusted car and checked to see if the Skel from earlier was looking.
The streets were empty, but that didnt mean he was safe.  Snipers still wandered the buildings, picking off other survivors to steal their supplies.  Then there were the wanderers, survivors who didnt wear gas masks.  The mix of chemicals and radiation drove them insane and they would attack with every ounce of their strength just to kill and eat a person.  They were pretty bad to run into, but usually weak enough to be easily fought off.  A group of them was deadly, no matter how much ammo one had to throw at them.
He had seen what could happen to a small group of survivors against a large group of wanderers.  It didnt end well.  Thankfully they were pretty easy to avoid, being loud and stupid, most had bad vision too because of the toxic air.  Still it was better to play it safe, so he made the last block back as cautiously as he had on his way out.
Peter, thank god youre okay we were getting worried, John said.
Yah sorry, theres a Skel up there, had to make sure it hadnt seen me before I came back, Peter said.
So I guess we arent going that way then? Tomas said.
We will have to camp for the night soon, its getting dark, said John.
Lets go back a little, I dont like knowing Im near one of those, we passed a building that looked safe enough a few blocks back, Tomas said.
Sounds good to me, what about you Alice? 
If you guys think its safe Im down, she said.
Okay then, lets move out, keep it quiet still, dont know how good those things hear, John said.
They all grabbed their packs and slowly made their way back, not talking and trying to avoid stepping on any debris that would make too loud a noise.  The four of them made their way through the streets, keeping close to buildings so they would have a place to run to for cover.  Four shapeless humans, wearing heavy cloaks, their faces covered, looking like some alien creatures.  
Peter couldnt remember the last time he had taken off his gas mask, probably before the war.  Now any significant amount of time exposed to the poisoned air would begin to melt his mind.  Thats how one became a wanderer, it wasnt the radiation but something in the air.  Some chemical or biological weapon, developed to drive the populace of a country insane in order to destabilize it.  He remembered how brutal the war had become.  They all did, they had all fought in it.
The radiation would get to them eventually, they had no protection against that.  He had also heard cases of gas mask insanity.  Where people who had once been perfectly normal, with a will to fight to live, decided one day to just take off their mask and walk away from their group.  Some people said that it was constantly seeing the world from behind the mask, through those lenses, and the prospect of that becoming the rest of their lives.  Others said it was a nice way to commit suicide and escape the dead end world.  It was really just one of those things that had become reality now.  People wore gas masks all the time, and that drove some people over the brink.
He knew that fighting to live was useless, the radiation had made every one sterile.  Even if pregnancy was possible the babies would probably be mutated beyond any chance of living.  Then there was the aspect of raising a child in the world, it would be pretty hard to find an infant sized gas mask.  As far as he knew all those were not designed with a feeing apparatus, so in order to eat the baby would have to go unprotected.  Adult masks had special one way straws with filters so they could drink water and consume the nutrient liquid needed to stay alive.
The world had gone to hell and there was no chance of bringing it out.  He knew that soon they would run out supplies and be forced to de-mask to eat.  Maybe in a few months, then it would become a choice of starving to death or going insane in order to live.  He didnt know why he kept on going in a world like that, a place where he knew that soon he would have to die.  There was no real reason for any of them to keep moving, but they did, they had to, it was part of being human.
At the head of the line John stopped and signaled them all to drop to the floor.  They all hit the deck, trying to block any line of sight.  They didnt make a sound, John had taken his rifle from off his back and was looking down the scope.
Peter looked in the direction the gun was pointed and saw in the distance what John was looking at.  A group of wanderers.  Maybe a kilometer away, they were only visible because of how fast they were moving.  The size of the group also made it easier to spot them.  It was the largest group they had come across and they looked like they were in a hurry to get somewhere.
The reason for their speed became apparent as Peter watched, they were not running toward something, they were running away from something.  It was massive, a red glowing mass of something, the same red as the skeletons, that fresh blood colour.  The main body of this mass was supported by hundreds of tentacle like legs.  Occasionally one of the tentacles would snap out and grab a wanderer that couldnt run fast enough.  He couldnt see the detail of what happened from this distance, but the fact that John stopped looking down the scope told him that it must be as bad as he imagined.
What the fuck is that? Alice whispered.
Dont know, but lets keep moving and be thankful that its after those wanderers and not us, John said.
They could no longer see the creature in the distance, it was now behind some buildings.  They could see the glow of it shining above the buildings, illuminating the coming twilight.  It was moving further away from them, a good sign, but what if there was more than one of those things.  Peter was amazed at how just as he got used to this new post war life something else popped up to surprise him, one could never get too comfortable.
They moved even slower and quieter now, the appearance of that thing having doubled their caution.  They reached the building that Tomas had mentioned.  It was pretty inconspicuous, and there were no windows on the main floor, only the door.  This was good, it would mean an easier place to defend and hide in.  The problem was that they couldnt utilize the fading daylight to help set camp for the night, it was too dark inside.  They had to start a small fire using some old desks and chairs as fuel in order to see what they were doing as they unrolled their bivy sacks.
The nuclear winter led to some very cold nights so the fire was welcome, even though it was a risk.  After setting up and deciding on the watch schedule for the night they huddled around the fire.  John passed everyone a nutrient bottle and water bottle from his pack and they all shifted to consuming their meals.
The nutrient water never filled one up, only served to make the hunger less noticeable.  They had half of ones daily caloric intake, half of all the necessary vitamins and minerals as well as a substantial amount of protein.  They tasted pretty bad but it was that or death and they had been living off of these things for so long that they were all used to it by now.  One in the morning and one at night.  The perfect way to keep soldiers alive on long deployments, small enough to be light and easy to consume.  Contamination proof lids that worked with the feeding systems on their gas masks.  They were lucky to have found enough to supply them for so long.  The problem that would soon be facing them was water.  Sterile water was hard to find and they didnt trust the filters in their straws enough to try contaminated water.  Once they got desperate though they would develop a trust pretty fast.
What do you think that thing was today? Alice asked.
I dont know, but I really hope we never run across one again, Tomas said.
What did it look like John? Peter asked.
Dont really know how to describe it, kinda like a mess of bones, human bones and skulls, all glued together by that red stuff, John said, he was staring into the fire.
So its kinda like some super skeleton or something, Tomas said.
I guess, I dont know, it was picking up the wanderers and tearing their skin off, consuming the bones into its mass, John said.
I can see why you couldnt watch, Alice said.
Yah, like sure theyre insane, but they are still human, John said.
They might become the last remains of humanity once we all die off, Peter said.
Yah probably, Tomas said, Imagine if aliens came to earth in a few years and that was all that was left of us?  Kind of a sad legacy.
Yah, shit man, what happened? John said.
Their conversations always tended toward the morbid lately.  Probably because they hadnt seen a survivor in months.  The only encounters with survivors had been the sniper fire they received from scavengers, and even that was becoming more infrequent.  They felt like the last representatives of humanity on a dead planet.  This tended to make one a little negative.
They sat in silence watching as the small fire burned down.  Even fires seemed to choke on the air, they were not as warm as Peter remembered, not as bright.  That could be because the lenses on his mask were in desperate need of a cleaning though.
Anyone got a cleaning kit? he asked.
Yah, somewhere in here, Tomas said digging through his pack, here man.
Thanks, you know, we are worried about food and water, but what if we run out of these? he asked half joking.
Better blind then crazy I guess, Johan said.
The gas masks had been developed during the war, they were designed for very long term use.  The filters on them could go for twenty years without having to be replaced, the lenses were scratch proof and fog proof, the only downside was that the dust stuck to them like they were magnets.  Using the special cleaning supplies on them kept the dust off longer and made the lenses clearer than just wiping them with a sleeve.  They wouldnt be blind without the cleaning cloths, just inconvenienced.
Ever wonder why they designed these mask to last so long? Peter said.
Probably because it was our side that launched the gas first, Alice said.
Yah, fuckin dirty war on all sides man, Tomas said.
John stayed silent.  He had fought the longest out of all of them.  The war had lasted thirty years, they had not even been born when the fighting started.  John had fought for thirteen years, enlisting at eighteen.  They all did the same, but their war had only been five years long.  They had all been put into Johns squad, the rest of the squad hadnt made it this far. 
John had hated the war from the beginning, but there was no choice, it was either enlist with honor or be conscripted like a coward.  He had never respect the chain of command and once he had made his way up to a staff sergeant he had advanced no further, turning down promotions as they came along.  He didnt want to leave his squad, even though the members changed as they were promoted or killed, he still liked being a leader among them.  A father figure teaching them how to survive in the war, how to make it through and hopefully last as long as he had.
By the time Alice, Tomas and Peter had come his way he had lost a lot of men.  He was getting close to breaking and just walking into enemy fire one day to end it all in a heroic way.  Those three had given him hope, they all bonded in the squad.  The other members came and went but his three managed to survive and thrive, it was like they were extensions of himself.  He was never their leader because he never had to be, he felt like a father and they like his children.  
The things he had witnessed in his thirteen years had driven him close to insanity, it was Peter, Alice and Tomas that saved him.  They all saw some pretty horrible stuff in the last five years, but they held themselves together and brought him out from the dark hole he was falling into.  Still, he didnt like to talk about the war, it was a wound that couldnt stand reopening.
So you guys should probably grab some rest, I got first watch tonight, Peter said.
They all murmured agreement, and wiggled their way into their sacks.  Walking through the wastes was exhausting and taking first watch was the hardest because all his body wanted to do was sleep.  After a day of scrambling over rubble, running silently from waste horrors, coming across the mummified corpses of pregnant women and children.  Walking into the killings committed by wanderers, the bodies torn apart, bite marks everywhere, blood painting the ground red.  The mental and emotional aspects of these things wore off after a while, but the physical exertion required still wore him down to the bone.  No matter how advanced the gas masks were it was still hard to breath in them.
Sometimes he was tempted to take the mask off just to have a breath not be a labor against a one-way valve.  That was life now though, that had been his life for eight years now, three in the wastes, five on the front lines.  Before the bombs dropped and the real guns got pulled out.
Standing watch by the one entrance to their hidden camp he thought he could see a faint red glow in the distance, over the tops of the buildings.  It was probably his imagination, but he would make sure to mention it to Alice when she came on for next watch.  Other than that the night was completely black.  That made keeping watch easier, the black sky of nuclear winter made night a total darkness.  Only the fading embers of their fire provided any illumination.  This solid dark meant that he could see any skeletons well before they saw him, it also meant that other scavenger survivors couldnt see them.  Wanderers were also blind in the night, being only human and half blind already.  So it made him feel safer at night, which was another inversion caused by the war.  Nights were now the time of safety and daylight was when the monsters came out.
  The silence was what got to him, not the darkness.  Hearing was always a little difficult with the mask on because it hooded over the entire head to facilitate a better seal.  Thus hearing was always a little impaired, but at night that impairment became an almost deafness.  With nothing moving, and on nights with no wind, the silence would start to nag at his sanity.  If it werent for the occasional shuffle of one of his fellow survivors or the sound he could make by throwing a rock, he would be sure that he was dead.  The silence combined with the absolute dark took his two major senses away from him, and this led to some interesting side effects.  Sensory deprivation combined with sleep deprivation created an almost hallucinatory state.  These little side effects and the way they played with his head kept him awake through his turns at watch.
Tonight was no different.  The wind was never really that strong in the cities, the endless tall buildings served to block it.  Even though most of them were blown apart to the point where wind could pass through them unobstructed.  There was also not much wind left on the earth, it had gone with the sky.  The permanent grey of daylight probably messed with thermal radiation and convection currents and all those things that caused air to move.  Or maybe even the air had abandoned the planet, not wanting to be associated with the mess down below.
He glanced at his watch, it was only an hour in he still had one more to go.  The red glow he could see in the distance was still there, no brighter and not really moving.  It was so dim he couldnt even be sure it was there and not just a trick of darkness on his eyes.
Peter turned from the door and walked back to the almost dead embers of the fire.  He kicked them around and placed some more pieces of desk on them.  He didnt want the wood to catch fire, only become another glowing ember in order to give them some light to move around in when they changed watch.
The embers glowed and shifted like they were alive.  Smoke drifted in the air as the wood became ash.  It was always hypnotizing watching the embers, the way that soft glow shrank and expanded.  The soft sound it made as the wood was consumed.  Everything about it was enough to bring him into a trance state.  Thats why he looked away and back to the door.
He could swear the red glow was brighter, maybe closer.  That was probably just the after image on his eyes from staring at the glow.  Peter took a seat in the doorway and faced the empty black of the night.  Living on this dead planet felt like becoming a part of that darkness.  He felt that he had been fighting against it for so long that he was becoming a part of the darkness, becoming subhuman.  
Maybe now they were no longer humans, since the majority of the human species had changed and they stayed the same.  They had been left behind by evolution.  They were sub human precisely because they tried to remain human.  He often waxed philosophical on his night watch.
Lost in thought Peter was jolted back to the outside world by a sound from outside.  A sound like a footstep on gravel, maybe ten meters out.  He couldnt be sure though and didnt want to wake the others just yet.  Instead he listened hard, straining to hear even the faintest whisper of noise.  He couldnt help straining to see even though he knew it was useless.
There had not been a follow up sound, but this didnt help him to relax.  He had heard something and he wanted to know what it was.  His pack had a few flares in it, but he tried to save those for emergencies.  There were matches and lighters but the light from those wouldnt be strong enough and could only serve to give away their position without providing any advantage to them like flares would.
It was times like this that he really missed the flashlight, it would be perfect.  With no other option he stayed still and kept listening.  The light from the embers was dim enough to be hardly noticeable to him let alone a person across the street.  It was probably a lost survivor fumbling in the dark for some form of shelter.  He couldnt be sure though and he didnt want to risk discovery.
That also meant that his watch was going to go long because now he didnt want to move for fear of any noise giving him away.  Even though he had heard nothing in a while he still could not relax.  Most likely they could handle whatever or whoever was skulking around, the four of them against one or two.  A conflict would be loud and bright which would attract too much attention, and that was the one thing they did not want.  Best to avoid conflict at all costs or else it would only lead to more conflict.
The soft glow of his watch face told him that his two hours was over, still he was not ready to move.  There had still been no sound for at least a half hour, so he was relaxing a little.  He decided to give it ten minutes and if nothing happened he would wake John for his turn.
The minutes went slowly, with the adrenaline of the initial noise now worn off the weariness of the day was back even worse.  All that he could think of was sleep and that made the minutes drag on.  He was so tired that if he heard a noise he vowed to toss a flare and kill whatever was out there just so he could get some sleep.
The fact that the noise had come from an animal had never crossed his mind.  The toxin in the air that drove humans mad was linked to close to a hundred percent mortality in most non-human species.  It was like their brains couldnt handle the degradation induced by the chemical that had replaced the air.  Peter hadnt seen an animal since he started wearing his gas mask full time.  That was one thing he missed but didnt know he missed until he saw the occasional picture of a dog or cat on some long faded ad.  Just another casualty of war.  Acceptable losses, he imagined the generals thinking as they launched the attacks.
The ten minutes was up, there had been no more noise.  Still he told John about it along with the red glow.
Yah I do see something over there, its not just you, John whispered.
It hasnt moved I dont think, still just you know, watch it, Peter said.
Hm, especially after today, John said.
Yah Im off to bed, have a good watch man, Peter said.
He crawled into his bivy as quietly as he could, not wanting to wake the others.  Finally resting his head he fell into sleep faster than a rock dropped from a cliff.
Spiraling down further.  His thoughts lost connection, loose dots of light floating in the ether.

Peter woke to the buzzing of his alarm clock.  The past nights dream still vivid in his mind.  Some war dream, had been recurring for a while now.  The sleep vision machine wasnt working on him, a small percent of the population didnt respond to it, their brains not compatible.
He envied those that had the chosen dreams, the happy dreams they planned for themselves before bed.  He hadnt had one of those in almost a month now.
He had told no one, to have unregulated dreams was very illegal.  Those that werent compatible were simply not allowed to dream, they got put on a special sedative that still gave restful sleep, without dreaming.  After a few years of not dreaming though a person slowly lost connection to themselves and to reality.  Eventually having to be committed to a mental hospital.
He would rather have nightmares and odd dreams about living in some post-nuclear war world, then no dreams at all.  Not dreaming seemed like the worst kind of hell to him.  So he had not told anyone about it.
The signs of troubled sleep were a little harder to hide, but some cold water did wonders for the bags under his eyes.  A little jog on the treadmill and he looked as close to well rested as he could.  If people found out he wasnt sleeping well that would raise questions and eventually his incompatibility would be found out.
The mornings were horrible though, having to drag himself around the house to get ready for his job.  Too tired to remember to eat sometimes, lifting his feet even became hard work.  Until he had to act rested for the outside he looked and felt like a zombie.
Rolling out of bed Peter made his slow shuffle to the kitchen, the now familiar feeling of bad rest hanging over him.  The coffee machine was on a timer and this saved him the trouble of making it.  Some people still had the old machines, said that they made better coffee.  He always preferred convenience over the small taste difference, an automatic machine was fine for him.  The hot black liquid steamed in his cup, he poured cereal into his bowl and some milk from the dispenser.  He use to make breakfast before the sleep problems had started, now all he could muster in the mornings was this simple tasteless food.
The coffee cooled as he meditatively ate in front of the television wall.  The news flowed out at him like water, waves of information washing over him.
Murders in the west block, government cuts, dome leaks, filter malfunctions, protests controlled by gunfire, higher radiation in the wastes as solar flares peaked.  Always negative always entertaining, like watching something burn.  The only positive news dealt with celebrities and their lives, the positive helped make the inevitable fall into drugs and death that much more satisfying.  The only political news dealing with what the government was taking away, what corporations were getting increases in government spending.  A job was like a stock, you found a company that looked like it was going to get some government money, if it did they would pay well, if not then they would pay horrible.  They all made billions, but since there was nowhere else to work you had to accept whatever you got and just hope to get lucky.
Peter was one lucky enough to have a job where there was some government investment.  This led to a wage that allowed him to live away from the edges of the dome.  Not that far away, but far enough to feel safe.  Leaks were becoming more common as companies demanded so much tax money the government could no longer afford proper maintenance.  This was easy to get away with as only the poorest people lived near the dome and thus only the poorest had to deal with the effects of radiation and chemical poisoning.
He was beginning to see the problems in the system.  The sleep deprivation was facilitating this.  Somehow, by not having manufactured dreams anymore he was able to think outside of his little world of work and home.  He was able to see beyond consuming, beyond the simple problems of his life.  He was seeing the corruption in the world he lived in.  The only world he had ever known, it was collapsing around him.  The problems were becoming clear to him now.  Maybe he needed to find a way to fix himself, thinking like this could only lead to him taking some political action and that ended in death or prison.
There were more protests against the government now than ever before, but numbers didnt deter the police from shooting.  He would just have to keep his head down and make small changes in his own life to make a tiny difference.  Getting killed at a protest accomplished nothing.
The cereal was done and his coffee cool enough to drink.  He downed it fast hoping for that rush of caffeine to pick him up enough to get ready for work.  He let the tap run until it was freezing and dunked his head underneath.  The shock of the icy water brought him further into the world of the awake.  
He had felt cold like this before, but not from water.  That shock of icy wind, so powerful it rips through his clothing.  So powerful it makes the building hes standing beside rumble dangerously.  The people hes with huddle behind him, they have to move before the building comes down on top of them.  The hurricane wind is rare, most wind is rare, but this happens now.  Something to do with the nuclear winter he thinks, doesnt matter what causes it, its going to get them killed if they dont move.
No thats not right, that was not real, that was from one of his dreams, the ones where hes wearing the gas mask.  The ones hes been having every night since the machine stopped working on him.  He needed some good sleep, he was starting to lose the ability to separate dream memories from memories of events that had actually happened.
In his room he finds the clothes for work.  A simple uniform of a blue shirt with grey pants.  Everyone at his company wears the same uniform, men and women, builds solidarity among the employees hes been told.
The time blinks on his clock, the red glow of the clock face.  The slow blinking of the numbers.  Its hypnotic, its making him feel disconnected, like hes awake but not fully.  Drifting in his own mind, on a sea of disjointed memories and thoughts.  The red is familiar, something to be scared of, but he cant remember, just cant let it touch him, he reaches out his hand.
***
The pain was subsiding now, probably his body entering shock.  Peter opened his eyes, they had been closed so tight tears had formed.  Alicia wiped them away.
I think Im going to die, he said.
No you are not, you just have to hold on I can hear the ambulance, she said.
Peter listened, he could hear nothing.  He knew it would be a while before any help arrived out here.  He knew she was just trying to reassure him enough to hold on, she didnt have to he wasnt going to just give up and die.  He knew that he was going to die, but that didnt mean he couldnt fight against it.
I know, just in case I do, I want you to be prepared, he said.
I know Peter, but I will worry about that when we are both old and grey, she said.
He wanted to fight, just so Alicia wouldnt have to go through the pain of him dying.  He wanted to live just so he could spend more time with her, but he knew that wasnt going to happen, he could feel the effects from the amount of blood he had lost.  The fact that the pain was going away told him that his body was readying itself for the end.  Still he would fight, he would try to keep that heart beating, just for the extra minutes he could get with Alicia.

Pills
He crashes though the door, no time, he needs to get upstairs, to the drawer beside his bed.  Inside, the familiar brown bottle containing twenty six pills if his last count was correct.  He always counted how many he had left, he never wanted to risk running out.
The pills on the bed, his hands shaking.  He grabs three from the mattress, swallowing them dry.  He slumps to the floor and waits for that familiar feeling of coming up, of entering a place where everything is okay again.
The front door is open, he didnt bother closing it, there are wet footprints all over the carpet, he hadnt taken off his shoes and the bed had twenty three oxycodone pills spread across it.  He doesnt care right now, he would deal with those problems in a bit, right now he was waiting for the pills to dissolve in his stomach, for the opiate to be absorbed by the lining of his small intestine and for his blood to carry it to the receptors in his brain that were screaming for it.
Trying to last a whole work day without the drugs had been a bad idea.  He had made it until the afternoon before the cravings combined with the first symptoms of withdrawal had kicked in.  That anxiety of missing something, that along with the itch in his brain that kept repeating to him, kept telling him to just leave and get high.  That had driven him insane, to the point where it took all his will power to not just run out of the office.  Instead he had told his boss he wasnt feeling well, and walked like a normal human to his car.
The attempt at starting to quit had failed miserably.  Tapering down from taking two pills every breakfast lunch and dinner to one pill ever meal had worked.  Then came cutting out the lunch pill, he probably rushed into that one.
The problem was his doctor was no longer going to prescribe for him.  He had been caught using multiple doctors to get multiple prescriptions.  Now he was banned from any opiate.  The only way he could get more would be under doctor supervision in a hospital and he couldnt fake that for the rest of his life.  The only reason he wasnt in jail was because he had begged a few of the doctors not to testify, they were sketchy enough to agree.  But now he had to quit or he was in for a lot of pain when full detox came around.
So here he was lying on the bedroom floor, riding the beginnings of a nice oxy high.  So much for quitting, still he could always try again tomorrow, it was just a matter of will power.
That combined with some tapering of his dose and he was sure that he could kick this habit without any help.  He really had no other options.  There was always the black market, but he would never sink that low, that would be when he got help.  The day he found himself buying pills from a dealer was the day that he checked himself into rehab.
He also had an emergency option in order to restock his supply.  It was risky, but he could pull it off if he needed to.  Knowing this helped reassure him that he would be able to fix this on his own.
The itch had stopped its nagging in his brain and he stood on shaky legs.  It felt good to be high again, the three pills hit him extra because of his lowered tolerance from the tapering.  He hadnt felt truly high in a long time, mostly he just took the pills for that little kick, that little jump that made his day a little better.
The front hallway was wet from the rain that had blown in.  He closed the door and took off his shoes.  Cleaning the mess was almost enjoyable while he was floating on the high.  The lower amount of pills in the bottle made him a little upset, but he knew if he rationed them and cut back by the time he ran out he would be sober.
With the house clean and a head full of opiates he didnt know what to do with the rest of his day.  Having almost half a week-day off was nice but the problem was how to spend that time.  His friends would all be at work still as would Allie, he had a few hours to himself to just relax.
A little whisky and some coke with some ice in a glass made the high hit him a little harder, pushing him further into a state of bliss.  He was still not sure what to do as he lounged in his leather chair.  The television was on, some lame daytime show, he flipped through the satellite channels mindlessly searching for something of interest.
The problem with being a little high was that he was too high to do anything that required too much work but too sober to enjoy doing nothing.  There was no way he was going to take another pill today, he had to keep his rationing in order.  There was a lot a whisky in the bottle though and getting a little drunk would make him feel good enough to enjoy zoning out in front of the television.
The drink was strong enough to make him cough but he downed it nice a quick so it would hit him faster.  He knew that he wouldnt have enough time to completely sober up before Allie would want to hang out, but he would be sober enough to hide his intoxication.  For now he was set on enjoying the high that was now doubled by the alcohol.
The movie he had decided to watch was one that he had seen before but that was usually what he watched while intoxicated.  No point in watching something new, he wouldnt remember it.  Slowly as the movie played he began to float off into a nice comfortable nap.
His breathing slowed, his heart slowed, he was very close to being dead.  The double dose of downers had slowed his body to a point of anesthetization.  His head lolled to the side, the natural position his head slid into when he slept had saved his life before when he had vomited while totally out.  That wasnt going to happen today, his body had built up a pretty good tolerance to both the drugs and the alcohol.  Despite the bit that had been lost during the past week.
It was the sound of his phone ringing that brought him back, out of the darkness of his induced state.  It was night outside, he missed the call and saw that he had seven missed calls already.  That familiar panic set in as he realized that he had passed out and the day was gone.  That panic of missing so many calls and the excuses he would have to make.  He knew that it was Allie calling, they always met after work and spent the night together, she was probably worried sick.
He would have to cobble together some sort of excuse that made him able to hide the fact that he had got drunk and high and passed out.  It wasnt as late as he had thought and this relieved him, it only looked so dark out because of the rain.
A glass of water to help clear the dryness from his throat, he was formulating an excuse.  He would tell her that he left work early because he was feeling sick, that he came home for a nap and overslept.  He would explain the missed calls by saying his phone was on silent.  The claiming to be sick also had another benefit because it would also serve to excuse his lethargic actions and any other noticeable effects of being high.  Simply changing into some pajamas and brushing his teeth to hide the smell of booze and he was in for a nice relaxing night with Allie, free of guilt.
Hello, Allie sounded pissed.
Hey, he didnt have to try to make himself sound groggy, the drugs were doing that for him.
Where have you been, I was worried, she said.
Sorry baby, I was sick I came home early and took a nap guess I over slept, he said.
Do you want me to come over? she sounded concerned, no more anger in her voice.
Yes please, Ill make us soup, he would feel too guilty making her wait on him.
Okay, you just rest, Ill be there soon, she said.
See you in a bit, love you, he said.
Love you too.
Now he just had to make it look like he was really home napping.  Making sure the whisky was back in the liquor cabinet, messing up his bed after checking to make sure all the pills were back, and putting on his pajamas.  After brushing his teeth he began making some chicken noodle soup.  That would help him continue with the appearance of being sick and earn him some points because he was cooking.  It felt like he had dodged a pretty major bullet with this one. 
Passing out in the afternoon was something he didnt do often, usually on weekends when Allie was busy and he had the day to himself.  So passing out in the middle of the week was a little unexpected, but he had managed to hide his tracks well.
The element on the stove glowed red hot, heating the soup in the pot.  The red of the burner oscillating higher and lower maintaining the heat.  The repetitive pattern of it, the soothing colour.  It drew him in, something about it felt good.
He stood in the kitchen watching the stove.  He had learned from some very informative PSAs that when one is on drugs or alcohol one should never leave a stove unattended.  It could lead to him falling asleep and the house catching fire because of his carelessness.  So whenever he cooked high he always watched the stove.  Him and the element were good friends, its soothing red and the mesmerizing effects it had on him were nothing new.
The loud sound of his phone ringing jolted him from his relaxed state.  It was his cell, and he was pretty sure it wouldnt be Allie, she would be driving and she never talked on her phone and drove.  It was probably not one of his friends, they never really called during the week, all of them too busy with their families and other things.
The number on the caller ID was unknown, probably a telemarketer, he answered anyway.
Peter listen, the voice didnt give him a chance to speak, you need to understand something.
Who is this? Peter asked thinking this was some sort of prank.
My name is John Duchime, I am one of the people who started investigating your, how to put it, less than honest prescription dealings, the man said.
Well what? Am I in trouble? Peter knew he could be, but usually after getting caught there was no further legal action other than banning the selling of opiates to the patient.
No, actually Im calling to stop you from getting into trouble, John said.
How, what? What kind of call is this I have no idea what youre talking about, Peter said.
I know this might sound odd, even crazy but I need you to just listen.  I have been in this game for a while, Im a dealer, John said.
How do I know that?  How do I know youre not a cop? Peter said.
You dont you just have to trust me, I own one of the pharmacies that you scammed, I have seen people do this kind of stuff many times and I help them out afterward.  Im offering to sell to you man, John said.
Sure you are, this doesnt even matter anymore, Im quitting anyway, Peter said.
Yeah? Is that why you have one last forged prescription?  One that youre planning on taking to some backwater pharmacy to get filled? John was spot on, that was Peters last resort, or at least it had been.
Lucky guess, Peter believed he was either a really good undercover cop or a really crazy drug dealer.
Listen, dont do that, you will get caught, the system is not as dumb as you like to think, especially now that they have you.  If you try that you will go to jail, Im offering you a way that saves you, John said.
Okay, sure, the lure of a constant supply was enough to make Peter at least willing to risk meeting this guy.  Why would the cops go through this much trouble just to bust some small time user?  He wanted to believe this John guy was for real so he had to meet him.
Okay, meet me at the back of the strip mall tomorrow at noon? John offered.
I can do that, Peter would go on his lunch break but Im not buying anything, I just want to prove to you that Im not interested.
Sure man, whatever you say.  See you then, and toss that prescription man, it can only lead to bad news, John said as he hung up.
Peter had never dealt with drug dealers before, so this promise of a steady supply had him nervous, he had no idea how to go about it.  The guys story did check out though, he would have had Peters phone number from the file at the pharmacy, and when he thought about it the name John did seem familiar.  He could be imagining it, but he was pretty sure that he had seen a guy with that name tag behind the counter at one of the pharmacies he used to frequent.  He always kept an eye on who worked the counter to try and avoid using the same pharmacist too much.
He wasnt ready to celebrate yet, he had to make sure this deal was for real.  If it was then quitting no longer mattered, buying from a pharmacist on the black market was nothing like buying from some street dealer.  He could only hope that this was for real, he could keep using and keep living his life in a nice easy drug filled way.
Right now though dinner was his focus, the soup was simmering away and Allie would be at his place soon.  He had to hide his excitement about the drugs to make it look like he was really sick.  He had to keep up appearances, he didnt like the people in his life knowing about his drug use, they wouldnt understand.  Better to hide it from them and keep his life nice an easy, then have to try and rationalize it for them.  He knew his habit was not accepted by society, but he was a functioning member of the world.  He wasnt a junkie on the streets, he could get high and live his life just fine, but people wouldnt get that, so he kept that out of sight from the world.
Cutting some carrots for a vegetable to go with the sparse dinner he heard the doorbell ring.  Allie was here, time to put on the sick act and enjoy a nice relaxing night.
She was instantly concerned when she saw him and he had to try and play down his fake illness.  
Dont worry baby, I just felt a little bad but that nap helped, he said.
I know I just worry, when you werent answering your phone I thought something had happened.
Dont worry so much baby, nothing will happen, I was just napping.
I know but still you usually always answer I was worried that maybe you were hurt or that you were mad at me for something or I dont know I just worry, she said.
Well you shouldnt Im fine and if I was mad I would have still answered the phone, and youre my emergency contact so if I ended up in the hospital you would be the first to know, he said.
I know, do you want me to finish dinner? she asked.
No Im fine really, I can cook dinner its almost done anyway, he said.
She sat at the small table he had in the tiny room that passed for a dining room. Peter brought the soup and some water to the table.
Sorry again for worrying you, he said, he felt bad that he had put her through that just because he had gotten too high and drunk.
Its okay you were sleeping, she slurped her soup.
I know, anyway how was your day? he asked.  He wasnt very hungry but was forcing himself to eat.  He couldnt worry her anymore and if he didnt eat she would think he was really sick and force him to let her take care of him.  The guilt from playing on her love for him was something he didnt want to deal with.  It was hard enough trying to play it sober for her.  Now that the adrenaline was wearing off he could feel the effects of the drugs coming back.  That feeling like floating, his thoughts drifting in his head.  He had to focus and keep up the act.
It was good, nothing special, Dan was pushing pretty hard, he wants the project done soon.  I dont care, its his fault for creating an unreasonable time frame and its his ass on the line, no reason I should have to bust mine, she kept talking.
He liked when she had pent up anger and excitement, it meant that she would talk and all he had to do was nod in the right places.  It let him enjoy her company and the effects of the opiate in his brain.  He just had to keep forcing the soup down, keep up the appearance.
After dinner he had to force her out of the kitchen to let him clean up.  There was nothing more he would have loved then to allow her to clean, but the guilt would get him.  
Guilt was odd for him, he only felt it when it came to things around Allie, that was why he had fallen in love with her.  No one had been able to bring that feeling out in him, she made him feel normal.  The drugs were a way for him to keep his mind under control, but Allie was a way for him to remind himself that he was human.
The sound of the water pouring from the tap, like white noise on his brain.  Amazing how sound would take on almost magic properties when he was in this state.  Amazing how everything became easier, how pretending and faking became easier.  He couldnt imagine life without the drugs, he couldnt remember how he had got through life before them.
With the kitchen clean they settled down to watch a movie, he was able to sprawl out under a blanket and enjoy the last dregs of his high.  After this part he would feel the after effects for a while, those got him through the night.  In the morning he would be able to start his day with two pills again.  He could no longer remember why he had thought he could quit.  Why he even wanted to, there was no way he could live his life without the drugs.
He had batted around the idea of drinking to replace the drugs.  Drinking was a little more socially acceptable, it was something he could do in public, it was easier to get, and he wouldnt have to risk jail time over it.  The problem with drinking was that it dulled his mind too much.  It also had a few more harmful physical effects at least in the doses he needed to achieve the same level that the drugs brought him.  He had given drinking a fair trial after the first incident, but it had failed him.  The drugs allowed him to keep his intelligence intact, didnt cause a hangover and made him feel better.  Alcohol was a Band-Aid, Oxy was the cure.
He couldnt really pay attention to the movie, but it was still enjoyable to have a story shot at him from the screen.  Something easy and distracting, something to enjoy being high to.  With the movie over Allie had to leave.  She had work in the morning and he was in no state to have sex so he didnt bother even trying.  He probably wouldnt be able to get it up.
Have a good night sleep, she said at the door.
I will, you drive safe, he was tired, the drugs leaving his system.
I will, I love you, she said.
Love you too, he said, we should talk about maybe you moving in.
Moving in with you? she said.
Yah, like it would be good, we could spend more time with each other and nights when I come home and take a nap you wouldnt have to worry, he said, wondering where this sudden outburst had come from.
That sounds good to me, we will talk about it tomorrow? she was ecstatic, he could hear it in her voice.  Still he didnt know why he had just sprung that on her, was he really that out of it?
Yep, you have a good sleep and drive safe, he said.
They kissed and he watched her drive off.  Having Allie move in now wouldnt be a problem.  He had a steady supply of drugs lined up so he wouldnt have to worry about returning to the bottle, or to what he was before.  Having her live with him would be good for both of them, it also meant that he could see her more and that would help him stay connected to humanity.  Everything was looking brighter now, he had drugs, a girlfriend that was going to live with him, his job and no worries about having to return to what he was.
Amazing how much a day could improve with one phone call.  His life was back on track, he no longer had to worry about painful sobering up, or about going back to drinking.  He felt great as he drifted off to sleep.
He could see her face, as she sat, tied up in the shed.  She is so young, so innocent, so battered, so dirty.  He throws the Molotov into the shed, the shed he had filled with dry wood, dry tinder.  Dry wood that he had used to beat her with.  Beat her until he could hear bones cracking, beat her until the wood cracked, until his arm was tired.
The fire is instant, the red and orange of the flame consumes her.  She was still alive but barely.  The beating had almost killed her.  He wished that she was conscious, he would have enjoyed watching her writhe in the flame.  He would have loved to hear her scream but that was too risky so she had to be gagged.
It doesnt take long for the shed to become a smoldering pile, he can still feel the heat from the fire on his skin.  The embers are glowing, clearly visible in the coming dark of night.  There isnt much left of her, just some charred bones.  The heat of the fire would have probably destroyed any evidence, still he had to hide this mess.  Has to hide all of it, thats going to take all night and a lot of digging.
If nobody is ever found then there can be no murder, until a body is found its just a missing person.  Thats why he spends the night shoveling the ashes into the hole he dug.  Thats why he sweeps the ground clean and pours down fresh topsoil over the char marks.  Thats why he plants the wild grasses and fertilizes them.  The plants will take a while to grow but hopefully it will take a while for anyone to come here.
He plants the tree for himself, to mark the spot where his first body lays.  To mark the spot where he felt what it was like to have complete power over a life, to end a life, to watch a person burn.  The tree is for him.
His alarm wakes him from the dream.  It has been a long time since he had that dream.  Must be something to do with the constant switching of drug levels, but that no longer mattered.  Today he would meet this John person and have a nice supply lined up.  Today was the beginning of the rest of his life.
The headache from coming down is easily killed by taking two of the oxycodone.  Two will probably have him a little higher then he would like going into work, but soon his tolerance would be back up.  Two was the perfect amount, enough to let him know he was high, enough to feel good, but not enough to have him incapacitated.
Even with the drugs the morning drags on.  The dream from last night is still nagging at him.  What if the drugs are no longer helping?  What if he is heading back down that road again despite the drugs?  These questions nag at him.  He knows that it was only a dream but it sticks with him.  
The excitement to meet his new dealer makes the morning take forever.  When noon finally comes he almost runs out of the office.  He has an hour to talk to this guy, he really hopes that this is the real deal.  It would be a huge hit if this whole thing turned out not to happen.  He let himself get too excited, he had let himself get carried away.
He pulls into the spot at the front of the mall and looks around.  Every car looks like a cop car when youre paranoid.  He has been in situations like this before, and with much worse crimes hanging over his head.  This should be nothing, his main worry comes down to not getting any drugs.  That would be worse than getting arrested.
The back of the mall looks empty, he walks down it anyway.  Hoping that this guy didnt blow him off.
Hey man, you came, John is leaning behind an alcove.
Yeah, of course I did, Peter tries to hide the fact that he is startled by the sudden appearance of John.
Cool, so what do you need? he asks.
Well what I was getting before I guess, Peter says.
Thought so, how many you want? John asks.
Well as many as three hundred bucks will get me, Peter says.  He had planned ahead for this, getting as much money as he could spare together.  He wanted to keep his interaction with dealers down to a minimum.  The more pills he bought the longer it would be before he had to see John again.
Nice, good thing I brought a decent supply, John pulls out a large brown bottle with the prescription label torn off.
Lets see, I can offer you, he pauses as he stares at the pills in the bottle, forty pills just cause I like you and you know bulk discount and all that, John counts the pills into a baggie.
Sweet, Peter hopes this is the right price, he has no idea what the real value of oxycodone is.  Only forty pills for three hundred bucks means that he is going to have to cut back despite having a dealer.  He hadnt thought that they would cost this much.  He doesnt want all his income going toward drugs, that would defeat the purpose of taking them, that would ruin his life not help him start a new one.
He hands John the money and John gives him the bag.
So how do I contact you if I need more? Peter asks pocketing the baggie.
Ill give you my number and just text me, I dont answer calls, John writes his number down on a slip of paper and hands it to him.
Thanks, Ill see you later then, Peter says as he walks away.
Sure man, John is counting the money.
In his car Peter counts the pills hoping that there is the right amount, theres no one he can really complain to if he just go ripped off.  To his relief all forty are there, and they all look like legitimate pills.  He was worried that the street ones might be less reliable despite Johns claim at being a pharmacist.
Firing up the engine Peter drives back to work, thoughts of a new life dancing in his head.  He can afford the cost of the pills if he drops down to three a day and watches his spending, he can make this work.  He can have a wife and a job and the drugs and no longer have to worry about killing.  No longer have to feel that urge, that desire to watch a life burn away in front of him.  Hopefully no longer see her face in his dreams, dreams that he enjoyed even though they worried him.  His mind was alight with the possibilities of a fresh start.
***
The air was fresh, it was filling his lungs.  His blood was still pumping, carrying that oxygen to his brain, his muscles his body.  The smell of the plants surrounding him filling his nose, sending signals to his brain, making connections to the smells.  His brain still firing, neurons still connecting.  His heart was still beating, he was still conscious, still alive.  This life was not going to leave him, he was going to make it through this and come back.  Survive the worst event of his life and be stronger for it.  In the end he was glad that it was him lying on the ground bleeding and not Alicia.  He was glad that she was fine.
Anger at himself for not wearing his seatbelt, such a simple way to have avoided this situation.  Now he was most likely never going to walk again, if he even made it through this, the ambulance was still not here but some police had arrived.  They were taking care of Alicia, the cop helping him had told him.  The bleeding had stopped, he was wrapped in gauze and had an Ontario provincial police officer holding pressure on the worst of his bleeding.  It felt good to have some professional help arrive, to be able to let Alicia get some help and to be able to relinquish himself into the pain.
No longer having to keep up an act of feeling better than he did was freeing.  He was able to drift in and out, to groan without feeling like he was hurting her, to embrace what his body was going through.  Dropping the act was freeing.
How bad? he asked.
Not going to lie, you are pretty bad.  The fact youre still conscious is a good sign though, and I think I stopped the bleeding.  Once EMS arrives and you get to a hospital you got a pretty good chance man, the cop said.
The look of concern was genuine, it was nice to hear the truth from someone.  To know that he was really messed up, but that there was also a pretty good chance that he could be fixed.  Maybe not completely fixed, and maybe not even survive, but knowing that he could be worse was nice.
Hows Alicia, she seemed pretty upset, I couldnt really tell if she was hurt? he asked.
Shes fine, dont worry about her, just got to focus on yourself now, the cop said.
Why he drifted off, entering that grey space between conscious reality and unconscious reality.  
You got to stay with me man, the cop said.
Hard, pain, hard to, he was struggling to speak.  The lure of unconsciousness was pulling him in.  The thought of escape, even if it was only for a moment, was something he felt he really needed.  He wanted to get away from this.
Listen to me, my names John, do you remember that? he asked.
My names Peter, you already told me yours, he said, wanting to prove that his brain was still working, that he was fine, then maybe this guy would let him slip away from this.
Okay Peter, you have to stay with me, I know its tempting to just rest but I need you to stay awake so I can keep monitoring you okay, John said.
Hard, Peter said.
I know, you just gotta last a little more though, the ambulance will be here soon and they will let you relax, John said.
Peter opened his eyes, they had been floating between open and closed for a while.  He saw the flower, moving in the breeze.  The red flower, he didnt know what kind, never had been good at gardening.  Alicia would know, she loved flowers.  That was why he always bought her a bouquet on Fridays.  In the summer he would buy her plants for the garden, tools that she needed, anything she wanted.  Gardening made her happy and he liked seeing her happy.  
It had been hard after the first miscarriage, the second and third had been devastating.  That was when they had stopped trying, deciding to accept their fate and enjoy each other as much as they could.  To enjoy their lives and hobbies.  He had his sailboat that he was restoring and she had the garden and baking.  They tried new things and lived life to the fullest, trying to forget that empty bedroom.
Seeing her happy was nice, especially on days where he would catch her looking at a young couple playing with a toddler.  Sadness in her eyes, a touch of envy.  He always tried to cheer her up when he caught her on days like that.  He would catch himself looking sometimes too, or standing outside that room imagining what a child of his own would be like.  
They had moved on, now they were past that prime time of child raising.  It was easier now, knowing that it wouldnt really make much sense to have a kid, knowing that it would limit their freedom, be stressful and all the other negatives.  Just sometimes it felt like they were telling lies to themselves.
The flower he was staring at was not the healthiest flower.  The petals were a little wilted, the stem a little thin, but it was still beautiful.  Amazing how beauty could happen, even on the side of the road.  Amazing how he could notice beauty even as he floated on the brink of life and death.
In the distance he could see Alicia, leaning against the police car, looking at him as John tended to his wounds.  A look of fear, and grief in her eyes.  He wanted to make it all go away to make it better for her.  All they had was each other and they were not ready to give that up.  He wished that he could tell her he would be fine and to know that that was the truth.  He couldnt do that though, he knew he was not saved yet, knew that he could still die.  It was hard for her, harder than it was for him.  He could not imagine watching her cling to life on the side of the road.  The pain he felt physically must be a hundred times stronger for her.  He wanted to take that all away, he felt powerless.
Can you please tell my wife that Ill be okay, he said.
Peter, I cant, John said.
I know, I know you cant because that would be a lie.  But please lie to her for me I want her to at least have a little relief, even if I do die at least she would have had that, at least it wont be all negative, he said.
Okay, John moved.
Peter looked at the flower and let himself fall into the grip of unconsciousness again.  Only for a little bit this time, just enough to escape for a little.

Exam Room 3
Peter left the room.  Jenny was right outside still waiting.
Everything okay, what did he say? she asked.
Hes schizophrenic, just went on about escaping from some government base, aliens, disasters coming, men in black chasing him that whole deal.  He is no longer in reality, Peter said.
Shame, so do you want him committed? Jenny asked.
Yeah, at least until we can find some family and talk to them about treatment, Peter said.
He filled out the chart and the necessary paperwork.  It seemed like a pretty straight forward case, but it was still troubling him.
The part that got to him was that the guys story was not too farfetched, and his facts did add up.  If he had acted normal and not just walked into a hospital and refused to talk he would just think he was a conspiracy theorist.  It was only those initial actions that had led to his diagnoses.  That was what was troubling him, but schizophrenia did present in many different ways.  It was a very mysterious illness.
He had to take a break, sit in his office and go over what that John Doe had said.  He turned to go down the hall where his small cramped office was when someone tapped him on the shoulder.
Dr. Lawson? the man asked.
Yes, Peter said.  There were two men, both almost identical, wearing black suits.  They looked like the secret service.  Terror shot through his system, the John Doe was telling the truth.
We understand that you had a patient admitted just now?
Yes, he tried to sound as casual as he could.
Where is he? the man asked.
Are you family? Peter would rely on protocol to save him.
No, I am special agent ONeil, this is special agent Bradley, they flashed FBI badges at him, the man you saw today is a criminal we are here to arrest him.
Well Ill need to see a warrant, I just had him committed, Peter said.
Why? Did he say anything to you? the agent that had not spoken yet asked.
No, thats why I had him committed, hes a catatonic schizophrenic, Peter said.  He didnt know why he had lied but if what the John Doe had said was true then it would be best for him to not let on that he knew anything.
Well I hope you understand that anything he might have said can get you in a lot of trouble, that man is a rouge agent selling secrets to the highest bidder, the agent said.
Okay, he didnt tell me anything though, Peter said.
I also hope you understand that in cases of treason where national security is on the line I do not need a warrant, Im only asking you to tell me where he is to save myself the trouble of locking this hospital down and tearing it apart to find him, the agent said, his single tone voice rising in anger.
I still cant tell you, its my job on the line, Im just following procedure, Peter said.
Well then I guess we will have to do this the hard way, that also involves your arrest for harboring an enemy of the state, the agent said.
I dont think youll need to do that, Jenny had overheard the conversation from the nurses desk and come over to his rescue, hes in that room, exam room 3.
Thank you miss, you saved me a lot of paper work, the agent said as his partner walked over to the closed door.
They flung it open and in a few seconds emerged with the John Doe in cuffs, held between them.
You two have a good day now, one of the agents said as they led Peters former patient out to the elevator.
What was that all about? Jenny asked.
They wanted to arrest him without a warrant, you know I cant legally allow that to happen, Peter said.
Not that, why did you lie to them?  What did that man say? she asked.
Nothing, really, just some gibberish, Peter said.
Then why didnt you tell them that? She asked.
I didnt think it was important, Peter said.  He knew Jennys heart was in the right place, that she was just concerned with him but he really wanted her to stop asking questions.  He had just realized his mistake, the flaw that could lead to his lie getting figured out.
Well they are going to know when they check what you wrote on the chart, Jenny said.
I know, Peter said turning away.
They havent requested it yet, she said.
Well lets hope they dont then, he said walking to his office.
What did he say? What could he have said that warrants lying to the FBI? she followed him.
Nothing, something about aliens and disasters, I was just trying to protect my patient, he said.
If it was random gibberish then you should have just told them, this is only going to lead to them coming back and you getting into trouble, she said.
I know that, go get me the chart, he said.
Too late, I already sent it down, I didnt know I was going to have to assist you in forging it later, she said.
Shit, well I guess Ill deal with them once they figure it out, I was just trying to protect my patient, he said.  He knew that he was going to have to get out of here soon, before they figured his lie out.  He was terrified but he didnt let on.  If he did get caught he would have to hold onto the defense that he was only protecting his patient.  That was his only recourse, he would play dumb and just say that he didnt believe a word that had come out of his mouth, that he honestly believed he was a disturbed person, and hope that somehow that would save him.  He also knew that if he did get caught there would be no trial, no judge and probably no way to talk his way out of it.
Well Im sure its nothing anyway, Jenny said walking back to her spot at the station.
Peter entered his office and began thinking about what the John Doe had told him.  Something about how he was a former employee at a top secret government base, about how the government was planning for the end of the world.  How those in power knew that disasters were coming, that large population areas would be wiped out, that they could evacuate these areas but were not.  How those in power wanted the global population reduced, so that those that remained could be more easily controlled.  The reason for this was that they had made contact with an alien race.  This alien race wanted to enslave the planet, wanted control.  In exchange for making this handover of human slaves easier the aliens had promised the people that helped with a place of power in the new society.
They knew that against seven billion humans the planet would just end up a ruined wreck in the war, so disasters were engineered.  The Aliens would wipe out major human populations and make it all look like an act of god.  Then they would arrive as saviors, offering peace and a better life to the remaining humans.  The leaders of the humans would encourage everyone to follow what the invaders asked.  They would say that a little sacrifice was necessary for a better future.  People would go willingly to work for their new overlords, thinking that they had been saved, that they were helping the future and humanity as a whole.  Then a whole generation of slaves would be born and those in power would sit with their alien masters and enjoy the spoils of the masses working below them.
That was the gist of what the John Doe had said.  It was logical enough, but the last bit, what he said that made it all come true for Peter.  He had said that after Peter left the room two men would arrive claiming to be federal agents.  That these two men would arrest him and then kill him.  That was why he really regretted filling out that chart when he had.  That was why he was now scared for his life and was in the process of coming up with an escape plan.  A way to save himself.  He didnt care about telling the world, he would gladly keep his mouth shut in exchange for his life, but he knew that men like this didnt work that way.
There was no way out in his office and the fact that he needed to get out of the hospital as quickly and with as few people seeing him was dawning on him.  Peeking out of his office he could see that the hall was empty, at the end, five doors down the red fire exit sign.  His glowing redemption over the door to the staircase that no one used.  The door was not alarmed and if he made it down the hall and into that door getting out of the hospital would be nothing.
Bracing himself and making sure he had anything he would need from his office he made his way down the hall toward the exit sign.  Then he heard the foot steps behind him, someone was walking in his direction from the down the hall.  Going into the staircase now would only raise suspicion so to kill some time until whoever was in the hall left he knocked on one of the doors.
It was Dr. Petels office and Peter knew that he wasnt in today so pretending to wait for him to answer the door was a perfect cover.  He glanced down the hall and saw that the person he had heard behind him was a patient and they were talking to Dr. Mitchell.  He decided to make a go for it while they were engaged in conversation, hoping that he would not be noticed. 
With the door closing behind him he didnt look back, he would never know if his exit went unobserved.  In the parking lot he was faced with another dilemma, how to get to his car and get out past security.  They would let him out no problem, but his exit would be noticed if the FBI was waiting.  The sooner he was known to be out of the hospital the sooner they would be onto him, so he had to think of ways to give himself more time.
That was why he was sitting on the bus, trying to relax by focusing on the ads plastered throughout the vehicle.  If he got home and nothing happened, if the agents had bought his story and not bothered to look at the chart he would take a cab back and grab his car.  Alice would wonder what was up but she would also understand when he explained it to her.  She would think he was silly for over reacting but she would understand.
He would tell Jenny and everyone that he had not been feeling well and had just slipped out.  He would tell them he didnt think he could drive he felt so ill so he took a cab home.  Easy way to not look like he was crazy for reacting so strongly to a random series of events.
The problem he was having was what would to do if they had found everything out?  That part he did not know, and he hoped he wouldnt have to figure it out.  This was where the regret began to sink in.  Maybe if he had just told the truth everything would have been okay, maybe he wouldnt be sitting on a bus heading home because he thought the FBI was chasing him.
Maybe he was losing his mind?  Maybe his job was finally catching up to him and he was letting a deranged individuals delusion get him to this point.  He no longer knew, but he hoped that it was a case of mass hysteria or something like that because if this was real he felt he was in for a lot of problems.
The bus came to a stop and he got off.  Walking to his home would allow for him to make sure nothing was amiss, that there were no strange cars parked anywhere, that it wasnt swarming with men in black suits. The walk would also give him a chance to clear his head and think about the situation he now found himself in.
If that man had been telling the truth what then?  Did he have to look forward to a life of dodging agents and hit men out to kill him?  Did he have some sort of obligation to tell the world?  Not that anyone would believe him.  No agency would chase after a man with a secret that if told to anyone would have him committed to a psyche ward.  They would let him live his life in peace and everything would be okay.  He was starting to feel better.  The only way what he knew could be dangerous to them would be if the operation was going to start soon.  If weird disasters started happening and he was the one with the answers to offer the confused populace then he would be a danger.  That was the only way, and if the operation began he felt he would drop on their list of priorities.
Feeling a little safer he approached his house.  There was nothing wrong with it from the outside, everything looked fine.  No black cars, no men in suits, he had overreacted, letting his imagination run with the delusions of a patient.  This was all just something he would be able to laugh about tomorrow.  Then his phone rang.
Peter, run, now, the voice said.
What? Who is this, he asked stopping in the sidewalk.
Shut up and if you want to live you have to turn around and run back the way you came, trust me, Ill meet you at the corner of Bedford and Charles in ten minutes, the person on the phone hung up.
Now he had no idea.  He only hoped Alice wasnt home, getting her involved in this was the last thing he wanted to do.  That was where he would go, to her work so he could meet her, and then he would meet this mysterious caller.  There was no real reason that he could see for any concern though.
That was the problem, clearly something was up, but what.  What if this caller was working against him and just wanted to lure him into an easy trap.  He was not falling for that, there was nothing suspicious around his house, there was no reason to go meet Alice at work and escape out of the city.  He could get home, gather himself and wait for her to come home.  Even shadowy government organizations wouldnt commit a home invasion in broad daylight.  Of course they could just arrest him, but he would deal with that if it came.  
He was starting to feel that his reaction to this whole situation might be a little over the top.  He needed to get home, have a drink and think this over.
The front door was still locked, nothing was disturbed, everything seemed normal.  Stepping inside his home, slowly, alert for anything.  He had never been this scared entering his own house before.  That was something new he could add to his list of experiences when this whole situation was over.
Nothing looked out of place, nothing was amiss, his house seemed normal.  Of course it would be normal, no one had been in it because he was acting crazy and no one was after him in any serious way.  They probably just wanted to talk to him, the threatening phone call just a scare tactic to get him to meet with them.  This whole thing was just a giant misunderstanding.  He would talk his way out of it and everything would be back to normal in the morning.
Eventually they would show up at his house, so he decided to just wait there for them and confront this whole thing like a man.  Deal with the problem, explain that he had heard nothing important and that he just got a little freaked out and made some bad decisions when they had interviewed him.
Sitting in his chair, trying to calmly watch television, drinking some tea and trying to make the whole situation seem normal.  It was hard, deep down he knew that this was not normal, that this was a dangerous corner he had got himself into.  He tried ignoring these thoughts, tried focusing on the television.  It wasnt working, he was becoming anxious.  The thoughts were taking over his mind, his heart was racing, a cold sweat all over his body.  As much as he tried to ignore it he was dreading that ring on the doorbell that he knew would come soon.
He almost passed out when his phone rang on the table beside him.  He always jumped when his phone rang, it usually meant some form of bad news.  Either he had to come into work, something with Alice and her work, something going wrong at the house, usually bad news.  This time was no different.
So you decided to just go home eh? the voice asked.
Yep, and you can come talk to me anytime, this is all just a misunderstanding, Peter said, trying to sound calm.
No its not, Im trying to save your life, I want to know what our agent told you and youre no use to us dead, so I need to keep you away from those agents, the voice said.
How do I know youre not one of them?
You dont, and now it doesnt matter because you have just walked right into their hands, the voice said.
How?  No one is here, Peter said.
Look you have three minutes you idiot, get out of your house and start running, if you dont do that then youre committing suicide and I dont care anymore, this is your last chance, the click of the phone being hung up. 
The call pushed Peter to leave the house, just to do something, he couldnt sit still.  He was wound up and needed to let this blow over, and maybe it would give him a chance to observe his house to see if anyone came by.  He knew a spot where he could sit and watch the house without being seen.
He made his way over there as fast as he could, knowing that he was giving into this craziness again.  But checking that the voice on the phone was telling the truth wasnt that crazy.  If in a few minutes no cars had shown up at his house then he knew that the guy on the phone was lying and that he could just go back inside and relax.
Once he got to the spot he realized that he had forgotten his phone on the table.  His brain was too messed up with everything, he was starting to lose his sense of control.
A couple minutes went by and he was just about to leave the spot and make his way back home when he saw the first car pull up.  Then the next car followed by a black windowless van.  That was when he turned away from his home and ran.
He sprinted down the street, making his way to the location that the person on the phone had told him to go.  He was starting to believe that maybe this guy was really on his side, that maybe he was telling the truth at least a little bit.  He was also happy that he had kept up with his daily jogging because he couldnt stop running.  The fear was too great.  The fact that this whole scenario was happening, that it was coming true was too much for him.  He had to run, had to try and escape this insanity.  Aliens, human enslavement, informants, agents in black suits chasing after him.  It didnt feel real.
He slowly realized that a man dressed in dress pants, a shirt and tie wearing loafers, running as fast as he was would probably draw some attention.  He was noticing that people he passed were staring at him oddly.  He forced himself to slow down to a walk, forced himself to look as casual as he could.  There were a few more blocks between him and the meeting spot.  Not having his phone he hoped that the person from the phone call would be there.  There was no other way that he could be contacted, and if he was running from the government he felt that was a good thing.
The problem was that he now had to find Alice and make sure she was safe before they got to her.
Forcing himself to walk was getting hard, the urgency of his situation was nagging at him.  He could feel the tension in his legs, the urge to run, but he couldnt, had to try and blend into the crowd surrounding him.  He was almost at the spot where the initial meeting had been planned.  He had to think of an escape route in case it was a trap, a way to make sure he could at least get to Alice and save them both.  He was stuck in a situation that was rapidly deteriorating.  He knew that she would be next on the list of people these supposed FBI agents were going to visit next.  
If this wasnt a trap and he was meeting with some resistance organization then he would get them to bring him to her office so he could grab her and they could both go underground.  She would have a tough time believing him, she might even think he had gone nuts, but he didnt care.  She would realize the truth eventually all he cared about was her safety.  She was the only thing of real value to him right now.
The corner was busy with the early rush hour traffic of both pedestrians and vehicles.  He supposed that was why it had been chosen, easy to hide in a crowd.  No one had approached him, he could see nothing that looked promising, he also saw nothing that looked like it belonged to the agents.  The man on the phone had given him no way to signal his arrival, he supposed that they knew what he looked like somehow and that they would initiate contact.  He also knew that if this was a trap the crowd was a good thing because it made escape easier.
Standing on the corner, his shirt sticking to the sweat on his body, his heart racing, his mind going over every situation, examining every face that passed by, every person.  He had been here for a few minutes, but the waiting felt like hours, days weeks.  Time gets distorted when its all you can think about.  When your brain is moving faster than the planet around the sun.
Across the street he can see a man in a black suit, black sunglasses, scanning the crowd.  He is looking the other way right now, but Peter knows that soon he will find him.  On the other corner he can see another man, standing beside a black car that is illegally parked.  They must have found him, listened in on the phone call and come here after they found the house empty.
He turns his back to the two men and begins walking away from them.  He would have to deal with this on his own.  The day was fading even thought it was still early.  Fall was eating the last of summers sunlight.  He had to get to Alice soon, she would be leaving work and that was when they would grab her in order to make it as clandestine as possible.  Grabbing her from her office would make too much of a scene, they were probably camped out at his home waiting for her to arrive.  He had to get to her, there was no time to wait for this mysterious caller to help him.
A gust of wind blows a pile of leaves across the road, he watches them swirl in the air as he looks for a taxi that he can grab.  He has enough cash to get him to her office.  He knows that he has to try and make the cash last, using a card would basically be the same as calling them up and telling them where he was.  He looks back and sees that the agents havent moved, a good sign.  He is almost a block away from them now, still blending into the crowd.  He also sees a taxi approaching, looking for fares.  He begins to hail it when there is a tap on his shoulder.  He whips around ready to fight, not ready to give in quietly to them.
The man is wearing a plain t-shirt and jeans, looks like a normal guy.  He calms down.
Peter Lawson? the man asks.
How do you know my name, Peter looks around he is glad that there a so many people, maybe one of them will step in to help.
Im here to help, please get into the cab, the man motions to the taxi that Peter was just about to hail.
Why should I trust you? Peter asks.  He knows that at this point his options are limited on trust, but that doesnt mean he should blindly follow strangers around.  He has a wife to think about and if he gets caught then she will have to face this all alone.
Well you can trust me or them, the man motions toward the agents who have now crossed the street.  They are still far enough away, but are moving in their direction.
Shit, okay, Peter says.
The man opens the door on the cab and they both get in as it pulls away from the curb.  Looking back Peter can see that the agents hadnt noticed them, but they had been close.
Look, if you really are on my side I need your help, Peter asks.
I know that, without our help you would already have a nine millimeter sized chunk of lead in your brain, the man says.
I know, but I need your help to get my wife, she must be in danger, Peter says.
She is, she is in the most danger she has ever been in, the man looks at him, Peter, I wish we could help her but it is too late, they got to her before we could.
No, no, youre lying, stop the car now, Peter tries opening the door.  He has to get out, there is no way she could have been caught already they wouldnt try to get her while she was at work.  This man was working for them, he was lying in order to get him to give up easy.
I wish I was Peter, but you have to relax, shes not dead, the man said.
Of course shes not dead she hasnt been caught either, Peter could not believe him.
Look, they got her as soon as they realized you had snuck out of the hospital, they are holding her because they know it will allow them to lure you in, the man said.
No, thats not true, the cabs door was locked, he started yelling at the driver to stop.
Peter I need you to calm down, we are going to try to get her back, but first we need to get you safe okay, the man did sound concerned.
How do I know that huh?  How do I know that youre on my side?  How do I know that youre not working for them?
You dont, I dont know how I can get you to trust me, I know that this whole situation is crazy and I would be freaking out too but you have to trust me, I am on your side, the man said.
Well I guess since you have me trapped in a cab thats heading somewhere unknown I dont really have a choice, Peter could see that he was stuck.  Even if they were working against the government they were still holding him like a prisoner.
I know its hard, but we need you alive, we need to know what Nick told you, and frankly your life above ground is over, they will never leave you or your wife in peace until you are dead.
Fucking shit, this is bull shit, I didnt ask for this, how can one patient screw up my life like this?  Fuck your operative, whats his name? Nick? Thats the John Does name?  Why did he have to come to me?  Why would you idiots implicate me in your stupid shit? Peter was screaming.
I dont know why he came to the hospital, maybe because there was nowhere else, maybe he knew he was being tracked, he knew that he had to tell someone who would take notes and remember what he had said, a doctor would seem to be a logical choice, and hospitals are usually safe places.  The fact that they arrested him there tells me that they are desperate, that he had some very serious information. The man said.
Yeah well fuck that, my life is ruined now because of this, I didnt ask for this, Peter slumped in his seat.  His wife had been abducted according to this man, he knew that he was being chased by some shadowy organization and all because some spy or something had decided to tell him a story about a government base.
And I dont think he even told me anything that you guys wouldnt already know, if youve formed a resistance then you probably already know about the invasion, Peter said, no longer finding the whole alien thing that amazing, he had more immediate problems, more pressing ones.  He needed to get out of here, he was going to make a move, attack this guy, kick out a window, he needed to get to Alice.
We do, but we need to give you a full interview to understand everything he told you, to find out what had him so spooked that he would tell a civilian instead of going through the regular channels, the man said.
Whatever, I dont have much choice do I?  All I care about it making sure my wife is safe, where are we going anyway? Peter asked, and how is some little resistance group going to save my wife, how would you even have the power to do that?  He needed to keep this man talking, distracted, so he could make his move.
We have operatives in many different organizations, we have been around as long as they have, we will get your wife back, it wont be easy but we are confident we can do it, the man said.
Yah well, how about telling me where youre taking me, Peter was unfamiliar with the streets they were on.  He had lost track of where he was half way through this ride, on top of that he had just noticed the gun in the drivers hand, he could see it reflected in the rear view mirror.  His heart sank, getting himself killed would do nothing to help Alice.
I cant really do that, in fact I am going to have to blindfold you soon, the man said.
Great, this just keeps feeling safer and safer by the minute, I dont even know your name, and you want me to trust you.  This is looking more and more like a kidnapping, Peter said.
Yes, I can see how this looks, my names Tomas if that helps you to feel a little more safe, the man said.  He had taken a black canvas hood from his pocket.
So Im gonna have to wear that now, like some kind of prisoner of war heading to a secret jail, Peter said.
Yes, Im very sorry but we have to take precautions, those have helped us to keep fighting for as long as we have, Tomas said.
Yeah, whatever, its not like I have a choice anyway, Peter took the hood and slipped it over his head.
All they could see was black now, at least he got to put it on himself.  That gave him the feeling of a little more control.
Once again I am very sorry about this, Tomas said.
Sure, look, I am going to have to trust you because right now, according to you, you guys and your organization are the only chance I have of seeing Alice again so as long as you get her back I dont care, Peter said.
Understood.  Jeremy, please feel free to take us to the base now, Tomas spoke to the driver.
Yes sir, the driver said.
Peter felt the cab speed up, the driving becoming less relaxed as they sped toward this secret location.  He suspected that they had been on a holding pattern until Tomas could convince him to put on the hood.  He tried to keep track of the turns they were making in case he had to escape, but it was impossible without his vision.
Now he was a prisoner of the side that claimed to be against the side that was chasing him.  He didnt feel much safer, but at least according to Tomas he held some information that would be of value to this side.  That gave him some power in this whole ordeal, it felt nice to have a little bit of an upper hand.
The car stopped, it was sudden and he was flung against the seatbelt.
Were here, Tomas said taking the hood of his head.
They were in some kind of warehouse, small and dark.  The driver came around to his side and opened the door.  He stood up, the air was musty, unused.  There was the smell of rust and dry rot in the air.  The tiny place was empty, lit by a weak light bulb above their heads.  If this was the headquarters of the revolution or freedom fighters or whatever these people called themselves then he was in more trouble than he had initially thought.  There was no way a group based out of here could accomplish anything.
Follow me please, Tomas said. 
This place is a dump, its not really helping me feel like I can trust you to get Alice back, Peter didnt bother holding back, there was nothing to lose at this point.
Just follow me please, Tomas began moving toward the back corner of the room.  The driver had got back in the cab and was reversing out of the garage door they had come in.  It was a dim twilight outside, the day had gone while he was sitting under the hood.
He walked over to where Tomas was standing.  Tomas bent over and lifted a panel off the floor.  There was circular hatch under it, one locked by a combination tumbler.  Like a large floor safe.  Tomas opened the door and there was a ladder leading down, he couldnt see the bottom it was so dark.
You have to go first I got to lock up, just once you hit the bottom move to the side and wait for me, Tomas said.
How do I know this isnt some prison that youre locking me in? Peter asked trying to think of a way out, if the driver had a gun chances were that this guy did too.
 Well if you would feel safer you can wait on the ladder and we can go down together, Tomas said.
Sure, Peter climbed down the ladder far enough for Tomas to climb after.
Once the door was closed the small amount of light they had been getting was gone.  He had to feel his way down the ladder and every step he expected to hit solid ground he was met by another rung.
How far down is this? he asked.
Not too much further, you understand that in this case going underground means literally going underground, Tomas said.
Nice pun, take you all day for that one? Peter asked.
Not all day, just keep climbing, Tomas said.
He was getting ready to ask if there was a bottom when his foot finally landed on the ground.  He stepped off the ladder and tried to feel his way around.  It was hard, the room being so dark that he almost got a sense of vertigo from it.
Just hold on a sec and Ill get the lights working, Tomas said.  He pulled a dim flashlight from his pocket.
The room revealed by the faint light was tiny and very claustrophobic.  It did feel a little bit like a cell and this had Peter worried, maybe Tomas was some kind of torturer and he had just walked into the interrogation chamber with him.
Then there was light, from a door sliding open at the end Tomas was standing at.
Okay, now before we go in I have to tell you a few things, Tomas said.
Like rules or something? Peter asked.
Something like that, now normally we dont have outsiders until they have passed very vigorous security checks and have provided a few years service above ground.  This is one of our most secret and safe locations, so understand that you are going to be met with a lot of hostility and suspicion, no one in there is going to be your friend, he said.
Great, so not only am I stuck down here in some secret base, but everyone is going to hate me on top of it, feels like high school, Peter said.
Well probably not that bad, also you have your basic rules, dont touch anything, dont ask questions unless you want to elicit more suspicion then you will already have, and dont resist anything they will not hesitate to kill you if they feel you are a risk to the movement, it doesnt matter how valuable the information you have is, the movement is more valuable, understand? he asked.
Yep, basically Im a prisoner, Peter said.
Well yes, but youre alive and you wouldnt be if the agents had caught you so theres that.  Im sorry Peter but please understand that we are trying to return this to normal, we dont like this as much as you, he said.  now follow me, try to stick close, they entered the room and the door slid closed behind them.
The room was large and well lit, a perfect square with computer terminals forming a central ring.  There were doors on all four walls leading to other areas of the compound judging by the flow of traffic in and out of them.  After passing through the door they were blocked by an iron grate with a guard on the other side.
I have the guy, Tomas told the guard.
The door was opened, Peter couldnt help noticing that everyone in the room was carrying a rifle or some other form of firearm.  This served to reassure him that this movement had some sort of backing, at least they were armed.  The seemingly organized nature of the bustle of movement also led to the feeling of security.  Maybe they would be able to hold up their end of the bargain and free Alice.
After passing through the gate they were met by a short heavyset man with an armed guard at each shoulder.
So this is the guy Nick talked to? the man asked Tomas.
This is him, sorry for the wait, he was hard to track down, Tomas said.
The man turned to Peter.
Names Leo, Im in charge of this chaos here, he stuck out his hand.
Peter, Peter shook it.
Now I understand that one of our agents told you a bunch of stuff before the FBI came and arrested him? Leo asked.
He did, do you want me to tell you what he said, I really dont think it would be anything new to you guys, Peter said.
Yes I want to know, but not here, just follow me Ill conduct the interview, he nodded to Tomas.
Peter followed this man, he really felt that at this point he no longer had a real choice not too. 
They went through one of the doors in the side of the wall of the main room.  Tomas was talking to the guard, it looked like they were friends.  Peter followed Leo down the hallway that was significantly dimmer then the room they had just left.  It was lined with metal doors with no windows.  It looked like a prison and that was making him nervous.
Right through here, Leo gestured through one of the open doors into what was clearly an interrogation room.
Do I have a choice, Peter walked in the room, it almost felt like he should be handcuffed to achieve the full effect.
Not anymore, Im sorry to say, Leo said closing the door behind them.
So I am a prisoner now, its official, Peter said taking his seat across from the door.
Well prisoner is a little harsh, we are keeping you for your own protection, kind of like a witness protection program, Leo sat down and turned on the light that was on the table.
So where am I going to be staying?  I doubt youre going to let me wander around here on my own accord, Peter asked.
Well you will have to be locked in your room, which I can assure you will be as luxurious as we can do, I really dont want you to feel like we are the bad guys.  On the other hand I cant have you wandering around, you do understand that I cant fully trust you I dont really know where your loyalties lie, Leo said.
I guess if you can promise me youll get Alice back and that we can eventually get out of here and lead a semi normal life then I can put up with it, Ive made it this far, Peter said.  He realized that in the space of half a day he had gone from successful clinical psychiatrist to fugitive on the run from a mysterious government agency after him because of some alien conspiracy to a prisoner of a rebel movement holding him to keep him and the information he held safe.  At this point there was nothing that could faze him, his only worry was his wifes safety.
So I guess I will start with the most basic question, what did Nick tell you, as exact as you can remember, Leo asked.
Well, he came in presenting catatonic schizophrenic symptoms, but something was up, his eyes.  He didnt look like the typical case, but he was not mentally normal, thats why he was sent to me.  After some introductions he gestured for my assistant to leave the room, Peter paused.
So that makes it seem like he targeted the psych ward, do you record patient interviews? Leo asked.
Not upon initial evaluation, there is no need when youre just diagnosing and not starting therapy, Peter said.
Maybe he thought it would be recorded, or that you would take notes, there had to be a reason for his purposely getting himself sent to the psych ward, Leo said more to himself.
I guess, so anyway after Jenny leaves he starts telling me how hes escaped from a government facility.  He says he doesnt have a lot of time, that they will have tracked him down and will be here soon, men in black suits to apprehend him.  He says that he has to tell me what he learned so that I can tell others.  Of course Im listening but not really taking it seriously, I can tell hes sane though.  Working in my field for as long as I have you learn how to tell who is sane pretty fast.  I thought it was just some kind of lame prank or something so I played along, Peter said.
What did he tell you? Leo had placed a recording device on the table, it had been on in his pocket but he wanted to make sure to pick up this part perfectly clear.
Just that disasters were coming, that these disasters were known to be coming by the government, that they could save the population but they didnt want to, that they wanted the majority of the population killed so that the remainder could be more easily controlled.  That the remainder population would be slaves for an alien race that would show up offering healing and solutions, when really all they were looking for was free labor and resources.  That the remaining population would work thinking that it was helping humanity, the leaders would convince them of this.  Then the next generation would work for the same reason and so on down the line until the earth had been repopulated by slaves that worked because they thought it was the morally right thing to do, because they thought they were helping humanity.  He said that after a few generations people would no longer remember why they worked, just that they always had and always would and that was how the invaders would win, that was how they would enslave humanity, Peter stopped, that was all that the Nick guy had told him.
Anything else? Leo asked.
That was it, he stopped talking after that.  Im not going to lie it was a very plausible story, I actually kind of believed it right there.  Something about his voice, his passion, made it believable.  I guess the thought that he was clearly sane also helped, thats why I didnt tell Jenny what he had said, thats why I didnt tell the agents when they showed up.  Also the fact that they showed up only helped to prove his story even more, Peter said.
It doesnt make sense, he told you nothing new.  Why would he come to a hospital just to tell a doctor something we have known for years?  Are you sure thats all he told you? Leo asked.
Yes, after he finished he stopped talking, and just nodded for me to leave, Peter said.
Why did you diagnose him as a catatonic then? Leo asked.
Well frankly because I thought he was still having a laugh, trying to be funny, some college kid on a dare or something.  I knew that once he was told that he was going to be committed as a catatonic schizophrenic he would start talking pretty quick and thus be discharged.  It was more to scare him, also I think the part of me that believed him wanted to offer him a form of protection if he chose to keep up his act, Peter said.  He had really been a mix of the two, the whole situation had been very confusing to him from the outset.
It just doesnt make sense, thats all.  Did he hand you anything? Leo asked.
Nope, just talked to me then I left, that was all, Peter said.
Oh well, we will still protect you and get your wife back, it is our fault that youre in this mess to begin with and we will try our best to fix it.  I only wish he had told you something worth him blowing cover for, Leo stood up.
So what now? Peter asked.
Well Ill lead you to your room and we will try to make your stay as comfortable as possible while we work on getting your wife back, Leo said.  He opened the door and gestured for Peter to follow.  He seemed a lot less excited then he had before the interview.
They walked back down the hall past the windowless doors.  He wanted to ask what they all were, if they were cells or entrances to other areas of the base, but he remembered what Tomas had told him about not making himself look too suspicious.  It was only curiosity, but he didnt want to push his luck especially after disappointing Leo by not having any information that he wanted.
They re-entered the central room, Tomas was no longer there.  That made him feel uncomfortable, now he was completely alone, he had no one here on his side.  On top of that he had no information of value to make him worth anything to these people.  Everyone they passed was looking at him, or at least if felt that way.  The fact that most of the people they passed were carrying firearms did not help him feel any more at ease.
They entered another dark hallway, this one lined with doors similar to the ones in the interrogation hall.  They walked to the end of the hall and it was then that he realized that it ended in a letter T shape.  The hall branched into two longer halls, the size of this place was starting to dawn on him.  They went down another hall, and walked to the end of that one.
Leo opened the door at the end of the hall, a guard stepped out.  He was wearing the same uniform as the guy that had met them at the front door to this place.  The uniform consisted of a black t-shirt and green cargo pants.  Holding an AK-47 across his chest, with a pistol holstered at his side.
Rooms all ready sir, the guard said.
Thank you sergeant, Leo said.
Peter wondered how he could tell the rank of this guy, he saw no markings on his shirt.  He was also wondering if this guard was going to be posted at his door, he seemed a little heavily armed to guard an unarmed prisoner.
Leo gestured for him to enter the room and he followed behind him.  The room looked pretty good for what it was.  There was a single bed that looked decent enough, a bookshelf with a few random paperbacks, and a door that he assumed led to a bathroom.  There was also a kitchenette, with a sink, mini fridge and microwave.  It looked like a single dorm.
There are clothes in the dresser, some food in the kitchen thing and the bathroom is stocked as well, Leo said, still sounding dejected.
Thanks, makes me feel less like a prisoner of war or something, Peter said.
No problem, hopefully we get your wife soon so we can move you somewhere safe outside of here, Leo said.
Me too, so what do I do? Peter asked.
 Just sit here, read some books, kill time, we will provide food and everything you need to be comfortable, I hope you understand that we cant provide you with a computer for obvious reasons, Leo said.
Will I be allowed out at all? Or are you guys just gonna bring me food and I just sit here?
We cant as you are not really part of the movement, the less you see of this place the better, Leo said.
What am I going to do thats so dangerous? Peter asked, the idea of being locked in this room for however long it took to rescue Alice was freaking him out a little.
There is nothing you could really do, its what you could see and tell people about later, thats why, Leo was heading toward the door.
But I want to help, Peter said.
Help? 
Yes, I dont really know what the hell is going on here.  Im confused as Ive ever been in my life, I still cant even accept that this is even happening, but I do know that my wife is missing and I want to help get her back, he said.
I know you do, but there is nothing here that you could really do to help, and as I said we cant fully trust you, Leo said.
Well Im a doctor, not a surgeon or anything but I did go to med school, I can help with any medical stuff, like injuries and crap, I dont really know what you guys face here, Peter said.
We dont really need any doctors, we are not engaged in any combat, Leo said.
A lot of guns for no combat, Peter said.
We havent engaged in any combat yet, Leo said, when we do then Im sure we will need doctors.
Well there has to be something, Peter was desperate, he really wanted to lend a hand in getting Alice back.  Sitting here waiting for something to happen would drive him crazy, not knowing what was going on with nothing to distract him, he didnt want to face that.
I will think about it, Leo said.
He left the room, the click of the door locking behind him signaling his fate.  Peter sat on the bed thinking of what he would do now, what he would do to try and figure this whole thing out.  He wanted to sleep but his mind was racing, today had been the craziest day of his life.  He didnt even know if it was a dream or not, it did feel very surreal.  It was times like this that he wished he wasnt a psychiatrist, he could convince himself that he had lost his mind.  He knew that this was real though, his life had been dedicated to helping people determine their reality.
What was going to happen now?  Would he just wait here and get Alice back, then what?  There was no way he would just show up at work and pick up where he had left off.  What would he say Sorry I missed a few week, was getting chased by the government and had to join a rebel group for a bit because I unearthed an alien conspiracy.  Besides, he doubted that the people chasing him would give up any time soon.
Where was he going to go, what was he going to do?  Everything he had known, everything he had owned was lost now.  All those years of work, his perfect house filled with all the things he had worked so hard to buy.  Not only had his life been ruined, but Alices life as well.  They were both now going to be fugitives forever, and why?  Because some idiot had though it would be a good idea to walk into a hospital and tell the first doctor he saw all he knew about an impending invasion.
Because of the carelessness of this operation and one of its operatives he was going to be stuck like this forever.  Where were they going to live when they got out of here?  Some cabin in the desert? Hiding in the woods?  He had gone from being a successful doctor to having to live like some kind of bum for the rest of his life.  That or get arrested and killed, or rot in some government cell hidden away.
Sure the organization was helping now, but as soon as they were gone and as safe as possible he was certain they would be forgotten about.  Then what?  He didnt know how to live like this, he had no idea how to avoid the government for the rest of his life.  He had never broken a law more serious than a traffic law, now he was probably one of the most wanted of a sketchy version of the FBI.
It was like his only other option would be to join with this resistance, if they let him.  It was that or get thrown to the wolves.  The worst part was that all the trouble was over some useless information.  The guy hadnt even told him anything worthwhile.  He hadnt asked for this, now there were only negatives on all sides.  He had lost everything and had nothing to show for it.  It would be more bearable if he had at least been able to provide them with some information.
This was all just a total waste.  His life was over, Alices life was over, she was probably locked up and scared to death and all for nothing.  Now he had to kill time here until something happened. Waiting for something to happen, just eating and surviving.  He really hoped that Leo would let him help with something, there had to be something that he could do to contribute, or at least keep himself from going nuts.
He stood up and walked to the book shelf, it was pretty sparse.  A bunch of pulp books that he had never heard of.  Maybe Leo would grab him some decent reading material if he asked nice and offered some money.
That was a way he could help, he had a lot of cash, it was locked in bank accounts but maybe they knew a way that it could be taken out.  It was not like he would need it anymore, might as well donate it to these guys.  Maybe then they would trust him a little, or at least not forget about him when they let him go.
He grabbed his wallet and instinctively went for his left pocket.  It wasnt there, he had put it in the opposite pocket in his rush to leave the house.  What was in his pocket was a piece of paper.
On the paper was a series of numbers, dates.  Nick had given him something worthwhile.  He had no idea what these dates meant, but he was sure that it would be useful to Leo.  Forgetting about his books, the money he was going to donate, he started pounding on the door.
Ive found something, Leo Ive found something, he hoped they had a guard posted, or at least someone to hear him yelling.
He kept pounding on the door, now everything was starting to feel like it was worthwhile.  He had something, he had a way to help, a bargaining chip to being allowed to help.
He heard the door unlock, the guard was on the other side.
I want to talk to Leo, Ive found something, Peter said.
Leos busy, what is it? the guard said.
I want to give it to Leo, Peter said.
Give it to me, Ill make sure he gets it the guard said.
Please, I just want to help. I want this to be credited to me, Im not playing at anything I promise, Peter was getting worried.
Shut up and give it to me now, the guard stepped toward him grabbing his shirt.
Look man, I dont want any trouble, I just want to help, Peter said.
Bullshit, you want a way out, but youre useless, you gave us nothing now Im stuck here babysitting your ass.  Nick was my friend and he probably told you something, your stupid ass just forgot it, now hes dead and theres nothing to show for it, the guard pushed him up against the wall.
Around the corner, over the guards shoulder, Peter could see someone.
Help, he yelled.
The man down the hall came their way.  Peter could see that it was Tomas.
Hey, George, let him go hes alright, Tomas said.
He wants to see Leo, says he found something but wont tell me what it is, George said.
I simply want to get credit for it, I want you guys to trust me, let me help, Peter said.
Let him go man, Tomas was beside George.
Fine, but its your ass on the line if this guy pulls something, George stepped back.
Dont worry Ill deal with it, Tomas started leading him down the hall.
What did I tell you? Tomas said.
I know, I just want you guys to know that Im helping, I want to feel like I contributed something worthwhile, Peter said.
Youre lucky I came, George would have killed you if you didnt give in, hes not doing too good right now, Tomas said.
I found a list of dates, Peter said, they were heading back to the main room.  He trusted Tomas enough to tell him what he had found.  He knew that he was going to be able to hand this to Leo himself, hopefully be allowed to assist in the rescue of Alice.
Youre sure this is something?  Not just some random paper you left in your pocket? Tomas asked.
Im sure, this isnt even my writing, John, that Nick guy must have slipped it in my pocket, he must have knew that you guys would find me, Peter said.
Well it does seem a little suspicious, you finding something after the interview, after youve been put in your room, how are we going to know you just didnt write it yourself in order to get a free pass out of there and access to the rest of the base?
I hadnt even thought of that.  Its not my writing, you have to believe me, Peter said.
I believe you, its everyone else you have to worry about, you have to think of everything when youre as underground as we are.  Its the only way we have lasted this long, Leo is going to question you on everything to do with that slip of paper.  If I were you Id start looking for a way to prove that it is genuine, Tomas said.
They were now outside a door leading off the main room, it was one that he had not seen opened yet.
Leo is busy right now, dealing with the logistics of your arrival among other things, you probably have a few minutes before he comes out, try to make your case rock solid.  I trust you, no man would give up their life like you have unless they were trying to make a difference, your heart is in the right place.  But as I said its not me you have to convince, Tomas started walking away.
Where are you going?  Dont you think it would be a good idea for me to have you here, someone on my side at least, Peter said, he was desperate for at least one somewhat friendly face in this place.
I would but there is not much I can do to help, you have to do that yourself.  I also have a huge amount of work to do, missing a day saving your ass has set me behind a little. He started to walk away.
Peter was now standing in the middle of the busy main room.  Everyone that passed him was eyeing him.  The armed guard at the front hadnt taken his eyes off him along with the two guards posted at either corner of the room.
He decided to try and find something on the paper that could be used to help him out.  Some way to prove that this was indeed left by their operative.  If not something on the paper then at least a story more believable then him just finding it in his pocket.
The paper looked pretty straight forward.  Other than the writing not being his he could see no way to determine its validity.  There were six dates with the first one being tomorrow and the last one a month from now.  He couldnt be sure what the dates meant but based on what he had learned today he felt he knew.
The other side of the paper was blank, the whole piece was a small rectangle, like it was ripped from a day planner, except there were no tear lines.  Other than being fairly crumpled there was nothing else to distinguish it from any other piece of paper one might be liable to find.  Nothing except that as he felt it, moved it through his fingers it felt thick, a little more high quality then an average piece of notebook paper.
He also noticed that there were no lines on it, it was totally blank, but he could see striations in the paper itself.  This was pretty high quality paper to just be scrawling something on in a hurry.  He held it up to the light and what he saw made him jump.  He was saved, he had a way to prove that the note belonged to their operative.  There was a watermark on the paper, it was from the CIA, which must be where their operative was posted.  The watermark looked very detailed, probably encoded with data that he couldnt understand.  What mattered was that he had found his way to prove himself worthy to these guys.  And he had found it with no time to spare as the door behind him swung open and the figure of Leo stood in the opening, looking less happy then before.
This better be good, you and your wife are proving to be more hassle then I need right now, youre lucky I want us to look like the good guys, he said.
It is, at least I hope it is, I think I found something from your agent, Nick, Peter said.
Okay, come inside, Leo gestured him in and closed the door behind him.
I found this in my pocket when I was in my room, Peter presented him the paper.
Okay, this looks good, looks worthwhile, Leo was examining the small strip of paper and ink.
Yeah, I think its a list of dates, Peter said.
No shit, now how do I know this is from him and not you trying to save your ass, Leo asked.
Its got a watermark, from the CIA, Peter said.
Leo held the paper up to the light, the look on his face told Peter all he needed to know.  A look of happiness followed by one of terror.
Shit, no wonder Nick had to come to a civilian, this is what we have been trying to get for years, he probably blew his cover to get it, Leo was talking to himself.
So is it dates? Peter asked.
Yep, and from the looks of the first one we dont have a lot of time, Leo went to his desk and began pulling files.
Well what happens tomorrow? Peter knew it had something to do with disasters based on everything he had learned today but besides that there was nothing.
Not entirely sure but we know its going to be one of a few scenarios, and most likely its going to be the least visible but most damaging one, Leo walked toward the door carrying a red file.
What is that? Peter wanted to know, if this was happening now then he wanted to save Alice as soon as possible.
A release of a lab built super flu that will decimate the population and look like a total fluke, then when the other things happen, run of the mill earthquakes, terror attacks fires that kind of thing the causalities will be higher because hospitals and response personal will be already starched to the limit, Leo was in the center of the main room typing on a computer terminal. 
He grabbed a mike from the desk and his voice came across the intercom speakers located throughout the base.
Code red, code red code red, this is not a drill, code red code red code red, repeat this is not a drill, the base stood still, everyone that had been running around came to a stop to listen to their leader.
We are going live with operation no quarter, please assume your respective duties, first attack is in t-minus 4 hours twenty three minutes, he said.  The base instantly came alive again.  People were running around, it was like an anthill had just been poked.
A young pale looking kid ran up to Leo.
Sir reporting for communications duty, the kid said.
Good, in this file you will find the code to contact the three other bases, let them know the full situation as outlined in that file, I have typed the dates you need.  Then I want you to start recalling our operatives, you have five minutes, Leo said.
Yes sir, the kid said sitting down and typing furiously from the file.
You wanted to help, well nows the time, Leo said to Peter.
What can I do?  And whats going to happen to Alice? he asked.
Sorry but your wife has just fallen on my list of priorities, as for what you can do Im going to need you running as my secretary, doing everything I cant do because I only have two arms and right now I need seven, Leo yelled.
But my wife, Peter said.
Right now we are talking the fate of humanity, your wife will have to come later, Leo said, more calm now, Im really sorry, but please try to understand.
Well Ill get her then, Peter said.
Dont worry, I said she was low on my list I didnt say she was off it, right now she is probably safer in the hands of the enemy.  The first stage of this attack is a quiet one, we will still have time to get your wife back, Leo said, but right now I need your help.
When will you get her? Peter wasnt stopping until he got an answer.
After the first disaster has started, so in four hours, we just need to make sure that the first attack is what we think it is going to be, and then we will send in heavy operatives to get her back, no more wasting time.  You deserve it, that piece of paper you found just might have been what will save humanity, Leo said.
Okay, what do you need? Peter would help, then he was going out there to get Alice back and nothing was going to stop him.
Well lets get this mess sorted, shits hitting the fan, we gotta start making sure its landing in all the right places, Leo smiled and lit a cigarette.
Sir, station six isnt responding to my hailing, the kid working at the computer station said.
Well try a different channel, Leo said leaning over his shoulder.
Ive tried them all; Ive even tried contacting individual operatives on their secure line and still nothing.
Shit, what about anyone above ground in that vicinity, any of their operatives outside of the base, could just be a power failure and cell signals are always spotty, Leo said.
I could try a few, but they are in cover they wont be able to get there for a bit, the kid said typing furiously.
Keep me updated on their status, hopefully its not what I think it is, Leo said.
Sir, no one is responding, the kid said.
Theres no way youve tried everyone yet, give them a chance to reply, Leo said, even though he knew that response time was instant if only to confirm receiving the message.  
Peter follow me, he started walking to the other side of the room and through the now open door, people flying past in all directions running to various duties needed on the base.
The door led to another hallway, only in this hall there was a lot more activity.  On one wall there was a steel grate and behind it a wall filled with various different guns.  The man working the counter was handing out weapon requests to a long line of men waiting to receive them.
The amount of people that Peter was seeing in this base made him question the size of it.  Behind the doors in the few hallways he had been in must be more halls leading to bunk rooms and training areas.  It looked like there was a small army living here, right under the city.
Im going to assume that you dont know anything about handling a weapon, Leo said.
I used to shoot with my dad when I was a kid, just rifles no handguns or anything, Peter remembered those days at the range fondly, it was one of the few times he actually spent time with his father.
Well that might come in handy later, right now Im not desperate enough to start recruiting civilians into the fight, especially doctors.  No, youre going to help Edwin here hand out guns.  Its very straightforward, they tell you their serial number, you look it up on the computer and give them whatever it says to give them beside their name, any questions just ask Edwin, got it, Leo said.
Seems simple enough, Peter said.
Good, get to it, Leo opened the door leading into the room and locked it behind him when he entered.
Hey man, here thelp? Edwin asked.
Yeah, where do you want me? Peter felt a little lost, the hustle of the action going on around him was starting to stress him out.  He also had not eaten in a very long time and his hunger was starting to catch up with him, which was slowing him down a little.
Man that other window my brother, Leo tell you what you need to do?
Yeah, just where do I enter the number? Peter could see nothing on the blank screen in front of him.
Here, Ill pull it up, Edwin opened a spreadsheet with a list of serial numbers followed by a list of various different firearms and weapons. There was a search bar for him to type the name in.  The level of simplicity was a little disconcerting, but it was better than no system at all.
Okay, I think I can handle this, Peter said.
Good, now get to work, you already slowed the line, Edwin resumed his job.
A soldier stepped up to the window.
Niner niner six delta foxtrot five five zulu kilo, the stern blond face said.
Peter entered the numbers and letters into the search bar.  What came up for the list of weapons was pretty straight forward, he knew the names of all the firearms and there was only one type of grenade.  Not that there was a huge selection of weapons, the pistol was a Colt 1911, the rifles were Ak-47s and besides the odd sub machine gun and light machine gun there was nothing else.
He pulled the guns off the wall and slid them through the hole in the grate to the soldier.  He marked off that he had received his weapons on the sheet and moved onto the next revolutionary.
This went on for a few hours, him handing out weapons with Edwin.  They didnt talk much, they just kept passing out guns to the fighters as they came.  It was hard work, trying to be efficient, trying to hear the serial numbers over the noise of the suddenly wide awake base.
His hunger was killing him. The pain of not eating gnawing at his insides, but the thought of helping, of contributing toward getting Alice back helped him to ignore it.  That and the fact that he was becoming a part of something bigger then himself, something useful.  He had not had a job where he felt his contribution to society was useless.  He was a doctor, he helped people who were mentally sick get better, he was proud of that.  This felt a lot bigger though, this felt like something that helped the world.
Seeing the size of this place and knowing that it was not the only one made him feel that they actually stood a chance against whatever was coming to Earth.  After handing out what felt like thousands of guns for a few hours he felt like this resistance was something that could actually work.  It had given him confidence and that was what he needed right now.  Especially due to the fear he was feeling for the safety of his wife.
Well my sheet is full, what about yours? Edwin asked.
Looks like I got everyone on mine, Peter said.
Good, my names Edwin by the way, dont think we got around to a formal introduction during that rush, he stuck out his hand.
Im Peter, they shook.
Edwin looked to be in his late fifties, maybe early sixties.  He was balding and wrinkled and his face weathered from a hard life.  Peter noticed that he was also unarmed, one of the only people he had seen on this base without a gun on their hip.  He was wearing a plain sweater and track pants, not as clean cut as the rest of the guys down here.
So what now? Peter asked.
Well I got to do some filing and printing and such, keep this as organized as possible, then back to my regular duties, nothing you can really help with.  Gun cleaning, maintenance that kind of stuff, Im the gunsmith here not just the distributor, he said.
So where should I go? Peter asked.
Dunno, grab some food, some rest, find Leo and see if he needs you, Im guessing youre that new guy everyones been talking about, that guy Nick died to give some information to, he said.
Yeah thats me, Peter said.
Well from the looks of things it was some worthwhile stuff, you did a good thing coming here, I can respect that.  Its not easy, not at all, Edwin said.
No, Peter thought of all that had been lost to him now, all that he had left behind.
Well, I wouldnt go buggin Leo right now imagine hes pretty busy, I got shit to do, jus go grab some food or summin and try not to get lost, Edwin said.
Food sounds good, where would I find some? Peter dreaded trying to find his way around this place without a guide.  It was a labyrinth of tunnels just from the little bit he had seen, he could only imagine how much more complex it got the deeper in one went.
Well youre in the support hall now, so its pretty easy to get to the mess, down the hall and to your left, the first door on your right will lead to it.  Try not to get lost, the last thing anyone if going to want to do is guide you around, Edwin said.
Ill try, thanks, see you around I guess, Peter said.
Yep, Edwin opened the door for him and turned back to his computer where he began tallying names.
Peter walked down the hall repeating the simple direction in his head, trying to find some type of land mark to gain his bearings from if he ended up in this hallway again.  There was nothing distinguishing on any of the walls, doors or anything.  The doors were not all evenly spaced, but that was all he could see.  Everything else looked the exact same.
The bustle of activity had died down in this hall, there were a few men running past him and milling about in groups, but it was nothing like it had been for the past few hours.  Or what had felt like hours, he had no way of telling time down here, and he knew that when he had started handing out guns the attack was four hours away, so it may have started already.
He wanted to get back to the main room to confirm this, but he needed to eat.  If the attack had started he was sure that there would have been some notice of it, something would have changed.  Even if it was a slow burn biological attack.
He was at the door that should lead to the mess hall.  The lack of activity around the door had him concerned though, he would have thought that this would be a popular place.
Inside the hall was almost empty, there were a few people milling about at different tables but other than that the massive hall was empty.  He walked up to the window where the food was served and received the set menu for the day, cold potatoes, a slab of some kind of meat and some green mushy vegetable on the side.  It wasnt five star dining but it was food.
He could feel the eyes of the few people in the room looking at him.  There was nowhere on this base that he didnt feel it.  He knew he was new and un-trusted, what was getting to him was how they all knew.  There seemed to be thousands of people here and every one he passed eyed him down suspiciously.  Maybe he was developing a paranoia, maybe word traveled fast, he couldnt tell.  Either way he rushed through his food, he was hungry enough for it to actually taste kind of good.
Leaving the hall he tried to remember where his room was, he wanted to get changed and maybe grab some sleep.  He felt more and more that he could provide nothing more of use to these guys.  As for Alice it was still a waiting game, Leo had said that they needed to see exactly what was going on before they took a step in that direction.
He made his way back to the central room, it seemed small now compared to the rest of this place.  Maybe it wasnt even the central room but just a small command room with a secret entrance.  He really did not know and keeping his bearings down here was getting harder and harder.
At the center of the room he saw Leo hunched over the terminal that the communications kid was working at.  Peter knew that something had to be happening by now, despite the lack of any major sign.  Against his better judgment he walked over to see what was up.
Still nothing, no sign of attack or anything, Leo was saying.
No sir, but we all know that the first attack would be the silent one, the one hardest to tell, the kid said.
I know that, but there has to be something, none of our operatives are reporting any change, no new orders nothing? Leo asked.
No sir, nothing, everything is checking out as normal, the kid kept working the terminal.
Shit, normal is not good, normal means we got some bad intel along the way or that we dont have people in deep enough, either way we have screwed up somewhere, Leo turned away from the terminal in frustration and noticed Peter.
Ah, so youre all done? he asked.
Yeah, I got some food, just wondering if theres anything else, Edwin said he didnt really need any more help, Peter said.
Nothing right now, we are in a holding pattern until we figure what the hell is going on, Leo said.
So Ill head back to my room, Peter said, hoping that Leo would at least give him directions as to where to go.  He had been turned around in here so much he no longer knew what door to even go through to get to the first hall.
Yeah, Ill send someone to get you if anything comes up with Alice, and youre free to wander the base now, theres not much you could do even if you wanted to try and cause us harm, Leo said.  Peter was happy for even the little bit of trust he had now.  Not that he would wander the base, maybe the maze like nature was designed to make it harder to be taken over.
Okay, uh, could you remind me where Im going? Peter asked.
Yeah, Ill get Tomas here to show you, maybe you can help him with something, I know hes busy, sacrificed a lot of work today to bring you in, Leo said as he turned back to the terminal and called Tomas over the radio.
Thanks, Peter stood there, waiting, trying to not seem like he was eavesdropping, but he was interested in what was going on.  It seemed like not everything was going as they had thought it would. 
Still nothing on station six yet either? Leo asked.
No sir, nothing, no response and all the operatives I sent there to check it out havent responded to any of my hails, the kid said.
Fuck, okay, its been what? An hour and a bit? Leo said.
Almost two since we failed to establish contact sir, the kid said.
Okay, call all other stations, tell them that six is lost, do not go to station six, I only hope that it wasnt taken out by an attack, Leo said.
Yes sir, the kid started calling over the radio and typing furiously.  
Peter was wondering what it meant that there was a base that had seemingly gone missing.  Maybe they were not as secure as this one seemed, he really hoped that it was nothing serious, he was relying on the quality of these soldiers.  He needed to know that they could stand an attack, he needed to see that they were a challenge, otherwise his hopes of seeing his wife again diminished drastically.
Hey man, so you need help getting back to your room? Tomas had appeared at his shoulder.
Yeah, this place, it doesnt have a lot of signs, Peter said with a laugh.
Well Ill take you back, just try to start learning how to get around, I cant baby sit you I have a lot to do, Tomas looked considerably more tired than when Peter had first encountered him.
Well is there any way I can help you?  I know Im the reason youre so busy and frankly Ill lose my mind sitting in that room waiting for something to happen, Peter said.
I guess I can make some use of you, even having an extra set of hands makes life a little easier, Tomas said.
Any way I can help man, I just dont want to feel like a useless burden, Peter was excited at the prospect of helping Tomas.  He felt that he was the closest thing that he had to a friend down here, and making his life a little easier would hopefully make him a little more amicable to him.
Cool, you know anything about mechanical systems? Tomas asked.
No, but I know how to use tools, Peter said.
Better than nothing, Tomas said.
They had gone down a few halls and Peter was starting to notice the downward slope of the floor.  They were going deeper with every step.   Coming to a final door, Tomas swung it open to reveal a set of stairs leading down to the bowels of the base.
Almost there, just like a hundred flights of stairs, Tomas said.  Peter could see why he looked so tired, having to climb these every day.
So whats going on with the whole attack thing? Peter asked.
Dunno, nothing and that has everyone a little spooked, Tomas said.
Well if it was a biological attack then maybe its happened and they are just keeping the whole thing quiet.  With a super flu it could have been released a week ago and maybe today was the projected date for symptoms to begin to appear, Peter said.
No, we would have heard something from someone along the way, we have people on every level of government and in these organizations, nothing slips past us, especially something that big, Tomas said, slightly winded even though they were going down the stairs it was tough due to the sheer number of them.
If you say so, Im just saying that maybe something was missed, that maybe its happening now, Peter said.  He was trying to think somewhat positive, even if that meant thinking that the attacks had begun.  At least then everything would be confirmed and become a little more straightforward.  He could only imagine what it must be like, thinking something was going to go down, getting ready for it then finding out that nothing is happening.  It would make him question the entire operation and the loyalty of the people involved.
Maybe, Im sure something is going on, Nick couldnt have screwed up this bad, he was one of the best, Tomas said. 
They were nearing the bottom of the many flights of stairs.  There was another door at the bottom landing, Peter hoped that it lead to where they needed to get to and not just another set of stairs.
Tomas opened the door and Peter followed him through.  Behind it was a vast network of pipes, wires, computer servers and various other things that Peter could not identify.
Welcome to the heart of the machine, where every aspect of the base is controlled, Tomas said with a grand gesture.
Its huge, do you manage all this yourself? Peter couldnt believe the size of the place.
Me and one other, its pretty easy most of the systems are automated, we just fix the little things that go wrong every day, replace the parts that wear out, that kind of stuff, Tomas said.
This place is massive, what the hell is it? Peter asked.
Well all of our bases are entirely self-sufficient, and down here is how we maintain this.  By being self-sufficient it allows for us to exist under the noses of our enemies, we leave no footprint, our agents movements in and out of the bases are regulated by utilizing multiple entrances.  As for the needs of the base on a more basic level that all happens down here, follow me, Ill give you a quick tour then I gotta switch out some valves, Tomas said.
Shit, how long you guys been here, how did you manage to build all this without attracting attention? Peter asked.
We have been here in our current capacity for about five years, this was all built using creative billing, lying to contractors and lots of time.  The base has been under construction for almost fifty years.  Basically since the resistance formed around the original discovery of the attack plot. Tomas said.
And there is more than one? Peter couldnt believe it, how something so huge had existed under his feet for his whole life and he had never even known.
Yep, seven in North America, four in Europe, One in Russia, and one in China, we dont have any on the contents with less developed economies, building them would have been too obvious, instead we have small groups of our men living above ground, awaiting the call to defend the planet.
How did you manage to recruit so many?  How do you have so many people involved? Peter was dumbfounded.  The number of places, the amount of time that this had been going on, it was becoming a lot more real to him.
We have our recruiting methods, but basically it amounts to time and a lot of work on a lot of peoples parts.  Its pretty easy to get people to join after you convince them that their planet is at stake, Tomas said.
I guess, it is just massive, I cant really wrap my head around it Peter was having trouble speaking, his brain was struggling to process what all this meant.
This base isnt even our biggest, thats station 6, Tomas said.
The one that hasnt replied yet? Peter said.
Yeah, so I guess you can see why Leo would be so concerned, when a station that large goes offline, Tomas said.
Yeah, they had made their way over to the computer consoles on the far wall.
Any way, commencing with our tour.  Over here is where all the data about all the systems is processed.  I can see the situation on our water, power, sewage, waste disposal systems and the status of the network and the servers, Tomas said.
Right now everything is good, under a heavy load with all the activity upstairs, but still good.
Wait a second, if youre in charge of this, an operation that seems pretty vital then why were you the one they sent to get me? Peter asked.
Everyone has multiple jobs, thats how we get so much done so efficiently.  My main job is this, my secondary is a retriever, getting people like you into our care.  My primary job takes a lot of effort and time, so my secondary is less time consuming and less difficult, the spread is different for everyone depending on what they do, Tomas said.
When do you sleep, what about any free time? Peter said.
Its all part of being committed to the cause, you have to sacrifice a lot in order to help save the world, you see why everyone is so on edge.  We are looking at a lot of sacrifice, a lot of effort to get where we are now, and everyone is hoping to god that we are right, that this was not all for nothing, Tomas said.
But enough of that, basically we produce our own power, our own water, and most of what we need in order to be less detectable.  Im not in charge of food, but I have heard that most of it is donations that operatives set up and collect under the guise of food banks.  Its a pretty scummy way to get food, but its one of the few ways that allow us to get enough to feed everyone.
Well I guess the fate of the world comes before the fate of the homeless, Peter said.  He was finding himself becoming more and more enamored with the cause as he learned more and more about it. 
So the basics of this are just supporting a small city under a city all while trying to stay as undetectable as possible, Tomas said.
That seems impossible, Peter said.
It was, but with the proper set up of everything, the proper automation and all the things that the geniuses that built this place put in, it is possible, the pride was hard to miss in Tomass voice.
So what do we do now? Peter asked.
We gotta change some valves, then Im guessing we will head back up and youll probably want to sleep, valve changing is hard work and you have been through a hell of a lot today, Tomas said.
Lets get to it then, Peter was eager to get a start on something.
They were behind a row of pipes, twisting one of the huge metal bolts off their second valve when the alarm sounded accompanied by a flashing red light.
The hell is that? Peter asked.
Shit, we got to get back up there, tighten this back on, somethings happened, something bad, Tomas said.
They rushed the valve back into place and began running toward the door and the stairs that led to the top of the base.
Wait here, forgot my rifle, Tomas ran back into the room and reappeared a few seconds later with a rifle and pistol.
I always keep them down here, take the gun, you might need it, dont know what could be going on up there, Tomas handed him the pistol.
Have we been hit? Peter was nervous, he had no idea what he was doing.
If there was an attack on the base he could be killed in the firefight.  The danger to himself was immediately apparent, as well as the danger to Alice.  The incessant wail of the alarm was also not helping to calm him.
Dont know, just move, they began running up the stairs.
Reaching the hallway at the top Peter was so out of breath he felt that he could not go another step.  He was in good shape, but he was not prepared for this.  It was the fact that Tomas kept running that gave him the energy to keep putting one foot in front of the other.
Okay stop here, Tomas was at the door that led into the center room.  They had passed no one on their way here, which did little to calm Peters nerves.
Now I dont know what is going to be on the other side of this door, so let me take point.  You follow and just do what I say, for all I know we could be walking into a fire fight, I doubt it because all the doors are still opened but you never know, so be ready for anything. Tomas moved to the door and slowly opened it, leading his entry with the barrel of his rifle.
He swung it completely open and Peter could see that the room was busy with activity but that it was friendly.  Whatever had caused the alarm, it was not a direct attack on the base.
Tomas made his way through the swarm of people running back and forth to the center console of the room where Leo and some of his advisors were in conversation.  Peter had a harder time getting there, dodging people and trying to not get in any ones way.
What do you mean the attack has started? The biological one? Tomas said.
No, I mean the attack on earth.  We have been mislead, everyone has been mislead, Leo was saying.
The fuck is going on, just tell me, I was in the basement, I need to know, I have to plan, Tomas was yelling to be heard.
So far we are not a hundred percent, but from the few reports from our surviving operatives the aliens have attacked directly, hitting the government, military and major cities all at once.  We have reports of massive earthquakes all along the west coast, hurricanes down south that have sprung out of nowhere, and volcano activity along the pacific rim.  Basically all the disasters are happening at once.  We have been duped, and we are not the only ones, Leo sounded resigned.
So then whats the plan, what are we doing now? Peter asked, Tomas was too struck by the news to say anything.
We go full defense, with the military gone we are the only hope the Earth has against this, we are organizing with all our available bases, thats the other thing, we have lost four stations that I know of.  We were not as invisible as we had thought, Leo said.
What about me, what can I do? Peter asked.
At this point, start fighting.  We are staging all our troops, go see if you can join one, I really dont have time to worry about you.  You have done a lot, been embroiled in a lot and I send you my thanks, but cant help you any more, you have to join the fight or make it on your own, Leo said.
I need to make sure my wife is safe, at the mention of the government being hit his mind had begun racing, hoping against hope that she was safe.
I can tell you where she is, after that youre on your own, I cant afford to send any men to help you.  The government is our second priority when the main enemy has come barging in through the door, Leo said.
Thats fine, Ill get her myself, Peter said.
Okay, Tomas look up the location for him, I have to get to the war room and begin planning this counter attack, Leo turned and began walking away with his advisors in tow.
Goin solo after your wife, cant say Im not impressed, its going to be hell up there, Tomas said as he pulled the data up on the computer screen.
Its pretty far, and its going to be a hard fight the whole way, Id offer to help but Im needed here, Tomas was showing him the map on the screen.
Thats fine, Ill try to find my way back once I have her so I can rejoin and help, but you have to understand that even as the world burns she will always be my number one priority, Peter said.
I know, now Ill print this up, give you an ID number so if you make it back here and we are still here you can get back in and wish you luck I guess, Tomas grabbed the printouts from on top of the computer.
Thank you, Peter said.
Look Im sorry you got all pulled up in this, you seem like a good guy.  I hope Ill see you again, be careful out there, Tomas said.
Ill try my best, Peter was considering how he was going to make it to the outer suburbs without any combat training and only lightly armed with a pistol.
Shit, tell you what, Ill trade you my rifle for the pistol, I cant be entirely unarmed but I think I wont need a rifle in the basement, if they make it that far we are already done for, Tomas said.
Thank you, for everything, Peter began to walk toward the entrance that he had come through when he had first arrived only a few hours ago.
Good luck man, Tomas headed back toward the basement.
The guard let him out with no hassle.  Maybe he had seen or heard the exchange, or maybe now that everything was blowing up he didnt care.  Either way Peter began to make his way back to the surface.  He slung the rifle over his shoulder and climbed the ladder.
As he got higher the sounds of the attack became clear.  The resistance had not begun their counter attack so he assumed what he was hearing was the police and whatever remained of the army trying desperately to stop the invaders.  The occasional explosions, the pop of various firearms, the screams of death began to fill his ears as he approached the surface.
The warehouse where they had arrived was in a sparse part of town, so emerging into it was fairly uneventful.  It was dark, he had lost track of time down there but it had to be sometime early in the morning.  He was dead tired, but that feeling was in the background, shoved there by adrenaline and the need to find Alice.
Exiting the warehouse he could see the skyline of the city in flaming ruin.  He switched the safety off the rifle and began making his way toward where he needed to go, to where the map said they had Alice.
Alone he walked toward the chaos that people were running from.  Alone in the night he took the most important steps in his life.  The steps out of the old and into his new life in the new world that was being shaped around him.


***


Hes been out for a few minutes now, still has a pulse but its weak, Johns voice coming at him.
Okay, keep pressure on the wounds, EMTs said their ETA is two minutes, a new voice said.
How is everyone else?  What about the rest of them? John asked.
Stable, just worry about this guy, the voice said.
I think hes coming back.  Peter, you have to stay with me man, no more nodding off okay, stay with me, John said.
M here, Peter said, his mouth too dry for anything else, his body too tired, his brain shutting down.  It felt good now, the pain had gone and his body felt comfortable.  Felt like he had just woken from an amazing sleep, everything nice and relaxed.  If this was what dying felt like then it was really not so bad.  He almost wanted to fall into the embrace, let his body shut down and take him.  Then thoughts of Alicia filled his head and he pulled himself back to reality.
The pain was still gone, shock had seen to that.  His thoughts were no longer coherent, he was not making much sense even though deep down he felt that he was, that everything was right where it should be.
Water, mouth, he said.
I know man, but I cant give you any, not now, just wait in a few minutes the medics will be here and hook you up okay, John kept applying pressure.
Water, it was the only thing he could think of to say.
Just stay with me, John knew he was in shock, he had seen it before.  He knew that at this point anything he said would go right over Peters head, but he had to try and keep him conscious.  The only way he could keep fighting was if he was awake.
Alicia, Peter said.
Just hold on man, dont drift off on me again, John could see his eyes rolling back.  He did not want him going on him now, not with help this close.
George, he yelled to his partner, come help me keep this guy awake.
The man who belonged to the voice that Peter had heard earlier came over.  Peter could see that he was older and heavier then John, but he had a kind face and that made him feel good. 
Hey man, George said in a soothing voice.
Names Peter, he tried to introduce himself.
I know, now listen here Peter, you have to stay with us okay, you have to try your best to stay here, no going off because it gets harder to bring you back.  Can you do that for me?  Can you stay here and talk to me? George said.
Try, Peter was finding it harder and harder to breathe.
He noticed a bird swoop past in the sky, bugs flying around, the noise of nature, birds chirping, a cicadas electric whine.  All around him life was going on.  Animals going about their daily business.  In the distance the sound of cars, people going and coming, happy people living happy lives.  And here he was, trying desperately to hang onto his consciousness.  Only minutes before he had been one of those other lives, just living as best it could, trying to be happy.  It was all different now, everything had changed and here he was, bleeding out on the side of the road.
He realized that even if he died the world would keep spinning.  Only a little changed by the loss of another human.  The effects would be minimal in the extreme.  That didnt matter though, because he was not going to die, he could not die, he could not leave her alone to live without him.  So he kept fighting against every signal his body was sending.  He struggled to stay conscious.
Good man, keep trying, George said.
You got any kids? John asked.
No kids.
I got two of my own, all grown up now, starting families of their own.  Quite the adventure having kids, George said.
Wanted, couldnt Peter said.
Yeah, that is always tragic, but you move on and deal with it because thats life, you gotta roll with the punches sometimes.  Like now, just got to keep fighting what life has thrown at you, George said.  He was maintaining eye contact, John was staring down the street as he held pressure.  Looking for any sign of the ambulance.
I see them, John said sounding excited.
Good, see man, theyre here, you made it, they will fix you up good and get you to some doctors, youre gonna be on your feet again in no time, George said.  The excitement meant to bring Peter up to the highest level of consciousness possible for when the medics arrived.
He could not see or hear anything yet, but the straight road allowed for John to see the distant shimmer of the flashers.  Peter wanted to sit up and see for himself, and in his current mental state that seemed like a good idea.  His body would not let him though, it was like the whole thing had stopped taking signals from his brain.  So he stopped trying and waited.  Wondering what would happen.  
He felt pretty good.  If only he could just drift off then everything would be okay.  He knew that this was him dying, but besides Alicia he could see no negative in letting go right now.  She would understand, in the end she would get it.
He could no longer see her, she must have been escorted away from him.  She would be happy to see the ambulance, he wanted to see her before they put him on it.  Wanted to remind himself why he was fighting the tempting comfort of death.
He could hear it now, the distant wail of the high low siren.  A sound so familiar in city life, it almost became background noise.  Now when it was coming for him it regained its significance.  Every time he heard a siren in his life probably meant that someone was having a bad day somewhere.  Whether a traffic stop or a life and death thing.  Every siren signified something bad happening.  Funny how one could forget these things until one heard the siren coming for them.
He looked around for Alicia but still there was no sign of her.  He figured she would be running back here to see him off into the ambulance, but maybe she had been more injured then he initially thought.  Maybe the adrenalin had worn off for her and she had succumbed to some injuries when the police arrived and was being treated.  That made him more concerned, he hoped that he was not right about that.
Trying to muster the strength to ask he focused on his mouth.  Right now it felt like the Sahara desert would have more moisture.  Still he managed to croak out one word.
Wife, barely a whisper but the cops heard him.
Dont worry about her right now, John said.  The look of concern that crossed both their faces had him worried, maybe she was really hurt.  He needed to know, wanted to know before they put him on that ambulance.  He would not go on that ambulance if she was really hurt, he would risk waiting for the next one. 
Tell me, the effort of talking was draining him, but he fought to stay awake.
Shes fine, John said.  Peter had never heard a worse lie, but he couldnt muster the strength to keep fighting with them about this.  If she was worse than him they would load her first anyway, that was their job, basic triage.  He just wanted her to be taken out of here even if he was closer to death.  Even if she was only a little injured, anything that could get worse over time, he was willing to risk waiting in order for her to get care faster.
He wanted to articulate this but his brain was not cooperating with his mouth and he had lost the ability to make it to work.  He was also losing the ability to see or hear.  Everything was going white, a ringing filled his ears.  He knew he was going through something called a whiteout.  It felt kind of familiar, like something he had done before.  It was not uncomfortable, as he was learning, most parts of dying were not that bad.  Still he wanted to fight it, needed to fight it, needed to stay awake if only to see Alicia one more time before they took him, before he went to die in the hospital.
Struggling back, like swimming against the current.  He managed to pull himself out of the white that had been turning to black.  Bring himself back to the present, with the wind and the smells and the loud sound of sirens, and the flashing light filling his eyes.
Turning his head toward the road, using the strength he had left he saw the large red and white vehicle.  His rescue in the form of two medics and a well-equipped response vehicle.  The flashing red light coming from the roof.  Rotating with the blue and white, throbbing into his head.  Lulling him, letting him know that maybe everything would work out, that maybe this was not the end, that maybe he could survive this and walk away from it.  Reassurance encoded in a light, he was feeling it, telling him everything was okay.
The figure of a man dressed in blue blocked his view of the light, but that re assuring feeling remained.  The man walked over as his partner surveyed the scene, checking all the other victims.  He knew they were performing triage, determining who needed the most urgent care, who needed to be brought to the hospital first, who was too far gone, who was already dead.  Being away from any major towns this was probably one of the few ambulances in the area, so they had to be careful in their selection in order to save the most lives possible.
Whats he looking like guys, the EMT asked George and John.
A lot of blood loss, trouble staying conscious, but responsive, John answered.
Hey man, can you talk to me?  Im Gabe, whats your name, The EMT asked as he put on gloves and began taking supplies out of a large first aid bag.
p,p,p he could not get any sound out other than the first letter of his name.  He wanted to look better off than he was, he wanted them to take Alicia first, and by looking less injured that would help them decide to leave him.  He couldnt though, his body was too damaged, too ruined to put on the act with any effectiveness.  Try as he might he could not get even his name out, and he felt the unconsciousness creeping back on him.
Okay man, dont worry were gonna patch you up and get you out of here okay, Gabe said.
Gabes partner came over to assist in placing the neck brace on Peter.
Whats the rest of the scene like, Gabe asked.
This guys the only one that needs immediate evac, she said.
Okay, lets get him on a board and get him out of here, lots of bleeding so keep pressure on everything, Ill hook him up to a monitor and we will get to Grace as soon as we can, Gabe said.
As they shifted him and moved him he could feel their touch on his skin.  Feel the movement in his body, but not the pain.  He was reacting to nothing, it was like his nerves had burned themselves out and he was now incapable of feeling pain.  It was a disconcerting feeling, knowing that he should be in a tremendous amount of pain but feeling nothing.  Not really negative because he was getting off pretty easy, but still slightly negative in that he knew not feeling pain was a bad sign for the state of his current health.  At least with pain he knew he was alive.
As they lifted him up onto the gurney he began to lose contact with the present.  With the current reality.  They had given him an oxygen mask and that was relaxing him, making every short breath he took count for more.  It was like the extra oxygen to his starved cells was waking them up and putting them to sleep at the same time.  He could feel himself slipping and kept trying to fight it.  He wanted to see Alicia.
Why was she not here?  Why was she not demanding to ride in the ambulance with him to the hospital?  If she was injured why was she not going to the hospital, why were they leaving her?
As he got closer to the ambulance, and further from consciousness he saw her.  Waiting beside the open doors at the back, crying as she saw him.  The sight of him connected to all this medical hardware was probably pretty disconcerting.  But at least she was alright.
Peter everythings going to be okay, she said as they loaded him in.
Just stay strong okay, she got in the ambulance and sat on the bench beside him, taking his hand.
He could feel her grip, strong, warm, holding his weak and cold.  Then he felt nothing, as he allowed himself to slip away.  One last indulgence, either he would wake in a hospital bed after they had fixed him up or he would die holding the hand of his wife.  Both options were fine with him now.
The ambulance sped off, sirens blaring.  Disturbing the calm of the day.  A cardinal startled by the sound and speed of the ambulance flew off.  A streak of red in the sky, heading toward some distant home.


The Other Side, Closer
Her face filled his mind.  The blackness receded enough for her to enter into his thoughts.  Allison, the one he had put himself through treatment for.  Her face ringed by her blonde hair.  A look of concern on it, tears in her eyes.  Looks he had seen from her many times when he was lying of the bathroom floor, passed out, in a pool of his own vomit.  Looks he had seen from a hospital bed as he lay there after a bad overdose.
He didnt know why she stayed with him.  He hoped that it was for the right reasons, not just because she wanted someone to look after.  They had told him that now that he was sober he might find her not as attracted to him.  He might even find himself falling out of love with her, although he doubted that.
He was a different person then the person she had fallen in love with.  Even though he had managed to hide his addiction for so long he would still be different then he was.  He was a new man now and he had to be ready for rejection of that new self.
Seeing her face calmed him though.  Reminded him that she loved him, and that she would stay with him forever, she had promised that.  It reminded him that he was not alone, even though it felt that way sometimes.  She gave him a reason to get up in the morning, she gave him a reason to sober himself up.  He would survive losing her, if she fell out of love with him, but he didnt want to.  He would love her forever regardless.
There is a slight smile on her face as slowly he feels himself rising out of the coma dream and back into consciousness.  Reality was coming back, like a hammer to the gut.  That creepy old man, Jonathon, had drugged him but he was still alive.  Why had he been drugged?  This was not making sense.
The room was as he had remembered it before passing out.  The light still there, everything in its place.  He was not even tied down.  It felt like he had not been out that long at all.  Maybe he had retained some tolerance, or maybe his brain had been trained for so long that it was able to dig itself out of drug induced states faster than most.
Whatever the reason he was coming around too fast, and Jonathon was not ready yet.  He must have just passed out, Jonathon didnt even have the rope ready.
Peter could see this, he saw him in the corner untangling something.  He knew that he didnt have a chance unless he acted fast, he would have to fight through the grogginess and take this guy down.
He tuned his head, Jonathon had not noticed that he was awake yet.  There was a sharp pain on the side of his neck, but there was no time to think of that now.  He had to take this guy out.
His muscles were asleep.  Getting them to move would take a huge effort.  Like waking from a deep sleep and then having to run a marathon.  He needed a rush of adrenaline to get himself moving, but it was not happening.  He felt too calm, and he knew why.  The guy had taken him out with some kind of barbiturate, which had the lovely side effect of total relaxation.  He would have to rely on his sheer will to get himself moving.
He shifted as little as he could, not wanting to make too much noise.  Feeling weaker then he should, like he had just donated a few too many pints of blood.  That was the medication, no way to know how powerful it was.  He was lucky he was not in a coma.
Jonathon turned back toward him and noticed that he was awake.  He tried to move to grab him but Peter had the element of surprise and tackled him against the wall, sloppily trying to punch him, his hand too asleep to make a fist.
Jonathon fought back but was weaker than even Peter had anticipated.  One good blow to the jaw and he was out.  Peter sat back, thankful for all the bar fights in his past life, fighting while under the influence was still second nature to him.  He fought the urge to go back to sleep.  It seemed too easy.  For some sick murderer this guy went down like his bones were paper. 
Surveying the room he noticed the blood pool on the floor where he had been laying.  He looked at Jonathon and noticed the blood on his face.  Dried blood mixing with the fresh blood oozing from his mouth. 
Peter didnt feel any bleeding on himself.  Checking his head and limbs he saw nothing.  He would have to solve that mystery when the drugs cleared out of his brain a little more.  He knew it would take twelve hours to flush them out completely so he was in this for the long haul.
Jonathon groaned and Peter decided to tie him up.  Using the rope that had been just untangled, Peter tied Jonathon as best he could and then moved to the other side of the room.  He felt exhausted, he felt like sleep would be the best thing on the planet, but he had to fight it.  He had to stay awake to keep himself alive, to keep an eye on this guy.
There was always his car with the locked doors but right now he felt that he would pass out on the walk over there.  A car also didnt feel safe from a mad man, if he wanted in he could get in.  He would have to stay here.  This way, when Jonathon came around, he would be able to question him and see what this was all about.
He needed to know what he had been given.  He wanted to know why.  What this guys plan was?  He did not seem dangerous, especially after that brief scuffle.
If he had to torture this guy to find out what was happening at least that would help keep him awake.  This was by far the creepiest situation he had ever been in, but maybe the drugs or maybe the fact that he had taken the guy down had removed his fear.
Jonathon was still only groaning, moving a little bit within the ropes that bound him.  He was going to be out for a while, a guy that weak getting knocked out cold.  He probably needed to go to the hospital, he was defiantly concussed.  Peter didnt care, the guy was a creep and if he was suffering a brain injury he might be more manageable.
The drugs were coming in waves.  One minute he would feel awake and the next he would feel on the verge of unconsciousness.  He could not say that he did not enjoy it, it was nice to be high again.  There was the guilt of relapsing and he tried not to enjoy it but he could not help himself.  In the end it really was not his fault, it was some crazy person attacking him so there was no need to feel the guilt he did.  Just try to think clear and come up with some kind of plan of action.
There were a few things he needed right now, he needed to know what the guy had given him so he could prepare for any side effects.  He needed to know what the guy was up to, what he had been planning to do.  He needed to know where that blood had come from and he needed to know how to get out of this town.  After that he could care less about this freak.  He would call the cops as soon as he could, get this guy arrested and go on with his life.
All that he needed was to stay awake.  It was still pitch black outside.  His phone and wallet were missing, a quick search of Jonathon and he found them again.  Still nothing on his phone, a full battery but no reception.  His wallet had everything he had left in it, no reason for this guy to take either one.  Maybe this was a robbery of some kind, this homeless man squatting up here robbing and killing people that pass through.  Selling the goods in town for food, it made some kind of sense.  A psychopath killing people and living off what he stole from them.
If that was the case then why not kill him right away?  Why had he left him alive, and where did that blood come from?  He checked himself again a little more thoroughly and found something on his neck.  Two large leaking holes.  Ragged around the edges, large blood clots blocking them shut.  Just off of his carotid artery.  
Maybe he was supposed to be dead, the guy poked some holes in his neck and waited for him to bleed out.  He missed the artery because hes so old and weak and that was why he was alive right now.  Having a reason for this whole misadventure made him feel a little more in control.  Figuring something out was helping him focus and stay awake.
A shift from Jonathon, Peter looked over at him with disgust.  How many people had he killed this way?  Letting them bleed out as he robbed them.  The rope was probably to help him move the body because he was so weak.  Peter couldnt deny that the guy was at least somewhat courteous, killing his victims in a pretty painless way.  He still deserved no pity, he needed to suffer for what he had done and Peter needed to know what had been done to him, so it worked out nicely that way.
Peter tried standing up but he was still too out of it.  A maneuver like that would have to wait a bit longer.  Although his tolerance and experience with these kinds of drugs had probably served to save his life the month of rehab had taken its toll on his ability to maintain control while intoxicated.  He thought of his car again and realized that even if he could get it started there was no way he could drive like this.
Her face again.  Allison, his beautiful Allison.  She would chew her fingernails when she was nervous or anxious, and she was doing that now.  Her blue eyes staring into his.  What could she be so nervous about?  Why did she look scared?  First concern and tears now fear and anxiety, why couldnt she smile?  He had not seen her smile for a few months now.
The months leading up to his treatment had been the worst.  It was a wonder that their relationship had made it through that.  He was lucky to have her, she was one of those rare people that understand that addiction is a disease and that someone may want to stop but finds it impossible.  He had wanted to quit since he had met her.  Had wanted to quit for her, but always found himself going back to that comfort.  The bottle and the pills.  He had almost died, when she found him on the couch in his apartment he was hardly breathing.  The doctors said his heart rate was at five beats a minute and he was breathing maybe once or twice.  They had never seen someone that far into an overdose come out of it.  He knew how lucky he had been.
Still he did not stop after that.  One morning, after spending the night puking, about a week after leaving the hospital he realized that he needed help.  That day he called her and told him what he was doing.  He called a number they had given him at the hospital, packed his bag and drove up here.  It had been the best decision of his life.
Talking to Allison on the phone when he was in rehab he could hear the smile on her voice.  She was happy he was getting better, she was smiling again and he wanted to see that smile.  He wanted to see her face when he got to her door and said he was home.  It had been so long since she had looked happy.  So why did she look so scared now?
He shot up.  He had passed out again.  He could not let that happen, Jonathon was still out cold and where he had left him.  It was still risky to fall asleep, he needed to find a distraction.  The thought of leaving and camping out in another building crossed his mind, but he had to keep an eye on this guy.  He didnt want to risk him escaping into the woods or getting himself free and hunting the town for his lost prey.  No he had to stay here and find something to keep him awake.  
The room was almost empty.  He scanned it looking for a coffee pot, some caffeine would help him fight off sleep a little longer.  There was only the stove and the phone.
The phone, it had made a dial tone when he had first picked it up, maybe he could get it working again.  He crawled his way over to it, still nothing on the line.  He followed the cable back to the wall and saw what had happened.  Jonathon had the wires all frayed and had pulled all of them from the jack except one.  That was why the phone still sounded live but there was no dial tone.  He would have to find a way to reconnect those wires.  It would be hard in the low light with hands that were asleep.
As he fiddled with the small wires twisting them back from their frayed state he hard Jonathon move behind him.
Got the best of me, he groaned.
Peter turned to look at him, he was finally awake.  Now he had a choice, to fix the phone and call the police or interview this guy and give him a little more pain for what he had done, for what he had most likely been doing to others for a while.  He decided the phone could wait, it would take him all night to reconnect it anyway with the state he was in.
It really was not that hard, I can see why you drug your victims, Peters voice was stiff, groggy barely a croak.  The drugs had his throat asleep too.
It was bound to happen someday, I had actually kind of started hoping it would, Jonathon said.  This sentence was followed by a loud coughing fit that shook his frail body.  He strained at the ropes, they were making it harder for him to get a good breath.
So, I have a few questions and youre going to answer them or I am going to hurt you, got that, Peter said trying to sound tough with his half asleep voice.
Yup, ask away son, Jonathon said, maneuvering himself into a sitting position.
What did you drug me with? Peter asked.
Clonazepam, Im surprised you woke up, thats never happened before, Jonathon was having trouble getting the words out.  He was so weak even talking was a chore.
Well Ive got some experience, thats all you gave me? Peter asked.
Jonathon nodded.
Okay, so whats your deal? You just catch people up here, drug them kill them steal their shit?  The fuck is wrong with you? Peter tried to stand up but the drugs were still hitting him too hard.
No. I have this need.  I drink their blood. I got bit a few years ago. Killed the guy that bit me.  Too much competition not enough people up this way.  I need blood. It makes me feel good. Feel normal again.  Keeps me alive. He trailed off, too weak to continue.
Sure, so youre some vampire wanna be, watched too many movies wanted to kill people and drink their blood, youre fucking sick, youre gonna rot in jail for this, Peter said realizing that the marks on his neck were probably from the guy biting him.  He would have to get a bunch of vaccinations after this, he would probably never feel clean again.  He felt a physical shiver run through him at the thought of this guy sucking on his neck.
Yes. Vampire. Sun burns. Without blood. I get weak. With blood I feel normal again.  I have to do it.  You will understand soon. You will understand.  I dont like killing. But I have to.  Better to kill them then submit them to this living hell.  Its all I think about, blood. He closed his eyes.
Bull shit, you are totally nuts, youre lucky you drugged me or Id be kicking the shit out of you, you freak, Peter said.
Please just kill me, I cant live like this anymore, Jonathon said.
I think rotting in prison would be better.  You dont deserve the relief of death, Peter said.
Then I will do it myself, Jonathon said.
How? No youre going to sit there and when I manage to get the cops on their way youre going to pay for this, Peter said.
They both sat there staring at each other.  Peter had everything he had wanted to know about this guy and the situation.  There was no need to hurt him, he could not say that he was pleased with this.  He had wanted to cause this guy at least a little pain.  There was no reason for him to do that now and he was a little disappointed.
Why did you stop?  Why didnt you just drain me when you had the chance? Peter asked, curious as to why he was still alive.
You know. When youre thirsty. And you have a liter of water. And you try to chug it down. How it hurts and you have to stop. Thats why. Too full. Too much too fast, he said.
Makes sense, or theres the fact that youre not a vampire.  Just a crazy human and humans cant drink a lot of blood without feeling sick, even when they are as nuts as you.  So you had to stop, it probably takes you all night to drain a person, hell you probably never have.  Probably drink a little then just kill them, Peter said.
Jonathon did not respond.  His eyes were closed, his head bobbing.
Wake up, if I cant sleep then you cant either, Peter yelled.
Its done, just kill me.  Its your turn now, your turn to experience hell, he said.
Yeah well, we will see about that you freak, now move over here Im gonna get that phone working, Peter stood on shaky legs.
Jonathon did not move, he just sat there staring at him.  This enraged Peter more than it should have, considering he was still under the effects of the drugs.
I said move you piece of shit, he yelled.  Grabbing him by the hair and trying to drag him over.  He was heaver then Peter had thought, and he was still too weak from the drugs to muscle him over to the corner.  So Peter started kicking him, enraged by his not moving.  He pulled and pushed.  Trying to get him over to the opposite corner in the most painful way he could think of.  He needed him over there so he could keep an eye on him as he worked on fixing the phone.  Throughout the whole painful move to the corner Jonathon said nothing, barely reacting to the pain.
This only enraged Peter more.  He had never got this mad at anything, he liked to think of himself as a pretty calm person.  But for some reason he wanted to hurt this man.  Maybe it was because he had almost been killed by him.  Maybe it was the lame excuse for the attempt, the delusion of thinking he was a vampire.  Whatever reason, Peter was seeing red.  The only reason Jonathon was still alive was because he wanted him to go to prison not the release of death that he had asked for.
I thought vampires had super strength, Peter said giving him one last kick, go on fight back, break out of these ropes and kill me.
No. No strength, only the craving, and the sun, Jonathon said.  In the same calm voice.
Fuck you, youre fucking nuts.  How many people have died because of you, huh? Peter yelled.
The craving takes over.  You cant fight it.  It becomes you.  You will see.  Im sorry for what I have done.  I had no choice.  It was out of my control.  The craving takes over. Jonathon was sobbing.
Shut up, Peter said.
Jonathon did not reply for a while.  Peter began trying to fix the phone again.  He tried to work through the haze of the drugs.  At the very least even if he couldnt fix it the attempt was keeping him awake.
Please, feed me, a weak voice from across the room, you dont understand, please feed me or kill me.
Suffer you piece of shit, Peter said.
You will see soon.  You will know what its like, Jonathon said before falling silent again.
Sure, Peter mumbled returning to the phone.  
The jack was pretty mangled, wires split and damaged.  Trying to fight against the drugs and fix this was becoming more and more difficult.  The lack of light was also not making it any easier.  He had the wires twisted back into shape and just had to figure out where they went.
The wires were colour coded but the ports were not, so it would have to be a case of trial and error.  He could not see clearly enough to get the small wire into the tiny hole though.  He needed proper light.  He would have to work through the drugs, but he could not work through the haze and the lack of light.  Both factors combined made this an impossible task.
He checked his phone and saw that it was midnight.  It would be a long wait until daylight, so he decided to look around for a flashlight.  Something to brighten his operation up.  The light on his phone was not adequate enough.
Got a flashlight in here, he asked jokingly.
Jonathon did not respond, but his wide open eyes followed Peter as he crossed the small room.
Peter began to investigate the stack of boxes near where he had moved Jonathon.  Pulling the top box from the small stack he emptied its contents onto the bed.  Out poured a bunch of wallets, car keys, and cell phones.  The remains of lives he had taken, trophies.
Peter was stunned by the pile on the bed, what looked like hundreds of wallets.  Thats what made him turn on Jonathon.
You sick fuck, he said as he stumbled over to him and began hitting him.
Over and over Peter punched his face.  He kept going as he heard the snapping of bone.  He kept going until his fist throbbed.  He kept going as he felt his own knuckles crack.  He kept going until what used to be a face looked more like a bag of blood.  He was going to continue with his left hand when was no longer working before he realized that he wanted this guy alive.  He checked to see if he was still breathing.
He was, unconscious but alive.  He had said nothing, reacted in no way to the vicious beating.  That made it a lot less satisfying.  Peter wished that he had begged him to stop, or at least struggled away.  If had done that then maybe Peter would have killed him.  The knowledge that he wanted to die is what stopped him in the end.
Piece of shit, he spat on Jonathon as he stood up and checked the other boxes.
They were full of other miscellaneous items from victims.  Batteries, childrens toys, a few dog collars.  The little things that people carry in their cars, the things that would have been attached to the living.  He did find some flashlights but they were all dead or too dim to be of any use.
He looked over at the wrecked figure of Jonathon and wanted to kill him.  The sight of all these items, showing how many people he had killed.  All for no reason.  All because of some crazy delusion.  Now these lives were over.
Jonathons face was swollen, bloody and almost alien looking from the beating and still Peter wanted to do more.  How had he lasted this long with the killing and the cops had not caught on?  That thought made him angrier, not at Jonathon but at a system that could fail to catch a frail old man for so long.  There had to be missing persons reports, investigations, routes retraced.  How had this been allowed to go on for as long as it had?
He vowed to not let these victims be forgotten, and if he could help it to bring the incompetent police force to task as well.  It was disgraceful that something like this had carried on for as long as it had. 
Each wallet had money still in it, credit cards, debit cards, everything of value untouched.  The phones all had the batteries taken out but were otherwise untouched.  How had this guy managed to survive this long out here?  There was no way he had a job, he clearly lived in this room and there was no town around for miles.  He had food, but as Peter examined it closer he realized that there was not much, not enough to last more than a week on.  Maybe he scavenged the town for his supplies but that could only yield so much, the buildings would be mostly empty.
Maybe he saved up enough wallets before going to town, or maybe he had a lot of money and just lived here killing people as some sick hobby.  Whatever it was, from the looks of things he was not robbing people for their valuables.
In the piles of stuff there was nothing that seemed to work, no flashlight that still had enough juice to give him the light he needed.  Going through everything he slowly realized that some of the objects were surprisingly old.  The cell phones gave it away, some models being at least seven or eight years old.  How long had this guy been doing this?  The more he looked through everything the further back in time he felt himself going.
He had to stop.  Seeing all these snippets of peoples lives was becoming too depressing.  So many people, so many lives, families, destroyed by one man.  There had to be at least a couple hundred people, not counting the children or those that didnt have wallets.  So where had this guy been putting the bodies?  There would surely be a mass grave or dump site around here that when found would at least provide closure to the families.  The thought of this weak frail old man dragging bodies into the woods and burying them seemed a little farfetched, but anything was possible.  Unless he had been stashing them in some of the abandoned houses.  The thought of rows of homes filled with corpses made him shudder.
He returned to trying to get the phone working, distracting himself from the gruesome facts lying in front of him on the ratty mattress.  The lack of light was starting to really frustrate him, made only more difficult by the fog of the drugs.  Something so simple that he should be able to accomplish it in 5 minutes was becoming more and more impossible.  
His eyes were no longer under his control, he kept catching himself as they closed.  Startling awake and trying once again to focus on the few wires he had to reconnect.  Deep down he knew that it was a total freak accident that he had even managed to come awake with this amount of drug in him.  He didnt want to admit that though, admitting that would mean that passing out again was entirely possible and he could not let himself do that.
The blood loss was not helping either.  His neck felt stiff and where the puncture wounds were was sore and tender.  He pressed on them hoping the surge of pain would bring him further out of the unconsciousness he was slipping into.  It did and for a few minutes he was able to concentrate and get one of the wires back into its proper spot.  Then the fatigue came back, worse than before.
He caught himself falling off a few times and managed to bring himself round with a quick jab at his neck.  The thought of this crazy person having his mouth on him was disgusting.  He would have to get a full blood check once he got out of here.  Hopefully he hadnt got HIV or some other blood borne illness from this guy.  Just another thing to add to his list of worries.
Jonathon was still barely breathing.  Peter walked over to him, he had to get up and move otherwise he was going to enter that comfortable warm place of a drug induced sleep.  He checked all the knots on the rope were still tight, tightening others to the point where circulation was cut off, not caring if this guy got gangrene in his hands and feet, it was the least he deserved.
He put all the wallets and personal items back into the boxes, not wanting to handle them too much as they would prove to be good evidence in this freaks trial.  He could not stand looking at them any longer.
With the extra wire in the phone jack getting the last one in was even harder in the low light conditions he was working in.  He would have to give up and call it a night.  It was only making him more tired as he got more and more upset with it.  Whenever things got too hard he always just shut down, that was his problem, that was why he had started to drink so much.
He pulled out his phone, there was still a whole night that lay ahead of him, many hours until he could open that door to let some light in and get the phone fixed or go searching for one that worked.  In the daylight wandering the town would be a lot more manageable, less worry about Jonathon escaping and sneaking up on him in the dark.
He had a few games on his phone, basic games but hopefully enough to keep him occupied.  There was nothing else he could think of to do without leaving this room and that implied leaving Jonathon unattended at night.  He had to keep awake, so he played Tetris on his phone.  He knew that this would only work for so long but at least it was something.
He is back home.  A child again.  His mother is sleeping, his dad is at work.  He is looking out the window, having awaked early from his nap.  The birds are bouncing between branches in the trees still bare from winter, just starting to bud.  Robins and other birds he does not know the names for.  He knows what robins are because his parents told him.  They tell him every time they see one when they go for walks to the park.
One of the robins has a worm and for some reason this excites him.  Seeing this robin eat, it is interesting.  He is tired still, waking up still, but he is comfortable.
Peter jumps.  Opening his eyes, his phone still in his hand, he is still sitting up.  Weird that he would remember that, that seeing a robin eat would be one of his earliest memories.  Even weirder that he would dream it here, as he kept watch over a serial killer that thought he was a vampire.
Tetris was clearly not working at keeping him awake.  He wished he had bought more games, but he barely used his phone any way, just for calling and other basic stuff, never saw the point in all those fancy extras, now he wished he had.  At least then he would have another distraction to help keep him awake.  He had a book in his car, but that would probably not help much either.  Reading in this dim light, it would also mean that he would have to get to his car and get back here as fast as he could and he didnt trust his body yet.  The drugs still had him in a good grip, which he knew they would for the next few hours.  The guy had used some powerful stuff on him.
His whole body was screaming at him to just sleep, but the thought of sleeping in the same room as the guy that had just tried to kill him was a little unsettling, even if he was beaten half to death and tied up.  Still his mind and his body were working in tandem to try and get him to just sleep.  Slowly that rational voice was becoming quieter and quieter.  Harder to hear over the screams telling him to just sleep.
Having not slept since the night before he was running out of excuses to stay awake.  The guy was tied up pretty tight, and after that beating Peter doubted he would be coming around any time soon.  His fist was throbbing, a knuckle or two defiantly broken.  Maybe he would just sleep, staying awake was not helping him at all.  And if Jonathon tried anything he would come around in time to stop him, the guy was incredibly weak after all.
He would allow himself a few hours rest, until daylight at least.  Then he could get this phone working and get himself out of here and get this guy arrested.  He would set his phone alarm and let the drugs take him into the realm of rest.  There was not much else he could do, at least this way he would be going to sleep on his own terms.
First he would move Jonathon over somewhere that if he did wake up and start moving he would make a lot of noise and hopefully wake Peter.  He thought of putting him outside and just locking himself in here to be safe, but he did not want to allow for the chance of escape.  It was risky, but at least this way he would have a form of closure, knowing that the guy that had killed so many and almost killed him had been brought to justice.
He pushed and pulled the old man behind the boxes, making a little fort around him by piling them up.  This way if he moved he would knock them over, which would make enough noise to bring Peter around from his rest.
That done he pulled the sheet off the bed.  The mattress looked clean enough, it would be better than the floor at least.  He used his arm for a pillow and lay down on the bed.  It didnt smell at all, which was nice, he was scared it would stink.  He didnt nod off slowly, he crashed into the world of sleep.
No dreams could invade the level of sleep he had entered.  It was deep and empty, letting the drugs take him instead of fighting them took him into that realm of sleep where nothing happens.  Closer to death then actual sleep.
It was the sound of Jonathons moans that shifted into cries of pain that eventually pulled him out of it.  Were I not for that he would have slept into the afternoon.  Jonathon had awoken in a world of pain, his face was so damaged that he felt that he was going to die from it.  The ropes binding him were so tight that he could feel the nerves dying on the other end.  Every part of his body was screaming at him and this drew him out of his unconsciousness back into reality.
Waking to screams, even when they are coming from someone he wanted dead, was disconcerting.  Peter woke in a state of total fear, first having to remember where he was and then making a connection to the cries coming from the other side of the room.
Shut up, he said groggily.  After getting his bearings he stopped caring about the source of the screams.
Please. So thirsty, Jonathon said through gritted teeth.
Here, Peter gave him one of the bottles of water scattered around the room.
No. Need blood, Jonathon said.
Fine, dont drink it, die of dehydration.  Ill say I tried to keep you alive but you refused, Peter said.
In this dark room he could not tell what time it was.  Couldnt even see if it was daylight out.  He opened the door.
The blaze of light blinded him.  It elicited screams louder than the ones before from Jonathon.  So loud it startled Peter into closing the door again.  And was that a slight burning sensation he felt on his face and arms, like a really bad sunburn.  What the hell had happened, had the sun grown two sizes over night?
No it must have something to do with the drugs and sleeping beside a homicidal maniac all night.  He was merely having some kind of weird psychological response.  If only Jonathon would stop screaming he could think, it was hard enough dealing with the grogginess of the drugs.
He looked over at Jonathon where the screams were subsiding into whimpers.  He was smoking.  His one side blackened where his clothing did not cover his skin.  It looked like he had been hit with a blowtorch.
What the hell, Peter said.  This did not make any sense, maybe the sun had grown overnight.  But then why was he not smoldering.  He looked at his own arms and saw that they were pretty red.  Like he had been sitting in the tropics all day without sunscreen.  Maybe the sun had not hit him as directly.
Please kill me, Jonathon screamed.
What the fuck is going on, Peter could feel a panic setting in.  This did not make sense.  It was like he was in a dream or something.  Something was wrong and he needed to wake up.
I told you, vampire, Jonathon said.
No. No. That is not an answer, that makes no sense, vampires do not exist, Peter said.
Thats the only name I can think of.  I told you, Jonathon was slowly passing out.
What the hell is going on, Peter yelled.
Youre turning too. Soon the thirst will come.  Im sorry, please understand that I had no choice.
No. Youre just sick, mentally.  Maybe some kind of skin disease.  I dont know, but Im going out there.  There is no such thing as vampires, Peter said.
Then go outside.
Peter stepped through the door as fast as he could, not wanting to have his prisoner roast in the exposure to the light again.
The sun was scorching, which was odd for this time of year.  He could feel it burning his skin.  It felt like he was lying in the sun on a floating dock in the middle of a lake.  He could barely see through the light, it was burning his eyes so much.  There was no way.  It would make more sense if the sun had somehow grown overnight.  Vampires did not exist.  There was no way this was possible.  He had to try and figure this out.  Besides he had no taste for blood or anything, maybe the guy had some kind of bug that he had caught.  Maybe it just made those infected sensitive to sunlight, and he had given it to him when he bit him.
That made sense.  Mentally unstable guy gets some weird infection.  The infection makes him highly sensitive to sunlight.  In his unstable state this guy immediately connects this to some kind of vampirism and goes on a weird killing spree.  That made more sense, he had just been infected with an obscure virus.
That did not change the fact that he was now in a lot of pain from being in the sun for only a few minutes.  So he retreated back into the darkness of the room.  It took a while for his eyes to adjust back to the dim light.
See now, you see, Jonathon said.
Yah I see, you were infected with some disease that made you sensitive to light and that made you think you were a vampire.  Youre just a deluded unstable man, Peter said.  He could almost feel a kind of pity for this guy.
Just wait then, wait until the thirst comes, Jonathon said.
Sure thing, Peter said.
He still needed light to get this phone working.  The more he thought about it the less likely it seemed he could even get it back in working order.  The wires were not perfectly put back in place and examining the work he had done the night before led him to conclude that he would have to re do everything anyway.  His time would be better spent looking for another phone, or at least cable to replace this one.
He would take Jonathon with him.  Maybe the pain of the light would make him more talkative and he would tell Peter where he could find a working phone.
Im going to find a phone and call the cops and youre going to come with me and show me where one is, Peter said.
Please no.  The sun is the worst way to go.  Any way but that, Jonathon said.
Sorry man, but I cant risk leaving you alone, Peter began untying his legs.
He hoped that the lack of circulation had not killed the guys feet, he didnt want to have to carry him.  He smelt like burnt meat, but Peters head was so messed up he couldnt be sure.  He was sure that the smoldering he had seen was just an effect of his drugged mind.  The burnt looking skin something caused by lack of circulation from being tied all night.  He helped him to his now free feet.
Please dont make me do this, Jonathon begged.
Well you said you wanted to die.  He knew that the sun was only going to inflict more pain on him, the same amount of pain they would both be in.  It was bearable, but still he grabbed the sheet from the floor to help cover any exposed skin.  He didnt want this guy dying of pain while they were out.
You first, Peter said not wanting to let Jonathon out of his sight.
Please. No, he said.
Shut up and go, Peter pushed him toward the door.
Jonathon took a deep breath and opened the door.
Forgive me, he said as he stepped into the light.
Peter was about to follow, the light blinding him.  Then he saw Jonathon standing there.  His skin was pouring smoke, like a leaf under a magnifying glass.  He could hear it sizzling and cracking.  Peter stood frozen, he didnt even think to reach out and pull him in.
Jonathon began to scream as he turned to face Peter.  The sheet was catching fire from the flames that were starting on Jonathons skin.  His face was melting and shifting, before it burst into flame.  He collapsed to the ground, his entire body alight, like he had self-immolated.  Peter was feeling the heat from the fire as well as the sun on his skin.  He still could not move as he watched the flames die down.  Jonathon was now just a pile of ash, smoldering on the ground in front of him.
Peter finally snapped back to reality.  The pain of his arm beginning to burn severely made him step back and close the door.
Holy fucking shit, he said to the dark and empty room.
This changed everything.  Something was clearly going on, something he could not explain.  Either this disease was something he had never encountered, heard of, or existed before.  Or he was actually a vampire just like Jonathon had said.
The vampire thing didnt work though because he was not craving blood like Jonathon had said he would.  Unless it took longer to develop that craving, at this point he was not sure.  All he knew was that he had just seen a man burst into flames from the sun right in front of him, and that he had a second degree burn up his arm from where the sunlight had touched him.  Things were not looking good for any logical theory.  He really hoped that he was dreaming.
Being stuck in a nightmare made sense.  He had fallen asleep in his car in a creepy town.  He was just having a bad dream while he slept.  Now he just had to find a way to wake himself up.  Usually when he realized he was in a dream that was when he woke up.  So far this dream had been the most realistic dream of his life and yet as he tried to wake himself he was finding he could not.  The dream explanation was rapidly falling apart on him.
That left two things, both equally improbable.  Either he was suffering from some new disease that made people burst into flames in the sun, or he was a vampire.  Until he started thirsting for blood he was going to go with the new disease explanation, that would help him keep grip on his slipping sanity. He needed to get the phone working.
The one in this room was not going to work again.  The wires were too damaged.  His attempted repair job too botched.  He would have to try to brave the sun to get to a building that had a working phone.  The pain in his arm was on the boarder of being unbearable, blisters were forming on the dark red skin.  The amount of damage that the sun had done to him made him weary of trying to go out there again.  But the thought of sitting in this room waiting for night was equally unappealing.  He had to make a decision, find a way to get to a phone so he could call for help. 
If he did have some crazy new disease then getting to a hospital as soon as he could seemed like the best idea.  He just could not think of a way to traverse the town looking for a phone when his skin blistered after even the briefest exposure to sunlight.
He looked around the room trying to find something he could cover himself in that would block the sunlight.  Clothing would not be enough, it had to block the light entirely.  From what he could see and what he remembered from the night prior there was nothing.
The only thing he could think of was using the cardboard boxes.  They had to block most of the light, and if he tore them up and wrapped himself in them he could make it work, it was a shame that he had left the rope on Jonathon because that would have worked nicely for tying the cardboard to himself.  As it stood he would have to use his shoelaces, and the little bits of tape already on the boxes.
It was difficult and awkward but after going about if for close to a half hour he had managed to cover most of his exposed skin along with his upper body.  He was wearing jeans and he figured they were thick enough to stop most of the light.  His back was pretty open but he felt that it was covered pretty well.  His shirt would provide some level of cover.
This was going to be risky but he needed to find a phone so he could get himself out of here.  Explaining what had happened would be tricky but when the doctors saw what he was infected with the police would be more inclined to believe him.  He knew Alice would be wondering where he was but even if they started a search for him he would be pretty hard to find.  At this point he was fairly sure that he had got here by making a lot of wrong turns on the way home.
He could not wait to be found he had to get help for himself.  If that meant risking severe burns then that was something he would have to face.  Sitting in this dark room was not an option, he was starting to lose his sense of reality.  With the drugs fading, watching a guy burn in the sun, being almost murdered and still recovering from a pretty serious addiction he had to find a way to ground himself again.  He needed help and he knew that the only way he was going to get it was by taking a risk.
As he opened the door and felt the sun blinding him he realized how unprotected his eyes were in his cardboard helmet.  He would have to keep them closed as much as he could manage if he wanted to be able to see when this was over with.
Stepping into the light and over the pile of ash that was Jonathon he felt warm, but nothing he could not handle.  It was like he was an astronaut entering a dangerous environment guarded by a thin layer of equipment. 
The areas of his skin that were not as protected were starting to burn pretty badly.  His legs too were already hurting as he realized that jeans were not the best protectors from sunlight.
He ran, trying to find a building that looked likely to have a functioning phone in it.  He moved, stumbling through the town for fear of opening his eyes too much.  He was going through more and more pain.  The building he stopped at to investigate was less a choice based on the likelihood of a phone and more on the fact that he could no longer stand the burning.
He found the door mercifully unlocked and stepped into the welcome shade of the house.  The curtains were closed, but the little light that was getting through was enough to still hurt him, though not as bad as out there had.  He kept his cardboard sun shielding on and began to explore the home.
A layer of dust covered most of the things in the house, but that was expected.  What was odd was that there were so many things in the house.  In fact it looked like all the belongings of the previous owners were still here.  Like the house had been abandoned in a hurry.
The living room looked untouched since the previous owners.  The television still there, the couches, table, books on the shelves, everything.  Even the little knick knacks that invade most peoples houses after they have been living there for a long time.  The living room was attached to a dining room that had a small table and chairs.  There were pictures on the mantles and walls throughout both rooms.  He could tell that the owners had been an elderly couple with pretty successful children based on the graduation photos.  
It was in the kitchen that he found the owners.  Their mummified and dry remains on the floor.  He assumed that they were the owners but from the state of the bodies could not be sure.  They were so mummified that they produced no smell of decay and were not that disturbing to look at.  Peter found himself quite calm at the sight considering what it meant.
Jonathon had either been hiding bodies in buildings, or judging from the fact that all the belongings were still in the house, had killed these people before they could escape.  A disturbing thought entered Peters head, maybe the whole town had fallen to Jonathon?  Maybe this town was not abandoned, but all the residents had been killed along with any of those that came to investigate.  
Jonathon had mentioned another.  He had told Peter about the one that had turned him.  Maybe they had worked in tandem to kill the whole town, than Jonathon killed that guy because he was becoming competition for Jonathons sick fantasy.  Or maybe Jonathon was telling the truth and he was a vampire, turned by the one who had killed this whole town.
Either way, Peter felt that he had stumbled onto one of the largest serial killing sprees in history.  This only made him want to find a phone faster, so he could get the cops here and reveal this mass tragedy.
He carefully stepped over the bodies on the floor and checked the phone on the wall on the other side of the room.  It was totally dead, but from what he could see, had not been damaged in any way.  This brought him hope, he would just have to disconnect it and bring it back to the room to plug it into the working jack.
As he pulled the phone out of the wall as carefully as he could manage he was hit with a severe hunger pain.  He had not eaten since the drugged beefaroni last night.  The adrenaline of being almost murdered and trying to get himself rescued had kept the hunger at bay, but now that he was in a proper kitchen with a path to rescue open to him it came back.
The small window over the sink was letting very little light into the room and this made it bearable for him.  The pain he felt was from the burns he had already sustained, he could not feel any new pain.  With the phone in hand he began searching the cabinets for some canned food he could eat.
There was a pretty large selection on offer and he chose a can of corn, with some canned chili for a quick meal.  He would bring them back to the room and eat there while he waited for rescue.  He didnt trust the food that Jonathon had stashed in the room.  He put the cans in his pockets, grabbing a can opener from one of the drawers and with the phone in one hand he braced himself to face the outside again.
He sprinted as fast as his tired, burnt and encumbered body could take him.  Heading for the alley that led to the room.  It was getting harder to see, encumbered by his cardboard armor, combined with the sun burning his eyes.  It felt like he was going blind even when he squinted to block the light as best he could.  His skin was on fire, even the parts that were well covered.  It was like even being in the presence of sunlight was killing him.  He needed to get inside as fast as he could.
It felt like he had been running for a very long time.  He was almost completely blind from the sunlight.  He knew he was going the right way and that it was the imminent danger combined with the pain of the light that was making it seem like it was taking too much time.
When he was a kid there was this underwater cave around where he and his family used to camp.  The water was crystal clear and it was easy to see when one was swimming out of the cave into the light.  It was an almost magical experience.  But swimming into the cave, into the darkness was terrifying.  The entry was a straight shot quick underwater swim, no way to possibly get lost.  But swimming into darkness time did funny things, it would feel like he had been under for minutes when it had only been seconds.  He would start to panic thinking he had somehow gone down a side cave even though he knew there were none.  The knowledge of being surrounded on all sides by rock, having no way to surface for air, it would close in on him.  He would start to panic and just when he thought it was all over he would realize that he was through the tunnel and he would surface.  The panic would subside and he would know that he had only been under for a few seconds, just like every other time.  That was how he felt now, blind and running toward the room. 
It felt like he had been out in the sun for hours, that he was going to die when he was so close to salvation.  Then he felt the cool steel of the door.  In the shade of the alley he was able to open his eyes a little and see that he had made it back to safety.
The room was cool, refreshing, and mercifully dark.  His skin was in a tremendous amount of pain, and he knew that if he had been burnt really badly he was at a pretty high risk of succumbing to shock and dying.  He had to get the phone working while he was still conscious.  The pain was fairly minimal now that he was inside, but he didnt want to risk anything, not this close.
The room was starting to feel more comfortable despite his knowledge of the previous occupant.  He knew that the houses in the town were all probably not very light proof.  Basements maybe, but he also knew that this room had a working phone jack.  At least one that had been working for a brief few seconds the prior night.  A night that now felt lifetimes away.  He had witnessed and done so much since then.  It was like he was now living in the twilight zone or something.  Some odd space that he still could not accept as entirely real.  He was only acting as if it were real in order to hedge his bets.  If he awoke and this was all a dream then there was no harm in trying to get rescued, if it was not a dream then better try and get rescued.  He really hoped it was a dream though, otherwise he would have to accept that he had seen a man combust in sunlight and that he himself was rapidly becoming allergic to it.
He sat down on the bed.  It was cool and comforting, numbing his screaming skin.  He really wanted to sleep.  The drugged sleep of the night prior had left him feeling as if he had not slept at all, he could really use a nap.  The sun had drained him of what little energy he had left.
First he wanted to eat, but before both of those things he had to call for help.  Had to get himself rescue, then he would cook and possibly nap while he waited for them to arrive.
He ripped the old and wrecked cord from the wall and plugged in the new one attached to the phone.  Lifting the receiver he could already hear a dial tone in the silent room.  He was thanking heaven that he had found the house that elderly people had lived in.  All the new cordless phones needed a second source of power to operate, but the old phones took their power directly from the phone line.
He was about to dial the emergency number when it hit him.  The thought that would change everything.  He was thinking about the people they would send to save him, about seeing Alice again, and the image of blood filled his head.  He wondered what they would taste like, how he would lure them away and attack them.  That hunger in his head, similar to the one he had had for alcohol but this time for blood.  It was like craving a drink after seeing a beer commercial, only the commercial was thoughts of people and the drink- but no.  He was only suffering from some sun stroke or something.  Hysteria caused by this whole experience, he could even be succumbing to shock.
He was suffering from the same disease he had been, and just like him he was now getting the idea of vampirism in his head.  He was just hungry and tired and burnt and the thoughts that Jonathon had been feeding him were taking hold of his mind in his weakened state.  He was not craving blood, he was just hungry and the drugs were wearing off so he was having some withdrawal cravings.  Those two things were combining in his mind to make him think he was craving blood.  That was all, vampires were not real.  He sat on the bed trying to convince himself as the dial tone on the phone turned into the loud scream of the disconnect warning.
He would just eat first then call for help, he told himself as he hung the phone up.  Maybe some food and a little rest would calm his mind enough to be able to realize that it was just a combination of factors.  Alice would be worried he was supposed to be back late last night.  She would be more worried that she had heard nothing from him in so long.  Not a phone call, text message, nothing.  He had to pull himself together.
He set to cooking the food he had taken from the home.  He didnt like to think of it as stealing as clearly the occupants had been dead a while, but he did make a note to try and figure out who they had been so he could find a way to repay any surviving family for the fact that their relatives had served to help him.  Not just by feeding him but also by providing him with a phone that worked.
The stove was pretty simple, the room was not airtight, but still Peter worried about the danger of burning gas in a confined area.  He couldnt risk opening the door, the light would hurt too much.  He would just have to try and make this as fast as he could, not letting the stove burn for too long.  He really didnt want to die of carbon monoxide poisoning after coming this far.
He still debated just calling for help.  What was the worst that could happen, even if he was a vampire?  From what he could tell by Jonathon he would gain no special powers, only a craving for blood and aversion to light.  He could just work the night shift and arrange to have a blood donor or two keep him fed.
He knew this was not possible, that science would never accept it and that he would go mad with hunger while they ran tests.  Besides, he was fairly certain that he was just suffering a little temporary delusion from all the stress of his recent experiences.  He just didnt want to risk getting others involved in case, on the slim chance, he was in fact a vampire.
The food done he ate it too fast for his totally empty stomach.  He had to lie down and suffer the consequences of piling expired canned food into a stomach that had only seen a few bites of food in the past thirty six hours.  He viciously fought the urge to vomit, something he had a lot of practice of from years of trying to keep gallons of alcohol down.  He didnt want to vomit in this small space, the only safe space he knew of from the sun.  On top of that he didnt want to risk going outside again to get more food if he wasted what he had managed to salvage.
Lying on the bare mattress of the room, a mattress he was already starting to think of as his even though he planned on getting rescued soon.  Fighting nausea had always made him want to sleep.  Sleep seemed to be the only thing that helped.  He was already lying on the mattress, sleep was a pretty easy thing to fall into from this position, especially after a night as rough as the one he had experienced. 
The more he thought of it the more he was able to justify taking just a little nap.  He was dead tired, he was trying to digest food, he wanted to make sure he was not either a vampire or totally insane, and he couldnt go out in the sun anyway.  He would just sleep here until it was sunset, then he would call for help and get rescued.  He didnt want to have to brave the sunlight to get into an ambulance.  His skin was already the most burnt he had ever experienced.
The burns were second degree in some places, blistered and excruciating.  The more he examined himself though the more he saw that the majority of the burns were just really bad sunburns.  His entire body was massively sun burnt and if felt like every nerve in his system was on fire so despite being mostly mild burns the pain was approaching his threshold of tolerance. 
The food had only served to provide him with enough energy to completely register the amount of pain he was in.  It was like now that the urgency of his hunger had faded along with the nausea that was moving off it was being replaced with the scream of his burns.  He preferred the hunger and nausea to this, he was at least used to coping with the other two.
The pain of his body was serving to force him awake.  It was also making him want to call for rescue.  He no longer cared if he had lost his mind, or if he was infected with some supernatural illness that made him crave blood and become sensitive to the sun.  He just wanted out of this.  He needed out of this, there was no way he could deal with this pain anymore.  And if it turned out that he was crazy then that was what psychologists were for.
He picked up the phone and listened to the reassuring sound of the dial tone.  A sound signaling civilization and rescue.  No longer did it matter if he was a vampire, he would deal with that when he got out of here.  He would find a way to live with it.  The food had given him the energy to think straight and the pain had awoken his brain, he realized what kind of situation he was in.
He was seriously ill with some kind of virus, hiding in a town littered with bodies from one of the most prolific serial killers in history, he had survived an attack from this killer, he had seen a man burst into flames from the sun due to the illness that he himself was in the early stages of.  He had to get rescued, no matter what was wrong with him.  His entire body was a flaming mass of pain no matter what was actually wrong with him he needed to get out of here.  No more sleeping in this creepy room on a dirty mattress.
He dialed the three numbers and an emergency dispatcher picked up on the other end.
Please help me, he forced out.  He had not realized how weak he was becoming.  Either due to the pain or because shock was setting in.
As best as he could he explained the situation to the operator.  It was hard for him to describe where he was but they managed to trace the phone he was calling from to a general location.  They wanted him to meet the ambulance on a main street, he had a hard time explaining that he could not go into the sun.
Okay, Im going to have you stay on the line, when the police get there they will start calling your name, when you hear them close let me know and I will let them know.  We will zero in on your position, she said.
Thank you, thank you so much, Peter said.  He knew that they would be a long time in getting out to his location and that it would take them a while to find this fairly hidden location.  The knowledge that help was on the way was re-assuring enough though.  Having a voice on the other line to talk to was even better, having a connection to the outside again.
Can you contact my girlfriend and let her know that Im alright? he asked the operator, hoping that they could.
Yes just give me her number and Ill have someone call to let her know, she said.
He gave the number and then went back to the process of trying to stay awake and make small talk with a stranger on the other end of the line.  She was getting more details on his ordeal and he was explaining as best he could.
Every time he got to the part where Jonathon burst into flames there was a little skepticism in her voice that he could detect.  He knew that she must think that he was mentally unstable from this whole thing.  He knew that when the cops got here there would be a lot more questions.  They would wonder where this Jonathon person had gone and they would not believe that he had just burst into flame in the sun.
He knew that he would not be a suspect, it was pretty obvious that he had only been here for one night.  The drugs in his system combined with the pretty obvious path of him leaving rehab and all the other evidence would serve to keep him out of suspicion.  He had seen enough crime shows to know this.  They would just think that Jonathon had escaped, without a body a pile of ash would not convince them of his story.  He knew this but did not care.  If they wanted to waste money looking for someone who he knew was dead then let them.  Not being believed really didnt faze him, he just wanted out of here.
The phone at his side, listening to the operator it was hard to stay awake.  He really wanted to just sleep until help arrived, the pain of his burns was driving him mad and he wanted to escape into sleep.  His body wouldnt let him.
Can I talk to her?  Did you manage to get through? he asked the operator, wanting to talk to Alice in order to help him stay awake.
Yes, I have to inform you that we will still be on the line though, we have to keep you connected in order to assist in finding you, the operator said.
Thats fine, please let me talk to her, Peter said.
One moment, he could hear the click of the phone line connecting him to Alice.
Hey baby, he said, feeling tears come to his eyes.
Hey, Im glad youre okay I was starting to worry, he could hear that she had been crying and was talking through tears.  He was now doing the same.
Yeah Im fine, just got attacked by some crazy person thats all, he said trying to laugh.
Well please come home soon, I dont like you being alone there, she said.
Im working on it honey, they are coming to get me I will see you soon just wait, he said.  He could not wait to see her.
I cant wait, its been so long, she said.
He knew that this was true in more ways than one.  He had effectively been gone for the past year, with the amount of drinking and drugs he was doing.  He had been avoiding her and when they were together he was usually on something.  The real Peter had not been with her in a long time, and he was excited for them to reunite.
I know baby, I know, he said.
They said youre a little sick, what were they talking about? she asked.
Well I think I have become allergic to the sun, Im sure its nothing they will fix it, he said.
I hope so, I want to go somewhere nice to celebrate, she said.
Celebrate what? he asked.
Just you getting your life back together and us and everything.  I think we deserve it, she said.  He could tell she had a huge smile on despite her tears.  He was glad to see that she was sticking with him.  He knew that she would say yes when he popped the question.
Well nowhere with too much booze flying around, Im still recovering, he said with a laugh.
I found a great place, dont you worry, she said.
I cant wait baby, I cant wait to finally see you again.  I dont care where we go as long as its with you baby, he said.
Me too, but this will be fun dont worry, she said.
Im sure it will, he said.
Peter sorry to interrupt, but the ambulance and police will be there shortly, the operator interjected.
Okay, did you hear that, they are coming for me, Ill be alright Peter said excited.
I did, you focus on that and Ill start driving up to the hospital they said they were going to bring you too, Alice said.
I love you.
I love you too.
The line clicked as she transferred off.  Probably to talk to another operator and get the location of the hospital he was being brought to.
So what do I have to do to make finding me easier? Peter asked.
Make as much noise as you can, we traced the call but I can tell its not a house line because theres not address attached to it.  I can only give them a general location, she said.
Okay, are they here now? Peter asked.
No Ill tell you when to start making noise, I know youre probably pretty weak but you have to be as loud as possible, she said.
Okay, did you tell them about the sun?  I really cannot be in it very long it hurts like hell, he said getting worried.  He knew they could not get a car into the ally and that he would have to make it from the room to the back of an ambulance at least.  Then there was the worry that they ambulance would have sun leaking into it.
I did, they have brought blankets to cover you with, it will help, the operator said.
Okay good, I was worried about that, Peter said relieved, he had been worried about going into the sun again.  His skin was already in enough pain as it was.
Okay they are near you did you hear that siren? The operator asked.
Yeah, sounds like they are right outside the alley, Peter said.
Okay, try to make as much noise as you can Ill tell them to listen for it, the operator said.
Peter tried yelling only to find out that his throat was a lot drier then he had thought.  Instead he settled on banging on the door as hard as he could and trying to yell even though it was coming out only a little louder than his speaking voice.
He could hear the sound of his rescue, it was maddeningly close.  That gave him the energy he needed to bang the door even louder and to actually manage a loud cry for help.
I think hes behind here, a voice from the other side said.  It was still down the alley and he could hear the footsteps getting closer.
Peter, are you in there? the voice was just outside the door.
Yes, yes, Im here, Peter croaked.
Bring the ambulance weve got him, the voice said, dont worry Peter we are going to get you out of here.
Thank you, Peter said, exhausted.  He was looking forward eagerly to the waiting ambulance and the hospital beyond.
Okay Im going to open the door, the rescuer warned.
Peter went back to the furthest corner of the room, which was not that far away from the door but it was the best he could do.  When the EMT opened the door the light was not hitting him directly.  As the day had moved on the sun had moved over and was no longer shining directly into the door.  Still the small amount of light burnt him again, bringing back the pain with vengeance.  He let out a small groan from the pain, trying to fight it as hard as he could.  It was intense, burning on top of burns.  It seemed that he was becoming more sensitive to the light as the day went on.
When the EMT opened the door he was greeted with a bizarre sight.  Something he was not accustomed to working this far out of any major city.  Most of the cases he got were car accidents and hunting accidents combined with occasional drowning and other small typical things.  He had never seen something quite like this before.
The totally abandoned town was one thing that threw him off right from the start.  He had never been in this particular town before.  There were a lot of abandoned buildings and towns this far out but this town was unique for the pristine nature of it.  The fact that it had not been vandalized made him feel more uncomfortable in it.
Then there was the case itself.  The man claiming to have been attacked by a vampire or something.  They had told him it might be a mental illness case, so he was prepared for some kind of violence.  They also told him that the man was complaining of a severe sensitivity to sunlight so he had to bring thick blankets to get the man into the ambulance.  Before he had opened the door the case was already strange.  Then seeing the room this man was hiding in made it become a little odder.
The room was tiny.  There were random objects strewn everywhere and torn up cardboard boxes littered the floor.  The patient was hiding in a corner of the room groaning from the light.  He looked like he hadnt slept in a long time and even from a distance and in the dim light he could see that the man was horribly sun burnt and red.  This made him close the door behind him, his partner was down the alley and coming toward the door.  If the guy was unstable he had help just outside combined with the four cops standing by the ambulance.  The other two were investigating the town and the guys car.
Are you Peter? he asked.  Dispatch had given him the guys name.
Yes. Thank you for closing the door, Peter said his voice barely coming out.  He was exhausted from the effort involved in making noise and the renewed pain in his burns.
Im George, Im here to help you, The EMT said.
Please, Peter could feel himself passing out.
Okay, youre not going to get violent or anything? George asked.
No just please cover me up before we go outside I cant stand the sun, Peter said, worried that he would have to go into the light again.
Okay, dont worry, Im going to have my partner bring a stretcher and some rubber blankets to help keep the light off you, George said.
He went to the door and told Tomas to bring the stretcher down.
Now Im just going to check you out okay?  Got to make sure you dont have any severe injuries is that okay? he asked, still nervous.  He did not like the mental illness cases, they could be unpredictable.
Yes, was all Peter could manage, he was feeling weaker by the minute.
George began the exam.  The man had some of the worst sunburn he had ever seen.  The second degree burns that were in some areas made it hard to believe that the sun had done this.  He was wondering if maybe it was some sort of self-inflicted burning.  The guys pulse was weak and connecting him to the monitors revealed that it was also racing.  His blood pressure was also pretty low.  He was not in good shape.
Have you taken any medication or drugs? he asked.
I was drugged.  Last night, Peter replied.
With what? Do you know? 
Clonazepam, Peter struggled.  Now that help was here he was able to let himself go and start relaxing.  This meant his adrenaline was dropping and with it his ability to keep fighting the pain and shock of what he had been through.
During his quick exam George noticed the two puncture wounds on Peters neck.  Those would be very hard to self-inflict, especially since they looked like bite marks.  He would mention this to the police, it was a clear sign that Peter had been attacked by someone, the question was where was that someone now?  The room was small enough that there was no way he was in the same room.  There would be a manhunt for Peters attacker and the fact that this guy was telling some level of truth made him feel more comfortable.  He had probably been attacked by a crazy who bit his neck and fled when he fought back, this had probably then precipitated a mental break in Peter.  
He heard Tomas knock on the door, he covered the barely conscious Peter with some supplies from his med bag and went to open the door and let Tomas in as quickly as possible.  The gurney filled most of the room and getting the barely conscious Peter onto it was difficult.  They would have to set an IV in the ambulance to get some fluids into this guy for the half hour ride to the hospital.
They covered him in blankets as best they could.  Trying to make sure that there was not potential for sunlight to get in.  Tomas could see the level of burning, and even if it was self-inflicted he didnt want to risk exposing it to the sun.  The monitors were telling them that this guy was on the edge of falling into a pretty deep unconsciousness.  They could not risk putting him under any more strain, even if it was just mental.
You ready? George asked as they had him bundled in and ready to leave the room.  They were both a little more on edge now that they had seen the scene, before it just seemed like they were going to be dealing with a crazy person in a room.  The oddness of the whole situation had made them reconsider this and now they felt a little more urgency.  Maybe the guy had been telling the truth.  The whole situation kind of stank of oddness, an attacker biting peoples necks, a guy becoming severely allergic to sunlight seemingly overnight.  They just wanted out of here. 
Yep, lets make a run down the alley, the doors are open on the back, Tomas said.
On a count of three they swung the door open and began running down the narrow alley.  They didnt hear any complaints from Peter but he could have dropped into unconsciousness by now.  The blankets seemed to be working with blocking the sun though.
Peter was engulfed in black when they covered his head with the blanket.  It was stuffy inside, but he also felt safe from the sun.  He felt them running down the alley.  He was strapped into the gurney so he was not worried about falling off.  The bumps of the rough pavement jarring him in a weirdly comfortable way, kind of like a massage.  The urge to sleep was starting to overtake him, he felt safe and comfortable.  Secure for the first time in hours.  He was even staring to let himself feel excited.  He was going to see Alice again, she would be waiting at the hospital.  This ordeal was coming to an end, he could begin his life.  Just one last bump on the road to his ultimate recovery.
They lifted him into the ambulance and secured him before closing the door.  He was alone in the back with George, Tomas had gone around to drive them. 
Okay, Im going to remove the blanket so I can begin treating these burns, if you feel any discomfort let me know, George said.
The blanket was slowly pulled back and although the ambulance was bright it was with artificial light.  Peter felt no burning or discomfort from it.  He enjoyed the sight of light that didnt hurt.  It felt like he had been locked in darkness for the last while and he was beginning to worry that his life would become that.  Constant darkness with no end.
Any pain? George asked.
Nothing new, Peter said.
Okay, there is not much I can do for the burns, but they look like they are all bad first degree burns, like really bad sunburns.  The second-degree burns look pretty contained and on your extremities so they pose little threat to your long-term health.  The reason youre in so much pain is just because of the amount of your skin that is burnt thats all.  In a few days most of the pain will have subsided, George said reassuringly.
 Good to know, Peter said.
George began inspecting his neck, where Jonathon had bit him.  
Do you know when your last tetanus shot was? George asked.
Couldnt tell you, Peter said.  For the past few years his health had been the last thing on his mind.  When youre drowning your liver in alcohol you tend not to worry or care too much about your health.  He was actually scared to see a doctor for fear of what they might tell him.  He didnt want to know how much damage he was doing to his body.
At the rehab center the doctor gave him his first full physical since he was a child.  They found in his blood work that if he had kept drinking the way he was he would have needed a new liver in three years.  His kidneys were also showing severe signs of damage, combined with the lack of physical exercise and eating like crap he was in horrible shape.  The rehab had served to help him along toward recovery but he had a life of exercise and healthy eating ahead of him. 
Okay, dont worry about that, they will give you a fresh one at the hospital, George said.  He was trying to keep Peter occupied so that he could not focus too much on the pain or on what he had just endured the past night.
Any other injuries or complaints? George asked as he continued his checking of Peter for signs of damage.
Just my fists, they are throbbing, Peter said.  Remembering the beating he had dished out on Jonathon left him feeling empty.
Yeah you did dome damage here, looks like maybe a broken knuckle or two, you might need stitches, George said.  He had purposely not brought up the state of Peters hands to try to keep him thinking of things other then what had happened the previous night.  There was also not a lot he could do other than bandage them.  The bleeding was not life threatening or anything.
You should see the other guy, Peter said.  Attempting humor.
I can imagine, George said.  Wanting to get away from the topic.  No need to aggravate an already unstable patient by reliving the fight of the night before.
George could find no other damage, besides the severe burns and fists there was not much else.  Except for that bite mark, the one that had coagulated and stopped bleeding.  They still might have to open it up at the hospital and clean it out, but other than that there was very little damage.
You mentioned he drugged you, do you feel any effects from that still? George asked.
Just pretty groggy, a little out of it I guess, Peter said.
Okay, they will check all that out at the hospital, make sure youre not at any long term risk.  Just dont worry about anything and try to relax now, George said.
He began hunting for a vein to put in an IV to help with any dehydration that Peter might be experiencing.  The IV was cold in his arm at first but he got used to it. Already he was feeling better.  George put an oxygen mask on him and the combination of fluids and oxygen was making him feel completely at ease with the situation he was escaping.  He was looking happily forward to the future, drifting on a cloud of comfort.  He was almost beginning to wonder if maybe George had drugged him he was starting to feel so good.
The ambulance flew along the nearly empty roads.
Peter was falling.  Falling through the air.  Feeling it burn his skin as it whipped past.  Tearing at his clothes, tearing at his hair, making it hard to open his eyes.  Rocking back and forth, encapsulated by the air.  Not unpleasant, but there was that nervous feeling of what would happen when he inevitably hit the ground.
The black of the night surrounded him as he continued his descent toward the ground.  Gravity was in charge now, and he relinquished his control to it.  It was calming to know that he was no longer responsible for what happened.  No one could blame a falling person for hitting the ground.  He didnt choose to fall, he was just falling.
There was nothing to see, the wind and darkness made that impossible.  The pain was fading, the anticipation of hitting the ground was fading.  He was at total peace with what was going on and what was going to happen.  Serenity is more than a word when you experience it during free fall.  It becomes a state of being, a state of utter existence.
Through the darkness there was some light.  Something in the distance.  Something coming closer to him.  Something coming to enclose his body in light.  He just knew this, knew it was coming to catch him and slow him.  Catch him and save him from this fall.  It was still distant, but that distance was closing rapidly as he continued his fall.  He could see the size of the ball of light coming his way it was getting larger and larger.  Filling his eyes, filling everything.  Becoming everything.
There was no way to know from where this light was coming from, it was so dark he could not tell were the ground was, or if there was a ground to fall into.  The light could be his inevitable end on hard earth.
The light filled him.  And it hurt.  It was burning, bringing pain to every cell of his body.  Draining him.  Taking what little life he had remaining.  He fought.  He was not done yet, still had some fight left in him.
He kicked it, swam out of it, tried to move himself in the air to escape something as ethereal as light, something intangible.  He fought it anyway.  Fighting when there is no chance of winning is still fighting.  Still trying.  Not ready to relinquish life just yet.
He could feel himself slowing.  He curled into a ball ready for the impact, the crush of pain as movement was stopped by solid object.  He could feel himself slowing, but not by much, and the pain of the light made him want to hit the earth hard enough to escape it.
He managed to open his eyes through the light and saw stained glass coming to meet him.  An image of Christ on the cross, he hit it and shattered it under his weight and stopped among the pews in a church.  The light was gone, the pain had left with it.  He was alone in this old building, dim with the lack of light.  A few lone candles scattered about provided just enough light to outline the massive size of this old place of worship.  Worship of pain, worship of penance, worship of deprivation all symbolized by the worship of a tool of torture.  He could feel some connection to Jesus now.  Knowing what torture must have felt like first hand.  Being tortured by the light.
The echoes of his footsteps followed him through the emptiness that was this large building.  Amazing what people will do in order to try and understand the enigma that is life.  Amazing the lengths people will go to in order to try and make death something less frightening.  He was no longer scared of death, having been so close to it.  Death would not be a release from his body that had turned against him.  His very skin had become something he needed to escape.  Needed to get away from, it was causing him so much pain. 
Reaching the alter where two small candles slowly burnt themselves toward oblivion he opened the large tome on it.  The pages were blank, even though the book looked like it was centuries old.  He did a quick turn of all the pages and could feel the age in the paper.  Could feel how it was well used, despite holding no writing.
Peter turned to the cross behind him and could see the outline of Christ on it.  Emaciated, bloody, and in pain.  The head of Christ turned from its slumped position on its side to look at him.
He came to a start in the ambulance. 
Welcome back, you passed out on me for a bit there, George said.  With all the monitors connected to Peter as well as the IV and no signs of severe physical trauma he was not worried about him passing out.  His heart was still beating properly, a little weak and rapid but that was most likely due to the drugs and the blood loss.
Sorry, having trouble staying awake, Peter said.
Dont worry about it man, youre still feeling the effects of last night, George said.
How far are we from the hospital, he brief rest had helped to wake him up a little more.  He knew it was probably related to the dream or the quick shot of adrenaline from jolting awake, but it was welcome no matter how brief it would be. 
Almost there, ten minutes maybe, George said.  He was still checking all the monitors, making sure that when they arrived Peter would be in good enough shape to deal with the hectic nature of the transfer into the care of doctors.
Thank you for this, Peter said.  Feeling grateful that everything was nearing an end.  Grateful that he would be seeing Alice again, grateful that he was going to be able to start his life again.  Start it the right way.
I have to warn you that you might be exposed to some sunlight at the hospital, there is no guarantee that everything will go smoothly, George said.
Thats okay, I can manage that, Peter said.  The good feelings of being safe again were giving him confidence that he could face anything.  He had already survived so much, he could survive a hospital.
The ambulance stopped.  They had arrived at his salvation, where medical science would be pushed to its limit to find a cure for him.  At least that was what he hoped would happen.
Okay Im going to cover you up with the blankets if you feel any discomfort dont hesitate to let whoever is with you know, George said.
Thank you again, Peter said, not knowing what else to say to the person who had pulled him from that hell.
Just doing my job, George pulled the blanket over Peters head and tucked it all around.  Making sure that no skin was exposed to the light, trying to block any possible inroads it could take.
Peter was ensconced in darkness. He felt safe in the dark now.  He was growing to fear the light, embracing darkness.  Becoming the opposite of what humanity had been for thousands of years.  Going from a being that instinctively feared the dark and the unknown to one that feared the pain of light and preferred the fear of darkness.
He was sure that there was a cure for him.  He trusted what medical science could do, he knew that the rest of his life would not have to be like this, that he was sure to recover and thrive.  The little nag in the back of his mind, that little kernel of thought saying something different.  Nagging him with the idea of what if?  What if he never recovered?  Or even worse, what if that craving he was having now was not him coming down from the drugs but rather the beginning of a craving for blood?  What if Jonathon was what he said he was?  Those little what ifs, sitting back there nagging at him.  He had pushed them away, but they were still there, and to his dismay they were becoming more and more insistent.  Growing as he moved closer to the salvation of the hospital.
You ready Peter? George asked.
As Ill ever be, Peter said.
He could hear the doors open and he braced himself for the pain of the light pouring though.  It didnt come, George had done a good job securing him against the light.  The gurney moved down off the ambulance and toward the automated doors of the hospital.  The blankets were kept on when they were inside and he could feel himself being moved about.  There were too many voices to keep track of who was saying what, especially since he could see nothing.  The thickness of the blankets was serving to block some of the sound out as well.
There was a new voice that was more distinct and closer to him than the others.  He could kind of tell that this was the doctor that he was being transferred to.  He was forming a mental picture of his situation in the absence of any visual input.
There was a flurry of activity surrounding the gurney he was on, nurses checking his monitors, doctors coming over out of curiosity, other patients scattered throughout the ER.  Other gurneys moving by carrying more critical people as those in charge of him and his case tried to decide where best to put him based on the report from George about his mental state as well as his physical state.  He imagined the reason they had not removed the blanket yet was because the sunlight was coming in from the glass doors that formed the entrance to the ER.  Along with those doors was probably also an abundance of windows as every hospital tried to increase the amount of sunlight that filled its corridors.  Something about more sunlight meaning more healing and a positive environment.  That also probably meant finding a room for him would be especially difficult.
Peter can you hear me? a voice asked.
Yes. I can hear fine, Peter said, finding himself a little irritated at the stupid question.  Of course he could hear.  The craving he was feeling was making him a little irritable.
Im Dr. Lawrence, Im going to be in charge of trying to figure this whole thing out okay, she said.
Is Alice here? he asked.
Your girlfriend right? Shes here we just have to find you a room and then she can come see you.  Right now we are still scrambling to find a place to get you settled where we can examine you and try to figure this whole thing out, she said.  She had been put on the case because she had psychiatric experience, she had switched to dermatology when she learned about the life changing research going on in that field.  It was not all just acne and scarring.  She was the most qualified doctor in the relatively small regional hospital for this particular case.  She also had a full time psychologist ready to give an evaluation once Peter was settled as well as a few other specialists to make sure everything was okay.  As it stood she was the head of the case unless it was determined to be something besides a skin ailment.
Okay good, whats taking so long? Peter asked.  They had been on the road for close to an hour, surly the hospital had enough time to prepare a room for him.
We didnt have any rooms without windows so we are blacking out some windows, its taking a little longer than expected, we didnt know how badly your skin was reacting to the sun, she said.  It also had something to do with them not believing the report until the call had come from the ambulance that there was actual burning on the skin concurrent with sever reacting to sunlight.
 Okay, just getting a little claustrophobic in here is all, Peter said.  He wanted to be able to see was the main problem.  He didnt mind anything else, except being deprived of his sight, which was a little scary and becoming annoying.  Not knowing what was going on around him, especially in such an active place as the one he was in.
He wanted to test his eyes as well, he was fairly certain that the sun had damaged them.  There was no real way to determine if he had gone blind when he was enclosed in the pitch black of the blanket.
He could hear a voice say something to his doctor away from him.  He would have been able to pick it up but the thickness of the blankets was disrupting his hearing.  It was also getting hot under them as well, and that was making the burns feel worse.
Okay your rooms ready Peter, lets go, they began wheeling him forward.  There was a brief trip that involved an elevator and a quick jaunt down a hallway but finally the blankets were removed.
He braced for any pain, not really believing that the room would be totally blocked of sunlight.  But there was no pain, for a country hospital they did a pretty good job.
He looked around, the artificial light from the hallway allowed him to see the single bed of the small room.  The window had blankets pinned and strung across it, he could not even tell if it was still daylight outside, and there was no indicator of external time.  Other than the bed and the television the room was empty, Alice would be there after they did their exam he guessed.
Any pain or discomfort? Dr. Lawrence asked.
No, feels fine, Peter said.  Other than the dull burning of the damage that had already been done there was no added pain.
Alright, can you stand up? she asked.
Should be able to, he crawled out of the gurney.  It was harder than he had anticipated even with the nurses helping him.  Every hand on his skin brought fresh blooms of pain to the surface.
His legs were shaky, but he managed to make it over to the bed and sat down on the edge.  Facing the three nurses and the other doctor beside Dr. Lawrence.  His own little army of help, here to decide if he was sane, here to try and figure out what was wrong with him.  To test him for diseases of the body and mind.  To try and begin the process of getting him back together.
Dr. Lawrence flicked on the room light, which was pretty dim for a hospital.
Is that okay? I had them take out most of the bulbs, she asked.
Yah, artificial light doesnt hurt, so far its only sun light that causes me any issues, Peter said.  He was hoping that this exam would go by quick, he wanted to see Alice and he wanted to sleep, he was in desperate need of a good rest.
Good, she signaled the others out of the room, now Im just going to ask a few questions and do some preliminary stuff then we can get on with the blood work and basic things we need to start treating you, she said.
Sounds good, Peter said, feeling more and more tired as time wore on.
Now I already have the report from everything you have already told the EMTs, just need to make sure that there has been no sever damage to the skin, then there will be a mental exam from the psychiatrist followed by some blood work as well as a tetanus shot just to be safe, also a rabies shot because when a human bites someone we have to cover a lot of bases.  It says that you have your hepatitis vaccinations? she asked.
I guess, I think I got them when I was a teenager, he said.  Trying to remember, there are so many boosters and vaccinations that he could never know what he was immune to and what he was not.
Good, the blood work is just to rule out any other illnesses that the bite could have given you as well as to pinpoint what you were drugged with for the sake of evidence, Im telling you all this so youre prepared for the next hour or so, its going to be filled with tests and other medical stuff, she said.
Lucky me, he really wanted to get this over with.  He also was a little concerned that every time she mentioned blood he would get a little pang of craving.  Much like when he thought of beer commercials or whisky ads, that little tiny craving for just a taste.  That craving that could only grow, it was probably just misplaced substance craving, he hoped.
Alright lets see these burns, do you mind stripping down? she asked.  The door was closed.
He took off his clothes gingerly, every little rub of the cloth on his skin felt like sandpaper.  He was down to his boxers and was wondering how far down he was supposed to strip, when she stopped him and began the exam.
Well you do have a lot of second degree burns, and probably the worst sunburn I have ever seen.  There is something wrong, no doubt about that, she said.  She was looking closely at every inch of his skin, focusing on the severe burns the most.
Now I can tell these were not self-inflicted, so dont worry about any one doubting you, she said trying to reassure him, knowing that when the world was doubting your sanity it was always nice to have a little validation that what you had gone through was in fact real.
Im going to have to run a lot of tests and blood work and the like to try and pin point what this is, probably best for me to just treat these burns the best I can than transport you to a larger facility for a more detailed examination.  I cant say Ive ever heard of this before, she said.  There was nothing in all her years of training that had mentioned this.  She had heard of sun allergies, but they were extremely rare and presented in childhood, often going away by the time the patient reached puberty.  There was nothing about the skin developing this severe a sensitivity to sunlight this rapidly.  She knew when something was beyond her expertise, and as much as she didnt want to give such an interesting case up she had to.
Okay, I figured this wouldnt be a simple fix, that would be too easy wouldnt it, Peter said.
Im really sorry, but dont worry Im sure there will be something that shows up, something that can move us toward getting this all fixed up, just cant do it here is all, she said.
Dont worry about it really, Im just glad to be in a hospital, I thought I was never going to get out of that town, he said.
Just got to keep positive, Im going to get the nurses to apply some good burn ointment to help you with the pain and speed up healing, and then tomorrow we will look at the logistics of getting you to a more specialized facility, she said.
Thanks, I appreciate it I really do, just a little on edge still, kind of a rough night, he attempted a joke.  She gave a little smile, he could tell that maybe dark humor surrounding his situation might be a little too much.  Considering the investigation was just starting and he suspected that a lot of bodies were going to turn up.
Oh yes, and Im really sorry for this, but before you can see Alice the police want to talk to you.  It will be after all the tests we have you lined up for and I dont think they will take long but they are banging down the door to get to you, youre their prime witness.  Im going to have the psych exam done last so you can have some time to collect yourself before they get to you, she said.
Thank you, I think Ill need it, he said.  He knew that they would never believe him and that if he told the truth he would be committed to a mental ward, lying was his only way out of this nightmare, the truth would have to remain with him because no one would ever believe it.  There would be a fruitless man hunt and the case would go unsolved but at least he could rest easy knowing that Jonathon was dead.  The families of the victims though, would never get any rest.  That was sad but maybe he could find a way to tell them that they would believe.  One day, he would have to try to convince the world that Jonathon was dead, just not today, today he needed to focus on getting himself help.
Well Ive done all I can do, Ill have the nurses do your blood work and check that wound on your neck, she said.
The nurses entered the room and seemed in awe of him almost.  He supposed it was due to the fact that he was such a unique case coming from such a unique situation.
They made idle conversation as they prepared the kit of vials and needles needed to draw blood.
What are the chances of me having contracted something serious from a bite like this? Peter asked.
Depends on what you consider serious, one of the nurses said.
Like something like AIDS? Peter said.
Well that would be rare, it is very difficult to transmit HIV through saliva, but still possible, thats part of the reason for the blood work, the other nurse was tying the tourniquet on his bicep to help them find a vein and assist in drawing the blood.
The needle hurt more than he had expected, probably because of the state of his damaged skin.  He watched the procedure, he had always done this, ever since he was a child.
He had been interested in medicine until he learned of all the work that it would require to become a doctor.  He was terrible at math and science so he had let his interest drop off as he grew older.  Still he could never help himself from watching whenever there was something being done to his body.  If he could be conscious for highly invasive surgery he would probably do it, just to see what was going on.  The most he had seen was when they had done a biopsy on a suspicious mole on his arm when he was a teenager.  Cancer at that age was rare but a possibility considering the time he spent in the sun.  He had watched the whole thing from start to finish.  It was odd watching someone dig a massive hole into your arm but not feeling it.  The mole came back negative and that was the most invasive thing he had ever had done that they let him remain awake for.
This was still interesting, he always enjoyed watching the blood spurt into the first vial.  It showed how much pressure it was under, how powerful the heart was.  This time he was watching for another reason as well.  He wanted to see what the effects would be on him.  If the sight of blood would make this odd craving stronger or not.  Like the sight of a cold beer would make him crave a drink.
The blood spurt into the glass vial.  He felt nothing, the craving was nothing, at least it was nothing related to blood.  This was good news, it had been getting worse since he had left that town.  This served to rule out the possibility of it being an actual craving for blood.  The blood work done he knew it was time for the mental evaluation.  The one he had to pass in order to be granted freedom any time soon.
The nurses left and he was alone waiting for the psychiatrist to come and declare him sane or not.  Some time alone was nice, he could let himself drift a little while he thought of a convincing story to explain the whole bursting into flames thing.
He lay back on the stiff hospital bed.  Morbid thoughts crossed his mind about how many people might have died on this bed, how many lives might have been ruined forever.  Bad news given, hearts stopping, people coping with newly amputated limbs or the idea that they would never walk again.  People dying alone and people dying surrounded by friends and family.  It was interesting to think about what hospital beds had seen.  People wished walls could talk, hospital beds would be far more interesting.
He had to stop the distracted thinking though, he had to focus on making up a way that Jonathon could have escaped.  Maybe something like him bursting into flames being a hallucination brought about by drugs, lack of sleep and blood loss.  He would try to present his story in a way that would be conducive to this view and allow for the doctor to jump to his own conclusions.
It was kind of difficult to think with the constant nagging of that craving in his head.  The craving that seemed to scream for blood, but he knew was something else.  He was starting to worry that it was something to do with the drugs he had been given, something re-awakening in his mind.  Or maybe it had to do with his new freedom.  The fear of relapse was looming darkly over his head.  He had to get to a sponsor as soon as they let him out of here.  He was really scared that he would relapse if he were given the chance.
The door opened again and another doctor walked in.  He assumed that this was the psychiatrist here to clear him as sane.  He sat up and looked over at the man who had entered the room.
Jonathon looked back at him, his face a mess of horrible burns.  Large fangs growing from his mouth, eyes milky white.  He let out a wheeze then lunged toward him.
Peter jumped awake.  There was a new person in the room, but it was just a doctor.  One he had not seen before.  He had fallen asleep, he hoped that this would not reflect poorly on his evaluation in any way.
Hi, sorry must have nodded off there, Peter said as he sat up.
No problem Mr. Lawson, the psychiatrist said.
 So what do we do now, Im really not feeling good but I know what I saw, Peter said.
Reality is something extremely malleable in a case like yours, it is something that bends and moves and shifts in minds.  Something impossible to pin down in the best of cases.  With you, you had just been assaulted after being drugged then according to you and the injuries on your hands, you brutally assaulted your attacker, tied him up and passed out.  That is where things start to get fuzzy so please elaborate, the doctor who had not given his name said.
Well you dont have everything exact but I guess those events that are backed by solid evidence dont matter, you want to know about what happened to the guy that attacked me, Peter said.  He had to play this right if he was going to be let out of here.  He had to tell the truth but make it look like he was a lot less lucid when he saw Jonathon burst into flames.  He had to paint it like it was a dream experience or something.
So yes, he was tied up, and yes I had beaten him quite horrifically, then I fell asleep, its really hard keeping awake when youre drugged like that.  I woke to him screaming, then something about him not being able to go into the sun which I didnt believe.  I forced him outside, I cant remember why, then he just caught on fire.  He started smoking then burst into flame, Peter said.  Trying to be a vague as possible.
Sounds believable to me, the doctor said.
Peter was baffled.  This guy was a nut case, he was throwing Peter off with his discussions of reality and his unquestioning belief in what he said.
So you believe me when I tell you that a guy just burst into flames in front of me because he was exposed to sunlight, this after he claimed he was a vampire and that he had turned me into one? Peter asked.
Whats not to believe, you seem sincere, you have nothing to gain from lying, I think that you really did see what you saw.  However what you saw was most likely not what actually happened in reality.  See in your reality he burst into flame, because that is what your brain tells you happened, that is what you brain has made you believe.  In reality people do not spontaneously burst into flame, so what probably happened was he regained consciousness, the knots you tied in your drugged state were not as tight as you thought, and he wiggled free and escaped.  Your brain could not accept this so you suffered a mild hallucinatory episode, nothing serious especially considering the mental state you would have been in at that time, the doctor seemed like he was talking more to himself then Peter, he was not even really looking at him.
So Im okay then? Peter asked.
Yes and no, yes because clearly there was no lasting mental damage, clearly youre still sane.  No because you clearly still believe that you saw what you saw.  Im here to tell you that what you saw was not real, you were hallucinating, you have to try to remember what actually happened, if you were awake when he escaped, or if he might have snuck out while you were passed out.  I doubt that would be the case, because if you were out cold and he had freed himself why would he let you live?  Therefore he must have escaped in a struggle between you and him.  We have to try to figure out what actually happened, the doctor said.
So what does that mean? Peter asked.  Now he was kind of doubting what he had seen.  There would be no way of knowing if it was the truth or not.  There had been no pile of ash reported by any of the responders that had arrived on the scene, otherwise he would be getting taken more seriously.
Well there is no way we can get to the bottom of this in a short period of time, it will probably take a lot of therapy.  The cops are going to be disappointed, but there is nothing I can do.  The most I can do is give you a referral for some post-traumatic stress therapy and hope that eventually through therapy you manage to figure out what really happened.  Not for anyone in the investigation but more for yourself, more so you can know and start working through your trauma, he said as he pulled out a notepad from his shirt pocket and began writing on it.
So then Im not going to be institutionalized? Peter asked with a laugh.
Of course not, that does not really happen anymore, its more of a Hollywood thing.  Nope just some PTSD therapy and they will decide what the best course of action is for your recovery, he said.
Well thank you, Peter said.  He was relieved, but also a little apprehensive, if what he had seen had not actually happened then what did happen.  He was starting to doubt his memory.  Memory is a slippery thing when one gave it too much thought.  Years of drinking and blacking out should have taught him this, now he was seeing it on a clinical side.
Ill let the police in now, youre not in trouble they just want a statement so dont worry.  Tell them everything you know, everything that you know for sure happened.  When it comes to the bursting into flame part just say youre not sure, thats all I can recommended.  Cops are not the most understanding people when it comes to things like this, he said as he handed Peter a slip of paper with a referral for further help when he got back in the city.
He left the room and the door had not even closed before two detectives walked in.  They asked him every little detail about what had happened and he tried to tell them as best as he could manage.
Well if you remember anything else please contact us, the lead detective handed him his card.
Thanks, oh, what about my car, Peter had just remembered his abandoned vehicle.
After we clear it for evidence it will be towed back here and you can grab it from the station, the detective said.
Cool, Peter could not think of anything else he had left in that town.  He wanted the name of the people whose phone he had used but the desire to be done with all this questioning was stronger.  He just wanted to see Alice.
Any more questions Greg? the other detective shook his head, okay then we will be off and remember to call if anything pops up, they left the room.
The anticipation at seeing Alice was becoming too much, he expected her to walk into the room as soon as the two cops had left.  When she didnt there was a little pang of sadness.  He knew that she was probably down the hall or something just as excited to see him as he was to see her.  He pushed the call button for a nurse after waiting for a minute.
One of the same nurses from earlier entered the room.
Everything okay Mr. Lawson? she asked.
Yes, I was just wondering if my girlfriend is here yet? he asked.
Oh yes, I didnt know that you were done everything, Ill send her right in, the nurse hurried off.
Peter, a little upset at the incompetence of hospital staff waited as patiently as he could.  He was feeling really irritable, and was trying to make himself cheery for when Alice got here.  He didnt want to seem upset, he wanted to seem perfectly happy and overjoyed to see her, but that annoying craving was still pressing in his mind.  Incessant in its demand.  He went through every substance he knew of that he could be craving and none of them seemed to fit what his brain was demanding.  Nothing until he thought of blood, which was what his brain seemed to jump at.  He really needed to sleep, he was defiantly still feeling the effects of being drugged.
Alice walked in the room and everything stopped for a brief second.  His internal babbling, his craving, his breathing.  Everything went on hold for a second as he saw the woman he loved standing there.  Saw her after being apart from her for so long, saw her with his future finally looking a little brighter, saw her after thinking he would never see her again.  
Hey, she said.  Time had formed a little chasm of awkwardness between them.  He could feel it, and she could too.  The fact that he was finally clean and sober had something to do with it as well, he was practically a new person.  There was also the issue of his being attacked in an abandoned town by a crazy person who thought he was a vampire.  He wondered how much the doctors and the cops had told her about his mental condition.  He hoped that she didnt think he was a total nut case now.
Hi, he said.  Painfully aware of the awkwardness.
The chasm was bridged and closed and removed entirely when she ran across the room and threw her arms around him.
I was so worried, Im so happy to see you, I love you so much, her words poured out in a jumble.  Distinguishable only because he was so focused on her, so attuned to her.  He abandoned himself to her, wrapping his arms around her and letting their bodies touch.  He was encompassed in her smell, in her warmth, her hair tickling his face, her breath filling his lungs.  He was in his own heaven in her arms.  He felt like he was home, finally safe.  The reality of his problems being over began to hit him and he felt alive.  A surge of joy filled his body, waking him up, giving him energy.  He felt happy again.
I missed you so much, he was beginning to tear up.  Beginning to cry from the sheer joy he felt at being reunited with Alice again.  At seeing her in person, hearing her voice from her mouth, instead of over telephone cables. 
I missed you too, she was crying more than he was.
They didnt break their embrace, letting the tears of being reunited wash over them.  Abandoning themselves to emotion, too overwhelmed to talk anyway.  This lasted until he caught sight of her neck.  Her skin white and unblemished, smooth, warm inviting.  He could see that vein just under the surface, could feel what it would be like to push through that skin with his teeth and that warm gush of blood that would enter his mouth.  To drink and drink and drink until he felt ready to vomit.  Stopping only when the pain in his stomach became too much.  
That was when he separated from her.  Trying to make it look as natural as possible.  Like he just wanted to see her face, not that he felt he had to get away from her throat before he tore it open.  Maybe he had really gone crazy, he hoped that this was something as simple as that.  There was no way he had actually become a living dead creature that feeds on blood.  His brain must have broken more than he had thought.  He would just get himself some help, like the psychologist had said.  He was just having some post-traumatic stress.  He could no longer trust his own brain, his own cravings and perceptions.
He tried to hide all this from Alice, his face tended to read like a book of his internal struggles when he was sober.  She still caught it though, a month apart and she could still read him like a cheap novel.
Whats wrong? she asked wiping tears from her cheeks.
Nothing, Im just a little overwhelmed right now is all, he said with his most winning smile.  He could tell she didnt believe him but was willing to let it slide because of what he had been through.
How are you feeling?  Are you really hurt?  Whats with the bandage on your neck? she asked.
Its nothing, nothing, I feel fine, just a little tired I had a long night.  What did they tell you? he asked.
Nothing really, just what they told me on the phone when we were talking.  What did that man do to you? she asked.
Well he drugged me, he was hesitant to add in the part about the vampire thing with the neck biting.  He didnt want to freak her out too much, it was a really creepy thing, and it would also worry her.  He was worried about what diseases he had contracted from that freak.
Then whats with your neck? she asked.
Well this guy was convinced he was a vampire, and wellhe tried to feed on me I guess, he said.  Trying to make something as weird and creepy as that sound normal was a little tough.
Oh my god, she looked completely shocked.  They just sat there staring at each other.  Her hands were covering her mouth as she looked at his neck.
I guess this whole vampire craze has gotten a little out of control, he joked trying to break the tension.
She let out a little laugh, a little smile, before she burst into tears.  The truth of the ordeal was too much for her to take, and when he really thought of it, it was too much for him to take as well.  The whole experience had been something totally surreal, totally abnormal, something entirely odd and wrong on many levels.  It had not really sunk in until now, until getting validated by the reaction of another person.  He could feel it in his gut, the panic, the fear and a little bit of joy at surviving.  But that was being overpowered by the fear.  The latent fear of what he had gone through.
She hugged him again, more comforting then before.  He was feeling off, not right, like reality was bending a little.  He was beginning to question everything that had happened, everything that he had been through.  Maybe it was all just some messed up dream or vision or hallucination.  He could not be sure now, it felt like shock was setting in.  He felt scared, scared that he was losing control, losing his mind.  He tried to refocus, to enjoy his reunion with Alice.  It was hard but he put on a smile, knowing that when its hard to smile sometimes forcing one can make things a little better.
Im okay baby, I made it out of there, he said.
I know, its just so, she trailed off, wrong, so weird.
It is.  It was, but its over now. Now I just have to heal up a little and everything will be normal again, he said.
What about the guy?  What happened to him? she asked.  The dreaded question because he didnt know the answer anymore.  He was not sure of his own perceptions on the subject, he could not be sure.  There was no way he was going to admit that the guy had burst into flames, that was something he was rapidly rejecting as a possibility.  He had to refocus and think.  Try to figure out what had actually happened.  For now though he would just have to admit that he didnt know.
Not sure, I think he escaped while I was sleeping or something.  I cant remember, its all pretty foggy, I was drugged, he said.
I know, do you think they will catch him? she asked.  He just wanted the question of what had happened to Jonathon to be left alone.  The most disturbing thing about the whole event was that he didnt know what had happened.  That was becoming the main reason for his fear.  He had been so sure of something, now he didnt know if he could trust his own mind.
Well he was pretty old and decrepit, so I dont think he will last long with all the cops that are going to be after him now, Peter said.
Thats good, I hope they get him soon so you can get some closure, Alice said.
I already have my closure, here with you, I could care less at this point.  Im just happy that Im here safe with the woman of my dreams, he said.  It was only a half lie.  He would feel a degree of closure if there was some body found, some evidence that this guy had actually run off, or even some evidence supporting that he had in fact burst into flames.  That was what would give him closure, being reaffirmed of his own sanity.
Good, cause we have a life to start now, she left the rest unsaid, that youre all better.  It was still hard for her to talk about the drugs and alcohol that he had abused for so many years.  It was something he would be ashamed of forever, that he had put her through all this.  That he had ignored her, never really been there with her when he was using.  It was hard to balance a relationship and an addiction, and he had failed at it.  It was a miracle that she was here even now.  She must see something in him that he didnt see, there must be some reason for her sticking around for so long.
Im starving baby, do you think you could manage to get me some food, we can talk better if Im not passing out from hunger, he hated to send her off but he really was starving.  Maybe that was the reason for the weird cravings for blood, some messed up connection to food.  
No problem, Ill be back as soon as I can, she said kissing him as she got up.
With Alice out of the room he instantly felt alone.  It was weird, he felt he needed her by his side now.  Now that he was beginning to question what was really real and what was not.  It was unnerving to be alone, inside his own head.
She came back to the room mercifully fast, or at least that was how it felt.  She had brought him some fast food from the cafeteria downstairs.
There was no line, she said, explaining her speed.
Thanks, Ill be able to think better without my blood sugar crashing, the sight of the burger had him almost drooling with anticipation.  He dug into his meal with something close to desperation.  Hoping that this would help remove that craving he was feeling.  Alice was watching him eat, he wanted to talk to her but after the first bite he could not really stop himself from ramming consecutive bites into his mouth.
I totally forgot how hungry you would have been, she said.
Sorry for eating like a pig, it feels like I havent had a meal in weeks, he said.
Dont apologize for being hungry, I should be the one apologizing for not feeding you earlier, she said with a laugh.
No, no.  So what have you been up lately? he asked.  He wanted to steer away from his recent ordeal, it was becoming hard to talk about, he wanted to save it for therapy.
Nothing much, nothing we havent talked about over the phone.  The last few days Ive gotten no work done, but other than that, she said.
Sorry for worrying you, he said feeling bad that he had added another problem to her life.
No need baby.  So whats with the sunlight thing I was told about? she asked.  An unknown.  The whole sunlight issue was something that provided some shred of credibility to the vampire claim.  It was a touch of concrete reality on a very hard to pin down situation.
Well they arent sure yet.  Basically any little bit of sunlight burns me like hell.  They will have to do a lot of tests and stuff, I have a feeling Im going to be in hospitals for a while still, he said.
That is weird, like an instant sunburn kind of thing? she asked. 
He wanted to leave it alone, wanted to talk about mundane life things.  Really wanted to just forget this entire episode in his life, but knew that there would be no forgetting, that forgetting would only make things worse.
Yah kind of, its hard to explain, Im sure it will figure itself out though, he said.
Yes it will baby, dont worry.  We will get through this together, we always have and we always will, she said.
I know, and knowing that I have you makes everything easier, he said.  Not wanting her to worry, wanting her to think that he thought everything was going to be alright.  He wished he could, wished everything felt alright.  That burn in the back of his mind wouldnt allow it though.  That thought wouldnt go away, no matter how much he pushed at it.  That one word throbbed back there, glowing neon.  Vampire.  He almost wished he had acquired some kind of mental illness, at least that was something real.  The stupid sensitivity to light was driving him crazy.  The fact that he had acquired it after being bitten by someone claiming to be a vampire.  He was having trouble, a lot of trouble.  Reality really was a slippery fish.
Good baby, because Im always here, she said.
I know, I know, he was starting to nod off, he had been feeling drowsy ever since he had finished inhaling that food.  It was sitting like a lump in his stomach, draining the blood from his head.  
If I sleep would you stay? he asked not wanting her to leave.
Of course, Ill stay until they kick me out, I found a cheap hotel room, she said.
Good, I think they are going to move me back to the city in the morning, so one night out here than one step closer to home.  Hopefully the city doctors can figure this out, he said.
Im sure they will baby, now get some rest Ill be here, she said.
Thank you, he said, wanting to add for always being there but he was drifting off too rapidly.  The bed was actually pretty comfortable for a hospital.  As he lost consciousness again he hoped that when he woke up he would feel better.  That the nagging in his head would be gone, that the craving that had started as a small itch and turned into something larger would be gone.  That the craving was just a result of lack of sleep and trauma.
These things consumed him as he drifted in a dreamscape filled with monsters and screams.  Filled with dark corners, and cloudy skies.  Memories of his past haunting him worse than any supernatural ghost ever could.
He was back around the dining room, a teenager again.  His father accusing him of stealing his pain medication.  He had done it but he was not going to admit that.  The rage he felt toward the man, he had stood up and let the anger take over for him, let it fill every cell of his body.  He had screamed, called him a plethora of names that he could no longer recall.  The look on his mother and brothers face as he regained himself from the rage.  Those looks haunted him, they would never leave him.  That was the day he began his downward spiral.  This was the conclusion he had made in group therapy, it didnt change anything.  Those looks still followed him to this day.  Their eyes, it was their eyes that haunted them.  The hurt, he had seen in them as they watched him, as they knew he was falling into a hole he would never be able to get out of.  Even being clean that hole of addiction, still there, still trying to pull him back in.  
His dreams were not comforting, his sleep restless.  The dreams did stop, as he fell into the black.
***
Confused, scared, eyes unable to focus.  He could feel swaying, he had felt like he was floating on a raft in the Caribbean.  Then he had come to, or at least partially so.  There was only so much consciousness he could obtain with the lack of blood.
She was one of the faces though, staring at him.  Still holding his hand, he could still feel her there.  Sounds in his ears, he knew they were voices, but he couldnt distinguish the words.  Falling in and out of reality.  Trying to claw his way to the surface of the world again.  Trying to escape the clutches of darkness.  There was not enough blood in his body to keep him at the surface.
The pain was gone, that was nice.  He felt warm, comfortable, resigned to his death.  Amazing how much the body and mind will fight against death until death is close, then they just work together to make it comfortable.  No one dies scared and in pain, there is always a little bit of respite offered before the end.  A little comfort.
But he didnt want the comfort, didnt want the end not yet, not until he was ready, and he was not ready yet.
He wanted the pain, wanted to escape the comfort, the pain let him know he was alive.  He was not going yet, not going for a long time.  He forced himself back, forced the pain to return, tried to focus on the world coming at him through his senses.  He willed himself back to reality.  Living was really just an act of will, once you stopped trying to live you were dead.  He was forcing himself to live, he was going to make it out of this.  Today was not his time to die.
He could hear the irregular beeping of the heart rate monitor, and focused on that trying to keep awake.  The steady beat of his own organ turned into a mechanical sound through electricity.  That beep meant he was alive, that he had not given in yet.  That metronome was his body fighting to live, he kept it up, not letting the comfort of death overtake him.  He would not go softly, would not give in.  
The ambulance did need to hurry up though, he knew that sheer will could only do so much.  This was made more apparent as he fell back into the black.  It was almost like drowning, he fought to pull himself up, but could not get a grip on the slippery surface of his mind.

Dreaming
There is nothing special in the red.  The clock is just a clock, he is just a drone in the system, not a lone survivor, not fighting in a wasteland.  He is a loner among his peers, unable to connect, unable to relate made even worse now because he cant talk about dreams like everyone else does.  They are always discussing the latest manufactured dreamscape.  He cant even engage in that conversation now, being totally disengaged from the system and having to pretend he was not.  Being an outsider is dangerous, at best it makes one harder to employ, at the worst it gets one jailed for subversive thoughts and actions.
The history of dreaming is pretty easy to learn about, and its also pretty easy to see the sinister influences on this history.  Still people ignore it, the dreams are too much fun, too perfect an entertainment.  
The idea was simple, some basic implants that are stuck to the users temples, they integrated with base implants no need for an upgrade.  That then gives the user access to a huge library of dreams, choose a playlist before you sleep and allow your unconscious mind to be taken on a fun adventure, or a sexy romp, or whatever one wanted.  No more bad dreams, no more boring dreams, no more down time from entertainment all for a small fee.
The idea spread and in the initial stages people bought into it, almost everyone had the system in their homes beside their beds.  It was perfect, never ending fun and distraction.  Even those that could barely afford to eat had the machines, they were much better at distracting from life then drugs or alcohol could ever be.  The drop in addiction rates was astonishing, no need to take substances to feel good and explore the mind, for a small fee one could enter a world of their own creation in their own head, and do it every night, waking and feeling rested the next day.  No hangover, no ill effects at all.  Almost like the perfect drug. 
It was the loss of civic engagement that came along with this that got those in power interested.  People stopped caring about the world around them, they worked so they could afford dreams and they lived to dream.  They lived to be entertained, they worked to afford entertainment.  While they were awake they paid for conscious entertainment and while they slept they paid for unconscious entertainment.  People stopped caring, life was lived for entertainment.  That was when the machines became mandatory, there was a little resistance but almost everyone had one already so the resistors were put down easily.  Its easy to stop people fighting against something when they are a vast minority of the population.
Peter knew all this, but still he had the machine.  He had always been a little critical of the corporations and the government but had kept that all to himself in order to get hired and afford to live on his own instead of a rooming house.  He knew he would have to sacrifice his beliefs in order to gain anything in this world, still he had remained an outsider.  He was always a reluctant participant in culture, this led to him just going with the motions.  Never really enjoying anything.
He had been making it by just fine though, but now he was no longer responding to the machine and his dreams had taken on a very real tone.  The other benefit of the dreamscape machine was that the dreams it produced were never uncomfortable, never had that level of realism that disturbed people.  The designers had realized early on that if the dreams were too real people would never leave them.  They began to have problems distinguishing reality from the dream, and this caused some unfortunate incidents.  It was fixed quickly, and perfected to where one knows they are dreaming, and knows what reality is.  
It had always been like this for Peter, his whole life had been spent dreaming in a controlled environment.  Now these realistic dreams had him very confused.  He knew what was going on but found himself thinking of what he dreamt of while he was awake.  Trying to analyze it, it was odd to think that his own brain was producing these images he saw in his head.
He had to get out of this internal process though, he was going to be late for work.  That would not look good as he had been faltering this past month.  If these dreams kept up he would find himself getting fired, and then it would be back to playing the job market.  He did not look forward to having to deal with that again.
The streets were crowded, they were always crowded.  The dome was overpopulated, especially in his area as those that could barely afford it were paying every last shred of income to live as far as they could from the walls.  The leaks were getting much worse, there were also talks of outsider incursions along the wall.  It was just rumor though, there were always rumors of freakish mutant creatures entering the wall at night and stealing children from those unfortunate enough to live close to it.
People passed him consumed by their screens.  Displays built into the corneas of everyone, done at birth they grew with you and if you could afford it you updated the hardware as you grew.  If you couldnt you would always be hampered by having the more outdated technology, which made advancement even harder, which made getting the money to upgrade harder, which kept the poor in poverty.  Peter saw this, he felt he was the only one who did.  The only one that cared that the system they lived in was horrifically unfair.  He had to keep these thoughts to himself, he did not want to be labeled a subversive.
The displays had the odd effect of making it look like people were looking at him when they were actually browsing through menus as they walked to wherever they were going.  Peter had a top of the line display, with the second best upgrades, but had stopped using it when the dreams had started.  Now he was beginning to notice how people looked.  It was disturbing being seen and unseen by those around you.  He felt invisible among the crowds.  Everyone was invisible to everyone else, but seeing it from the outside as an observer of the crowd, not a member of it, illustrated how odd it was.  
The train he got one rocketed him toward the massive tower that was his workplace.  Almost at the center point of the dome, he could not afford to live close enough to walk to work, but his commute was still shorter than some of his coworkers.  He had been lucky enough and worked hard enough in lower schooling to have been offered and education that gave him access to higher positions in the company.  He would have been promoted even higher had the dreams not killed his productivity. 
Not that he had ever really cared, he just wanted to get by in life.  He saw how sick the word had become, saw it compared to the world of the past.  He just wanted to get by without ruffling any feathers and by contributing as little as he could to the further ruin of the species.  So he was content with his position and his apartment and everything he had in his life.  Until recently he was happy with it all, now he was trying to think of ways to change it.
The dreams were doing this to him, and he knew this, but it didnt change how he felt.  Still he had to keep his head down, had to keep his job and in his spare time he could continue this little thought experiment about changing the world.
Standing room only on the train car he was in.  The seats had been removed on most of the new trains, more people could fit that way.  It was bad enough the price one had to pay in order to use the transit system and as the price went up the service seemed to get worse.  People didnt notice though, too absorbed in their screens, moving like animated corpses.  Get on the train, stand there until the stop is announced then get off and walk to work.  Work was logging into another screen and helping the computers along in their various tasks.
The economy was maintained by trade between domes, resources scoured from the outside by robotic and remote controlled workers.  The company that controlled the most mines and robots was often the most powerful.  Because of this there were often remote wars between rival domes and rival companies.  The companies controlled the governments of the domes and when their interests were threatened they got the government to fund a war and launched robotic attacks against other robotic armies.  The cost was covered by the people of the domes and their taxes the companies being the only ones that profited.  It was perfect system for those on top.  
Wars only raged outside the domes, it was considered a war crime to attack another dome directly as that would kill millions of civilians.  One rocket through the outer dome and the entire city under it would be contaminated.  Because of this there was an elaborate defense system around each dome, along with the fact that the counter attack would be nuclear to wipe out the opposing dome, there was a mutual understanding.  The wars for resources raged in the wastes, mines were protected by robot armies and the economy relied on constant consumption fueled by constant resource gathering.
Peter saw this and knew that soon it would collapse, the cracks were already becoming more and more visible.  Resources were drying up, the government could hardly afford to keep up the military force necessary to keep the front lines guarded.  Alliances were crumbling under the strain of sharing limited resources.  The people were being pushed to the limit of sacrifice, but they didnt care.  As long as they could afford new dreams and new entertainment they were content.  Work was only something done to support the system of consumption.  People didnt care about their jobs, they were only there because they had no choice.  With no desire to change anything, apathy was bringing about the collapse.
Peter wanted to think he was not like that, but deep down he knew he was.  He just wanted to be left alone to pursue his life the way he wanted.  He didnt want to stir up trouble.  Even though he saw how damaged and corrupt everything was, even though the distractions no longer worked on him, even though he could see it all about to come crashing down, he did nothing.  It was not fear, it was lack of faith.  Faith in his fellow people, he knew no one would see what he saw.  So he kept his head down and went about his day.
The train came to its abrupt stop, he was now in the belly of his building.  Time to spend eight hours plugging away at his console.
The elevator brought him up to his floor and he stepped into the blue lit room.  There was no natural sunlight anymore, the sky clouded over as a result of the wars years ago.  So now every building had these artificial windows that were lit with an artificial sunlight.  The windows in office buildings were often the best, some even had animations of nature scenes and peaceful imagery.  It was designed to make work less depressing and improve productivity, everything was designed to improve productivity.  How much more could it be improved he often wondered.  Was there a cap to human production?
He sat at his desk, sparse and empty.  There was no need for clutter, no point as people often moved desks.  It really didnt matter where one sat, the only difference being proximity to the bathroom and the food room.  Still he liked where he was and would often come early to make sure he could sit here.  He thought of it as his desk.
A floating metal ball came by as he sat down and it dispensed an energy solution into a cup that rose out of the desk.  He used to think nothing of this, it was just something that was drunk while one worked.  Since he had started having real dreams though, since he had begun unplugging himself from the constant stream of information and entertainment, he had begun to question this practice.
There was the issue of what the liquid contained.  It certainly woke one up and made him able to focus for hours on end.  It also squashed ones appetite, he was able to be content with just a small amount of food during the day.  So he had decided to do some research on it, and from everything he could find it was a mix of caffeine and amphetamines.  In a nice tasty juice infused with sugars and carbohydrates, the perfect blend of natural and synthetic energy.  The problem was it was highly addictive, and he had trouble not drinking it every day when it was right in front of him.  He had weaned himself down to about a quarter cup though, soon he would be off it completely.  The long term effects of consuming the stuff were not pleasant, people didnt live very long anymore.  All this information existed on the web, one just had to look for it.  The problem was that no one cared enough to actually do that.
He dumped the remainder of his beverage in the toilet as he went for his morning bathroom break.  There was no real reason to be sneaky about it, no one paid any real attention to anyone.  There were friends, people did still interact in person, but no one really observed each other anymore.  That was good news in some ways, as it allowed for things that would raise questions to be done easily.  Still one could never be too careful.  Getting singled out as too different often led to loss of promotion and even job loss, which was tantamount to a death sentence with no safety net to catch the unemployed.
He sat back down at his desk and was about to get to work on compiling data from one of the servers when he saw her.  The face of the girl from his dream.
Alice, in the dream her face was covered in a gas mask, but he remembered it from before.  From prior to the attacks, when people could still breathe the air.  It was her, her blonde hair, her pale skin.  It was Alice, here, he had never seen her here before.
She walked up to his desk and leaned over.
Peter, its here, she whispered in his ear. 
Before he could say anything she had walked off.  Calling after her would look odd and he didnt need any more people claiming he was odd.  There were enough strikes on his record as it stood.
So he just sat there, and stared at his screen.  Things were starting to no longer make sense, maybe he needed that energy liquid after all.  He had not been sleeping well, coming into work this tired was probably not a good idea.  Especially when he was trying to maintain a semblance of normalcy.
It was hard to get started, he was feeling depressed, he was feeling anxious, panicky, confused.  Like nothing was connecting in his head anymore.  To top it all off he was tired and looking at the meaningless work set out before him did nothing to inspire him.  His brain was fried, he just wanted to go home, to think to try and figure what was going on here.
The other problem with going off the company provided energy liquid, boost as it was called, was that he often found himself very hungry during the day.  Where before he could work for hours straight with no break.  He now found himself getting distracted by the thought of food.  He had thought he was going to lose his appetite as his sleep dwindled and was filled with horrific dreams, but instead it had only gotten stronger.  It was like his body was protesting years of under feeding.
With the death of the sky, the permanent winter of global temperatures and the rising cost of finding and purifying water, the cost of food had gone up.  Meat had gone from a staple food to a rare luxury as raising an animal to eat was prohibitively expensive.  Chicken was within range of the higher ups in the middle classes as it was manageable to raise.  It was something people often rewarded themselves with at a nice restaurant after some meaningful event.
Beef had become a food that was nearly unattainable as the cost of raising cattle was astronomical, even in the necessary factory setting.  All animals were clones now as no livestock survived the war.
Even now, with the conflict almost two centuries in the past, the outside had not recovered.  So breeding animals was not economical as the space to raise them was so limited.  It made more sense to just clone them and send the clones to factories to be fed and raised.  Since meat was now a luxury the animals often were treated much better than they had been in the past.  When the cost of premature death was so high it acted as an incentive to try to keep them happy and healthy until slaughter time.
The staple foods for most people were genetically engineered plants, and grains.  Designed to be grown under artificial light and yield huge returns.  This still required a lot of work and a lot of energy for the lights and water, thus the cost of food was one of the largest costs in peoples budgets.
That was why having something that suppressed the appetite to the point where dinner was the only meal that had to be any substantial size was desirable.  People had to supplement with synthetic vitamins in order to keep themselves from malnourishment but it was a cost most gladly paid in order to reduce the food budget.  
Peter having regained his appetite was in a difficult spot, because he could not afford to satiate it.  He wanted to go back on the amphetamines if only so he wouldnt be so damn hungry all the time.  He didnt like how dull they made him feel, he didnt like the health risk and the side effects of long term use, so he was going to tough it out.  He was also beginning to suspect that there were more than just the ingredients he had learned of in the drinks his company dispensed for free throughout the day.  There were rumors of things like lithium to reduce aggression, antidepressants to make people happy as happy people were productive people.  The list went on and on.  The drinks were dispensed by the roving bot so that removed chance of overdose or people getting too high on it.  It also meant that as needed the bot could dispense more drinks throughout the day.  When he had first started there was just his morning boost, but now there was a lunchtime one as well as one before he was to go home.
That all required frequent trips to the bathroom to dump the drinks.  He hoped that the surveillance systems were not picking up anything unusual about this.  Despite all those problems with the drink, he was really regretting not taking it today as he was finding it really difficult to force himself to work.
The screen was just nonsense, something he really did not want to look at.  And he still had six hours left of this.  He would just have to force himself through it and hope that the woman who looked like Alice didnt come back.  He was beginning to question the reality of that event even happening so it was becoming easier to accept.  It was most likely just something from his dream still hanging on.
By the time the bot had come by with the noon dose of boost Peter was ravenous.  He was tempted to just drink it and deal with the consequences, just to get rid of his hunger.  Instead he decided to go the kitchen and buy a horrendously expensive sandwich from the vending machine.  
It was just a few tomatoes on bread with a single leaf of lettuce and some vegemite to add a little flavor.  It was hardly enough to make his hunger go away entirely but it did serve to quiet it down a little.  He wanted another one, even though it tasted horrible, but had to stop himself.  If he was going to be able to afford dinner he had to be happy with just the simple lunch.
Back at his desk the reality of the amount of work he had got done so far today faced him.  He was very far behind schedule, and if he didnt want to work late he would have to find a way to catch up in the next few hours.  He had fallen behind like this for almost a week now and knew that it was probably showing on the radar of those in charge of him.  He was still getting everything done, but it was taking him progressively longer and longer to do it.  This was a sign that he was not too far from falling behind and that made him a weak link.  Weak links were often the first to go if the company decided to downsize.
 The afternoon and early evening were a blur.  He worked constantly, almost desperately.  Trying to distract his mind from all the thoughts, ideas, issues, questions whirling around in there.  It worked and had the added benefit of keeping him focused enough to catch up on everything and he only had to stay a few hours late.
As he was getting up from his console he saw her again.  Alice, down at the end of the large room in which all the consoles were arranged.  She beckoned for him to come over, and for a minute he debated just walking the other way.  He found himself turning toward her, walking down the hall between consoles to meet her at the end.  It was time to start facing these things head on.  If he was going to make a change it was time to take a little risk in it.  Even if that risk was his own sanity, his own connection to reality, his own ability to separate dreams from that reality.  
The problem was that he felt he had a full history in both versions of reality, the one where he was sleeping and the one where he was awake.  He didnt know what proper dreams were supposed to feel like but he imagined that they were fairly simple to separate from reality.  He imagined that they didnt feel like an entirely separate world, he also assumed that they didnt bleed into waking life very often.
He needed answers, and she seemed to know where to get them.  She seemed to know what was real and what was not, or at least to know what he was going through.  When he got close to her she smiled and went around the corner.  He was still debating following but in the end decided to just go with it, whatever this was hopefully it would bring answers.  He trusted her because she was his friend and comrade in the dreams.
She was at the elevator, holding the door open for him.  There was no one else in the elevator and the office itself felt abnormally empty.  He had worked this late before but the office had never felt like this, there were always people milling about.  Most of them with no reason to go home, not much to do in the way of public interaction and the non-screen based entertainment too expensive.  So people would just hang out at the office often, it was a nicer space then most homes with the artificial sun and all.
So what is this, he started but she shushed him.
She just smiled and pushed the button for the ground floor, the one below the floor on which the subway stopped.  She was going to be taking him somewhere on foot.
Even though she had shushed him he wanted to ask a question, to say something, anything.  This whole situation was killing him, he needed to know what was going on.  He would just have to wait it out until she said something, he knew he would get nowhere asking her.
The elevator was quick and didnt make any stops on the way down.  Hopefully they would get to where ever she was taking him and they could talk and he could work on figuring this out.  Or at least know what she was all about.
They went out the door and walked along the lower streets.  The lighting down here was not as good as that of the upper streets and it added to the dingy feeling.  These streets were used more for transporting goods than anything else, the transit streets being higher.  Still there was no poverty even down here, the dome worked a lot like a dart board, with the center being the smallest and richest section and as one moved progressively outward the poverty got worse and worse.  Going lower and lower on the streets meant nothing, the only difference being that they were not as well maintained as the upper streets because they were used less.
Alice walked with a brisk pace and led him down twists and turns in between buildings and down streets.  He was totally lost at this point, he would have to go to the upper levels to be back on familiar ground.  There were plenty of stairs leading up to the higher streets so he was not concerned about being lost.
They found a set of stairs leading down to an even lower street.  There were only a few more levels until they reached the ground barrier.  The dome blocked contact from the actual ground as it was contaminated.  Instead a massive foundation was built and then encased in the protective shielding that made the rest of the dome.  Over the years garbage and debris had built up on this lowest level, blown down from the upper ones.  This debris formed a kind of artificial dirt that was many feet deep and very loose.  Thus access to this ground level was restricted as one could fall into a loose patch and suffocate under years of garbage.  There was talk of cleaning it but no one had the money to do it and as far as anyone could tell it really wasnt hurting anyone as long as people stayed away.
Of course people dont often listen and Peter suspected that some of the debris making up that dirt consisted of bodies of people curious enough to check it out.  Then again there were not that many curious people left, the constant connection to technology had dulled a lot of peoples sense of adventure.  It had also removed a lot of reasons for murder, so maybe there were not a lot of bodies down there after all.  Although, if he ever had to hide a body the lower level would be where he did it.
The stairways were becoming less frequent the lower they got.  Peters feet were starting to ache and still Alice would tell him nothing of what was going on.  She was not talking at all and this was starting to become annoying as he began to realize where they were going.
Based on the signs he had seen and the general direction they were heading she was leading him to the lowest part of the dome.  The bottom level along the outer rim.  There was no way they could make it to that section in any short period of time, he knew the distances were massive.  Still they kept walking that way, and he was getting progressively more agitated.
They were now on the lowest level accessible to civilians.  All the paths to the base level were blocked off with locked grates.  The locks would be impossible to circumvent without some serious hardware.  So maybe this was where they would stop, but still Alice kept walking.  They kept heading away from the center of the dome.
Look, Im going to stop unless you say something, this is ridiculous, he said.
We have twenty more minutes of walking then we can talk.  If you last that long everything will be explained, she said.
Fine, he said.  He hoped it didnt sound too insolent.  He was tired, he was hungry and he was following some woman from a dream to some crazy place.  Still knowing that there was an end in sight made him feel a little better. 
She stopped at one of the locked grates.  He could see inside it, the ladder leading down into nothing below.  A stale, earthy smell was wafting out on a slight breeze.  She leaned down and tapped on the lock which popped open.
Follow me, she said climbing down, and close the gate behind you.
Peter was astounded.  They were actually going down to the mess of the lowest level of the dome.  He had made it this far, but this was doing nothing for his sense of reality.  He was not used to change like this, to taking risks like this and it made him nervous.
Still he followed, he had to know, had to try to make some sense of what the hell was going on.  The ladder was dirty, the gate slammed shut even though he tried to close it quietly.  Not like it mattered, there was no one on this level, just the foundations of the buildings.
As he descended down he realized that it was much longer down then he had anticipated.  If felt like he had been climbing down for ten minutes by the time he touched the bottom.  His arms ached, his hands hurt and his feet were killing him, like most people in his position his body was not used to exercise.
There was no real light down here, just the little bit filtering down from above along with the all the other bits from the other entrances in the distance.
He looked around and Alice was nowhere.  He couldnt see her.  He started panicking, had she just been a freak who liked to lead people to their deaths down here.  Maybe there were more bodies down here then he thought.  He was starting to climb back up the ladder, too scared to even call out her name, not wanting to confirm the conclusion he had jumped to, when he heard her call his name.
He stopped and looked back.
Just stay there man, trying to get this stupid thing to work, she said.
O-okay, just a little nervous, he said.  She didnt reply, but he could hear her muttering to herself and swearing at something.
There was a burst of light followed by a triumphant Ah ha from Alice.
Okay all fixed, now follow me just a little more, she said.
Peter didnt object.  The light illuminated the little section of the massive room they were in.  Besides the numerous support columns for the world above there was nothing breaking the view.  If this place was lit it would look astounding, even in the light from artificial sun Alice was carrying was enough to make Peter speechless.
She dimmed the light and he caught up to her.  
Stay close now, dont want to take a fall into that, she said.
Peter looked down and realized that the floor they were standing on was made of planks of metal sheeting and plastic.  Everything off to either side was accumulated garbage from the upper world.  It was moving and shifting in the air currents, which betrayed how loosely packed it was, one misstep and he would probably end up submerged in it.
How deep does this go? he asked.
Dont know, just know that its deep as hell Alice said.
They began walking along the thin boards of random material that served to distribute their weight and keep them from falling through the mess.  In the light Peter could see where the makeshift path led, another ladder and shaft of dim light from above.
They reached the landing at the ladder and Alice turned to him.
Okay, let me tell you a little bit before we head up there.  There will be two other guys in the room, dont be scared theyre cool.  Next, we are not some terrorist organization or anything so dont get that idea in your head and lastly the room itself is kind of weird.  It has no door or anything, the only way in and out it through here, so dont let that disturb you or anything.  We are not planning on hurting you so dont worry, she said and before he could reply she started up the ladder.
This was really the point of no return for Peter.   By going up that ladder he accepted whatever these people wanted, and if he didnt he was sure they wouldnt just let him leave.  On the other hand he had been starting to think and plan differently from what was touted as the norm.  Maybe this adventure would prove to be the start of something he could do to actively resist.  He was at a point of decision, a point that felt like it could determine his future.
One part of him wanted to go back, but he realized that that was not really an option as he didnt have any source of light and he was not risking walking back along those planks without one.  Effectively his decision had been made for him.  So he climbed the ladder.  He almost wished there had been a choice, so he could know that he was doing this of his own free will.  The climb up was easier then climbing down, even though it was just as long.  Its always easier climbing a ladder then descending one.  He could hear Alice above him, he was still bathed in the glow from the light she carried, which guided him up the ladder.
He lost sight of Alice as she entered the room above, he did see a set of arms reach out to help her in, so there was at least one other person up there.  He was blindly trusting Alice on all this and all because he had seen her in a dream.  Still he was skeptical.  He just wanted everything out in the open.
He emerged from the floor in a dimly lit cement room.  It was a tiny square with just the grate in the center of the floor.  It was probably some access point to check on the integrity of structure foundations.  Or an old and forgotten storage room for maintenance staff before they were replaced by bots.  
Two men stood to either side of the hole and offered him a hand climbing in.  Once he was standing and had recovered from the climb he realized that these two men were John and Tomas.  All three of the people from his dream, he could feel his mind slipping.  It was almost too much to handle, Alice existing in reality was one thing, all of them existing here was too much.  He began to black out before he caught himself.  It was clutching to the panic of losing his mind that helped keep him from going dark.  He did collapse to the ground and was promptly assisted to the wall to lean against.
He could hear them asking questions, asking him if he was okay but he couldnt reply.  He needed to catch his breath and figure this out.  He stared at the floor, too scared to look at their faces, he felt sick every time he did.  
It had been so long since he had seen them all without their masks on, he almost didnt recognize them.  Tomas with his dark hair and bright blue eyes, John with the gritty disheveled face, his hair too grey for his age, and Alice with that beauty that came from an indomitable inner strength, her eyes large and brown with a ring of gold surrounding them.  He wanted to cry, knowing they were all here, they were all safe, they could all breath with their masks off. 
But no, that was the dream, he had never met these people before.  At least not here, not outside of his own head.  How had they crossed from his imagination into reality?  Was the dreaming driving him totally insane?  Were these people just hallucination from his deranged mind?
When he had recovered enough to speak he stopped himself asking the question he wanted to ask are we all sharing the same dream and instead asked,
Who are you? addressing it to the whole group.
Well if youre feeling better, Tomas said, Im Tomas, this is John and youve already met Alice, he pointed to everyone.
Hi Im Peter, he said.
Nice to meet you, did the climb get to you? You had us scared there, John asked.
Yeah, havent eaten in a while, Peter said.
Well this shouldnt take too long then we can all grab some food, just had to meet somewhere where we could talk freely, without having to worry about the surveillance, Alice said.
Look, this might seem like a weird question, but have I met you guys before? Maybe somewhere totally different? Peter didnt want to add the part about that place being in a dream.  He knew that would make him look totally unhinged.
Dont think so, Alice works with you but besides that, Tomas said, John nodded in agreement.
Okay, you guys just look familiar thats all, Peter said.  He didnt know how to feel.  They were clearly telling the truth, dreams did not connect to reality.  He was probably projecting his dream onto these people.  He could still not shake the feeling though, he still felt like he knew them, like he had fought a long a bloody war with them and was currently eking out a meager survival in the wasteland that was once earth.
Well maybe we passed in the street or something, John suggested.
Maybe, so whats with all this, sorry Im just totally out of my element here, Peter asked.
Right, I guess a formal explanation is required.  Alice you want to have the honors? John motioned to her.
Sure.  At the most basic we are people who have stopped consuming dreams, we are natural dreamers.  However this is not all we do, we are preservers and studiers of information and knowledge, we hunt down old information that is not on the net and keep it safe.  This information is often less then legal as it provides strong evidence of some pretty serious issues and truths that have been buried.  We are a group of non-consumers fighting to keep information from disappearing under the constant onslaught of infotainment that is spewed from the government and corps.  We are not trying to change the world, just hopefully wake some people up to the truths surrounding the lives they are living.  We are trying to unplug people from the constant comfort offered by being plugged in every hour of their lives, she said.
Okay, but why am I here? he asked.
Well Ive been watching you since we started working together, I could tell you had unplugged from dreaming by the way you started acting and working.  Even before that I could see that you were different, something about the way you looked at things, the way you acted, she said.
Is it really that obvious? Peter was worried about his job and keeping it.  He needed some source of income to keep himself from ending up on the fringes of the dome.
Yes, but only to someone else who has been out for a while, so dont worry.  We help each other blend in, you could use a little more training in that area but dont worry you are pretty good at it so far, she said.
Good, I guess, so what now then, Peter was confused as to the whole point of this.  What was he going to do?  What could he bring to the table, and why were there only three of them?
Well we keep you out.  Its hard to stay out, its so tempting to enter back into the comfort of the entertainment, the comfort of the produced dreams.  We teach you how to help in our main goal, the preservation of real information, knowledge, and truth, John said.
Okay, what if I dont want to? Peter asked.
Then youre free to go, but if you tell anyone about us we will rat you out as well.  It would be easy to just say that you have been a part of this since the start, the government will arrest you as well, they dont really care about evidence when they feel there is a threat to their power, Tomas said.
I wasnt saying I was going to back out, just curious, Peter said.  He liked the idea that he was not alone in his disconnection from the world.  Even if they were only a group of four it was still nice to have a connection to other people in the same place he was.  There was also that feeling of trust, that feeling of having known these people forever, having fought with them.  Even if he had just met them.
Dont worry about all that though.  This is just an introduction, John said.
Yep, we meet here once a month for the purpose of sharing sensitive things we dont want to risk being caught by the surveillance tapes.  We also bring potential recruits here, even though there are very few of those, youre the first actually, Alice said.
Well good for me then? Peter asked.
Yes very good, welcome to the club John said with a smile.
Yes welcome, Tomas said.
They all shook hands with big smiles on their faces.
So is there like a training thing on how to gather what you guys are looking for? Peter asked.  Now that he was here there was the question of what he should be doing.
Well we suspect you already know how to do that, you have stopped drinking your boost which means either you are the one person in the dome who doesnt like it or you have figured out whats in it, Alice said.
Yeah it just took some digging, Peter said.
Exactly, you have the curiosity and tenacity, the only thing you have to do now is save the information you find.  Anything that could be construed negatively is often taken down after someone accesses it so we have to save it.  It was impossible to scrub the whole net, so now users are tracked and when they locate things that the government deems dangerous it is promptly removed.  Theres a lot on the net but once accessed it is gone forever, scrubbed by the info bots in the system, John said.
But what about being tracked?  If I keep actively searching for this stuff its only a matter of time before the bots bring it to human attention. Peter asked.
There is that risk, that is why we are giving you this, John handed him a memory card, It has browsing software on there that can help disguise your identity, its also large enough to store all the information you find, John said.
Every month we meet here and share what we found, Tomas said, than we discuss it and try to learn from it, try to think of ways to share it with the wider public.
That card has a password and encryption on it so if you happen to lose it no one should be able to access whats on it, Alice said, but try not to lose it.
Will do, Peter said examining the small hunk of plastic that housed the memory chip.
There is another form of information gathering we do that is a little more involved, a little riskier and a lot more work.  It is totally worth it though, Tomas said.
What would that be? Peter asked, a little worried he still wasnt sure how much risk he was willing to take for this group.  When he thought about it logically he had just met them, no matter how he felt about it, the truth was they were strangers to him and he was a stranger to them.  If something went wrong what was to stop them from throwing him under the bus to save their own asses.
Finding and keeping books, Tomas said.  Peter could hear the reverence in his voice for the ancient media forms.  Peter was one of the few people that even knew what a book looked like.  They had disappeared after the domes were constructed.  Some printers still made them for a few years, struggling on the meager sales to the generation born outside the dome.  After those people died off so did the printers, no one wanted stories in bulky paper formats, which required time in isolation and quiet.  No one wanted things that meant carrying something large and heavy around and having to find somewhere physical to store it.  That combined with the high price of paper led to books becoming as expensive as rent, they just died off.  Even when the paper prices went down as printers switched to hemp based paper, growing trees in the domes was too costly, people still refused to buy them.  They werent needed when there were so many other options around, when there were the dreams.  Now even talking about books would get you odd stares as no one knew what they were, let alone owned one.  That would have one labeled as extremely odd and lead to some investigation by the authorities. 
Peter was a little against this avenue of resistance but he was curious, he had always wanted to see what a book was really like.  He felt that they were somewhat necessary but didnt know why, probably due to the permanence of information and entertainment in physical form, unchangeable.  Once information is in a book and that book is owned by someone the information in that particular book can never be altered or changed, that drew Peter into the idea of books.  Still the risk seemed like a little too much.
How would one go about that? Peter asked.
Well its not easy, that much I can say, other than that it involves keeping your ear to the ground, listening for people talking about some weird thing they found in someones attic that kind of stuff.  The best part is that when people find books they usually just throw them out so if you camp out their garbage you can often grab it after they throw it away.  Other than that just explore the outer town, its the oldest part of the dome and sometimes the houses there have existed from when the dome was built.  Just ask around out there, people will still look at you funny but they have no real power to bring you into question and youll probably never see them again.  Its risky but entirely worth it, Tomas said.
Where would I keep them after I found them though?  I dont have a whole lot of room in my apartment and I dont want to risk anyone seeing that I own one, Peter said.
Thats why we have a little library down here, John said with a smile.
Can I see it, even the possibility of seeing a real book had got Peter excited.  He was nervous about the prospect of actually acquiring one himself but seeing one without having to take any risk, which would be perfect.
No, we cant just let anyone into the library, Tomas said.
Peters heart sank.
The cost of admission is submitting one book to the collection, Alice said.
We just have to make sure youre serious before we let you in, if the location of out library was disclosed to the authorities well Im sure you understand, John said.
I get it, dont worry, Peter now had a little more motivation to find a book.  A little more drive to work on this project.  Finding data online was one thing, finding real solid artifacts from the past was a little more exciting.  The worry about the risk he would be taking was wearing off now that he realized that these people were serious.  The fact that he knew they had books was enough, they wouldnt tell that to a guy they were planning on using as a scapegoat. 
Good, so now that all that introduction work is done we can get to sharing what we have found this past month then head to the surface for some drinks, John said.
I found a bunch of good stuff, something about the food supply and how its kept in a constant state of low production to raise the prices, Tomas said.
Yeah I got something about failed movements of the past, as well as a lot of info on police activity in the outer sectors, Alice said.
Good job guys I didnt get much, work has been killing me, not a lot of free time.  I did get something about a resistance similar to ours a few years ago though.  That was interesting, John said.
Cant wait to see that one, Alice said, sounding more worried than excited.
Well lets get this over with Im freezing, Tomas said.
John pulled a small black box from his pocket and they all held their cards up to it.
Come on Peter you too, you get to read everything we found for free, John said with a smile.
Peter held his card to the box, amazed at how fast the info sharing session had gone.  It was an auto-sync, something that allowed for the sharing of media.  It would look at what was on your card and add everything you didnt already have as well as copying everything you had to share among the other media cards.  It was designed to make the distribution of hard copy media easier but had gone out of fashion as sharing over the net was a lot easier and didnt involve physical proximity.
All done, lets get out of here, John said as everyone pocketed their memory cards.  The trip back was a little more treacherous with four people and only one source of light even one as bright as the artificial sun.
We have to make this a little more permanent if we are going to be recruiting more members, John said.
Well its not like theres a rush to join or anything, Tomas said.
You never know maybe Peters got some ideas, John said sounding hopeful.
Sorry guys but I dont know of anyone, Peter said trying to think of anyone in his life that would potentially benefit from something like this.
Well if you think you find anyone dont tell them anything without talking to us first, Alice said.
Yeah we cant afford to get busted, Tomas said.
They reached the ladder and soon emerged on the surface of the lowest level.  They made their way back to the upper levels, through the same winding and confusing path Alice had taken him.  It occurred to Peter that he would have to try to memorize this route if he were to find his way back.  It seemed impossible, but the rest of them seemed to know the way by memory.
So are there directions on how to get back there?  Because I dont think Im going to be able to remember, Peter asked.
Yeah we loaded them onto your card, dont worry everything you need is there and worst case you can always ask Alice, John said.
Okay cool, so where we headed now? Peter was wondering.  They had mentioned something about drinks.
Just this little place we always go after meetings.  Not too busy, pretty discrete, John said.
But still watch what you say above ground, people are always listening whether you know it or not, Tomas said.
Dont worry, I dont want to get busted either, Peter said.
Good, we only talk about meaningless stuff up here, nothing serious, save that for the meetings, Alice said.
Peter had assumed all this but their extra caution made him feel a little relieved.  Knowing that they took their security this serious made him feel a little more secure in joining this group.
They reached the bar and it really was somewhere discrete.  Peter would never have noticed it had they not turned toward it.  A tiny door nestled in the corner of a building.  Through the door there was a set of stairs that led up to the bar on the second level.  It was a small place with some music playing quietly in the background.  Empty except for a few people absently fiddling with their screens as they drank.  It was a depressing place but did look secure enough for them to all meet here regularly without suspicion. 
We come here every Friday, Alice said to him, as well as after meetings, the last part whispered in his ear.
John nodded at the bartender and they all sat down at a table.  A bot floated over and deposited glasses filled with beer.  Alcohol was one of the few ancient drugs that still existed in the dome.  Despite all the distractions available, despite the constant entertainment and the ease of finding sedatives to help relax and sleep people still wanted to drink.  It was something of a holdover from the old culture.  Although most drinking was now done in massive clubs where people drank only to gain the courage to chat up the person they were eyeing that night.  
The problem with alcohol was the cost of production using the old methods.  The amount of land needed to grow things like the grains needed as well as all the other ingredients in something like beer would make it ridiculously expensive.  Real beer and real wine all were drinks reserved for the ultra-wealthy.  Most people just drank the cheap versions that were just different pre made mixes of alcohol to a certain percent depending on the drink.  In the case of beer it was alcohol mixed with carbonated water and some beer flavoring and colour.  Very few people knew what real beer or wine and spirits tasted like but they seemed to enjoy the imitations.  
So how did you guys all meet, Peter was curious how the people from his dream had all managed to meet in real life.  Even if they werent the actual people from his dream they all sure felt like it and he was going to go with what felt like the truth.
Well, John pulled me aside one day at work, Tomas started, he could tell that I was someone like him, someone who had unplugged.  We talked, maybe a little too openly but it was all just ideas and stuff at that point.  We didnt know what we were getting into.  When we met Alice she was temping at our office and we knew she was like us as well, so we talked to her and got her in, John said.
It was getting Alice into our little hobby that sort of got us involved in making it more secret, Tomas said.
They hadnt even thought about what people would think if they knew, or what those in charge would do if they found out, Alice said.
Turns out she had been doing this longer then the both of us, just on her own.  So she graciously showed us her place and the rest is history really, John said.
How long has it been? Peter asked.
I think we are going on our second year now, John said.
Pretty impressive, Peter wanted to ask about the kind of dreams these guys had, wanted to know if they were as odd as his were.  He just wasnt sure if this was the right place to ask a question like that, it could be seen as something odd, a little too much outside the norm.  He would save it for the next meeting.
So how long have you been working at the office? Alice asked.
I think for almost three years, its all kind of a blur.  I dont really pay attention to that kind of stuff, its just a job you know, Peter said.
Yeah I know what you mean, still its nicer then where I was before.  That place was dying, people kind of just shuffled around no one really knew what they were doing there.  I didnt get paid for a month and decided to take my chances and find a new place, Alice said.  
Yeah, its nice enough I guess, Peter had never really worked anywhere else so he didnt know that places could be worse than where he was.  He always thought they were all just different variations on the same thing.  It had never occurred to him that working at a dying company would be that much different.
Where do you guys work? Peter asked Tomas and John.
Just some hole in the wall tech place, Tomas said.
Yeah we are both engineers, making stupid lame bots like these ones, John gestured to the bar bot, the demand is always there though so thats good, and its not as mindless as most jobs.
Cool, kind of wish I had sacrificed more in school so I could be a little happier now, Peter said.  He had taken the easiest route, not really caring where it brought him.  He didnt care about much when it came to things like jobs and money, as long as he had enough to live comfortably he was happy.  Now he kind of regretted his decisions because he was working at a job he hated in order to just get by.  He thought that if he at least enjoyed his job a little life wouldnt be so difficult for him.  Getting out of bed every day was hard work.  If he hadnt been complacent to the dreams in the early days of his education he would be a little happier, that was what he told himself at least.
Yeah worth it, Tomas said sarcastically.
Lets get another round I dont have anything going on tomorrow, John said.
The beer had already made Peter drowsy, the long walk combined with his bad sleep was catching up to him and the beer wasnt helping.  He figured he could hang around for another drink though, he didnt want to look rude just leaving.
The talk began to drift toward less serious and more typical things.  Work gossip and celebrity news the kind of things everyone talked about when they actually talked in person.
Peter found himself staring at Alice more and more as the conversation got less and less interesting.  He had noticed how beautiful she was but figured one of the other two was already dating her.  Still his eye kept wandering over to where she sat.  He couldnt help it, despite the fact that he had given up on dating long ago.
He had only ever had one real girlfriend his whole life.  Driven by the need to feel normal, the need for human companionship the need for closeness.  He had tried to seem interested in what everyone was interested in.  They met in university and stayed together for a year before it ended.
He had tried to be normal, tried to find enjoyment in the inane things they did.  In the script that passed for dating.  They would spend hours sitting there not talking while she surfed the net and watched shows on her screen.  They would go out and watch shows in different places, go to clubs and awkwardly stand around drinking.  They talked about nothing when they did talk, just things like school and various entertainment topics that was big at that moment.  Social interaction had turned into just doing things that one would do alone, the only difference being another person being present.  He played along as long as he could, trying to be normal in order to have a girlfriend and follow the script of life.  Dating then marriage.
The sex was okay, at least he thought it was.  He had nothing to compare it to other then porn, and he felt like he was doing a good job.  She didnt complain either, but he never really felt anything.  Sex was just sex, there was no love involved in it, he didnt feel any closeness, couldnt feel anything like that.  Love was something he knew about but had never really felt.  He had read about it and of course people thought they knew what it was but he never felt it.  Never felt that close intimate connection with another human, that feeling of sharing the self with someone.  Love had become a word thrown around in advertising and nothing more.  People said they loved each other but no one really felt it anymore, it was impossible to get that close to another person with all the entertainment and technology in the way.
Eventually he gave up trying to seem normal and she caught on pretty quick.  She had always known he was a little off but had never really seen it partly because he hid it so well and partly because they were not close enough for her to see that.  She had dumped him and he really didnt care, he was resigned to being alone in his difference.
There had been no one else since that because he didnt want to try, couldnt put on that mask again.  That was why finding these people from his dreams in reality was so good.  Finally he had found some people as alone as him, as different as he was.  He finally had people to connect to and it felt good knowing he was no longer alone.
Eventually they were all a little drunk and Peter was feeling it the most of all of them.  He had had a very long day and wanted to get home to sleep it off and start going over all the events.  He realized that he had no idea where he was though and no idea on how to get home from here.  His brain was too foggy with beer and lack of sleep, he couldnt figure it out.
Where are we? he asked the table.
As in? Alice asked looking a little concerned, she could tell that he wasnt feeling too well.
Like how do I get home from here? Peter asked.
All depends on where you live, Tomas said with a laugh.  
Peter realized that he didnt have enough money for a cab home and if no one was going to help him he would have to try to find his way on his own.  He was starting to get a little upset by the whole matter, this was the reason he didnt drink.
Dont worry about it man, well get you home, John said, he could see that Peter was not happy with being lost in some bar in a part of the dome he had never been to.
Just grab a pint for the road then we will all head out together, Tomas said.
Feeling a little relieved Peter took the offer and that was where things got a little fuzzy.  
He was in his bed though, and the clock was glowing in that familiar red, he knew he was still in his work uniform but he was too tired to care, he let sleep take him.

Wake up man we gotta go, Alice was yelling.  It was odd, he didnt feel like he had slept for six hours.  He was having a hard time focusing, recovering from the weirdest dream.
Get moving, the world rushed in and Peter came out of the deep sleep.
Alice pulling him up, it was still dark except for the bright red glow filling the whole room they had camped in.
Tomas and John were trying to pry the door at the far end of the room open, all their stuff was packed and ready.  From outside there was a horrible sound, like someone punching a bag filled with liquid, a sloshing fleshy noise.  Combined with the crashing of something massive moving around. 
Shit, he groaned, is it the big fucker?
Yes, now lets get moving, Alice said helping him put his pack on.
It sounded like it was right outside the door but Peter realized that if that were the case they would be dead.  Still they didnt have a lot of time to get out of here.  He ran over to help with the door as Alice stamped out the fire and gathered the last of their things.
Fucker wont budge, Tomas said to no one in particular.
Keep trying, its this or we die, John said.
Were going to have to shoot it, Peter said.
Using a gun was always a last resort.  They hadnt come across ammunition since the early days and anything they found now was often too corroded and water damaged to be usable.  Combined with the fact that as a shot was fired the whole city would be on top of them, they would have to commit to spending the next few days running and hiding.
All the negatives against it, shooting the door open seemed like the only resort at this moment.  They could risk hiding in the room but the red thing would find them, epically with an open door at the front and those tentacles probing, looking for things it could consume.
Fucking hell, Alice how far away is it? John said.
We got three minutes, maybe, Alice said glancing out the door and down the wide street.
Tomas, Peter and John tried the door, it was shaking in the frame, the only thing holding it there was the deadbolt.  If they had an hour and some tools they could get it open but this was a steel reinforced door.
Damn, John said.  They would have to shoot it.
Okay, we got maybe a minute after I fire this shot, he said lining the gun up, so get ready to run like hell.
Even with the muffling layers of protective clothing the shot was deafening in the room.  The door swung open and the sound coming from outside of that thing approaching got decidedly louder and more urgent.
Move now, John yelled and they all ran through the door in military style breach and clear.  Their training always took over in moments of crisis.
The door wouldnt close behind them because the shot had blown apart the latch so they had to leave it open.  Fumbling around blindly in the dark was almost as dangerous as trying to hide in the room but they had no choice.  The creature meant certain death, taking risks in a dark building would potentially lead to them finding somewhere safe.
Still they slowed down which was difficult as they could still hear the thing behind them.  There was no red glow though so that meant it wasnt through the door yet, although the red light would have served to provide them some clarity on their way.  
Peter realized that they might be safe even here.  They didnt know how far the tentacles could reach or even how this thing sensed life.  It did react to hearing the shot but that might have been only because it was so loud and out of place.  They didnt know what kind of mental faculties it had, if it could figure out where they had gone, if it could smell them or hear the fainter noises they were making now.  They didnt even know if it could see things.  Still fear drives most of those questions out of ones mind and they kept heading into the unknown.  It was probably better to get further from that red thing then to take a risk on whether or not it was smart enough to follow them.  From the size of that thing no amount of firepower could manage to take it down.
Up ahead there was a faint glow, light coming from outside.  They had been climbing stairs, sticking to the wall to keep from the more dangerous outer edge where missing railings and fallen steps proved more hazardous.  Keeping their left hand on the wall kept them from getting lost and the fact that they were on stairs meant that they knew kind of where they were going.  Still being trapped high in a building was not ideal, especially with a creature that was easily half the height of a skyscraper banging on the door outside.  Judging by the state of the wall and stairs combined with what he had seen of it the night before this building needed only a strong wind to send it crashing down.  So the sight of light was welcome, hopefully they could figure a way back down and get around this thing to safety.
They were all breathing heavily, even adrenaline couldnt keep them from the fatigue of sprinting up this many flights of stairs.  The sight of light in the distance was driving them all forward, there was also hope in that below them no red light had emerged.  Either the thing wasnt following them or they had lost it.  It seemed like they were in the clear.  They could still hear something out there though, even through the walls.  They could feel the slight tremor in the building as the thing moved around.
Hold here, John said.
The source of the light was a section of the building that had fallen away.  They could see the next floor above them but the stairs and the wall had fallen outward leaving them stranded.  They were holding on a landing just below the hole.  
John crawled up the stairs with his rifle so that he had the scope.  They couldnt see the creature anywhere but they could still feel it causing tremors in the ground.  They could still hear something off in the distance, faint but there.
John looked down the street both ways trying to find it, hoping to spot it because that meant it had gone around the building and moved off in another direction.  He scanned desperately, looking for any sign.  The early light of the day made it harder to spot because it lacked the black backdrop of night.
He was scanning back again, looking across the street to see if it was behind some of the buildings on the next block when one of the buildings came crashing down in a tumble of dust.  It sounded like a mountain breaking in half, all that concrete and steel separating.  But through the dust he could see the red, the creature was moving on and knocking buildings down as it went.  Then he noticed the building they were in shaking enough to have him worried.  The building that had just fallen was large enough and close enough to have taken the one they were hiding in out, luckily it had fallen the other way.  The impact on the ground could prove to be enough to knock their building over though and from the looks of things they were on at least the twentieth floor.
Peter felt the building swaying like they were in an earthquake.  He could hear things cracking and creaking, groaning with the movement.  He had heard the sound of a building falling and had been filled with fear, when he realized it wasnt the one they were in he relaxed a little but now the fear was coming back with every sway of the structure.  They were going to have to get out of here quick, but right now all of them were holding their breath, waiting for either the building to fall down around them or to stop moving and give them enough time to get out.
Then the dust came.  Billowing through the hole, reminding Peter almost of something solid, something alive.  Then they were enveloped in a fog of radioactive concrete dust.  Almost as deadly as they gas they had fought through in the war, and once again Peter was thankful for the sometimes cumbersome gas mask.  Now he only wished they had a light of some sort that could penetrate through this dust.
The building had settled, but now came the hard part.  They had to make their way back down the stairs that were probably more damaged then before, and they had to do it all in total darkness, enveloped in dust from the collapsed building next door.
We have got to get going guys, Alice was the first to break the silence they had all entered at the sound of the building across the street falling.
The building moaned in agreement and that got them all to their feet.
Okay we have to go slow though, dont rush and get in a stupid accident, John said.
That seemed easy enough except for the fact that every time the building shuddered or shifted Peter wanted to bolt down the stairs.  John was right though, if they rushed they could end up separated, someone could fall, the chances of an accident happening rose greatly.  Even small injuries were potentially life threatening in this environment, there was no safe way to remove the suit, and even by keeping the respirator on the chances of infection were way too high to risk.  A broken bone could prove fatal when there was no way to treat or immobilize it.  It would eventually go necrotic and death would soon follow.  The inside of the suits was entirely sterile, they had been decontaminated before putting them on and all waste was removed via tubes to an exterior bag that was detached and emptied on a regular basis.  Infection was no issue with injuries the fact that if they didnt heal on their own there was no alternate course of treatment was the problem.  Loss of circulation to a limb due to a break would just mean feeling your flesh die slowly and waiting for a clot to break away and end it all.
A rip in the suit was also a death sentence.  It would take something major to cause a rip, the material was woven with carbon nanotubes and other reinforcing material, but a bullet could still break through as could severe abrasion caused by a long fall down a jagged concrete staircase.
The walk down felt like an eternity because of the necessity of going slow.  The urge to run nagging constantly in all their minds, that fear pushing them.  The dark didnt help with the fear either and was making it even more difficult to navigate the now severely damaged staircase.
Every second or third stair was broken or crumbling.  When Peter put his foot down and felt where he stepped start to give way it was hard to commit to the movement and keep going.  There was no other option though, it was make it down or sit and wait for the building to fall and take them all down with it.  He had to keep going, to outrun the fear in his head, they all did.
Finally he felt more stable ground under his feet.  They had reached the bottom of the stairs, now came the task of finding their way out.  When they had sprinted through here only adrenaline and some instinctual sense of direction had guided them.  Now trying to find a door or some way out with no recollection was going to be difficult.
Okay, everyone put your left hand on the wall and start walking straight following the wall, right hand on the shoulder of the person in front of you.  If you feel something like a door or window let us know in case the person in front of you missed it, John said.  In times of crisis they all went back to their military roles and in those roles John was always the leader.
Following that method it would be impossible to not find a way out, eventually there would be a break in the wall.  They did a quick role call to make sure all four of them were on the wall and on the same page about the plan, then they started walking.
They could be walking for hours before they found an exit.  Peter knew how large these buildings could be.  Massive footprints supporting dizzying heights.  When habitable land began to run out building up became the only option, and build up is what people did.  Structures reaching into the sky top floors higher than the cloud line.  With the near permanent cloud caused by the war Peter wanted to one day climb to the top of one of the largest buildings he could find, just to see the sun again.
Got something, John said and they stopped.
Yeah feels like a door, if its locked Im shooting it so get ready to run again.
But what about, Tomas started.
We dont have time, this place is coming down and I dont want to be near it when it does, John said.
The day was starting to give them a little luck though, the handle turned and the door swung open.  No light shone through it, it just led to another large dark room.
Peter wiped the dust from his lenses and could see something in the distance.  A faint glow of daylight, barely visible but there.
Do you guys see that? he said.
Yeah think so, Alice said.
Looks like we got a way out, Tomas said.
Okay, we will move toward it but still keep contact with one another, without the wall if we get separated its going to be hard to reorient and find one another, John said.
They moved in a line, hands on shoulders, toward the light.  It was defiantly far enough away to keep Peter nervous, it would take them a while to get there and the building was only sounding more and more unstable as they moved forward. 
Can we maybe speed up a little? he suggested.
Yeah I think thats a good idea, light jog guys and keep in contact, John said.
Even jogging toward the light it was hard to stop the urge to sprint into it full tilt.  It was growing brighter faster and faster as they got closer.  Then, daylight filled the room.  Dim because of the cloud but enough to make Peter grateful.
The light was coming from a door torn half off its hinges.  They couldnt pry it away so they squeezed through the opening one by one and as soon as they were out of the building they all made a dash up the street.  Wanting to get as far away as possible should the structure fall.  They were exposed, open and out of cover, but that didnt matter.  If anyone else was around they were probably still distracted by the buildings collapsing, as they ran another fell behind them.    
When they felt they were far enough away they found cover and caught their breath, waiting to see if anyone had seen them, waiting for the sound of pursuit or maybe even a gunshot.  Existing in a state of constant danger meant that even if they knew they were safe they were always ready for the worst to happen.  They could hear distant booms and crashes as the creature made its lumbering way through the city.  It was sweeping the place clean, looking for as much life as possible to add to its mass.
Think were safe? Peter asked having caught his breath.
Should be, that thing would have scared anyone off, Tomas said.
So what now then? Peter asked.
We keep moving, keep doing what we do, John said.
Their purpose for surviving was starting to escape all of their memories.  When the entire world was crazy, when the whole planet had gone to shit what was the point of struggling to survive.  It felt like they were only living for the sake of living, just to prove that they could do it.  It didnt feel like a good enough reason to keep moving on but they kept pushing regardless.  There was the vague sense, the idea of maybe finding other survivors who were like them.  Others who were not sociopaths or insane, others with masks and suits to protect them.  Maybe another group that they could join, start a search for a place that wasnt contaminated and restart civilization.  That was a distant hope, an impossible dream, but it was really the only reason to keep going and so Peter focused on it whenever he lost sight of the point of living this horrific life.  He also thought of his squad, his friends and how they all relied on one another, how they were all surviving to keep going for their friend beside them.  It was just another reason to live on the short list of reasons to live.
We should try to get out of the city, head north, Alice suggested.
It was a good idea and it gave them some purpose at least in terms of direction.  There were a few problems in that the cities were so massive that leaving one was almost impossible, there was still undeveloped land often in the northern latitudes, but it took a long time to get to.  The other problem was that heading north meant entering into colder regions that would be even colder than normal because of the permanent state of winter the planet was now in.  It was better than anything else, they had come from the south and knew nothing existed in that direction.  East and West was just an entire continent of city until one reached the ocean.  North, despite being colder, promised a chance of finding some area of the planet not ruined by nuclear or chemical weapons.  They had the survival gear necessary to make it in the colder climate, it would just mean slower moving trying to get through snow and deal with blizzards and more intense storms.
It would seem to be the only direction that it makes sense, John said.
Do we have enough supplies? Tomas asked.
Well no, but staying here or heading north does not really make a difference in that department, we will just have to keep our eyes open for anything we can use on the way, John said.
Yeah but if we spend time combing over areas we are way more likely to find stuff then just checking here and there as we move, Tomas said.
Well we are in no rush, its not like there is a schedule or anything, we can take our time and make sure we check everywhere for supplies before we move on, John said.
Well we might want to get out of the city sooner rather than later.  Who knows if that thing will be back, or even if there is only one.  For all we know this place could be crawling with those things, the sooner we get out of the city the sooner we got away from the potential of getting killed by one of those, Peter said.
Yeah escape the city to starve in the wild, just sounds like choosing one death over another, Tomas said.
Guys, stop, Alice said, we will head north, slowly, gathering all we can along the way.  If we run into another one of those things then we will deal with it.  Who knows, maybe nowhere is safe from them, how do you know they are only in the cities?
Good point, and sitting here is getting nothing done, so lets just head out and move, John said.
They grabbed their equipment and began the slow cover to cover movement that they had adopted.  It was second nature to them now to move while trying to stay invisible.  It was slower but much safer.  By taking the safe way they had managed to survive this long so there was no reason to start being reckless.  Besides it was not like there was anything hurrying them along, most of their travel was just aimless anyway.
Peter knew that it didnt really matter which direction they headed, the chance of finding an area not totally destroyed by the war and all the fallout that surrounded it was slim to none.  Air currents and storms would have deposited radioactive dust on the entirety of the planet and they knew nothing about the chemicals and biological weapons in the air.  All they knew was that it drove people mad, they didnt know how long they would persist in the environment or how easily they could be transported around the globe.  From what they had seen most of the earth was infected with those agents anyway.
Still having a direction, having a place to head to, gave them purpose and purpose was the most valuable commodity in this new world.  So they kept moving.
Making any distance at a reasonable speed was impossible if they wanted to move safely but there was no real rush.  Even if they didnt take proper care to stay out of sight it still took forever to make distance due to the rubble and debris they had to traverse along with the weight of their supplies.  Taking time to check buildings for more supplies added even more time. 
They had been walking for about an hour when there was a distant rumble.  The familiar sound of a building falling to the earth.  Peter stopped to look back and was pretty sure it was the building they had been hiding in earlier, but it was hard to tell because they all looked the same at a distance. 
No one else took any notice, collapsing buildings were far too common in the city.  It was actually a worry that plagued them as they moved, that a building would randomly fall or that there would be an earthquake and it would bring the city down around them.  Earthquakes were becoming more common and every little tremor brought fresh terror as the buildings groaned and swayed.  They were all built to remarkable standards but years of neglect and a nuclear war had removed the structural integrity.  
They were on the eastern seaboard, a place with a noticeable lack of fault lines before the war, it was like the conflict had cracked the earth, had made it less stable. Maybe in a few years it would shake itself apart and start fresh.  Revert to the primordial state, volcanoes spewing forth the insides of the planet wiping it clean and starting again.  A global reset that would hopefully yield better results.  Maybe next time intelligence wouldnt evolve beyond the basic ape the planet wouldnt be torn apart by conflict.
Being on the move gave Peter time to think.  They didnt talk much when they walked, the suits and respirators added to the effort of lugging their heavy packs over rough terrain, talking was too much added effort.  They just went inside themselves while they moved, it gave them time for introspection.  That was probably not the best for their mental health as they were all a little rough after the war suffering from the traumas of conflict.  Peter found it relaxing sometimes but other times it was hard to keep the bad thoughts at bay, especially when he was surrounded by this bombed out world.
He was thinking about the dream from last night.  The one that had felt so real, it had all of them in it.  All of them without their gear just like when they had first met.  They were living in some kind of bio dome, trying to resist the obliteration of information by mindless entertainment.  It was weird, a dream that almost made him glad humanity had destroyed itself through war instead of becoming a stagnate society like that one.
The problem he was having was that the dream seemed like reality.  It was like this was the dream, but this was reality.  A familiar philosophic problem, something contemplated for years and never solved, what is reality?  How would one know if one were living in a dream?  There was no real answer, only that this felt real to him now so he would have to accept that this was reality and that what he had dreamt last night was only a dream.  Except it felt like he had dreamt it before.  It was like stepping into a pair of shoes that were broken in, familiar but not necessarily comfortable as there was no longer any support left.
Peter looked up from picking his steps across the rugged terrain to see that everyone had stopped walking.  Catching their breath they stared up at the massive structure blocking their way.  One of the huge buildings, the ones that reached so high the upper floors had to be sealed and pressurized due to how thin the air got.  Taller than mountains, so tall aircraft had to divert around them.  And from the looks of things it had fallen flat across their path and they were in the middle of it.  There were now three choices for them in order to keep moving forward.  They could attempt to climb through it to the other side, but that would be dangerous and they might reach an impassable point and have to go back loosing hours of work in the process.  The other options were going left or right and walking the miles to the point where the top of the building or the bottom of the building was and just go around it.
They all just sat down and caught their breath.  Too tired to say anything while they tried to get their breath back.
This was just a minor problem, things like this always happened, now they just had to find a way around it that didnt take too much time or risk.
So yeah, three options guys, John said after a bit.
Well I think we should head toward the roof, the more expensive suits would be near the top and we could have more chance of finding supplies, Tomas said.
Yeah, that seems like a plan, check the rooms as we move up, Peter said.
No reason to risk going through the middle I guess, Alice said.
Okay then, to the roof we go, hopefully we are closer to it, I cant see either end of this thing, John said.
The length of the building combined with all the debris surrounding it made it impossible to see where it started and ended.  It really was a testament to the level of construction of these structures that it even survived a fall sideways.  The foundations must have given out and it fell to the side like a tree in a forest, crushing other buildings under it as it went down.  The only intact sections were the ones that landed on roads, all the others were pretty damaged from colliding with other structures.  They could see the path it had taken down and followed alongside it, checking any intact rooms for things that might be useful.  It would be hard going having to climb over all the surrounding rubble but it was safer than trying to climb through the center.  There was no telling how wide the building was and what might be lurking in the inner dark corridors.
They all adjusted their packs and with a collective groan of effort and fatigue they began moving alongside the building.  The mornings adventures with the red conglomeration, had tired them all out.  They were moving at a much slower pace than usual, but they kept moving.  The only way to gain ground was to keep plodding forward, no matter how slow they moved or how long it took.
They were all drinking their meal replacements as they walked along, simultaneously hydrating and getting the required nutrition for the exercise they were doing.  At every window that didnt look too damaged they stopped and checked around inside for anything useful.  Sometimes having to scale up over what used to be the horizontal axis of the building, trying to reach a promising looking spot.  They had found nothing so far, only the few remnants of a past life, a life fallen.
Here lemme check this one out, Tomas said stopping and pointing to an upper window.
They all stopped and looked where he was pointing to see where he intended to climb too.  It was high but a pretty basic climb and Tomas was the best at climbing in the group.  Everyone took their packs off, welcoming the break late in the day.  They would have to start looking for a place to set camp soon.  Tomas sized up the climb, figuring the best route to the window.  It was only a few stories high but it was always better to play it safe in situations where any injury was possible.  
Okay give me five minutes after I go in then come after me, Tomas said.
This was their standard policy whenever one of them entered somewhere alone.  Most likely he would be safe and either signal them or be out in five minutes, but if not they would be up there looking for him with guns drawn and loaded.  They would never leave one of their own behind.
Tomas tied off a rope after his quick climb to the window and tossed the slack down.  This offered them a quick and easy way up if there was a demand for that.  Most of the time they used the rope to lower supplies down, but there were occasions where one of them would climb up to help move something heavy, or assist in sorting through the debris of the room.
Tomas had been up there for a few seconds when he came back to the window.
Theres a ton of stuff up here, one of you wanna come up and help me sort through it? He was excited.
Peter you feel up to it? John asked.
Sure thing, Peter began to climb up to the window, using the rope to help him reach the top faster.
The room was a disaster, everything scattered all over the place but most of it was intact.  This was almost miraculous considering the distance it must have fallen, once again a testament to the solid construction of these buildings.
Tomas was right, the room looked untouched from outside forces.  There were food packs already in a pile as Tomas had been organizing everything while Peter climbed up.  From the looks of the place there was also a fair amount of ammunition around.  Peter could see a box of .44 magnum shells by his feet.
Lots of ammo but no guns yet, Tomas said.
Any of it the right caliber? Peter asked.
Not yet, you wanna look while I pile up the food here, Tomas said tossing bags of the liquid meals they lived off into the pile.
Near the end of the war the government had issued this food along with gas masks and suits to the civilian population.  This was due to the spread of contamination beyond the front lines as well as the ever increasing attacks on the civilian population.  People had also started stockpiling weapons and ammo as the front lines began to blur and entire countries became battlefields.  People were ready to take up arms against the attackers if their military could not hold them off.  Most of the time when they found caches like this everything was ruined, the ammo unusable, the food bags burst open.  That was why this was such a good find.  A shame to let it go to waste as the populace never had a chance to need their stores of weapons and ammo.  The lithium deuteride bombs had seen to that.
Peter could only find pistol ammunition and a few shotgun shells.  They didnt bother carrying side arms, the weight was too much for the small benefit they offered.  In a group of four as long as they all had rifles they were all armed enough to defend each other in any encounter.  The problem with carrying rifles was that most people only stockpiled shotguns and hand guns because that was what was most readily available, the rifles were all diverted to the front lines.  This made finding ammunition outside of military zones very difficult.
I got nothing man, Peter said.
Yeah I think Ive found all the food Id be willing to eat, Tomas said.
Peter wanted to get out of this apartment, walking in sideways buildings always made him kind of queasy.  Along with the aspect of seeing someones former life scattered about.  Time and radiation had destroyed most markings that would make this apartment unique, things like photos and electronics obliterated by time.  It was like the war had not only killed the people that used to live here but it had also wiped their memory clean off the earth.  That made Peter uneasy, knowing that permanence in any small way was no longer possible.  There was no way to leave a mark on the burnt out planet.
Tomas was putting all the food into a sack he had brought up with him.  Peter began to help, tying it to the rope and lowering it down to John and Alice.
Okay you first, in case you need the rope, Tomas said.
Peter made his way down rapidly, sliding down the rope and kicking off the building to help get them out faster, he didnt like being exposed.  Daylight was waning and Tomas still had to untie the rope and climb down, then they had to find somewhere to set up camp for the night.  
A few seconds after Peter had let go of the rope it coiled down after him.  Tomas was clearly aware of the urgency facing them as well.  When the sun began to set it went down quick and there was no option to find shelter in the dark, using any light would make them huge targets and stumbling around in the pitch black would be next to impossible.
Tomas was half way down, picking his way rapidly from ledge to hand hold to foot hold to ledge.  That was when the shot rang out.
They all went to the ground instinctively.  Peter had his rifle shouldered and aimed at where the shot came from, his safety was off and he was ready to engage, military life had turned him into a well-oiled machine.  He looked back to see where Tomas was, Alice and John were in cover on either side of him.
Tomas was no longer on the building, and Peter could see him no-where on the ground.
Tomas? He yelled.  There was no answer.
The shot must have hit its mark, Peter felt himself fill with rage and the urge to kill, the urge to enact vengeance for his fallen comrade.  Then he heard a groan from behind him.
Tomas? Alice said.
Not hit, just fell, came the weak voice.
Okay, get some cover and stay down, well deal with this, John said.  
Peter had not found where the shot had come from.  They would have to take a risk and draw the shooter out.  Peter only hoped it was a lone person and not a group working to flank them.
See anything? Alice asked John.
Not yet, Peter move right, low and fast, we got to draw him out, John said.
Peter hated this, being a moving target in order to help locate the shooter.  His only hope was that the person shooting was a bad shot.  The fact that they had missed Tomas helped reassure him.
He darted from cover and ran as fast as he could to the furthest piece of cover he was willing to risk sprinting to.  The whole distance felt like swimming through molasses, adrenaline pumping so fast it was hard to get a full breath.  The suit and mask didnt help with his speed and only made moving harder.  The whole time he was exposed he waited for the sound of a shot, for the thud of a round hitting him, for the pain and death it would bring.  He knew he wouldnt hear it, the only thing he could hear was the rasp of his breathing in the mask, the ringing in his ears from the adrenaline, the rush of his body on full alert.
Sliding behind the large chunk of concrete he had chosen he checked to make sure he wasnt hit.  It was always hard to believe that he survived on mad dashes like this, but this time like all the times before, he was unscathed.  
Got a sight on him? he yelled back at John.
No he didnt take a shot, John said still scanning the surrounding buildings through his scope.
The fact that he hadnt shot could mean that the guy was alone and short of ammo, it could mean he knew they were trying to draw him out, it could mean he was on the move, it could mean a lot of things Peters mind was racing.  He started scanning the buildings looking for anything that might signal someone was there.  There was nothing, no movement, no glint of a scope, nothing different than before.  They were pinned, with one shot they were now pinned.  Trying to move and not knowing where a shooter was would be dangerous.  This was the worst, they were now in a situation where moving was basically impossible but for all they knew the shooter had seen their numbers and left after missing Tomas.  The silence of the city struck Peter.  After the gunshot everything seemed quieter than before.  Vaguely there was a worry about the noise attracting attention but at least it would be directed away from them.
What now? Peter asked John.
Get back here and check on Tomas, Alice and I will cover you, he said.
Peter didnt look forward to having to come out of cover again but Tomas needed help.  Peter sprinted back to their location.
Tomas was where he had landed and was softly groaning as he held his knee.
You alright man? Peter asked.
No, just dont worry about me okay, Im fucking gone man, Tomas sounded like he was crying.  Peter couldnt see his face to tell, the masks removed that aspect of communication, no longer could people read each others facial expressions.
Dude, youre not gone alright, we are sticking through this, now whats hurt? Peter was concerned.  Normally Tomas was a little more optimistic.
Take a look for yourself, he lifted his hand off his knee and Peter immediately saw that Tomas was gone.  He didnt want to believe it, couldnt accept it, wanted to cry out in rage, but there was no changing the truth.
The suits were designed to take a beating from the outside with the inside being comfortable against the skin.  The problem was that due to the weave of the fabric tending toward preventing external damage, damage coming from within was not as well guarded against.  This made sense because what kind of damage would come from inside a suit.  That was Tomass problem, he had landed on the wrong angle and snapped his shin, the bone jammed up beside his knee and had enough force to puncture right through the suit from the inside out.  Even if they could control the bleeding and stabilize his leg there was nothing they could do against the exposure to the toxic air.  Tomas would either be dead or insane in a few days.  Still Peter could not just leave him.
Fucking hell man.  Dont worry were gonna fix you up okay, no one gets left to die, he grabbed his first aid kit from his pack.  It was equipped well enough to deal with this kind of injury.
Dont bother wasting supplies man, Im done, Tomas said.
You dont know that, so Im going to give you every chance I can, Peter said.
Go. For. It, Tomas was going limp, blood loss and pain catching up with his already worn and tired body.
Stay with me man, Peter had to cut away more of the suit to get access to the full length of the injury underneath.  He tried to open as little as possible in order to make patching easier.  They had patch kits, meant to be used in regular maintenance of the suits when they were stored.  They were not intended as field kits but would have to do in this case.  Peter worked fast trying to limit exposure as best he could.
I could use a hand, he yelled over to Alice and John.
Alice came rushing over, and before she jumped in to help she stood there looking at the damage, the same thoughts Peter had had going through her head.  Then she jumped in to help, pulling out her own first aid kit.
Together they managed to get the bone back under the skin.  There was no way they could set it properly but with some of the trauma glue they managed to get it to stay put.  The bleeding was slowed and controlled by the medical paste they spread in the wound to sterilize it.  Combat first aid kits allowed for almost full surgery to be performed in the battle field, through the use of proper training and the latest in medical technology.  They glued the skin shut over the wound and cleaned it up on the outside before getting to work patching the suit closed.  They both knew that in the best case scenario Tomas would never be able to walk without a horrific limp and a tremendous amount of pain.  Most likely if the chemicals didnt kill him the lack of proper circulation to his leg would.  They didnt know how to set a compound fracture for the long term, their training had only been enough to increase survival rates in long transports to medical help.
Before closing him up they had administered a shot of morphine, Tomas was going to be out for a while.  There was really nothing else they could do for him, there was also no way to move him especially if they were under the threat of sniper fire.
So, Peter said.
Just dont say anything, Alice was packing up the unused supplies.  There was a pool of blood congealing in a divot in the cement.  This made Peter want to move Tomas, even though he knew he couldnt.  It just didnt seem right leaving him in a pool of his own blood, but there was nothing else they could do now.  They both looked back to where John was.
Their position formed a kind of front line, with Tomas being the best protected and closest to the building in a low spot.  Moving up to Johns position offered a better view but exposed them more.  Right now they needed a good view, Peter wanted a good view.  He wanted the shooter to slide into his crosshairs.  He wanted to kill the bastard.
How is he? John asked and from his tone Peter could tell he knew it was bad.
Not good, his suit ripped, Peter said.
Fucking shit, John yelled.  He wanted to collapse to the ground, wanted to just give up.  He was still losing people and the war was over.  He was tired of all the loss, he just wanted to give up.  There was still Peter and Alice though and they all had to keep moving if they were going to make it.  He had to keep moving for them, he couldnt put them through the loss of their leader as well as the loss of Tomas.  They needed him and he needed to be strong for them.
There is a chance, an open suit still needs a contaminant, how do we even know if this area is infected, Alice said.
Cover me while I go check on him, John sounded calmer, ignoring Alices overly optimistic sentiment.  He had to mellow himself out, had to look strong, had to keep it together, everyone else was keeping themselves straight.
The sight of Tomas lying there almost threw him back to the brink of collapse.  It made him want to just lie down and wait for the end.  Tomass leg elevated on his pack, blood drying on the ground, the clear sign of patching on his suit.  He could hear labored breathing and could only imagine the extra effort needed to keep inhaling against the mask, the drive required to keep trying to live when he knew that death was inevitable and was most likely going to be painful.  Right now he was fine though, embraced in a morphine cloud, but soon as the drugs lost their grip he would be in a bad place.  John only wished there was more they could do.  He knew Tomas would beg for death soon, and he didnt entirely trust himself not to deliver it, he hoped they would do the same for him if he ever got into a similar state.
For now though everything was fine, everything was quiet and if he could find this asshole that had shot at them and caused this then everything would be fine at least in terms of revenge and allowing them to move out to a better place to set camp.  He crawled back up to where Alice and Peter were scanning the horizon.
See anything? he asked knowing they hadnt or else they would be shooting at it.
Nothing I think who ever took that pot shot has moved off, Peter said.
Well we cant move now, there is no way we could transport Tomas, we will have to set camp here anyway, Alice said.
Just hope its a calm night, not going to be getting much sleep, Peter said.
Lets have one on watch scanning in case that asshole comes back, we will take turns until dark then just go to regular watch schedule, John said.
Ill take first watch while you guys set up camp, Alice said.
Right, use my rifle and Ill trust your judgment on whether or not to take a shot, just remember that after you shoot we will have to move and putting Tomas through that for nothing would be torture, John said.
I know, Alice took the rifle and found a good position where she could see most of the buildings surrounding them. 
Peter and John moved down to where Tomas was lying.  They had a small portable shelter but never used it because it made them more visible in open cover.  They decided that it would be worth the risk for tonight, just to keep Tomas out of the elements and give him a little degree of comfort.  The benefit of using it was that it was light proof so they could use a light stick in it to keep an eye on Tomas and give them all some comfort in the pitch black of night.  Normally they didnt like using the light sticks when they could gather some wood and start a small fire, they saved them for emergencies and tonight was one.  
The tent was big enough for two people, which was part of the reason they never used it, it left one of them sleeping outside while one took watch.  Tonight it worked though because with Tomas in the tent and one of them keeping watch over him while the other two kept a tight watch over the camp.  They always used a two person watch when setting camp outside of cover, it made it safer and was less likely that one of them would fall asleep.
With the tent up the cold remaining daylight allowed them to lift Tomas and place him on a sleeping bag inside.  He groaned as pain shot through him but the morphine still had a tight enough grip to keep him away from entering the full grip of the pain.
With Tomas set up they had time to grab some food and prepare the tent for the night.  They had two small vials of liquid painkiller designed to be administered through the mask without risk of contamination.  They were powerful enough to knock Tomas out for another eight hours per bottle, then after that they had nothing else on the pain management spectrum.  Their first aid kits were not designed for long term treatment.  They did have one more dose of morphine but it was for intravenous use and they were not going to puncture his suit to give him a pain killer.
What if we injected it into the food bottle, just before he consumed it, leaving the needle in until he drank it all?  It wouldnt be as strong as injecting it but it would help a little, Peter suggested.
We could, just have to be careful with nausea and vomiting, I dont know if youve ever puked in one of these things but it is not pleasant.  It fills up and the stupid drain vent never gets it all out, you have to live with that smell until you get the thing cleaned and that really is not an option here, John said.
Well at least it wouldnt have any chunks, an upside to the liquid diet, Peter said.
There is that, we will have to see how he feels and go from there, John said.
By now the remaining daylight was a memory in the sky.  They would have to set watch for the night and get some light in the tent.
Alice will take first rest in the tent and you and I will handle first watch, John said.
Then you take second rest, Alice will join me, then Ill take last rest and you will join Alice for last watch, sound good? He continued.
Sure thing man.  Lets go grab her, hopefully Tomas stays under and she can get some sleep, Peter said.
They left the tent together through the double flap taking care to make sure no light was leaking out.  The light stick was dim, but in this total darkness it was strong enough to attract attention to anyone close enough to see it. 
Alice was still scanning through the scope.  It had night vision but the battery for that had died a long time ago.  The sky was fading to the dark grey, colour draining from the world, Peter doubted she could see anything through the scope.  She was just looking because there was nothing else they could do and trying to do something no matter how impossible was better than just sitting waiting to be shot at again.
You got first tent rest, John told her as he took the rifle.
Okay, is he still out? she asked.
For now, you should be able to get some sleep, if he wakes up just give him some water and see how he feels.  If you think he can handle some more painkillers just inject the food with the morphine and leave the needle in while he drinks it to lower any contamination risk, John explained, other than that there is not much we can do.
Try to get some rest though, and eat something, Peter said, the next few days are going to be tough on all of us.
I know, I know, Alice moved slowly toward the tent.  
They had to be quiet now, noise seemed to carry further at night.  The air seemed stiller, emptier.  Peter took his position next to John, they stayed close at the cost of covering more ground to keep the other one awake should one of them nod off.  After a day like today that was required, especially for Peter who had not got his full sleep ration and was running on only a few hours of light sleep.
Now in the total dark of the night he was starting to feel the effects of a long day with little sleep the night prior.  It was hard to keep his eyes open when all he could see was black, he couldnt tell the difference between his eyes being open or closed.  His mind started telling him that it didnt matter that he could rest for a while and John wouldnt notice.  It was all a ploy by his fatigue addled brain to get him to sleep.  Amazing how the brain would turn against its owner, end up working toward something that would be detrimental.
Still Peter fought it, he wished he could talk to John to help him stay awake, he needed something to focus on in order to remain conscious.  He remembered his dream from the night previous and wished he had one of those screen things now to help keep him awake.  Maybe the dream was his subconscious crafting a world to replace this one, although why it would craft such a broken place and not a paradise was beyond him.  Maybe years of exposure to horror and war had corrupted it to the point where all it could come up with was broken images of the world.  
Of course there was no point in having one of those screens now, not when there was no longer an internet or any form of connection, the EMPs from multiple nuclear blasts had wiped the planet clean of digital data.  Let alone the loss of all electronic power, so many things had been lost forever when the bombs fell.  That was another casualty of the war, all of the information on earth that was not backed up in hard copy was now gone.  Even most of the hard copy information was gone, it was rare to find any paper intact, let alone any books or files.  
Humanities only lasting contribution was probably the few satellites and space craft floating around the planet.  All the people who had been in space when the war went nuclear were most likely dead now.  A few years without a re-supply from earth, Peter doubted they held enough food let alone water to last for years up there.  Some might have come to earth in escape pods, but that was almost worse than staying up there to starve.  Peter liked to hope that some people had stayed up there and managed to survive, grow food and manufacture water with hydrogen and oxygen generators.  That humanity might live on amongst the stars.  It was a distant hope but hope was really the only thing they had left.
His alarm was going off, his clock flashing red.  Another day, another useless day working for nothing, waiting to die.
Peter wake up, John was shaking him.  He had nodded off and landed right in that world, that world that felt more real than this one did.  Maybe this was the dream?  But that made no sense, it was just the pitch black playing tricks on his senses, on his overtired mind.
Sorry, Peter whispered.  He felt guilty for falling asleep and that guilt gave him a little jolt of energy, enough to hopefully keep him awake for the next hour at least.  
Staring into nothing was difficult though, and tonight was harder because he didnt have a fire to give him a distraction and because they both had to be extra alert.  He couldnt forget that the person or people who had shot at them today was still out there.  He just had to find an idea, a thought to focus on something, anything to keep him awake.  He just needed his ears to work, it was not like his eyes could do anything in this darkness anyway.
The dream came back to him, the oddness of it, how real it felt.  How when he was in it this reality felt like a distant dream, and how when he was here that dream felt like a distant reality.  Maybe if he focused on this reality when he fell asleep he could try to determine what was the dream, or maybe give himself an advantage in that world.  It seemed that he was a slightly different version of himself in the dream, he was a little bit of a coward, scared to take any risks.  Scared to try to change an obviously broken system.  Maybe he could try to force his other self, his dream self to man up a little and actually take a risk in changing something.  At least then the dream would be a little more interesting, something more than him just working a dull office job.
Then there was the problem of this reality and what if where he was now was the dream.  How would he know?  But of course this problem was nothing serious, he just had to try to live every reality as best he could and if it did turn out to be a dream at least he could be proud of how his dream self had acted.
Then there was the thing with Alice, Tomas and John being there.  Seeing them without their suits on, seeing them without having fought a horrific war, making friends with them outside of the military was enough to make him wish that was the true reality.  It had been so long since they could just all hang out and not have anything serious to worry about.  He knew that would never happen again in this reality, so he had to cherish those moments in the dream.  He could embrace a new friendship and even though they didnt recognize him he could build a solid friendship with all of them and they could just relax together again.
In a way the mundane nature of the dream was comforting, a life where he could not get shot at and have friends die would be nice.  There had to be a way he could stay there, it felt like choosing a reality.  Maybe this was what schizophrenics felt like, having to pick a reality.  Mental illness was a luxury he couldnt afford, he needed to pull his shit together.  They were most likely loosing Tomas and he knew that losing his mind would be the ultimate betrayal to his friends, this crap about multiple realities had to stop, this was life now and his dreams were just empty comfort his brain tried to offer up to help his traumatized mind cope a little.
John shifted, he was moving his rifle toward something, he had heard movement to their left.  Peter saw the faint glow come from the scope as John flicked the thermal vision on, he must have found a battery somewhere along the way.  In a dark like this it felt like even that faint light would give them away.  Peter was thankful for the change bringing him out of his internal reverie.
John clicked the safety off, he pushed the bolt forward chambering the round he had ready.  He was ready to fire at something.  Then Peter saw it.
That red glow, coming from about twenty meters up the building.  Drifting around the corner of the room, one of the skeletons.  Its eyes empty black sockets against a background of glowing red.  Flesh and organs still hanging from a few of the bones, the rattling sound as it drifted along the ground
The skeletons defied all reality and always drove them to the edge of their frail sanity.  They just didnt compute in the brain, it didnt make sense how something with no muscle no tissue other than bone and scrap could manage to move about.  This was not what Peter needed as he was trying to determine what was reality and what was dream.  It made him want to retreat to what he was now coming to think of as the true reality.  Walking, glowing skeletons just didnt exist in the real world.  He knew that they couldnt not in a logical world, no matter what kind of radiation and chemicals were used in the war.  The only thing that made even remote sense was nanobot warfare, but even that was a stretch, the technology was only in its infancy and the EMPs would have destroyed it anyway.
The thing turned its head toward them and looked right at them.  Peter stopped breathing, unable to look away.  Johns grip tightened on the trigger.  He knew a gunshot would mean almost certain death at night, attracting all kinds of roving hunters.  To top it off they had no cover and no real defensible position that three of them could hold.  They also didnt know if these things could even be killed, how would one kill a walking skeleton?  
It started to move toward them, that was when Peter noticed that the legs didnt move.  The thing was floating toward them, and Peter saw how it was doing this.  Coming out of the back of the head was a long tendril of red, like a cable lifting it and carrying it.  This thing was connected to something and Peter was pretty sure he knew what.  The skeletons just puppets of the larger conglomeration.
That was when he realized John was about to fire.  He stopped him, placing a calming hand on Johns shoulder.  A gunshot would only give them away, it would do nothing to this thing.  The skeleton was just a feeler attached to the large red roaming ball.  Shooting it was what it wanted, there was no way it could sense them.  It was bait to find other things to consume into the mass.  This made a little more sense to Peter and brought a slight bit of sanity back.
His hand stopped John from firing, but the skeleton continued its slow advance toward them.  John now saw the connection running from the back of the things head and understood why Peter had stopped him.  Still he was not sure, he didnt like the fact that it was coming toward them and that the light it was casting would give their position away to anyone that happened to be looking.
As it floated closer they both pinned themselves as tight as they could to the ground, staying silent, still not sure exactly how these things worked.  They hoped beyond hope that Tomas would not choose now to wake up in agony and that if he did he would manage to keep himself quiet.  The drugs only had to hold a little longer before they could administer another dose that would hopefully keep him completely under.
The skeleton floated over them its toes brushing the ground that lay between them.  The tendril followed, snaking behind floating above the ground.  It kept extending above them as the skeleton kept moving alongside the building, hunting for new prey to add to the mass.  Peter realized that he was still holding his breath and let it out slowly, as silently as he could.  The red light was surrounding them, filling their little bit of cover with shadows that played as the tendril moved.  If that shooter was still out there then they were easy targets right now.  Peter tensed his body ready for the impact of a properly aimed shot.
Suddenly the tendril rushed back, pulling the skeleton with it.  The skeleton was almost horizontal in the air with the speed it was being yanked backward.  Something had caught the attention of the mass.  It passed back overhead and withdrew to where it had come from.  They were again bathed in darkness and Peter shifted out of where he had been lying in case the shooter decided to take a shot in the dark.
The fuck, John whispered.
We need to find cover for tomorrow, Peter whispered back.
Telling me, you got a bit left on watch, make sure you let Alice know what just happened before you send her out, hopefully that thing wont be back, John said.
Whispering to someone in total darkness was odd, like talking to a ghost.  They stopped talking as images of what they had just seen filled their heads.  They didnt want to risk attracting it again.  The adrenaline made Peter feel like he could stay on watch all night but he was still grateful when John nudged him telling him to go to the tent and send Alice out.
The tent was aglow with the soft light from the stick hanging in the center.  Alice was sleeping on the floor beside Tomas, but she woke when Peter entered.  The tent offered a barrier for their voices, still they had to keep as quiet as possible.
How is he? Peter asked, looking at Tomass face trying to see it through the lenses in his mask.
Still sleeping, he shifted a bit a while ago but then again I kind of passed out for a bit there, she said.
Well its good you got some rest, its going to be a long night and we still have tomorrow to survive, Peter said.
Dont I know it, Alice was grabbing her gear for her watch and loading a few rounds into her rifle.  They never kept them fully loaded, but always kept rounds close in case they had to use them.
So before you head out there, Peter began, you should know what we just went through.  One of those skeletons is moving around, it floated right over us.
Floated? 
Yeah, turns out they are attached to that red mass thing by a tendril.  The skeletons are just feelers out looking for more to add.
Did you see the large thing again?
No, I think the tendrils must be kilometers long or something because there was no glow in the distance, Peter said, realizing that if the tendrils were that long this thing was starting to take over the earth.  Soon the planet would be a red glowing glob.
Well shit, Alice said, coming to realize the implications of kilometer long tentacles with skeleton feelers at the end.
Yeah, its gone now, and for all I know I just couldnt see the larger glow because I was surrounded by the light from the thing right in front of me, Peter said with a slight laugh.  He had to try to believe that because otherwise he would start to slip a little more into the growing pit of total loss of sanity.
Well wish me luck then, and keep an eye on him, she motioned to Tomas, we can at least try to make him comfortable.  That way if he does, she stopped, well just keep an eye on him okay.
Alice left before Peter could say anything else.  With the tent closed up and the soft footfalls of Alice heading to where John was stationed Peter felt the day catch up with him.  He fell into the bed that Alice had been using, but before he let himself sleep he took stock of where the pain killers were.  He hoped that Tomas would be able to tough it out enough that so that they could use only half a jar at a time and that way he could have a slightly longer term pain management regimen.
With the dose of morphine staked on top of the IV dose they had given him Peter guessed Tomas wouldnt start coming round for at least another hour.  That gave him a nice solid rest and he planned to use it.
He started falling into the dream when he woke with a start.  He was panicking, he didnt want to enter that dream.  He wanted to have something normal to dream about, wanted to have a different dream.  He needed a different dream, he needed it to determine that this really was reality he was currently inhabiting.  If he had that same dream again then he would lose it for real.  He needed to know where reality started and in the state his mind was in now he hoped for just that small comfort.
Still he couldnt just will himself to dream something else.  Not that he could sleep now, the fear of losing his mind was enough to keep him up.  His body was screaming at him to sleep but his brain was not letting him get there.  He hoped Tomas would wake up so that he could have a distraction, have something to do so he didnt feel like he was wasting potential sleep time.
But Tomas stayed in his drug coma, fitfully moving, groaning but not coming fully awake.  He needed to be conscious in order to take the dose of pain medicine.  That was all Peter could really do to help him, and he realized that it was selfish to wish that Tomas woke just for his own sanity.  Tomas would wake into a world filled with pain, filled with horror.  Peter would just have to take the chance and let himself fall into that dream world.  On the positive side it was a much nicer place then this and he could see them all there, all of them happy, all of them trying to change the place for the better instead of just trying to live.  Even if it was beginning to wear on his sanity Peter could accept the cost.  If reality was crap why not indulge in a little escape when it was offered.
His alarm was still whining, he was tired and sore from his adventure yesterday.  His body was not used to that much moving.  He flopped his arm over the red digital face of the clock and turned the alarm off.
The bed springs groaned in tandem with him as he sat up to face the day.  The depression he normally felt in the mornings was lessened by the memories of the night previous.  He now had a purpose, something to do with his life other than just work and live.  Still that dream was dogging him, or was it a dream?  It felt so real but that feeling of reality only faded as the day wore on.  Still it was feeling real for longer each day, what was to stop him thinking that the dream was reality and this was the dream.  But that was not a productive way to think, that kind of thinking got one locked up and medicated to the point of zombification.  To the point where you just killed yourself because there was nothing better to do.  Or because of the medication they fed you, Peter made a note to spend some effort and time researching how the mental health industry worked.  It just seemed to revolve around whether one was dreaming approved dreams or not.
He tumbled out of bed and stumbled to the kitchen to make his breakfast.  His legs felt stiff, his joints filled with glass and salt.  He was really not accustomed to exercise, maybe hunting for a book would get him a little more in shape.
That dream still followed him, Tomas was badly hurt.  On deaths door level of hurt.  They were pinned down and just in a terrible spot in general.  And what was with that red conglomeration, a mental metaphor for corporate takeover?  The whole dream was something that could take tons of analysis.  It also helped that he remembered everything about it, like it was a real memory not just the fading kind of dream memory.  There was also that bit of Tomas, Alice and John actually existing in this world that had him a little concerned.  Elements of real and fake were slipping, like gears on a crumbling assembly line.
Still, compared to the hell he had just escaped this reality was nice.  A little boring and hellish in a different way but at least his friend wasnt dying in a tent leaving him with two other companions in a blasted out world.  At least this reality had a little more safety, the domes would last at least until he died a comfortable death.  He pitied the next generation though and the hell they were going to face when the food shortages and resources started to go away.  When the truce between domes wore thin and all-out war started to rage.  He was glad that he was going to dodge that, although it did make this little information club thing seem kind of pointless.
Even if they compiled and stored all the controversial information on the net, even if they rescued all the books what was the point when in a hundred years this whole thing would come crashing down.  The world outside the domes was almost as bad as the one from his dream, the difference being that there was no red mass roaming around taking over the earth as the new dominant life form.
They had to find a plan beyond merely collecting information, beyond simple storage and slow recruitment of new people.  He knew he was just a rookie to this operation that Alice had dragged him into, but he already felt that it was not strong enough, that it lacked teeth.  They needed to start using the information they were gathering to actually effect some kind of change.  Maybe start waking people up to the fact that they were just robots in a system built to control them. Get people to see how unsustainable the whole world had become, get them to see that the dome was already failing, that soon the whole thing would come crashing down and humanity would go extinct.  Get them to sacrifice some comfort and entertainment in order to actually build a society that could survive and prosper, a society where everyone was equal and everyone was safe.  A society built upon shared labor and sacrifice, not one built on the back of the perpetual lower class.  They had to actually get a little more radical with their supposed revolution.
That would take a lot of risk though, and risk usually scared people off.  It was scaring Peter off, he was a little worried about the risk, about the level of work something that would take.  He also knew that the people were impossible to convince, there was no way they could compete against constant enjoyment and pleasure.  There was no point in thinking about the future, not when the current generation would be mostly dead by the time everything fell apart.  What did they care, as long as they were happy and comfortable now why risk changing that when there was nothing to lose by keeping it?
Peter decided to spend his day off reading through all the information they had shared with him last night.  It would help give him an idea on what exactly he was to look for when he went out scouring the net.  He only had one day off a week, but that was seen as a luxury to most people.  The lower classes got one day off a month if they were lucky, and that was only provided because it encouraged more consumption as people spent a lot more on their days off.  People didnt have much bargaining power as they had to compete against bots in order to convince those in charge that hiring humans was still necessary.  Robots didnt need days off, and although the cost of developing new ones was often extremely high, they could end up being cheaper in the long run.  So there was the need to keep showing your employer your value, how you would be less expensive than a robot and still get the same amount of work done.  Peter felt horrible for those people and how they had to live such a hard life.  Still they spent the most per capita on dreams, most likely because that was the only time they had for escape.  They literally lived to sleep, it was the only thing that kept them going.
Spending so much money the day before meant that Peter now had to watch what he ate for the next little bit.  He would have to put himself on rations until he got paid, so todays breakfast would be some vegetable paste and water.  That with a few appetite suppressing pills and vitamins would be enough to keep him going until lunch.  He didnt need a lot of food on his days off, especially when he was just going to be sitting reading through the files they had shared last night.  
He did have a headache from the hunger although it was slight.  He also felt like he hadnt slept in weeks, but that was due to the dreams.  He found himself longing for the boost they fed him at work.  It always made him feel a little better even on his worst days.
He sat on the couch and opened up the information he had been given and decided to start going through what Alice had found first.  It seemed the most relevant considering his thoughts about expanding their little rebellion.  He remembered her saying that it had something to do with failed rebellions of the past.  The best way to learn how to do something better was to look at where people had gone wrong before and improve from there.  So Peter began sifting through it.
They were not the first ones to try to change the dome, not by a long shot.  The fact that so many had failed before them was probably the reason why the others seemed so reluctant to make their movement more active, to be more revolutionary with it.  All the ones that had done that in the past had been put down almost as soon as they gained any momentum.  The leaders were locked up in asylums and never heard from again any recruits they had managed to gather were chemically shut down and returned to their families to act as a warning to any other would be revolutionaries.  Their brains turned to mush by overdoses of psychotropic meds.
Peter started reading from the first attempt fifty years ago.  He wondered why Alice would share this information with all of them as they attempted to start their own movement.  Maybe as some kind of a warning to be careful, maybe because she had just found it and wanted them all to see that they were not alone in wanting to make a change, but that they were taking a huge risk.
The leader of the first movement was named Veronica and she started a small group to protest the limits being placed on reproduction in the dome.  It started peaceful enough, with a few rallies and political pushing.  This was before the dream machines had really come into full being and people were more connected to what was going on in the dome.  There were more people who actually cared what happened, so it was easier to get large numbers to protests.
The grounds of their movement was that the limits on how many children one could have were becoming tantamount to eugenics.  With only desirable people being allowed to breed, the rich, the good looking, the powerful, the majority race.  Lower classes and minorities were sterilized against their will by placing chemicals in the water supplies to those parts of the dome.  
Peter knew about birth limits and he knew from the way things were today that they had changed.  The upper classes realized that if the lower classes didnt breed then there would be no workforce to do the menial jobs.  With the invention of the dream machines the lower classes could be easily controlled so the birth limits were lifted to where every couple was allowed to have two children.  Any extra children meant that the couple had to pay a higher tax, and when they often lived pay check to pay check a higher tax was incentive enough to get sterilized after the second child was born.
Back then though there was no easy way to keep the lower classes under control and the fear of them rising up and taking over the dome was rampant among those in power.  So this Veronica woman, a middle class person who was allowed to breed if she wanted to, took a stance against it.  At the risk of her own freedom she fought for the rights of people other than her.
The protests started to get larger and larger, with more and more lower class people understanding the message of the protest and joining in.  Slowly the protests became violent and started to evolve into the lower class uprising that the upper crust had feared.  That was when the crackdown happened.
From what Peter could see that was the most violent period in the domes history.  He had never even heard of it, like it was wiped from the face of history.  Even people who had been alive to witness it never talked about it, it was something that everyone was silent about.  
The crackdown involved first taking Veronica into custody for inciting violence.  That was where she was brutally tortured, but those torturing her were smart not to damage her face, they had a use for that.  The people rioting in the streets were dispersed with live ammunition.  The bodies of the dead quickly carted away to incinerators where all evidence could be burned.  People went missing during the night and the water supplies of all suspected uprising zones were dosed with lithium, other antipsychotic, antidepressants and anything else they thought would keep the population calm long enough for them to move in and round up any remaining agitators. 
Then they used Veronica, after being tortured, having her family murdered in front of her and dosed heavily with medications that made her more pliable she read a statement on the emergency network for everyone to see.  Her face was made up, her clothes were nice and after a few takes they got what they needed.  Off camera her husband is being held with a gun to his head, giving her more incentive to get her lines right.
She told everyone that the protest was over, that the movement had worked and that everything they had done was worthwhile.  She said that she was in a government building negotiating for the past few days and that was why she had been absent.  She basically read a statement that calmed the people back to where they thought everything was all right, that they had won.  No one really questioned it, and those that might have done so were already safely locked up.  The crackdown was successful, Veronica was never heard of again and everyone calmed down.
Shortly after this the dream machines were released and the movements and revolutions that came about after those were given to the public were much smaller and posed much less risk to those in power.
There was one where the people tried to take the government by force.  This was difficult and was also why many of the violent revolutions were put down faster than the more underground less violent ones.  All the weapons were in the hands of those who held the power.  The people couldnt arm themselves and thus violent revolution was impossible.  In the dome the reason given for taking away the ability of a populace to arm itself was due to the safety of the dome as a structure.  Stray bullets posed a danger to the dome, according to those that were in control, and thus only police and military could use them.
Peter knew this was a lie as the thickness of the dome was enough to repel rocket attacks, so a small caliber firearm would pose no risk to it.  If that was really the case then even the cops wouldnt be allowed to use them because there was always the potential for a stray shot.  There were other reasons given as well, like there was no need to have weapons to hunt with as there was nothing to hunt, and for home defense they were unnecessary as most of the dome was under constant surveillance.
But this particular armed revolt managed to get its hand on a small stock of guns and ammunition.  Most likely through black market dealings with the police and military, using money to grease the hands of some desperate low ranking individuals.  
Just having firearms meant nothing when no one was trained on how to use them.  The people had been disarmed for so long that the only way to learn how to use a gun was through official government channels and only if it was required for a job.  So the revolutionaries were armed but poorly trained.
They still tried, and they got pretty far.  They managed to take the lower floors of the central hub building.  Holding some low level bureaucrats hostage and working their way up the floors.  Every floor in that building was protected by military forces and as one got higher the tighter the protection got.  Soon the attackers found themselves at a stalemate and had to hold their position.  They were rapidly flanked and all killed in the ensuing counterattack.  The hostages were lost as well but that was only a tiny blow to the government as people were easily replaced.
Those two movements were the two that gained the most ground before being crushed, they were the two that became the most visible and caused the most change.  The underground movements were often just a quick paragraph description of a few people getting together and starting some kind of anti-corporate, anti-government group.  This group would be quickly brought down from within by the use of a mole or some other agent.  The participants put into a mental institution and never heard from again.
Peter figured that was how this little thing would end for them.  That was unless they got a little more active while still keeping a firm grip on who they brought into the group.
It was at this point as he was working toward the most recent movements, the paragraphs progressively shorter, that he started to see a pattern.  The small groups were often started by a government agent to draw out anyone who might be abnormal in the system.  There was no infiltration happening by moles, that would be too much work, instead a mole started a group and rounded a few people up with promises of change and existing alongside others like them.  Then, when the mole thought he had enough people rounded up he reported them all and men in black suits took them away in the middle of the night.  It was a perfect way to keep control on the populace.
If that was the case then that meant that Peter had been roped into a group that was going to lead to him being taken.  That meant that there was already a mole in the group, and he was almost certain it was Alice, she was the one who had recruited him.  Then again he could just be acting paranoid.  He could not be sure.
It didnt make sense though, because they were all brothers in arms, comrades, bonds forged in battle and all that.  At least that was how it was in his dream.  He trusted them because of his dream, and for some reason he felt that that should apply to the current situation.  There was no way one of them would betray the others, they were a united front against insanity.
Despite this he knew, or hoped, that his dream was only a dream.  Due to that he would have to be cautious, have to watch all of them for any subtle sign that one of them could be an agent.  He had no idea what to watch out for, anything suspicious, or anything too normal, he was unsure what would warrant suspicion.  If one of them was an agent that meant that maybe they used the dream machines which should be obvious enough.  At least he hoped it would be.  Something about the deadness of a persons gaze when they used the machines, it was like they had lost their soul to the artificial dream.
Having finished reading through everything Peter returned to the kitchen to eat something to keep himself from passing out.  He was wondering how he was going to manage to survive until he could afford more food.  Hunger always made him feel a little panicky, a little off baseline, above reality.  He could feel it slipping at the edges when the lack of food drove his body chemistry a little off.
Maybe that was why he saw a familiar red glow outside of his window.  He stood and stared out, too shocked to move.  His dream was bleeding into reality and this time it was something a little more dangerous, something a little more obviously not real.  If that conglomeration was here then people would be reacting to it, people would be getting crushed under it.  It would also drive Peter over the edge, because there would no longer be a way to determine which reality was the most sane.  He stared mesmerized, terrified.
The glow grew larger, soon the thing would be coming into sight, coming from behind the large building that Peters apartment stared out toward.  He prepared himself for reality to collapse.  Then it happened, he blinked, and it was gone.  A trick of hunger, his body unable to support proper thought patterns any longer.
It was there though, he was sure of it.  Maybe the glow had just been blocked.  He rushed to his window, his paralysis over, and looked out, scanning for any sign of a red glow.  There was nothing, just the neon sign blinking a few floors down.
Splinters were spreading through his mind, things were falling apart.  He had to try to pull himself together, had to try to stop this absurdness, this idea of his dream entering his reality.  It was madness and he knew it, so why was he letting himself embrace it, why was he indulging himself.  He had to ignore these things and just realize that this was all a dream.  No.  That wasnt right, this was the reality, dreams happened when he slept and he was awake now.  At least it felt like he was awake, but then again it felt like he was awake when he was in that other world.
Maybe he just had to embrace both as reality and try to enjoy the reality he was currently living in.  He had to admit that despite the need for some changes it was better than the other one.  But what if this one was the dream and he got comfortable in it and then stopped dreaming it?  That would mean that he would be stuck in the blasted hell-scape of the other reality, the one where Tomas was dying.
Peter stepped away from the window.  He needed to get outside, he was thinking too much and it was killing him, his head was spinning.  If only he had some food, he felt that by eating and removing hunger from the equation of his sanity then he would be able to think a little better.  But he had no way to get food short of stealing it.
It had gotten late, the dim light that passed for day was fading.  He had totally lost track of the time.  If he paid half of a meal with cash and the other half with credit then he could actually afford something nice for dinner, something that would fill him up.  He had saved enough by fasting for the whole day that he could manage to make a large dinner fit into the budget.  That would be nice, having some food in his stomach.
He decided to walk toward one of his favorite places to eat.  The difference cooking at home and eating out in terms of price was negligible so eating out was a good financial option.
After he ate he would begin to start looking for a book to add to the collection, he really wanted to see this library that they claimed to have gathered.  He would have to walk over to the dome edge, he only had so many transit vouchers and couldnt afford any extra ones.  The walking and food would help him, they would help solidify him in this reality.  It would be better than sitting home alone in his apartment stewing in uncomfortable thoughts and reading through uncomfortable information.  Going out was a way to escape all that.
His dinner was delicious, hunger adding to the flavor.  Dumping all that food on his empty stomach was not too good though.  It felt like a rock sitting on top of the rest of his organs.  He couldnt move after the pain had transferred along his nerves from his stomach and organs to his brain.  He had already paid and left the restaurant at that point and found himself extremely uncomfortable with nowhere to sit and rest.  He kept moving though, he felt like a new person, like the kind of person who fought through pain and discomfort.  His dream gave him this courage, if he could face down floating skeletons, dangerous snipers, and roving gangs of insane humans then he could deal with a little stomach ache.  If he could walk miles and miles over rough terrain with close to a hundred pounds of gear on his back then he could manage to walk a few kilometers to the edge of the dome.
He was liking this courage that the dream version of himself was giving him.  He could use that to shake up this little information organization that they were organizing and turn it into something more.  He knew that everyone would be on board because they were all united in the other reality.  Or was it better to call it a dream?  He didnt know any more, both things felt equally real so why not just call them reality one and reality two.  That was madness talking though, so calling it the dream would be the best option.
Despite his newfound drive and determination the walk still felt horrendously long.  His body was not as hardened as the dream version of himself.  Years of physical inactivity and poor nutrition slowed him down.  If he was going to start a revolution then he would need to get into shape.  The only problem with that was it was hard to build muscle when he could barely afford to eat.  He would have to find some room in his budget for more food.  Cutting out the high level entertainment package on his screen would free up some money, the problem being that it would also raise suspicion, no one took away from entertainment packages, they only added to them.  Still he needed to eat in order to get into shape in order to start to affect some kind of change in the world.
He had not noticed the subtle changes occurring in the buildings around him.  They were becoming smaller, dirtier, less sophisticated.  He was nearing the edge of the dome.  The constant crowd that filled the roads was thinning.  Out this way people were often too tired and too poor to have any reason to leave the comfort of their constant entertainment of their homes, unless they were going to work.
Now to begin the needle in the haystack search for some kind of printed material.  He had no idea how they wanted him to go about this, it seemed impossible, it would be total luck if he found anything.  He also didnt relish the idea of digging for trash.
He went down a few levels to where the garbage was dumped from the buildings above.  It didnt stink that much, no garbage stank, there was no organic material in it to make it smell.  It was composed of plastics and wrappers and the only things that could pose a threat to his sense of smell would be soiled diapers.  Still digging through garbage looking for a book felt ridiculous, it felt pointless as there was such a small chance that he would find anything.  He knew that there was more work involved then just digging around.  He knew he should be doing some investigating to find the most likely place to find a book, but it was late and he was tired and he just wanted to look and see if he could get lucky.  He was only doing this to distract his mind from the questions of reality that had been plaguing him all day.
There was nothing much in the dumpster he checked, mostly just wrappers from food and other products.  A few broken things, but nothing interesting.  He was beginning to tire of the search, every bag he checked seemed to have the same mix of things in it.  He was not hoping for a book, he knew that would be total luck, but he was at least hoping for something interesting.  He had never gone through trash before so he didnt know what to expect.  Finding nothing should have been what he anticipated, when he thought of the things he threw out he could see that in general trash was pretty boring.
It was the third and last dumpster that he found something.  He was about to give up for the day, bored by the trash.  He would do some research and come back later with more idea of where to look for interesting artifacts.  He was digging through his last dumpster when he saw it.  At first he thought it was some kind of doll, a remnant of when kids played with physical toys.  That could prove to be a little interesting, but when he went to grab it he saw it for what it was.
The premature fetus was horribly deformed, tiny but its eyes were open, like it had been born alive.  He jumped out of the trash bin as fast as he could, revolted and horrified at the find.  The deformity was so bad that the fetus looked barley human, probably for the best that it had not lived.  The chemicals in the air from the leaks in the outer edge of the dome were most likely the cause of the deformity, but Peter has not known it was so bad out this way.
He decided to call it a day and head home, the image of that child seared into his mind.  He never realized that the cost of health care had become so prohibitive to those in the lower classes.  The woman must have had the child at home because a trip to the hospital would mean having to go into an impossible level of debt.  The fact that she had to have known that it was premature probably influenced her decision to stay home, knowing that if she let the child die instead of paying the ridiculous costs associated with saving it she could afford to have another, hopefully healthy kid.
It wasnt easy for the lower classes.  Often they gave birth at home to save the money, this was leading to higher rates of mortality among mothers and newborns.  There was little concern in the higher echelons, the lower class was rapidly becoming unnecessary with the advances in mechanization that were occurring and these deaths were a convenient way to keep the population in check without looking too evil in the process.  Image still meant something, although it didnt matter that much as people had stopped caring about what those in power were doing to them.  As long as they were entertained and amused lifes little tragedies could be ignored.  
The radiation leaks in the outer edges of the dome were also most likely not getting fixed as they were effectively keeping the birth rate down with no action required by the government.  The leaks were still just rumor and speculation, although there was a growing body of evidence on the net that Peter had been following.  He supposed he should start saving that information to share it with the others.
Once he had caught his breath and relaxed a little from the fright he started on his way home.  That terrible find had given him reason enough to no longer hunt in dumpsters for books unless he had some form of evidence that there was a chance of a one being there.
The walk home was easier, his dinner having settled and his stomach nice and calm.  The food had given him a second wind and he felt less like he was dragging himself through the streets.  
Once he got into the apartment he went to his room and retrieved the memory card so that he could add the things he had found about radiation in the outer dome.  He also wrote a little side note about what he had found in the dumpster accompanied with the statistics on mortality among new mothers and children rising in the lower classes that he had dredged from an old productivity report.
The food had helped him to regain a solid grasp on reality.  He felt like it was less slippery, although he could not be sure.  There was still that little bit of something, that little unattached thing floating around in his head.  A memory he knew, or hoped, wasnt real, but there it was.  It felt like living two lives simultaneously almost.  Not simultaneously, because he only lived the other life when he slept, except for the leaks into what was happening now.  He could no longer keep track of it, instead he was choosing to not focus on it, just ignore what was happening and let it all figure itself out.
That was a good plan, but it was becoming more difficult the more consciously he tried to push those thoughts out.  Having no real distractions though made it hard to just ignore what was happening.  It was hard to try to pretend that what was going on was not real.  That didnt mean he couldnt try.
With the information safely saved and encrypted he had nothing to draw himself from his own mind.  He was dreading sleep, not as much because of his fear of losing his reality, but because he knew he was going to lose it and didnt want to enter that world.  The world of pain and horror, the world where his friend was dying.  Even looking at his bed made him feel pangs of nervousness.  Shreds of panic encroaching on his mind.  
He had to sleep though.  Even when he did sleep he looked and felt like a zombie at work.  His productivity was already suffering horribly, he had to keep up appearances as best as he could.  Sleep was terrifying though, so instead he sat in the living room, on his cheap and uncomfortable couch, and watched some of the entertainment.  He still had not unsubscribed from the higher end entertainment package so he decided to try and enjoy it a little before he had it removed from his screen tomorrow.
There was a one of his favorite shows on so he watched that.  The problem was that most entertainment bored him, so it did little to help him stay awake.  This was one of the few shows that didnt make him instantly want to change the channel.

Kill me, Tomas said.
Peter came out of that other world, that other dream.  This was beginning to concern him, the constant switching of realities.  He was losing track of what he was doing in each reality.  It took him a little to remember what was going on.
Im here man, it was coming back to him.  Tomas and his leg.
Just kill me, Im not going to make it, his voice was weak and strained, which was good because they still had to focus on being quiet.
No way, youre going to pull through this, Peter felt like an ass telling such a blatant lie.  Even if he didnt turn into a gibbering idiot from the exposure he had received it was still six weeks of healing, six weeks of potential infection.  After those six weeks there was a lifetime of reduced mobility.  If Tomas made it through he was going to only be a burden on them.  Peter knew this and Tomas knew this.  Still they could not just kill him, not after everything. 
You know damn well whats going to happen, Tomas said.
I know, but we dont work like that, we are not killing you because of this injury, Peter said.
Id do it for you, Tomas said.
Those words stopped Peter.  He was busy preparing a dose of pain medication and he stopped.  He knew that were he in Tomass position he would want to die too.  He had always hoped that they would kill him if he got bad, so why force Tomas to live though this?
I know, Peter said.
Then do it, Tomas said.
No, do you not see how selfish a question youre asking?  Could you?  Could you really kill me?  Kill Alice or John? Could you? Peter said.
Tomas didnt say anything.  He sighed.
No.
Then its not fair to ask us to kill you, Peter said.
I know, but promise me, if I turn Tomas left the rest unsaid.
Yes, if you turn, Peter knew that he could do it then, at that point Tomas would no longer be Tomas.
Thank you, Tomas said.
Peter had finished preparing the next dose of morphine.
Now drink this, itll help with the pain a little, Peter held the bottle to Tomass mask.
Thanks, Tomas downed it eagerly.  Peter knew that it would taste horrible, but he also knew that if he was in that much pain taste would mean little to him.
Tomas fell back to the bed when he was done drinking.  Although not as potent as injecting it the morphine still worked quickly.  His breathing slowed and he slowly drifted back to sleep.
Peter went to turn his screen on to watch some entertainment to help him stay awake in case Tomas needed him.  No, that was the dream, he didnt have a screen, there had never been something like that in this world.  That was the other reality.  Keeping them separate was becoming a little more difficult as they began to assert their reality.  Each one felt like the real one, the only constant between them was himself.  As he lost more sleep the more they began to blend.  
He laid back down, sleep would be impossible now anyway.  Knowing that Tomas was awake would give him reason to stay awake, if only to help comfort him.  He knew the panic would come soon, the fear of losing it to the exposure, the fear of dying from infection.  The fear would overtake him and he would need someone to comfort him.  The warm blanket of morphine could only last so long.
He had seen the panic before, the fear in the face of death.  In those last moments no matter how many people were comforting someone, no matter how much it looked like they were not alone they always were.  Everyone faced the end alone, and this was terrifying.  It could come days before or minutes before, but the true realization of ones mortality always led to fear before the acceptance.
The worst part was that no matter how comforting people tried to be there was only so much they could do.  This was because somewhere in their mind there was the thought of at least it isnt me.  That reassuring thought that kept those who were living from having to face the reality of their eventual fate.
So Peter had to be awake in case Tomas got to that stage where the panic came.  That point where death became real.  So Peter sat up and started to clean his rifle.
He was reassembling the gun when he noticed something.  A slight thrumming sound, it felt like it had been in the background for a while and now he was starting to consciously pick it up.  How long had it been there?  Why was it getting louder?
He wished Tomas was in a better state so he could ask him if he heard it too.  He was not even sure if the sound was real, the tatters of his sanity made him question every sense now.  He finished up with his rifle and made his way out of the tent to ask Alice and John if they heard what he was hearing.  He might look a little unbalanced if they heard nothing though, so he hoped that the sound was real, even though he didnt know what that meant.
He opened the flap of the tent to see the world engulfed in a red glow.  All around them and their little encampment were tentacles of glowing red.  The conglomerations roots, its scouts.  They were everywhere, the red glow almost blinding.
John and Alice were lying perfectly still, squeezed as tight to the ground as they could manage.  Peter froze.  There were no skeletons in the immediate vicinity, so at least they hadnt been spotted yet or so he thought.  There was no way to know, none of them knew how this thing really functioned.  If they hadnt been spotted then why all of a sudden was there so much interest in this particular area of the city.  Why were they totally surrounded by these things?  He had no idea what to do, they couldnt fight their way out of this situation but they also couldnt run with Thomas wounded.
He wanted to reach John and Alice and maybe try to get them all into the tent, make them all less visible and allow them some room to breathe while they waited to make their next move.  The problem with that would be that there was no way to see outside the tent to know if they had been spotted or even to know if they were clear and able to move.
John had seen Peters head sticking out of the tent and made a small motion for him to come over to their position.  He wanted to hold a meeting to discuss what their next moves should be.  At this point, spotted or not, they were ultimately screwed.
So Peter took a deep breath, the rasp of the respirator a familiar sound, something that always accompanied his breathing, something that reminded him of the old window fan at his first apartment.  The one near the edge of the dome.  But that wasnt right, no, his first time living on his own had been on base.  He had never had an apartment, that was his dream.  He had to separate these two realities.  The blending was becoming tiresome, too hard to manage.
As silently as he could he turned and zipped the tent shut behind him, no reason to worry about light escaping but there was no telling how this thing detected life.  He started his crawl over to where Alice and John lay pinned to the ground.
Crawling on his stomach felt wrong, he felt like he was taking his eyes off the enemy.  So he rolled over and made his way over shimmying on his back, it was slower but a little quieter and allowed for him to keep an eye on the moving and shifting tentacles above him.  Some of them dropping so close he stopped and waited for that pressure on his suit as they brushed him.  The instant chaos that would follow contact as everything focused its attention on him and the conglomeration came to skin him alive and add him to the mass.  But the tentacles never made contact and he made it to the slightly safer area where John and Alice were holding.
John immediately silenced him when he reached them, the gesture quick and effective.  He didnt want them talking, but had pulled a pad of paper and a pencil from his jacket pocket.  On it was written: Hows Tomas?
Peter thought the question a little out of place considering their current situation, but wrote back that Tomas was sleeping but had woken up for a little.
Good, now we need to figure out what to do, suggestions? John wrote.
We could hold up in the tent, make ourselves less visible. Peter wrote.
Maybe, these showed up an hour ago and have only been increasing. John wrote.
So what then?  Run? The method of writing everything was slowing their communication and Peter was getting frustrated.  He was a little upset that John had no ideas.  He knew that he shouldnt rely on him for everything, but normally it was John who got them out of situations like this.  
Alice grabbed the pad from Peter, she had been fixated on the tentacles up until this point, but now she wrote: No run, just pack up and move like they arent there, they cant see us.
Peter and John both thought about this.  It could work, the tentacles were ignoring them, they just kind of floated above them supporting some far off skeleton or connected to where ever the conglomeration was.
Nod if all in agreement, John wrote and passed around.  They all nodded in assent to the plan.
Peter was wondering about the logistics of this, packing up and trying to get out of there with an injured man who was half conscious at best.  He couldnt deny wanting to get the hell out of there though so he didnt argue with the plan.  They were all crawling and shuffling to the tent on their backs in the same way that Peter had come.  Although they were planning on standing up eventually they still wanted to put it off as long as they could.  Sort of an old habit with staying in cover when under attack, no bullets were flying but they couldnt break cover, couldnt break the habit.
Once they all reached the tent they stood slowly.  There were no tentacles in the immediate vicinity of the tent, so they relaxed a little.  Not having to dodge weaving and shifting red tentacles gave them all a chance to take a deep breath and prepare for the nightmare that was going to be a part of packing up and moving.
Okay, you guys go prep Tomas and pack up the inside of the tent.  Ill be here making sure none of those get too close, Johns whisper was barely audible over the thrumming sound that seemed to be emanating from the tentacles.
What if they do end up getting too close? Alice asked.
Then I guess Ill jump in the tent and we can all try to wait this out, John said.
They all faced the reality that besides trying to get out of here there was nothing they could do.  They couldnt fight these things and besides waiting and hoping that they moved away they had nothing.  The only option that had a chance of getting them free from this mess any time soon was getting out.
What do we do when we get away from these and the glow?  Its still solid dark out there, Peter said.  He knew there was no way they could travel in the dark carrying a stretcher over rugged terrain.
We will have to worry about that when we get far enough out of the light, for now we have to start moving, John said.
At that Peter and Alice opened the tent as silently as they could manage and crawled inside.  Peter began packing all the items scattered on the tent floor as Alice tried to get Tomas up.
With the last items stowed away all that was left was Tomass bed.
Hes not waking up, Alice said.
I didnt give him a high dose or anything, Peter said.
You think Alice began but Peter stopped her.
Doesnt matter, until he is a rambling manic or dead we are taking him with us, so lets lift him out of here.
Alice nodded her head and they lifted Tomas as gingerly as they could.  Peter wasnt concerned about the leg anymore, he knew that Tomas could feel nothing.  He didnt want to cause any undue suffering, especially as it looked like he was drifting off into one of those insane things that used to be human.  Into what most of humanity had succumbed to already.
With Tomas on the ground outside the tent Peter pulled out the rest of the supplies from inside.  He could see that the tentacles were slowly moving closer and closer to their position.  John had already begun disassembling the tent, and almost had it down even before Peter had organized and packed everyones bag.
John was fashioning the tent into a makeshift stretcher.  Alice had jumped in to help, Peter started trying to wake Tomas to make it a little easier to get him onto the stretcher.
He could tell that the change was happening, it was obvious from the twitching that was occurring throughout Tomass body.  If he could see inside the mask covering Tomass face he would see a face contorted in pain, yet unconscious, drenched in sweat and burning with fever.  Once his eyes re-opened they would be rolling and shifting, his pupils dilated to the point of his eyes looking black.  Then he would try to kill whoever was closest to him.  The infected always attacked the non-infected, rarely did they attack one another.  They must have some kind of intelligence left to be able to distinguish that much.
Dont bother guys, Peter said.
What? John asked.
With the stretcher, dont bother.  Hes turning, I couldnt see it in the tent, but out here.  Look at the twitching, youve seen it before, Peter said.  It was hard, hard to try to convince his friend to leave them and his friend behind.  But they all knew what was going on, they all knew that there was nothing they could do.  Still it was hard to let go, hard to abandon him until he was totally changed.  
Maybe its just an infection and he has a fever, John said.  Peter was not used to him being so weak.  Normally he would make the tough calls, not look for a way out.  Not when it was so obvious that there was no hope for Tomas.
No John.  Hes changing and we all know it, Alice said.
I know, but I cant leave him, John said.  Peter couldnt be sure because they were all talking just enough to be heard, but it sounded like John was sobbing.
Im tired of losing men, Im tired of all this, Im tired of everything, John sat down.
We all are, but thats no excuse to quit, Peter said.
Im not quitting, I just cant lead anymore.  The wars over, and I dont have to lead anymore, so Im done, John said.
Understandable, Alice said.
What are we going to do though? Peter asked.
Pack the tent, get out of here, leave Tomas, Alice said.
But I promised him, Peter trailed off.
Promised him what?
That if he turned Id kill him, Peter said.
No ones going to hold you to that man, John said.
Yeah, and right now we need to get out of here.  Tomas would have wanted us to live, he would understand that we couldnt kill him, especially in the current situation, Alices voice was rushed and harsh.
Okay then lets move, John said stuffing the tent into his pack having given up on the stretcher.
It was then that Peter saw out of the corner of his eye an approaching red, a tentacle making its way toward him, approaching him slowly and lazily but close enough to make him duck.  It swooped overhead and they all dodged it with ease.  As Peter stood back up something grabbed his leg.  He was ready to bolt at what he thought was one of the tentacles gripping him.  He managed to stifle the scream and looked down to see that it was Tomas, his hand around Peters ankle.
A garbled scream rose from Tomas, he had changed, he was now one of the roamers.  Peter shook off his hand with ease, just because he was now a roamer didnt mean he was no longer weak and injured.  Tomas still couldnt move and the drugs still had him in a daze which was why his screaming and crying was so quiet.  He was still being too loud for their intended stealth, but none of them could look away.  They were all going through an internal goodbye, debating what to do with Tomas now, figuring if they should kill him and how.
The thrumming seemed to get louder, maybe the tentacles were detecting something, maybe they could sense what was going on around them and under them.  Peter could no longer stand it, they had to get out of here and they had to kill Tomas, there was no way they could leave him like this.  If no one else was going to do it then Peter supposed he would have to.
Im sorry, he said as he crouched down and tore off Tomass mask.  Seeing his face for the first time in years, for the first time since he had re-entered this reality.  It looked just like the Tomas in the other reality, it was bringing back that reality, making it more real, making it feel like it was taking over.  His face young and hairless, chemicals in the food prevented hair growth to keep the masks effective, Thomas looked exactly as Peter remembered from the dome.  No.  He had to stay focused, had to stay here, couldnt retreat to the dream, after this there was still a giant alien conglomeration to escape.
Tomass face was contorted with rage, he was thrashing back and forth, hitting Peter, trying to bite and choke and kill Peter.  He was too weak to prove much of a threat though and Peter kneeled on his arms, pinning them to the ground.  He slid his hands down to Tomass throat and squeezed as hard as he could, hoping to make this as quick as possible.  He felt the trachea collapse under his gloved hands, he could see Tomass face changing colour as the air was cut off to his body.  He had to keep reminding himself that he was not killing Tomas, that Tomas was already dead.  He was just killing a roamer.  He tried to convince himself of this but it wasnt working, he was killing his friend.  Even knowing that Tomas would have wanted this he could not make himself feel any better.
As the thrashing slowed and stopped and Tomass eyes rolled back Peter kept on, he wanted to make sure that Tomas was dead.  He knew that he was a tough bastard and he didnt want him coming back, just in case somewhere in that garbled and scrambled mind the old Tomas remained.  He didnt want Tomas to see what he had become, he wanted to put him out and make sure he stayed out.  So he kept on, out of desperation he kept on, out of loss, out of fear, because he couldnt stop, because he was losing his mind, tears burning in his eyes, this stupid fucking war, this stupid life, both stupid lives, he kept on.  He kept on for everything Tomas had done for him, for all the times he had saved all their asses, for all the times he volunteered to put himself in harms way for them, for everything he had ever done, he kept on.  He kept on because Tomas was a hero and a hero didnt deserve to become a monster.
He kept pressing until two familiar and reassuring hands pulled him off.  John and Alice, they all embraced each other in an awkward group hug, looking at Tomass body.  Alice walked over and gently closed his eyes, smoothing out his contorted face.  Then they all started walking, heading toward an area that looked dark, that looked free of this red.  Moving forward in silence, moving forward together.
Peter didnt know how long they walked and picked their way through the dark.  He was in a daze, in shock, since it was so dark he could see nothing in front of him so Tomass face kept entering his mind.  He was following the others by sound alone, they were talking, he felt for his benefit, about nothing.  Just talking to make noise and make it easier to follow them.  They knew that Peter was in no condition to do anything but follow.  They could hear him moving noisily behind them, they knew he was there.  If they could stop moving and set up camp then they would but it was too dark, they couldnt be sure if where they set up camp or where they stopped would be safe, so they had to keep going.  Until there was some grey daylight they had to keep moving.  Peter knew this, he knew that he did what was right, but he still couldnt shake the horrible feeling that was consuming him.
He had killed his friend, he had watched his friend die, he had seen his friend change into one of those things.  All because of a sniper taking a pot shot at them and running when he realized that they could return fire.  He had to have run because they had not received any more incoming fire.  Peter wanted to get that sniper under him, he wanted to get his hands around that persons neck and squeeze the life from them, he wanted to watch that person die.  There were so many things he wanted now, he wanted anything that would make him feel better.  He just wished there was an easy way to make himself feel better, to make everything horrible that had happened better.  There was no easy way though, he was going to have to cope.  Seeing Tomas in that other reality would make things better, he knew that, seeing Tomas alive would make losing him here easier to deal with.  If only they could find a place to set camp so that he could sleep.
They kept moving on, kept the fallen building on their side, mostly by feel.  It was easier to travel the closer they were to the building because the ground around the impact point was clearer as the rubble from the fall had been pushed out further.  It was not easy going, and after what felt like hours looking behind them they could still see the glow of where their camp had been.  The tentacles were still moving around over there.
Moving was becoming easier, and Peter was having trouble figuring out why.  It was then that he realized that he could actually see the ground he was walking on, he could actually see Alice and John walking in front of him.  The sun was providing a slight grey glow, giving them just enough light to move.
Alice and John moved into a room in the building.  It was empty and the only entrance was the small window that they had just crawled in through.  Peter could see that this would be a safe place to set up camp.  He was beginning to snap out of his shock, after all Alice and John had lost a friend too, just because he had to kill Tomas didnt make his loss any more powerful than the loss they were feeling.
We setting up here? he asked.  It was the first thing he had said since he had killed Tomas, and this kind of startled Alice and John, but they were glad to see that Peter was talking again.
Yeah, seems safe enough, Alice said.
Good, Im okay to take first watch if you guys want to sleep, I know you have been up much longer then I have, Peter offered.  He felt selfish now for wallowing in his self-pity when Alice and John were going off less sleep then he was.  He also had another way to see Tomas again, and to his knowledge they didnt.  Knowing that Tomas was still alive somewhere gave Peter a little hope, knowing that in some other reality he was going to be seeing Tomas again gave him energy.  It also made him feel bad for his friends who didnt have that option. 
If you think youre up to it, John said.
Yeah I dont mind taking watch, Alice said.
No, really, you guys need to rest.  Im taking first watch, Peter knew that they were going to be too tired to argue with him and that they would let him have it.
If youre sure, John said.  He was already unpacking his sleep gear.
Wake me if you need to, Alice said.
They were both sleeping before Peter had even set up his position by the door.  He knew that they were depressed by Tomass death, but he also knew how they all dealt with these kinds of things.  It was just something to shelve in your head and deal with when you got the chance.  The problem was that they never got the chance to deal with their problems and the shelves in their heads were getting pretty full.
Back on watch, he didnt know what good he would be against that conglomeration if it showed up again.  There was nothing he could do other than wake them up.  He didnt like their position as it didnt have an alternate way out, if something happened and they had to run they would have to fight their way out the door.  The safety of having one entrance was at the expense of only having one exit.  
It felt nice to be on a daytime watch, it gave him something to actually look at, night watch was just staring into darkness for a few hours.  Night watch felt totally useless because roamers and other non-conglomeration threats didnt move at night.  The conglomeration was their only real threat at night and there was no real way to combat that.  At least with daytime watch he felt more useful, actually being able to see potential threats and engage them if necessary.  He hoped that he would see the fucker that had shot at them so he could return the favor.  Only he wouldnt miss.
Not that he would know if the person was really the ass that had killed Tomas, the only way to know would be if he was carrying some kind of rifle.  Every survivor carried a rifle though, there was no way to be a survivor without one, so he knew that realistically there would be no way to tell.  Then again, most survivors were out to kill other survivors for supplies and food so he would probably have to kill the person anyway, hopefully it would end up being the same person. 
The day was now as bright as it was going to get.  A soft snow was falling, accumulating on the frozen ground.  It was almost pretty, almost.  The fact that every snowflake was contaminated with untold amounts of radiation and left over chemicals from the war off set the beauty of the scene a little.  He supposed in its own way the blown out buildings and remnants of conflict were beautiful.  In a sick and confused way the fact that the world had ended was almost poetic, almost something to admire.  The fact that humans had managed to drive themselves to extinction was admirable, it was something that went against millions of years of evolution.  Self destruction always held a dark beauty.
He scanned the buildings surrounding them, set back inside the shadows of the room they were in he would be invisible to any potential on-lookers.  Sight was only the secondary sense that he used while on watch, sound was the most important.  In a world that had gone almost totally silent anything that made a noise, any sound above the sound of the wind would attract his attention.  Sight didnt matter as much, it was always dark and shadowy with shifting light making it impossible to tell what was real and what was merely shadow in the distance. 
It also wouldnt make sense to engage a target in the distance unless they were acting hostile or aiming a gun their way or approaching them.  Attracting attention to where you were hiding was always a bad idea.  The only problem was that Peter was actively scanning for anything that could be someone.  He wanted revenge and at this point he was going to shoot first and ask questions later.  He wouldnt wait for signs of aggression.
He was comfortable killing every survivor that could hold a gun just on the off chance that one of them might be the one who had shot at Tomas.  He had to sleep or he was going to make some bad decisions, rage was slowly taking over the sense of loss he was feeling.  Rage was beginning to drive him and was clouding his already tired and shattered mind.
With visions of Tomass face flashing through his mind he watched the silent snow, fall gently to the ground.  There were a few centimeters now, it would make moving more difficult and dangerous, slipping and falling was hard enough to avoid on the jagged and sloped ground, adding a coating of snow didnt help.  Following a snowflake on its gentle descent to the ground Peter saw something move in the shadow of an upper room in a building across the street.
He focused on it, grabbing Johns gun for the scope.  He trained it on the room and waited to see if he could see anything move again, to see if there was something human moving about up there.  He scanned the adjacent rooms on the same floor in case the person was moving between them.  Scanning back to the room where he had first seen the movement he saw a slight glimmer.  It was the reflection off someones mask, the eye piece of a cheaper civilian model.  
This could be the person who had shot at them, then again it could just be a lone survivor looking for supplies or a safe place to rest.  He wanted to take the shot anyway, he had a clean one lined up.  The scope had an auto-spot and adjust program, which made making long distance kills easy for the lone shooter.  It was standard on every scope and all the shooter had to do was properly lead a target if they were moving.  The fact that the person who had shot at them missed indicated someone who had little or no experience firing a gun.  This would mean they were probably a civilian, which would mean they would be wearing a cheap civilian model gas mask.
This still didnt mean that the person he was currently debating on killing was the one who had indirectly killed Tomas.  He hadnt even seen a gun yet, no he wouldnt take the shot, he was going to wait.  He was going to wait until he could find a reason to shoot, until there was something that gave him reason to think this was their shooter.  The fact that they would have to move and find a different camp after he shot also discouraged him from being too fast on the trigger.
He would wait until the person moved, if they had a scoped rifle he was going to take the shot and kill them, damn the consequences.  He didnt even care if they were innocent in the whole matter, he would rather kill an innocent person then let the one who had killed Tomas get away.  
Where was the closure on that though?  He thought, if he killed this guy how would he ever know that it was the guy that had shot at them?  He would never find justice by killing innocent people, he had to find a way to be sure that it was this person that had shot at them.  He decided to see if this guy was going to move then he would find a way to reach where he was and do a little interrogating.  The guy seemed to be alone and seemed to be a civilian so he would be easy enough to get the jump on as long as Peter was careful moving across the empty street and making his way up to the eleventh floor of the building.  That was where he had determined this guys location to be, if he didnt move in five minutes he was going to leave his post and find him.
Waking John or Alice was not an option, they would try to stop him, not wanting any unnecessary noise or killing.  The movement and effort involved in waking them might also alert this guy to their position and that would ruin his chance of getting up close.  No he was going to have to leave the camp unguarded for a half hour at most if he was going to get some potential closure.  If the person wasnt the one who had shot at them then if he seemed peaceful enough Peter would let him live after knocking him out.  They didnt need any inexperienced civilians slowing them down and putting them at risk.
He did briefly consider that the guy was setting up a sniper post and was watching the street below for movement.  If that was the case then Peter would know for sure that the person was dangerous when bullets started flying.  From what he could see through the scope though it looked like the guy was just moving around in that room, possibly setting camp or possibly looking for supplies.
Peter was watching his every move, he was too far away and the scope was too low power to see exactly what he was up to in the room.  All he could see was that the guy was moving, still he hadnt seen a rifle yet.  That didnt rule anything out in terms of this being the shooter, still Peter was starting to feel that maybe taking the risk of heading over there might not be worth it.
Eventually the guy stopped moving and stood at the window, he surveyed the ground below and the buildings around him.  Peter had a perfect shot, a beautiful shot, but still he didnt take it he wanted to be sure.  It would also feel better killing the guy up close then with a long range shot like this.  He also didnt want to risk killing an innocent, even though he felt that there were none of those left, his rage had subsided enough for him to realize that wanton killing was not a way to remember Tomas.  Everyone else in the world had turned into either a roamer or a scavenger killing without asking questions just to survive.  He felt that they were still above that, that Tomas had been above the senseless death, killing in his memory would only tarnish it.
The guy sat down and turned away from the window, it seemed like he was planning on spending a lot of time up there so Peter decided to make his move.  It was the middle of the day so the chances of the guy sleeping were slim, the fact that he was staying in one place so long was already kind of odd.
Peter stood up and started moving across the open street.  It was strewn with rubble from the downed building and moving was difficult.  He also had to stay low and go carefully to not attract any attention to himself.  He kept checking the guys position through the scope to make sure he wasnt looking down.  Getting spotted would complicate this entire thing.  He also had to keep an eye on the door to their camp to make sure nothing was creeping in on John and Alice.
Eventually he made it to the base of the building the guy was in.  Now he had the stair to try to climb up as silently as he could.  The guy couldnt know he was coming, even if he was innocent in the whole situation that didnt mean he wasnt dangerous.  He was most likely dangerous and getting the jump on him was the only way Peter could be sure to get this over with as easily and silently as possible.  He was tired of being the one getting surprised all the time.
When he was a few floors away he moved up the stairs as slowly and quietly as he could manage.  His best hope was that this guy was a civilian and lacked the ear tuned to the sound of movement developed by years in the trenches.  Slowly he stalked down the hall to the room he had seen the guy in.  The door was open, it was the only door open in the hall-way, a mistake that assured Peter that this guy was indeed a civilian.
He glanced into the room, the entrance was a hall.  From what he could remember, the guy was at the window on the right.  All the doors were open in the apartment so he could not be sure.  He was also close so every movement had to be totally silent.  Any noise would stand out up here where the only sound was the light wind blowing past the building.
Peter made his way down the hall, every step being placed carefully on the ground in front of him.  His rifle raised and pointed toward where his eyes were locked, on the two doors at the end.  If he saw the guy come from either one he would shoot, at this point he was too strung up to do anything else.  The adrenaline was surging in his head, pushing him to just sprint down the hall.  He had to fight against that urge and move slowly, he didnt want to screw this up when he was so close.  This was almost enjoyable, he always liked stealth movement and confrontations, it gave one a sense of power and the fear of getting caught evoked memories of hide and seek as a child.  The only thing detracting from his enjoyment was the very real risk of death that hung over this whole operation.  He still couldnt shake the enjoyment he got from getting the drop on an enemy.
He reached the threshold of the door, pinned himself to the wall on the right.  He could see into the other room slightly and it looked like it was empty, there were no objects on the ground and the dust didnt even look like it had been moved.  So he stepped back and looked in the opposite room, there in the center of the floor sat the guy he had been stalking.  The guy looked up and saw Peter, he went to move.
Dont, Peter almost yelled, he didnt like talking too loud anymore and the volume in his voice was almost foreign to him.
Stand up and hands up, Peter ordered, he was going through the same routines involved in taking a prisoner of war, though at the end they had stopped that it had switched to strictly kill on sight.
Please dont kill me, the first thing the man said came out as hardly a whisper.
Well Im going to ask some questions and that will decide how this ends, Peter said.
They were a few rifle lengths apart, Peter pointing his gun at the mans chest, the man with his hands in the air begging for his life.
Wheres your gun? Peter asked.
Dont have one, the man said.
Bullshit, everyone has a gun, Peter said.
I dont, really I dont, the man sounded terrified but almost resigned, like this was how he had expected to die.
What are you doing up here? Peter asked, not really believing the thing about not having a gun, but there was nothing in sight.
Well, this is where I lived before the war, wanted to see how it had faired, The man said.
Doesnt look like it did so well, Peter said.
Nothing did well in that war, so are you going to kill me or take my stuff or what, the terror had turned into pure resignation.
Im looking for a guy who shot my friend, Peter didnt feel like explaining the whole situation to this guy.  He was starting to think that he was just an innocent civilian, the more he talked the less it seemed like he could manage a gun, let alone take a shot at someone.
I havent shot anyone, the man said.
Move over to the window and place your hands on the sill, Im going to search your stuff and if I dont find a gun you can be happily on your way, Peter said, wanting to make sure this guy checked out before leaving him here.
The man moved over to the window.  Peter started rooting through the large bag on the floor, keeping an eye on the guy.  That was when he heard the shot.
He ran to the window and looked toward their camp.  While he had been making his way up here a pack of roamers had stumbled into the camp and were in the process of attacking John and Alice.
Shit, shit shit, Peter pushed the man aside and started shooting the roamers.  The scope and the semi-automatic action of the gun allowed him to make five quick kills.  Still there were more moving around down there and he couldnt get a shot on the inside of the room where he could hear a gun going off and see the muzzle flash against the darkness.  He pegged off the last few roamers he could see before sprinting out of the apartment and back down the stairs, reloading as he went.
The only thought going through his head was that Alice and John better be alright.  He couldnt handle having another of his friends die, especially if it was because of some stupid action on his part.
 When he hit the ground floor he took aim across the street, looking in the room.  The shots had stopped but he could still see movement from inside.  It looked like a scuffle between a few people, he couldnt be sure so he abandoned his plan of providing cover from street level instead opting to sprint into the fray.
He covered the distance in an instant, his fear and adrenaline making it feel like he was moving in slow motion.  Entering the room he quickly took in the situation, Alice was fighting off four roamers using her rifle as a club having emptied her magazine.  John was lying on the ground, his mask torn off and his face a bloody pulp.  Peter smashed a roamers skull with his rifle butt and fired on the other two.  Alice pushed the one she was grappling to the ground and peter stomped his head into the pavement with his heavy steel plated boot.
What the fuck, Alice yelled at him as she went over to John and started checking him over.  John wasnt moving.
Hes breathing, she placed his mask back on as carefully as she could manage.  Peter bent down and stated checking the rest of Johns suit for tears while checking his body for other injuries through the material of the suit.
He felt horrified, and didnt know how to act.  He was responsible for this and Alice knew that.  She would never forgive him.  No matter how much explaining he did, nothing would be the same now, especially if John died.  That made him angry though, he was only doing what he though was right, what he felt he had to do after being forced to kill his friend.  It wouldnt be fair of her to blame him forever, but he knew he was at fault and even worse he knew he deserved the blame.
Where were you? Alice asked, her voice an angry whisper.
II thought I found the guy that killed Tomas, Peter said, he knew he would not be able to effectively explain what went through his head to possess him to pursue someone and leave the camp unguarded.
Why did you leave? Alice was cradling Johns head.
I didnt think it would be a big deal, we never have problems, Peter started then faltered.  There was nothing he could say to make this any better, to make this make sense to Alice.
Well I hope it was worth it, Alice said her terse voice ending the conversation and most likely ending any meaningful speech between them.
We should probably move, there was a lot of shooting, Peter felt bad saying it but he knew they had to move and he knew that Alice knew this.
She didnt reply, only continued to cradle Johns head.  Peter could hear the slight rasp of Johns breathing, it was getting thinner, lighter.  John was slipping away right in front of them.
He was up first, he took them all at the door, holding them off long enough for me to grab my gun.  Then he fell and they all fell on top of him, grabbing, hitting, biting, she trailed off.
Why werent you here, she yelled at Peter.
Im sorry, his words felt empty.
They sat listening to Johns breathing slow.  He was finally getting to escape from the war, for him the war was over, something he had always wanted.  He had died in a way that he could be proud of.  He died defending his people, he died in a last act of heroism and Peter was glad that John could have that for himself.  
As John slowly slipped off Peter was confronted with the fact that now two of his friends had died at his hand.  Now he had to live knowing that, his friends survived the war only to be killed by him.
Suddenly, John took a deep inhale, then nothing.  Alice removed his mask as gently as she had put it back on.  Johns face looked nothing like Peter remembered, it was mangled from the attack to a state beyond easy recognition.  Still, it was John and he was dead because of Peter.
Alice placed his head on the ground and grabbed all the supplies they could carry.  Now they only needed supplies for two people so they left some of the water and meal replacements behind.
Lets move, she said as she shouldered her pack and stepped out the door.
Peter lingered a bit longer, he felt he couldnt leave John.  
Im sorry, he said through the lump in his throat.
He stepped out into the now much emptier world.  Alice had traveled ahead without him.  He could see her a few meters in front, she was busy negotiating a fallen chunk of concrete.  He thought about just walking the other way, turning his rifle on himself.  Only he couldnt do that, he couldnt abandon Alice in this world.  No matter how much she might hate him he couldnt leave her.  So he followed, tracing her footsteps through the fresh snow.
It wasnt until the sun began setting that they found a suitable place to set camp.  Peter hadnt slept in almost two days, the lack of rest was making him sluggish and he was having difficulty concentrating on anything.  Still he felt like it was his duty to take first watch.
No, you sleep, Alice said as Peter began to set up for watch.
I can do it, he argued.
No, Alices tone stopped any further argument and Peter settled into his sleeping bag and let the darkness of sleep overtake him.

He awoke terrified.  Tomas and John were dead.  Only they werent, he was asleep on the couch.  He must have been unable to stay awake.  His screen was still playing some stupid show at low volume.  He turned it off and laid back, letting the adrenaline wear off.  The clock told him it was only a half hour before he normally woke up so he decided to make it an early morning despite the fact that it felt like he had not slept at all.  That other world, that other horrible world, but at least in this one Tomas and John were still alive and Alice didnt hate him.  At least he could see them all again, even if they had only just met him he knew better, he knew that they were his only friends in the entire world, he knew they were the only sane ones left in an insane world.
There was that red light seeping in through his window, coming from across the street.  He got off the couch and stood by the window, still wearing what he had worn all day yesterday, he felt fine though, it felt good to break out of habits and do something a little different.  He was really beginning to embrace the whole idea of moving and existing outside the norms of the dome, outside the norms that society had set for him.
He looked up to the top of the dome, barely visible in the faint light, so high above him.  Outside the dome snow was falling softly, he could make that out even from this distance.  It piled against the clear dome like little white patches of mold before the wind cleaned it off.  That was another thing the dome took away, precipitation.  Not that it was necessarily a bad thing as he assumed most of the precipitation was acidic or radioactive.  Still he missed the feeling of rain, the plodding through snow.  Only he had never experienced those things, not here at least, that was in another reality in another childhood.  The closest thing to precipitation here was the watering systems for the few gardens in the upper and center areas of the dome.  That and the street cleaners that left a wet streak behind them as they traced across the busier streets to keep the dust and debris that accumulated over time under some form of control.
Peter thought about work, he was overcome with despair at just the idea of going back to that desk and having to sit there mindlessly working.  He knew that he had to if he wanted to keep his apartment, if he wanted to pay his bills, if he wanted to eat.  He couldnt just not work, people that did that were deemed mentally unstable and forced into the wards where they usually went the way of other undesirables.  Sometimes they were just medicated to the point of zombification and put on a production line where they earned their keep in the mental ward, the rest of their lives as a living cog.  Peter wouldnt get that treatment though, if he stopped working and they learned that he had stopped dreaming and they traced him to this organization of information gatherers he would cease to exist pretty rapidly.
The thought of him not working putting the rest of them at risk was what drove him to scrounge some tiny morsel of food and get into the shower.  He stepped out of his door ahead of schedule and looking as close to well rested and normal as he could manage.  The purpose of working was now to make sure that he didnt put this realities versions of Alice, Tomas and John at risk.  It was the only reason he could find to keep putting one foot ahead of the other, but one reason was better than no reasons.  There were always a lot of reasons not to do something but sometimes finding one reason to keep trying was enough to push all the negative away.
He sat down at his desk and glanced at Alice, who was already at her desk.  She was working, or it appeared that she was.  He turned his screen on and began to zone out with his pointless work lying before him like a dark tunnel, pitch dark no light.

***
The rocking has stopped.  That was all he was really aware of.  The beeping as well, some far off voices.  They say when you lose consciousness hearing is the last thing to go he wondered if it was the same for death.  Maybe he was already dead, the pain was gone so that did seem like a plausible case.  Then again if he was dead why did he hear voices?  So he couldnt be dead, the dead are dead, the dead become nothing, consciousness going out like a flame in the wind.  He was still hearing things so that meant that he was still alive and as long as he was alive and Alicia was still alive he was going to fight to keep it that way.  Death would have a hard fight when he showed up to take him, Peter was not going to go softly.
Thoughts were a jumble in his head, completely disjointed, not making sense.  He was having a hard time focusing, everything was jumping around as his neurons fired and misfired randomly inside the grey mass that constituted his mind.  It felt like being on the boarder of a dream but not quite inside one.  Random images floated through his mind, making no sense.  He let them come, he accepted them and tried to focus on one thought, live.  That was all he needed to do was live.
Hes pretty bad, a voice pierced through the background noise he was hearing.
Get him into OR 6, call Jeremy and tell him we have a code orange, a different more authoritative voice took over.
Peter lost the voices in the jumble of his mind, he didnt know what words meant anymore.  It sounded like he was listening to a different language only he knew it was English he was hearing.  
The doctors plugged his arms with an IV, feeding him fluids and plasma as they wheeled him to the operating room.  The addition of some liquid back to his drained veins brought him back to a state where he could understand speech again.
Gassing him, a new voice came through the lighter black.  He understood what that meant just before he slipped back into a total darkness.

Pills
Work felt shorter, life felt better, the sun felt brighter and the rain no longer bothered him.  Sure he was shelling out money in very large amounts to keep up this constant state of happiness but it was worth it, totally worth it.  Everything was going perfectly and Allie had no idea, she was even moving in soon, they had figured out all the details.
It had been close to two weeks since John had saved him from a tough detox and a life of fighting back urges that could only lead to trouble.  Those two weeks had been amazing and he finally felt that he was able to begin his life.  He was starting a real, normal, life and all thanks to the way that the Oxys allowed him to keep himself under control.  Even the dreams had begun to slow down in intensity.  He did kind of miss that he liked reliving the murder, the problem was that after the dream he then had to fight hard to resist the urge to just go out and kill again. 
He didnt want to kill, it just felt so good, so much better than even the best high, although being high all the time was a lot less risky and stressful.  So he just chose to be high all the time and let that keep his urges under control.  He felt he had it all under a tight enough grip that he could now have his girlfriend living with him.  If anything that would allow him to help keep the urges under control.  It would be much harder to hide committing a murder from her then it would be to hide some pills in a tiny nook in the basement.  The pills were a much better choice, the only downside being the money they cost.  Hopefully with his new attitude he would be able to get a raise and that would help fill the money gap that buying from John had created.
He knew what he was doing was something he had said he would never stoop to, he knew that it was a very low point, but on the other hand if it allowed him to live a semi-normal life then it was a small price to pay.  It would be nice to not have to worry about killing someone and spending the rest of his life in jail.  That would be a welcome change to the everyday routine he had been living before the drugs.
He was driving home from work, it had been a good day even his boss had complimented him on his improved demeanor which was something totally new to Peter as normally he was a total zombie at work, coming in for the pay and leaving as soon as possible.  With the acceptance of his drug use, with his change in attitude toward it as something necessary, something akin to heart medication, he had become a lot more positive in general.  He didnt feel as bad a person, he didnt feel guilty all the time for doing drugs.  As his tolerance built he still felt a little high, still got that little jump from the pills, but other than that he was taking them to keep under control.  It was like taking an anti-depressant to keep the bad moods at bay.
Driving was still something he didnt enjoy doing while under the influence.  Mostly it was at the end of the day when he was driving home because he was already tired from work and the drowsiness of the pills only made it worse.  Once he got home he felt like he received a second boost of energy, the hypnotic nature of driving though, that always made it difficult.  
It always seemed like once a week he almost got into an accident driving home, spacing out behind the wheel.  His most recent one had been because he didnt register that the red brake lights of the bus in front of him indicated it was slowing down and stopping.  He also didnt register that the bus was actually nearly stopped and he was going sixty toward a solid wall of steel with an advertisement for credit counseling plastered in the middle.  Finally something clicked in his brain to snap him out of his hypnotic state and he slammed his foot to the break, his car skidded to a stop just before hitting the bus.  It was a close call but it didnt faze him at the time, it was like the pills were totally blocking his adrenaline receptors.  The only thing he registered was that he had almost had an accident but other than that there was nothing.
He had gotten into the habit of chugging a cup of coffee before going home.  This gave him that little bit of alertness he needed as well as the bonus of extending the high in because he could enjoy it more without the drowsiness.
Allie was not home when he got there.  She had taken the Friday off to set up some space for her stuff and to begin organizing everything for the move.  She lived in a fairly small apartment so didnt have too many things to try and fit into the house.  It wasnt like there wasnt enough space, Peter had bought this large house with the money from his inheritance.
Being an only child and having older parents Peter had had a lonely childhood.  He was in his early twenties, fresh out of university, when his parents had passed away.  He did feel a little sadness, mostly just a sense of loss, it was hard to place.  The good thing was that he had received all their possession and had sold the lot to help finance his life fresh out of school.
That was why Allie was moving in with him, he was in his mid-twenties and had a fairly large home with no mortgage on it, it didnt make sense for her to be paying rent when she could live here for free.  The move was going to happen tomorrow, Allie had enlisted a few of her friends to help, Peter didnt have many friends but had managed to get his best friend, Tomas, to help.
He had known Tomas since they were kids, he had been the only child that could stand Peters oddness.  They had both stayed friends through high school and university and although Tomas was normal and had other friends, went out and socialized and partied and did all the things expected from a guy in his mid-twenties, he still liked Peter.  Peter was like a break for Tomas, he could just come over and drink and hang and there was no requirement to be too active.  Peter liked Tomas in that Tomas understood Peter and didnt ask him to come out and party or meet people or do all the things that he hated.  Tomas knew he liked to do his own thing and in this understanding they got along well.
There were a few boxes in the front hall, labeled in Allies handwriting.  He hoped she hadnt been too busy moving, he wanted to help her out in this transition.  Peter had begun to look at it as something she was doing as a favor to him.  Even though she didnt see it this way.  He needed her to live here with him if he was going to keep up the facade of normalcy he had developed.
He kicked off his shoes and wandered to the kitchen to see what was in the fridge.  The pills killed his appetite but sometimes he did get an urge to eat something, most of the time though he just ate because he knew he had to.  The fridge checking was more compulsion as he knew what was in there, still he checked.
A slice of leftover pizza would have to do, he ate it cold while he dialed Allies number on the home phone.
Where are you honey? he asked.
Just on my way, Ill be there in a few minutes, she said.
Okay, see you in a bit, the quick phone call done more so that he could know how long he had to grab his supply of pills for the night and the next day.  
Moving would mean he would be busy running around all day and he wouldnt have time to sneak down to where his pills were stashed.  So he had to plan a little in advance.
Leaving the half eaten pizza on the counter he made his way downstairs to the half-finished basement.  One half was an entertainment area with a nice television and some game consoles, things he barely used but bought on the off chance he might one day want to.  He had thought playing some violent video games would help him work through any urges he might get but they had done nothing for him.  They were too contrived, too un-real, they put the player in a state where they were the hero.  Having killed someone for real, the games didnt do it and he didnt like being the hero, knowing what he had done was evil was half the fun.  He relished knowing that he was a monster in the eyes of the world, even if they didnt know it was he who had killed that little girl.  The world viewed the person that had killed her as a monster.
The other half of the basement was storage.  It had a few bare bulbs and the typical basement tropes of cold floor, cobwebs in the ceiling, and that faint smell of dank despite the fact that there had never been a flooding issue.  It was a maze of boxes piled on top of one another, mostly just things from his parents house that he couldnt sell but couldnt get rid of.  Old photo albums, quilts, heirlooms, antiques random objects from vacations taken to various locals around the world.  Things that held no value but also held a lot of value.  Things that showed the world that he was human and that he did care about his parents and their passing.  He just liked having remnants of his former life.
He made his way through the path that the boxes formed to a spot that was already becoming familiar to him.  In the unfinished wall, behind the sealed insulation there was a little hole in the concrete.  Probably an air bubble that had burst while the cement hardened.  This formed the perfect sized nook for him to hide the baggie of pills he had acquired from John.  The insulation covered the hole perfectly, it was the best spot he had and there was no reason anyone would ever look there.  People just didnt go around lifting up the insulation looking for hidden things.
He had thought about stashing the pills in one of the boxes but there was always the chance that Allie would want to go through them one day.  He had other places to hide them, like the safe in his office or in a locked drawer on his desk, but these places were obvious.  Where would a person look for things that were supposed to be hidden first?  They always were drawn to locked places.
He took out the whole baggie, it only had seven pills left in it, he would have to give John a call and arrange another meeting before the end of the day tomorrow.  He already had a pretense on which to get a few minutes away from the move, he was out of beer and he would offer to go on a beer run once they had got all the boxes over to his place.  That would give him enough time to meet John and would also allow him to repay Tomas for his help.
All the lying that was beginning to surround the drugs was becoming a little difficult to manage but after this weekend it would become a little easier.  With all the moving done he would be able to resume his normal life and habits and not have to worry about how sketchy it looked with him running off at random times during the day.
When he came upstairs Allie was just walking in the door.  She was carrying a box and Peter rushed over to help.
I got this one, you grab the ones in the car, she said.
The trunk of the car had a few boxes as did the back seat.  He wished she had just waited for him so she didnt have to trudge all these down from her apartment herself.  He started removing the boxes from the car and bringing them inside.
You know if you had waited I could have helped, he said as her passed her.
I know but I wanted to get a head start.  We can do a last load after dinner and then there will be less to do tomorrow, she said with a smile.
I guess, he put down the box in the living room.  They were just going to put all her stuff on the main floor and sort it all to where it needed to go after it was all out of the apartment.
With the car unloaded and dinner done they made their way back to her place in the city center.  It was a half hour drive, Peter decided to call Tomas to make sure he was still okay to help.  He picked his number from his short contacts list.
Hey man still down for the move tomorrow? he always talked like this when talking to Tomas, it was like putting on a different self.
Yeah, I was just gonna call and see when you wanted me there, Tomas said.
Hows ten work?  Peter did the quick math in his head and an approving nod from Allie confirmed that ten would be a good time.
Sounds good man, I would invite you out tonight but my guess is youre busy will all the pre moving prep, Tomas said.  He always invited Peter out even though he knew that Peter almost always came up with an excuse to not go.
Yeah kinda busy and getting a good night sleep will help tomorrow, Peter said.
Sleeps for the dead, a few cups of coffee and Ill be good to go, Tomas said with a laugh.
Sure thing man.
Any way, Ill let you go.  See you tomorrow bud, Tomas said.
Yeah see ya.
Peter put his phone in his pocket and Allie and him drove on in their happy silence.  He knew she was excited about moving in with him, he knew that she had seen it as a huge step forward in their relationship.  For him it was nice to begin a life of normalcy without worry about getting arrested for killing people.  For her it was a proclamation of love and a step toward marriage.  He knew this, but was not yet ready to accept it.  He didnt feel ready for marriage as marriage often lead to children and he knew that he could never handle having children.  He would be scared to mess them up, to turn them into him.
So after this we will get some sleep, Allie said as they rode up the elevator.
Sounds good to me, he knew that sleep was a kind of code word for Allie.  Sleep usually meant sex, which was then followed by actual sleep.
Sex was always something a little difficult for him.  He knew what he was doing in bed, but he felt lost on the whole emotional side of it.  Sex was always just sex for him, he could take it or leave it.  It was never this big deal that everyone seemed to make of it.  That was why he supposed that his killing compulsion had no rape or other sexual aspect to it.  He knew this was common among sociopaths, he had done research he knew what he was, but it had never been for him.  He enjoyed sex, at least with Allie, because she seemed to really enjoy it and he liked making her happy.
They put the first boxes in the elevator and while Allie held it Peter grabbed the rest.  They could only fit so many in the car so he only had to make a few trips up and down the hall.   The elevator was slow, her building old and run down.  He was glad to be getting her out of here and into his place, he never felt safe with her living here.  Just another reason that made him feel obliged to her for her moving in with him, he would no longer have to worry about something happening to her in this place.  It would also be nice to not have to come over and fix things that broke in the apartment as the landlord was lazy and did nothing around the place.
So are you excited? she asked in an effort to gauge how he felt about her coming to live with him.
Of course I am, Peter said.  He did enjoy spending time with her and having her live with him would take away the hassle that surrounded that currently.  He wouldnt have to bother with her driving over or having to drive to her place and arrange times to meet and all the effort and issues that surrounded that.  Now he would be able to see her whenever he wanted to and she would be able to do the same.
Once they got back to his place and everything was stacked against the wall in the living room.  Allie plopped down on the couch and turned on the TV.
Im wiped, she said already zoning out to some news program.
Yeah me too, Ill come join you in a sec, just got to go to the bathroom, Peter said.
He did have to take a leak but the main reason he was in here with the door locked was to take a pill.  He liked to take two before bed but was realizing that that was pretty wasteful as he didnt get to enjoy the high at all and he was suspecting that it was having an influence on the quality of his sleep.  He took a piss and swallowed a pill with a handful of water from the tap.  He could swallow them dry but it always felt like they stuck in his throat when he did that.
So do you want to watch a movie or head off to bed? He asked as he reentered the living room.
I dunno, Im just gonna sit here for a bit, Allie said.  She was tired and feeling indecisive.  It was eleven at night and they did have a long day ahead of them.  There was a little annoyance rising up in Peters mind but he put it down quickly, he knew she had had a long day and moving out of her place was probably hard on her.
He knew she felt like she owed him something for her moving into his place.  The fact that he owned it outright and she had no financial stake in the place probably got to her a little, at least that was what he saw.  He didnt want her to feel like that, it wasnt like he had saved and struggled to buy this house, it had been practically handed to him.  Still he decided to leave her alone to her thoughts.
The prospect of tomorrow and all the work he had ahead of him, combined with the drugs kicking in was making him tired.
Well Im going to head off to bed, Im a little wiped, hard day at work, he said.
Okay, Ill be up in a bit, she was still staring at the TV.
Peter headed upstairs, it looked like he had misread her code word for sex.  It looked like tonight going to bed meant just that.  Not that he was terribly disappointed, but sex was something enjoyable and socially acceptable, one of the few things that filled both those criteria for him.
He didnt realize how tired he was until his head hit that pillow and he was off.  Totally asleep in a matter of seconds, the drugs along with a few nights of bad drug induced sleep pushed him under.  His night filled with dreams of the fire from his old life, his old self.
The alarm brought him back to life at eight in the morning.  He liked having a few hours to get ready and do his own thing.  He enjoyed watching television in the morning or flipping through one of his magazines.  Allie was asleep beside him, he was in too deep a sleep last night to know when she had come to bed.  The fact that the alarm had not woken her told him that it was probably fairly late before she had fallen asleep beside him.
He wandered down to the kitchen where there was a pot of coffee waiting for him.  He had set up the timer the morning before, his routines kept him sane and made life easier to deal with.
Everything was going to be different with Allie living here, but he supposed he would be able to alter his routines around hers.  He had fallen off the whole doing everything in an orderly way aspect of his life when he had started drinking.  Being half drunk all the time removed the necessity for routine.  Now the pills were becoming a habit and allowed him to think clear enough that he could establish routine again and he liked the stability it offered.  He was thankful that he had not got too set in one way because everything would have to change now with Allie sharing the house with him.
He sipped the black and slightly vile substance that started him every morning, his overly powerful coffee.  There was a faint ache in the back of his head, his brain calling for its missing chemical.  He held off a little, riding the last bit of what he had taken yesterday.  The pills were upstairs in his bedside table hidden under a few bits of paper and other random objects.  He didnt want to risk waking Allie in order to get them and he wasnt craving them that badly yet, he knew he could wait.  Better to let her sleep.
It was early but John would be awake, he still ran the pharmacy the drug dealing was a side project and the pharmacy had early hours.  Peter sent him a text message from his prepaid phone, the one he bought with cash to limit the chance that it could be traced back to him, he was used to taking precautions.  John replied while Peter was sitting down to read the last of his magazine, it confirmed a meeting time and place for the pickup today.  Peter already had the cash in his wallet, it was a lot but he wanted a decent supply.
He could hear Allie moving around upstairs, he knew from the times that she had stayed over that now she would probably hop in the shower.  He had his coffee she had a morning shower, their routines slightly different and this way he always had enough coffee.  She didnt normally drink it.
Sure enough he heard the shower turn on, waiting a little to be positive she was actually in the shower and he was up and moving, heading toward his room.  She was in the ensuite bathroom with the door closed, Peter grabbed the baggie of pills from his bedside table and popped one his mouth, he would wash it down with the coffee he had left downstairs.  He shoved the rest of the pills in the pocket of the pants he was going to change into today.
Then back downstairs to watch some morning news and look innocent while he waited for that little kick from the pill.  He only took one, taking two on an empty stomach made him queasy, he would eat something before taking the next one.  The hit from this one would still be good due to the lack of food getting in between the lining of his digestive tract and the chemicals in the pill.
As he heard the shower shut off the pill was already kicking in.  He got up to make breakfast and have it ready for when Allie came down after she got ready then he would head up and get ready and they could begin this arduous task of moving.  He knew it would go off okay, she didnt have too much stuff and was leaving a lot of her furniture at the apartment as Peter already owned most of what was needed.  He knew that the aspect of her tossing out her furniture was something major because it meant that they now had a share in something, that if they did break up she would be out without anything to restart her life.  It was a financial investment of sorts on her part in the relationship.
When Allie was coming down the stairs Peter had already almost finished his breakfast of scrambled eggs and toast, hers was in the microwave keeping warm.
Good morning honey, he said as he finished off his portion of breakfast.
Hey, sorry I was up so late, she said.
Its okay I didnt even hear you come to bed, he said.
Good, I didnt want to wake you up, she sat down to eat.
Im gonna go get ready, make sure Tomas is still coming then we can head out and get this over with, he said.
Sounds good, thanks for breakfast, she smiled and kissed him.
No problem, he kissed her before he went up to get showered and take another pill.
In the bedroom that was no longer exclusively his he began to worry as he fished another pill from his baggie.  With Allie living here he would have to make sure he was a hundred percent under control.  Before he always had the option of going off and killing again, it would be easy to avoid getting caught he would just have to plan properly.  Now it would be much harder to avoid capture.  He hated the aspect of worry that came after killing, as the rush wore off he came down to a world of anxiety and fretting over every little detail.  At least that was how it had gone the first time, but that was years ago and he no longer worried about it.  He knew that she was still listed as a missing person even though it was presumed she was dead.  He was not even in the same province anymore, but still sometimes he worried about little details, he did not want to go to prison, he did not want to get caught and lose this life he had started to build.
Without Allie living here he always had the option to kill again.  He felt that since he had done it once so successfully he could do it again.  He felt that the nerves and worry after the kill would be less the second time around and he knew the rush would still be there.  But he didnt want that risk, not really, but it did suck that now he no longer really had the option.  That was the point though, that was the reason for having her live here.  He had to remind himself of that, had to remember that Allie was here to keep him from killing again.  He didnt want to kill again, he just wanted a normal life without the fear of arrest haunting him everywhere he went.  He wanted a life where every glance was just a glance not an accusation. 
The pills were helping with the urges, providing him with the rush he needed.  Although that one he had taken this morning didnt hit him as powerfully as he had expected.  It was a nice little high, but little was the key word.  The second one wouldnt bring him where he wanted to be either, especially with the food filling his stomach.  He took it hoping it would add a little more to that feeling of happiness and warmth that he had obtained from the first pill.
The shower was warm and helped to relax him a little more, adding to the experience.  Relaxing always helped the high come along a little better.  He got dressed and called Tomas.
Whats up? Tomass groggy voice told Peter that he had still been sleeping.
Moving today, remember, Peter said.
Oh shit right, Ill meet you at Allies place in like an hour, Tomas said.  Peter could hear him moving around now as he rushed out of bed.
Cool man, no rush, Peter said as they hung up.
He needed Tomas toady, not so much for the help he could offer but more for the excuse it gave Peter to run off and grab beer.  He didnt want to have to dig for another reason to leave, his beer run excuse was already a little weak as he never did beer runs.  He needed to see John toady though and if he couldnt think of a reason he was just going to have to leave, it was not really an option, he needed to re-stock his pills.
If only he could tell Allie what he had done and what he was.  If only he could tell her that he needed the pills and that it was the only way he could make sure he remained a normal person.  If she could understand that then everything would be so much easier.  He knew that she would never understand though, and therefore he would always be trapped in the web of lies surrounding his drug use and his past.
His past of stalking children trying to find the perfect one to kill.  He didnt know why it was children.  Maybe it was because he knew that by killing a child there would be more media attention, that he could hurt more people, causing grief to a whole family on a different level then killing an adult would cause.  He had patterned the children in his area, trying to find the one that would be easiest to grab, in the most secluded area.  It took a few months until his plan had solidified.  He could never tell anyone about that, no one would understand the need he had to kill a child, the desire he had to inflict as much pain on the world as he could.
If he had been smarter with numbers and the financial system he would have become a banker.  A banker got the opportunity to ruin way more lives than a killer ever could and it was all legal, at then he would have wealth and a beautiful house somewhere in Europe.  But he was not a numbers guy and his only option to hurt the world was to kill.  No one could ever understand that, no one normal could fathom why someone would want to inflict hurt on the earth.
He could never tell Allie about his past, about killing cats and dogs, about hiding the bodies of animals he had tortured.  About how he managed to never get caught.  About psychologically bullying the mentally disabled kids in his school, about the one time he convinced a kid to attack a teacher, telling him every day that the teacher was calling him dumb retard when he wasnt looking.  Driving this kid into a frenzy over a few months, to the point where he broke the teachers nose and tore her ear off, all while Peter sat back and watched with joy in his heart and mock horror on his face.  The kid was expelled and the teacher left on disability money from the schools and families insurance.
He couldnt tell anyone the countless acts of evil he had committed precisely because he didnt think of them as evil.  They were just things that gave him joy, things that proved he had power over people.  Things that allowed him to cause suffering, things that demonstrated how he was superior to everyone.  He couldnt do these things anymore, he wanted to live a normal life.  He wanted to escape the threat of arrest, he knew that ever since he killed there would be nothing else he could do that would compare to that.  He knew he had opened a box he could never close, so he had to medicate himself or end up just another serial killer on a show trial, discussed by the media, degraded and shown as below everyone.  It would still be nice if he could only explain to Allie, if he could only make her see, just to make getting the drugs easier, to not have to manage so many lies.
Heading back downstairs a little less elated then he had been going up them.  The drugs werent working the way he wanted them to, he felt alone with his secret about himself, unable to tell the woman he loved about it.  Love was a tricky thing for him as well, he said he felt it but in reality he didnt know if he did.  It was such a foreign concept to him, he had no idea what it was supposed to feel like.  Only learning from what everyone else told him about, from what the media portrayed it as.  He could act the part fairly well and sometimes felt something sort of like love.  Sometimes with Allie he would feel really happy knowing she was with him, knowing that she was there for him to help him when he needed it.  That was part of the reason he wanted to tell her about his past, he wanted her to know because she would be able to help him.
There was no way she could accept that though, he knew that, so as he grabbed some water bottles from the fridge he felt totally alone.
Tomas said hes going to meet us at your place, Peter said.
Was he even up? Allie asked, she knew how much of a slacker Tomas could be.
Well he is now, Peter said with a laugh.
An extra set of hands is still better than nothing, Allie said.  She never really liked Tomas, found it odd that him and Peter hung out, they seemed so different from each other.  She knew Tomas wasnt using Peter or anything like that, she just felt that he also left Peter hanging a lot, ditching him for more fun friends.  She felt that Tomas was just a bad friend in general.
Peter never caught this vibe from her, he was bad at picking up on peoples signals.  People just didnt make sense to him on a certain level, he observed them and manipulated them and knew what made people tick and knew how to act like a normal member of society, but the more subtle things he had trouble with.
The drive to Allies place was quick, morning traffic was light as there was nothing going on in the city this Saturday.  They didnt talk much which was a relief for Peter because managing sustained conversation was difficult, it always felt like he had to keep saying something and it tired him out.  They were at a stage where comfortable silence was something in their relationship.  Not that he was ever uncomfortable in silence, it was kind of his element, existing within his own head.
The other pill was peaking at its full effect now, he was feeling nice; relaxed and calm.  The pills would help with moving, which was something he hated.  They would calm him down enough to allow him to remain happy for the duration and they would numb the pain in his muscles to keep him going when everyone else was starting to burn out.  He also had the advantage of being in pretty good shape, he worked out almost every day.  It always paid to be in good shape in case a situation called on it, deep down he knew he did it in case he ever wanted to kill again.  He had kind of been playing with the idea of killing an adult for a while which started him working out.  Then the exercise became a habit and he kept with it.
He knew from experience that working out under the influence of pain meds always led to him being able to push more.  It also helped with the soreness he felt after a particularly hard work out, it was almost like a performance enhancing drug.  Minus the drowsiness and relaxation, but those effects only really kicked in at higher doses.
They reached Allies apartment, where everything was neatly boxed up and stacked.  That was most of what she had been up to the day prior.  Today would be nice and easy, moving boxes was simple and they didnt have to worry about any of the larger pieces of furniture as those only had to go downstairs to the garbage bins out back.
Tomas was not there yet and as they loaded the service elevator with boxes and put them in Allies car he had still not arrived.  Peter had come over with Allie so he could show Tomas the route back to his place from her apartment.  If he had known that Tomas would have not been here he would have just taken his car so that they could get more stuff back.  They were already off to a pretty bad start thanks to Tomas and his unreliability.
Ill call him, Peter said in response to the look of anger on Allies face.
The phone rang through and went to voicemail.
Well I guess hes on his way, Peter said hoping that was true.  He needed Tomas for more than just an extra set of hands.
Then I guess just come back with me and we will unload these and take both cars until he shows up, Allie said.  Or if he shows up, she finished with a look that he hoped wasnt directed at him.  It was not like it was his fault Tomas had seemingly bailed on them.
Peter sent Tomas a text: Hey man heading back to my place with the first load meet at Allies
Then they drove back toward the house.
The drive back was done in considerably less comfortable silence.  Peter could tell that Allie was angry at Tomas bailing.  Her friends werent coming until later and they were going to help mostly with the unpacking as they didnt really have that many vehicles among them and they wouldnt be much help with the lifting.
They unloaded the car and Peter felt his phone vibrating.  He grabbed it from his pocket thinking it was Tomas, before he realized it was his other phone.  John had sent him a text: Meet me in ten, have to change the time today stuff has come up.  This was not good but Peter knew he could make it work.  He had to take his car back to Allies, he would just make a detour and say he stopped for a pack of gum or something if she asked why he was so far behind her.  Hopefully this transaction would be nice and quick, he didnt want to risk making Allie angrier then she already was.
Okay, so Ill just take my car and we will act like Tomas isnt coming until I hear from him, Peter said.
Yeah I guess, I just wish your friends werent such flakes, Allie said.
Me too baby, me too, Peter said.
They kissed as she got in her car and Peter walked over to his.  He would have to break a few speed limits, Johns pharmacy was in the opposite direction of where he needed to go.
He waited for Allie to get ahead a little before he set off, he didnt want her to see that he was heading the other way.  He gunned it over to Johns pharmacy, the whole way it felt like he was getting stuck behind every slow driver on the road.  Whenever he was in a hurry it felt like the traffic lights, the other drivers and the world in general conspired against him.  Despite all this he did make it to the pharmacy in good time.  John came outside when he saw Peter pull up, they never did business in the store, the security cameras and other customers made it too risky.  Peter always wondered about the cameras but John just said something about the tapes being a hassle to erase.
They walked around to the back of the plaza.
Sorry about having to change the times on you, I think I might be under some kind of surveillance, John said sounding more paranoid than normal.
What would that have to do with times? Peter asked a little annoyed that John had forced him to make this detour to possibly get him arrested in a drug sting
I think they are just using one guy so far and he comes at the same time every day and just hangs around outside watching everyone that enters and exits the store, John said.
Peter thought he was freaking out about something that was a non-issue, cops didnt stake out operations like that.  It was probably just someone with OCD or a homeless person, or maybe even a paranoid hallucination of Johns.  If John was losing touch with reality though then that didnt bode too well for Peter, he needed John to stay sane enough to at least keep dealing to him.  Maybe it was time to find some other connections.
Well whatever works for you man, was all Peter said, he didnt want to let on that he was suspicious about Johns sanity.
Yeah, so how much you want today, gotta hurry up Ive got to get back Im the only one in today, John said.
I guess four hundred dollars worth, Peter said. 
Big deal eh?  Liked the first bit, John said as he began counting pills from a large jar into a baggie.
Yeah and I dont have a lot of time to pick up so figured a big deal was better than a bunch of small ones, Peter said.
Sure man, good for me too, means I can buy more, John said.
Peter let him count since he seemed to be having trouble holding a conversation and counting pills at the same time.
All good man, I threw a few extra in there for you too since youre such a good customer, John said.
They were both not really good at this whole drug dealing and buying thing.  Peter suspected that John hadnt been in this game as long as he let on.  He was happy with that because it probably meant he was getting better deals then he would get anywhere else.  Then again he didnt know what the going price really was and he only counted the pills after the transaction.  For all he knew John could be ripping him off, but it looked like a lot in the baggie and Peter was happy to deal with this slightly crazy yet mostly safe guy then to risk having to go somewhere else.  It was not so much the violence of the drug trade that scared him, he was no stranger to violence, it was more the risk of getting caught up in a bust.  He couldnt afford to have this secret part of his life come to the surface.
Well thanks and Ill see you later, Peter said.
Sure thing man, text any time, they both walked back to the parking lot.
There was a customer waiting outside the locked pharmacy door, John swore and gave a quick wave before running over to open back up.  Peter hopped in his car and threw the pills in the glove box, there was no time to bother counting them he had to get to Allies.  He had enough pills in his pocket to last him the rest of the day, he could count out his new stash later, once the move was done.
According to the time on his car radio he was not that far behind Allie, she wouldnt even be at her apartment yet.  Peter sped off rushing to catch up to avoid any suspicion.  He knew he was probably being over cautious, Allie really wouldnt question him if he was a few minutes later then he should have been.  She knew he was a slow driver, but something about buying drugs, something about hiding his secrets from her made him paranoid.  She never questioned him when he was late before, but for some reason stopping to buy drugs made him think that she would be a little suspicious.
When he got to the apartment building he saw Tomass car parked beside Allies.  It was good that he had come, not that it really mattered for giving Peter an excuse.  When he thought about it, it was not really necessary to begin with.  He had thought the deal would take much longer for some reason, not that it ever had before.  He was just not used to doing things like this and trying to keep up an image.  He was not used to having to hide every suspicious movement so he just assumed that everyone would question everything.
The fact was that people didnt notice half of what he suspected they would notice.  He was beginning to realize this.  There was no need for elaborate plans to hide his every suspicious movement.  He was being way too over cautious, but he was used to that, he liked to play it safe.
He met Tomas and Allie up at her apartment.  They were making a strained attempt at small talk.
Hey man, Peter said to Tomas.
Hey, sorry about being late, long night, Tomas said.
No worries just glad you came to help, we should be able to get this stuff out in like two trips with three cars, Peter said.
Cool, it makes it so much easier not having to take the furniture, Tomas said.
Yep, hey honey, Peter said to Allie.
Hey, what took you? she asked.
Got stuck behind some slow drivers, Peter said trying a simple excuse.
Well lets get this done, Allie said grabbing a box.
Cool, they all began moving boxes down the hall.
They loaded the cars and Peter was alone again on the drive back.  There would defiantly be only one more trip.  Allie really didnt have that much stuff, most of what they were moving was books from her considerable collection.  She had been moving her clothes over to his house throughout the week so there were not a lot of those to move.
Peter popped another pill on the way home, swallowing it with a coffee he had grabbed on the way.  Just the thought of all those pills sitting in his glove box made him excited.  The knowledge that he had enough drugs to get actually high a few times if he wanted to.  The knowledge that he had enough drugs to help keep his urges under control for at least a few more weeks.  The knowledge that his life seemed totally under control, all this brought him joy.  There was sadness at the thought that he would now truly never be able to kill again, but he was happy to not have to deal with all the baggage of worry and fretting about being caught.
He got to his house and a few of Allies friends were there.  They had come early to surprise her and help unpack sooner rather than later so they could have a small kind of house warming party.
Peter didnt really like Allies friends, but they liked him so he put up with them.  He donned a smile as he stepped out of the car.
Hey Cheryl, hey Victoria, he waved to them as he opened his trunk.  They waved back giving.
They were all excited for Allie and were talking in a circle.  Tomas wandered over to him.
Looks like you get to deal with a nice chick jam tonight, he said.
It isnt that bad, Peter said.
I know, but wouldnt you rather get out of the house and let them have their own little thing? Tomas said.
The thought of not having to deal with Allies friends was a nice one.
Yeah that would be nice, Peter said.
You grab the beer and we will chill at my place tonight, Tomas offered.
He didnt live that far and Peter could take a cab home.  He was trying not to drink so much, but he could control it.  He would have to keep a close watch on his intake with the drugs in his system, he didnt want to overdose at his friends place.
Sounds like a plan, a night playing video games with Tomas was better than taking care of Allie and her friends.  He figured she wouldnt mind.
Hey Peter, you and Tomas can take that last load while I start unpacking? she asked.
Yeah, there wasnt that much left, Peter said.
Thanks, love you, she said.
Peter and Tomas brought all the boxes inside and made their way back to the apartment.  The close date was next week so Allie would have a few more days to go over everything and clean the place up.  Right now Peter could tell that she just wanted to celebrate with her friends.
Back at the apartment the both of them loaded the cars up.  There was a decent amount of furniture left but Peter knew what pieces she wanted to toss and which ones he had to squeeze into the cars.  They disassembled everything, it was all hard work, Peter knew this in his head but hiding within the happiness of the drugs made the work go by easily.  He almost felt guilty looking at how Tomas was sweating, he felt like he was doing less work because he had the assistance of the drugs.
A few elevator rides brought the rest of the stuff downstairs.  They tossed old furniture into the garbage bins, like tossing a body into a hole.  
So after we unload all this shit Ill head home, you can come whenever, Tomas said.
Sure man, Ill want to shower anyway so that works for time, Peter said.  It also gave him a little breathing room to count out some pills for the night.  He knew that mixing with alcohol meant that he would have to watch his dosage carefully.  He would need less, but would still need some to keep the withdrawals away.  It was a tricky balancing act, he would also have to watch his intake of alcohol, making sure to look like he was drinking a lot while not actually drinking a lot.  It was always socially acceptable to drink but for some reason popping pills that were most likely harmless in the dosage he was taking was not.
The drive back was a little unsafe, at least he felt a little unsafe.  He was driving fine but did catch himself spacing out a lot.  Zoning out to the car in front of him, getting lost in his own thoughts, in his happy fantasies.  Still he made it home fine and they unloaded the cars with no issue, chatting about random things the whole time.
Allie and her friends had begun unpacking a little but mostly they were just talking.  They hadnt seen each other in a while as Allie had been focused on the move so now they were catching up.  Peter always found the ways that women socialized kind of funny, how they were best friends one minute and hated each other the next.  Peter could never keep track of which friends he was supposed to hate and which friends were friends again.  So he just put on a happy face for all of them and tried not to say or do anything too abnormal.  It was always easier to act normal when he was on the oxys, they relaxed him enough that he could still watch what he said as to not say anything too odd but made it all look natural.  Without them he was always a little nervous, making sure he picked his words carefully.
Trying to blend into a world where he always felt he didnt fit was hard for him.  Having to watch everything he said in order to maintain friends and other close human relations that were necessary on his quest to become a normal person.  Even with Tomas he had trouble, but Tomas was used to his oddities and never really called him on them.  Allie was also used to them when they were alone, but she did get embarrassed when he said something weird in front of her friends, so he just played it safe and spoke as little as possible, picking his sentences carefully.
He had considered just living with no human contact.  It was not like he needed it or craved it.  It was just that he wanted to keep himself from killing, wanted to live a safe life without the risk of jail time.  So he needed people around, they forced him to act normal, or at least semi-normal, and if he acted normal long enough hopefully he would become normal soon enough.  That and with the help of the drugs he could hopefully keep the killing away for the rest of his life.
Alright man, Im gonna head out, see you like after six? Tomas said.
Sure thing, want me to grab food? Peter asked.
They were standing on the porch, they could hear the women inside chatting around the kitchen table.
Sounds good, like pizza or some shit, Tomas said.
See you in a bit then, Peter said and Tomas got in his car and drove off.  Peter was hoping he could convince Allie to drive him over so he could take a cab back without having to worry about getting his car in the morning.
Inside was a mess of boxes but Allie and her friends would sort through them tonight and they could both work to finish them off tomorrow.
Honey, I was going to go hang with Tomas tonight and let you guys do your own thing, would you mind driving me over so I can just grab a cab back, Peter said.
I was actually hoping youd help us unpack, Allie said.
Peter felt a little crestfallen.  He was looking forward to having a night with Tomas.  He also was starting to see the full implications of having Allie live with him.  He felt bad now, like he had no option except to listen to her because she had done so much for him.  Her moving in with him was something that he felt was a huge favor for him and he had to do what he could to repay it.
Well is there any way we could do that tomorrow?  Spend the whole day just the two of us, he still tried, he did not want to be stuck here with Allie and her friends.
I guess, but I cant drive you I have guests, she gestured to Victoria and Cheryl who had been listening intently to their conversation.  Peter knew that Allie was not driving him as a form petty revenge for him leaving and ruining her plan.
Okay, well Im just going to go shower and be off I guess, Peter said heading upstairs.  If it werent for the drugs coursing through his body he knew he would feel a lot more angry, but the oxys were helping to calm him.  Despite that he felt like taking another just because Allie had ruined the good feeling he had going from his high.
Instead of taking one now and then having to take another while at Tomass he decided to try another method of ingestion to see if that would help extend the effects of one to the point where he wouldnt have to re dose while he was drinking which was always risky.
He grabbed a pill and a piece of paper along with a knife that he kept in his side table.  The knife was more for just messing around and opening things, but he liked to have it for the little piece of mind it offered.  He went into the bathroom with these things in hand and a plan in his head.  He was going to parachute his pill, it would hit him faster and maybe that would make him feel less willing to take another.  He had learned of this method from a few online forums on drug culture that he read.
The first step was grinding the pill up into a powder, which he had assumed would be easy.  He put it in the center of the paper in order to catch all the dust that would be created.  The knife was sharp, not razor blade sharp but close, he took good care of it.  Trying to use the knife to chop the pill up wasnt working though, it was only breaking it into bits along the score lines impressed in it.  He had thought grinding the pill up would be simple, something like he has seen in movies.
He folded the few pill chunks into the paper, making a square with the pill at the center under a few folds of paper to catch all the bits of it.  Using the side of the knife blade he crushed the pill through the paper, pushing it into the counter and feeling it collapse into dust under the pressure.
He opened the paper and chopped the compressed the dust in the center, it was pretty fine and he really didnt need it to be excessively powdered.  He was not snorting it or shooting it.  He pushed the little pile of pill powder neatly to the middle of the paper and then carefully dumped it into a square of toilet paper that he had peeled down to a thin one ply.  He wound up the little thin piece of paper into a tiny baggie and swallowed it with a glass of water he had ready beside him.
This method allowed the drugs to hit his system faster as the dust would dissolve in his stomach much quicker than the time-release pill.  The point of the tissue paper was to allow him to actually get the dust down, without that barrier he doubted he could choke the bitter chemical down.
That delicate process done he tossed out the paper after licking any remaining powder off it.  It was bitter but in small amounts he actually liked the bitterness.  With a nice cool shower to wash the sweat of the day off and the effects of the oxy already hitting him he felt like a new man.  Some fresh clothes and money in his pocket he was ready for a nice night with his friend.  Of course because of Allie and her petty revenge he would have to waste more money on a cab.  He would have to pay extra for the cab there because he had to stop and grab beer.  He wasnt hurting for cash but it still felt like a waste that could have been avoided.
He tried not to hold it against her though, she was doing him a great service by living with him.  It was a little annoying, but he supposed she was in the right by wanting him to stay and help now, he just hadnt had a night out of the house in a while, he didnt; enjoy going to bars, but a friends house was different.  It was rare that they just hung out at one of their houses, especially since Tomas had got his new job and the extra money that came along with that, he always wanted to hit the trendiest bar.  So he was not going to miss this night, even if it was a little bit of a hassle to get there and get home.
Okay, was the only interruption in their conversation as he left the house.
She was really mad, but he still felt like he was in the right to want to go out for a night especially since he didnt do it that often.
He knew that they would be all gossiping about him now, they were always on the fence with him.  Allies friends could sense something off about him, he knew it.  It would be easier if they liked him but he really didnt care, they were boring people any way.  He just didnt like feeling like a guest in his own house which was how he felt with them over, all judging him because he wanted to go and hang out with his friend.
He grabbed a twenty-four pack of Tomass favorite beer, Peter liked anything but Tomas could be a little picky with his taste in alcohol.  Instead of picking up pizza he would just order it when he got there and pay for it, it would cost a little more but he really didnt have a choice.  It really didnt matter, he was just happy to get out of the house.
He tipped the cabbie a few bucks, although he didnt want to because of how mad he was at having to take the cab in the first place.  It wasnt the cabbies fault though and he tried not to direct his anger toward the man.
Hey man, managed to get away eh, Tomas said at the door.
Tomas lived in a basement apartment, everyone who was Peters age still rented. Peter felt gifted at being one of the few that actually owned a place of his own.  He had been lucky getting his parents place although after taxes and utilities it was basically like he was paying rent, the only difference being that he had net worth in a tangible asset. 
Yeah barely, Peter said only hiding his anger a little bit.
Its started this soon eh?  The minute shes in shes already trying to control your life, Tomas said.
Not really, she just wanted me to help unpack, Peter said.
Sure, then it becomes help with dinner, then it becomes help clean, help me read, stay and watch television, and youre never allowed to leave the house again unless you get permission, Tomas said.
It wont get like that, shes happy and I wouldnt be dating her if I thought she was going to turn into some controlling bitch, Peter said.  He didnt actually think Allie was like that and Tomas attacking her had him defending her and made him see that she really wasnt being too unreasonable.
Sure it wont man, anyway wheres the pizza? Tomas had noticed that Peter was only carrying the beer.
I had to cab over so I figured wed order and Id just pay, Peter said.
She didnt even drive you, Tomas said.
Well Peter began but Tomas cut him off.
Dont worry man, Im sure its all going to be fine, he went and sat in the living room while Peter filled the fridge with beer.
The night was spent drinking and playing videogames in front of the television.  The parachuting did lead to the oxys wearing off faster but because they had got him so high but combined with the numbing effects of the beer he managed to not have to re-dose.  
Good night man, and dont let her take over, Tomas said as Peter left at the door.
Dont worry I wont, Peter said with a laugh.  By now it was just a joke, there was no way she was going to intrude that much in his life.  The whole reason he had her living with him was because he wanted her intruding on his life, he wanted someone there to keep him from committing more murders.  He needed her to intrude and keep his life semi-normal.  As long as she didnt get involved with the drugs he would be fine, the drugs were something he needed in his quest for normalcy.
He snuck into bed as quietly as his drunken body could manage.  He had drunk more than he had intended to, the drugs wearing off had caused that.  He was seeking an escape from the craving for more pills so he had just upped the alcohol.  Thus he was pretty intoxicated but felt good, the morning might see him a little worse off but he figured hed worry about that when it came.
Allie moved and mumbled something in her half asleep state, Peter didnt pay any attention, she was only half awake.  He passed out cold beside her and fell into the comforting black of booze induced sleep, where dreams were rare and images of his past couldnt create that familiar urge.
He awoke with a pounding headache and a stomach that felt like it was full of squirming painful worms that only wanted to exit through his throat.  He could feel it pushing against his esophagus.  
Nausea and headaches were something he was all too familiar with from his days of hard drinking, before he had discovered the pain pills.  He also knew the best way to get rid of them, especially since this bout of hangover was probably being worsened by a little bit of withdrawal.  Allie was no longer beside him she had got up and started unpacking an hour ago so Peter had a clear bathroom and room in which to fish out some pills and throw them back.
The water calmed his stomach for a bit before it took up its complaining again only this time it was complaining much louder.  He managed to keep everything down though and plopped back into bed, in no rush to get up and start moving.  He needed the pill to start working its magic.  He needed that little dose of opiate to start its path through his veins to the receptors in his brain that could make use of them and begin the blocking of all this annoying pain.
It almost felt like he could feel the pill dissolving inside the acid pool that was his stomach, the nausea came stronger in waves to the point where he had to use every ounce of energy he had in order to keep everything down.  This held at a peak, his head dissolving into mush from the bombardment of intense throbbing pain, his stomach trying with everything it had to push everything up out of his mouth.  With an act of almost superhuman endurance he held on and kept holding until the pain mercifully started leaving.  In waves of receding red the pain slowly dissipated.  He waited until it was at a level where he felt safe to move, knowing that moving would bring about fresh waves.
He managed to sit up in bed and decided to take another pill.  The sound of Allie angrily crashing around downstairs convinced him that he needed it.  This one he took with an entire glass of water and he began his journey downstairs to face the wrath of his girlfriend.  A wrath he felt was entirely misplaced as they now had the whole day to unpack and he would be feeling a hundred percent after some food and a coffee.  The creak of the first step alerted Allie to him being up and on the move.
How you feeling? She asked with venom in her voice.
Hung over, Peter said, he hated the sarcasm she was projecting, he didnt like the fact that she was holding the fact that he got drunk with his friend against him.
So I guess todays going to be a write off too then, she said.
No, just let me have breakfast and we can get to work, Peter said.  He knew that he would be fine, he knew what his body was telling him and he didnt like when Allie thought she knew and when she assumed things based on what she thought she knew.
Well try to hurry up, I kind of dont want to be doing this all day, she said.
Dont worry, there is no rush, Peter said.
I want to be unpacked before work tomorrow and I dont like leaving boxes all around making the place look like a dump, she said.
Just stop worrying, Ill be helping, just give me a minute, Peter let the anger creep into his voice.  His headache was coming back, he needed a coffee and he wanted some food.
Whatever, Ill be doing work join me whenever youre ready, she said as she stormed off to the living room and began unpacking.
Peter was thankful to be left alone and he wandered over to the half pot of coffee and poured himself a cup.  His stomach did not want any food stuffed down there but he knew that he needed to eat.  He knew that he could handle it and keep it down but the thought of eating was not appealing to him.
A bowl of cereal was easy to make and not too hard on the stomach and he ate that while sitting alone at the table.  Listening to the noise of Allie moving stuff around and running around bringing her things all over the house.  He was already getting tired of this, already starting to regret this decision.  Maybe Tomas had been right, maybe now his life as a free man was over and he would now have to deal with asking permission to leave the house.  It certainly did feel like she was taking over.  
It was probably just the feeling of his castle no longer being his alone.  He was sure this was normal, to be a little upset when someone else moved into your once private space.  It was something he would get used to and Allie could only control him like that if he let her, it was not unreasonable to ask for some free will in his own life, let alone his own house.
Putting his dishes away he walked to where the boxes were and started unpacking them, bringing them to where they needed to be in the house and opening them.  Allie could put everything in the boxes where she saw fit, he would just bring them to where he thought they should be.  They both just worked around each other, not talking much and feeling a lot of tension.
They were in a fight and it had not even been twenty-four hours yet.  Peters breakfast was sitting like a lump in his stomach, he felt tired and run down and the pills were doing nothing to bring him back up.  When he felt like this, when he felt this crappy he usually had a drink to make his mind refocus, to dump some more chemicals on there and have them work in tandem to help him.  He couldnt really do that now, Allie would look at him funny if he had a big glass of rye and coke in the morning.  She had never known the extent of his drinking habits and he planned on keeping those secret along with the drugs.
So he had to tough it out and deal with feeling like shit while he hauled things around.  He knew that the worse he got, the more he would want to destroy something, the more he wanted to kill.  Whenever he felt bad his mind always took him back to that first kill, the look in those eyes, the feeling of power.  The smell of gasoline and tinder.  The way the match lit perfectly on one swipe of the striker pad.  The way it all fell together perfectly and almost felt like something destined from a higher power.
He didnt like thinking like this, he wanted to escape that life, but no matter what it always followed him.  It was him.
Allie was upstairs and he was piling boxes by the basement door.  The boxes she had marked storage were destined to join his parents things down where he hid his drugs.  This actually worked perfectly for today because he could bring the boxes down and put them as far from his stash as he felt and it gave him pretense to go down there and grab some pills.
This was all good, but with Allie safely upstairs he felt he could make it even better.  She was unpacking her bathroom stuff so he had a few minutes before she would be back down.  He rushed into the kitchen and to the cupboard where he kept the booze.  Pouring half a glass of rye he quickly dumped a topper of coke from the bottle in the fridge and went downstairs with his strong drink in hand.  Allie wouldnt be down here very often and he had the entertainment section already made up.  He was now realizing that down here could be his sanctuary.
He took a sip of the too strong drink and coughed.  It was still nice to get some alcohol in his system, even if it was going to be difficult forcing it down.  He put the glass on the far end table of the couch, hidden in the shadows of the dim lighting.  Now he had a drink and was near to his drugs and could just bring the boxes down here and hide out for a bit pretending to find a place for her storage things while he got a little drunk and high.
He went back upstairs and started bringing the boxes down.  On the last one he saw that Allie had returned from upstairs and was standing in the kitchen drinking a glass of water.
Im just bringing your storage stuff down, he said to her.
Sure, just leave an empty box, I think I have some more to add, she said.
Okay, um, Im sorry about going out, the thought of having some peace and a place to escape had made him a little happier and he felt he needed to diffuse some of the tension.
Its okay, I just wanted to get this done yesterday so we could have had today to relax, Allie said.
I know, but we have the rest of our lives to relax, I just wanted to go out, I dont go out a lot, Peter said.
I know, and Im sorry for getting upset, Allie said.
Dont worry about it, Peter smiled and turned with the last box in hand and began back down to what he already was thinking of as his sanctuary.  Where a tall glass of rye and coke was waiting for him along with enough Oxys to kill an elephant.  He was suspecting that there was going to be a lot of time spent down here for him.
He placed the boxes down and retrieved his drink to bring with him back to the maze that was the storage area.  He put Allies boxes down at the front arranging them so that should she ever come looking for something she would see those first and hopefully not venture too far into his stuff.  He didnt want to chance her finding his stash even though it was well hidden, the further she stayed from it the better.
He took his drink into the maze of boxes looking for somewhere quiet to enjoy it and feel the hit of the alcohol on his drug loaded mind.  That calming, the little hit of energy the feeling that everything was okay in the world.  The hang over could still be felt sitting there on the edge of his mind and he relished the fact that with every sip from the glass he could feel it receding.  It would be back unless he kept up drinking all day but he didnt think of that, right now it was all about enjoying that feeling of receding pain.
As he got a little drunk everything seemed to feel easier, everything seemed to fall into place nicely.  That was the best thing about drinking, the confidence boost that it gave him.  That jump to confidence was what was lacking from the oxys so the Alcohol was a nice change.  
The problem with drinking in the morning was that when he glass was empty he always wanted another, and another.  He had spent many days making the mistake of getting trashed before two in the afternoon and sleeping until eight at night, wasting an entire day passed out drunk and being unable to get to sleep at night without adding more alcohol on top of his drowned mind.  While he was enjoying that first glass, that was the best time.  After that he was either craving another glass or staring at another glass feeling too drunk for how early it was in the day.
The waste of time and lack of control was part of the reason he had switched to the pills.  Although drinking had its advantages the pills had more and he preferred that, he preferred the control and ability to better manage his dosing.  There was always a feeling of being out of control when he was drinking and he did not like that, if he was out of control mistakes could be made, things that should never be said could be revealed.
He left the empty glass on one of the side tables on his way up, Allie had not seen him bring it down and it could raise suspicion if he bought an empty glass stinking of booze up from the basement.  He doubted Allie would be astute enough to notice but he didnt want to risk it.  He had to watch things like his unhealthy drinking habits around her now, she couldnt know because she wouldnt understand and shed think he needed help.  She didnt understand that he was getting help, that the drugs were his help, that the drinking was a side effect of a much larger problem.
Allie was back upstairs, he could hear her moving around.  There were considerably fewer boxes on the main floor, the ones that were down here needed to be sorted through.  With Allie safely upstairs he decided to sneak another drink, an extra strong one to last him over for the rest of the day.  Being a little drunk would also help get him motivated to unpack.
The glass was mostly rye, the coke was just to add a little colour.  He took a nice large swig, feeling the burn as it slipped down his throat and dumped into his stomach.  It was already churning with the drugs and the glass he had just drunk.  He would have to watch his consumption for the rest of the day or he might find himself bent over the toilet.  It would suck having to throw up, mostly because it would be a waste of the drugs he had taken.  Allie would just assume it was his hang over catching up with him, but they had mostly resolved their little fight so she would probably end up taking care of him versus making him feel bad for going out and getting too drunk.
He didnt want to have to chance going through all that so he went back down stairs and stashed away his glass of rye, he could come down here throughout the day and sneak swigs whenever he felt his buzz lifting, it would be enough to keep him going and by spacing it out he wouldnt puke.
Years of drinking and drug use had put him in tune with his body in a way that others would be envious of.  He felt a conversation with his internal organs, and he could tell when they were about to rebel against him and expel the poison he was dumping on them.  These were things one became infinitely familiar with while trying to stay solid drunk for two years like he had.
After the killing, after the worry of discovery had subsided he had decided to never kill again.  This was a good sentiment, the problem was that every part of him had wanted nothing more than to watch a child die at his hand, to watch any person die.  He found himself reliving and fantasizing about his killing constantly.  So he had started drinking to escape all that and control those urges.  
For two years with no real breaks he had kept an even drunk going, buzzed during the day and often getting blackout drunk at night.  Taking the bus to work because there was no way he could risk operating a vehicle.  His job performance stayed constant, mostly because of his intelligence.  He could have got a few raises and promotions but being under the influence constantly kept his performance on a simple, doing just enough to keep his job, level.
Then he had hurt his back and he discovered the pills.  They helped him get through the detox of the alcohol and gave him the feeling of controlling his urges that he craved.
Those years of drinking had given him a very close attachment to his stomach and what it could and could not handle, and right now it could not handle any more alcohol.  The pills also lowered his tolerance and he was guessing took a toll of their own on his stomach.  He knew the acetaminophen in them was probably damaging his already wrecked liver.  So mixing those two things was something to avoid the issue was that it felt so good to be drunk and on the pills and he was finding himself doing that more and more often.
   The day went by with him helping Allie and stealing drinks when he felt the urge.  He was good at keeping himself under control even when he was pretty drunk.  Allie didnt notice which was partly due to his years of experience and partly due to her preoccupation.  She wanted to get fully moved in today and was thus running around and not really focused on Peter and what he was doing.
By the time she was working on the last box Peter had finished his massive glass and brought the empty cup upstairs.  He poured himself a weaker more reasonable dose, it being close to dinner time this would look normal to Allie and would also make the stench of booze coming off his breath have a definite source covering up the fact that he was fairly drunk.  If he had two glasses he could even let himself relax a little and Allie would just think he was a little buzzed.
You want a drink baby? he called upstairs where Allie was sorting her clothes into the dresser.
Sure just not too strong Im pretty hungry, she shouted down.
Peter knew what she liked and mixed the perfect screwdriver for her.  He ignored what she had said about not making it too strong knowing that he could cover the taste of the extra vodka with a little grenadine.  If Allie got a little drunk she would be less suspicious, more relaxed and easier to handle.
He brought her drink up to the bedroom carrying his in his hand, the ice clinking in the glass.
Im just going to order something, any preference? he asked handing her the screwdriver.
I dont know, Chinese maybe? she sat back in a pile of clothes, her stuff was scattered everywhere.
Sounds good to me, Peter had to fight to not slur his words.  
Just get the usual, I should be done this in like twenty minutes so order now I guess, Allie said.
Okay, Ill be downstairs, Peter was not really thinking about eating.  The thought of food sort of turned his stomach, but he knew that he had to eat something.
The order placed he sat on the couch and turned on the television hoping to find something decent to watch.  He was feeling tired, every action was becoming a challenge the day of boozing and drugs had caught up with him.  A good night sleep tonight though and he would be ready for work in the morning.  To top it all off the move was done which was nice because now he could go back to normal life.
He sipped his drink slowly, he had had enough for the day even though that all too familiar part of his brain was urging him to keep going, to drink until he was good and wasted.  It was hard to ignore but he had to, he couldnt afford to miss a day of work tomorrow, and he couldnt afford to let Allie see him getting totally wasted on what was essentially a week night.  
He would have to watch that kind of stuff now, if he was going to become normal he supposed he should at least keep it up when it came to his drinking as well.  He didnt want to become an alcoholic again and he didnt want Allie to see him as an alcoholic.  He just reassured himself by reminding himself that he always had the pills and that they would give him the little boost to get through the day.
He was not even thinking about killing which was nice, a side effect of drinking.  The pills didnt cover that part of him up as well as the booze did so he enjoyed the lack of an urge to kill.
Allie came down with her glass empty.  When she started talking Peter could tell that she was already a little drunk.  She was a light weight and Peter liked that because it meant that she wouldnt really keep track of the booze which meant that he could drink all he wanted if he chose to and she would not really notice that bottles kept getting emptied and replaced.  
Despite this he figured that it would be best to stash a few bottles down stairs in his sanctuary.  Leave a few glasses down there with some coke and he could always be able to sneak a drink or two.  Not that he really needed that, but he liked having the option.
She sat down on the couch and the doorbell rang.  Peter paid for the dinner and they ate in near silence.  Both of them too tired to really talk and Peter found that as soon as he started eating he was ravenously hungry.  The food calmed his stomach and he felt a lot better as they turned on a movie and got comfortable on the couch to watch it.
He was feeling well enough to mix himself one last drink for the night, a good half and half of rye and coke.  Allie didnt have another but she didnt think it odd that he was still drinking.  Since they had started dating she had always seen him as a drinker, not an alcoholic or anything like that but just a guy that liked to have a few drinks. 
Allie fell asleep half way through the lame action movie they were watching.  Peter took the opportunity to mix himself another drink.  He was getting back to that nice happy spot of being perfectly drunk yet still in control.
When he came back to the couch Allie woke up confused.
You fell asleep, he told her, the movie was still playing the light from the television filling the dark room.
Hmmm, what time is it, he groggy voice filled his ears.
Late, do you wanna go to bed? he asked.
Yeah, are you coming? she sat up and began to stand.
Im just going to finish this and watch the rest of the movie then Ill be up, he said.
Okay, I love you, she headed for the stairs.
I love you too, he said as she climbed up the bedroom.
With Allie in bed Peter knew that he could now spend the rest of the night getting drunk.  He had taken another oxy to keep that part of his brain happy, and the part that was yelling at him to just go to bed was almost silenced by the drugs and alcohol.  He knew that he could manage to go to work hung over.  He had done it plenty of times before.  It would probably be easier too because he had the pain killers to kill his head ache.
   Being drunk alone at night was one of his favorite things, it was where he could think and do anything he really wanted and actually enjoy it.  He could mindlessly surf the internet, he could watch bad movies he could do things that normally he would hate and actually enjoy them.  It was like the loss of intelligence caused by the drinking made things that would normally be boring stimulating.
He also enjoyed being alone as something of a rule.  He liked spending time with Allie but his best time was when he was alone and could think freely.  He made a point of not letting his mind wander when he was around others, even those that he trusted.  A wandering mind for someone like him could be dangerous.
Now, as he checked out useless information on his laptop he only half paid attention to what he was reading.  Mostly he was just exploring the depths of his own mind that he felt only opened up when he was alone.  An odd fantasy that he had was one that involved killing Allie, he didnt know why, but part of it involved eating her.  He wanted her to become a part of him, he wanted to consume her.  It was like sometimes he wanted to hug her until she was a part of him but he knew that that was impossible so eating her seemed to be the only other option.
It was something he knew, or at least hoped, that he would never follow through with.  He couldnt imagine actually killing the woman he loved, or felt that he might love.  Besides, he would be the prime suspect if she went missing, the boyfriend always was, and her friends would probably point to him as well, they always seemed to sense that something was different about him.
He moved away from that line of thought and onto something else he always seemed to check when he was drunk.  He poured another stiff drink and searched the name of the girl he had killed those years ago.  Clarissia Barnes, he had done a little research on her before making her his victim.  He liked to search her name to see if any news stories came up besides the initial ones reporting her missing.  It was good to keep informed on any progress they might be making in finder her body.  He hated doing this and that was why he only did it when he was drunk, he knew that if he was ever a suspect in the case having her name in his search history would not help his case.  He always deleted his history but he knew that with technology nothing could ever be truly deleted.
There was nothing new coming up, just old articles that he had read many times over.  Some of the articles had even been taken down, the story was so old that it was slowly being pushed off into the archives of the papers.  That was good he didnt like the fame that had sprung up around the story, even though it was brief.  The more eyes looking at something the more chance that one of them might spot an irregularity.
The fact that he had moved out of state around that time also looked a little odd, not that he was even a suspect but with so many on lookers anything even remotely suspicious drew attention.
He was scrolling through the search results when something caught his eye.  A blog that was still being regularly updated.  It was called Find Clarissia and it documented the families search for her.  Using donor money and basically all the disposable income at hand they were paying a few private investigators to continue the search where the police had left off.
This was not here the last time Peter had searched her name, and according to the oldest post it was at least two years old.  That meant that before it had been buried in the results but now that it was near the top that meant that it was getting more hits, becoming more popular.  There was still a search going on, a search for her which was essentially a search for him.
The posts indicated that they were starting to find things that had been missed, little things that he had been unable to avoid.  The tiny mistakes that haunted him, mistakes like taking his face cover off while he was driving.  They had found a witness who was able to give a vague description, nothing damning but still something.  The police had missed that because they had only looked for suspicious vehicles, this family was interviewing every person in the area she went missing, trying to grab anything they could.  One old lady remembered something, even though it was years ago, she remembered seeing a man take a face warmer off in his car and the reason she remembered was because it had been so warm.  She had written it down in a journal and when the investigator came by she went to that page and remembered.  
His face filled with heat, drops of sweat leaked from his pores.  It was nothing, it really was, but it was still something more then what the cops had found and that was concerning.  The fact that they were still looking was concerning.
The rest of the blog was mostly just them lamenting the fact that they were finding nothing or them thinking they had found something which Peter knew was nothing because it didnt actually relate to him.  That was a little reassuring, but he did not like the fact that they were even looking.  He had severely underestimated the tenacity of parents who had lost a child.  Maybe if they found a body they would get some closure and leave it alone, but a body would mean that the case would get reopened and he could not be sure that he had left no evidence on the body.  One could never be sure, it was impossible to get every bit of evidence even with fire.  Sometimes things just refused to die.
 Sleeping would now be difficult despite the drugs and irresponsible amount of alcohol.  He had to try though, he had to go to work tomorrow there was no way around it.  The hang over was going to be shitty and he was going to be dead tired but the oxys would help a little.  He just had to stop worrying about this murder they would never find something, there was no chance that a few private investigators would discover something that an army of cops had missed.  He was safe, but there was still that little nagging factor of worry in the back of his head, that little bit of fear surrounding him getting discovered and having everything in his little safe world that he had created come crashing down around him.
As he snuck into bed beside Allie he traced patterns of the ceiling above him, the one lit by the dim light seeping in from the street.  Allie moaned and rolled over but didnt wake up to notice the time.  He was coming to bed at a very late hour and didnt want her to notice.  Sleep came easier than he had anticipated, his body was worn out from the day and his mind and the worries that plagued it could not over power the fatigue caused by a day of drinking, drugs and unpacking.
The alarm came too early, he was not ready to get up, the comforting black was something he really didnt want to leave.  It didnt help that he was entering a world filled with pain as his head throbbed with a life of its own.  Allie was still sleeping, she didnt start work until later but the alarm had brought her to the surface enough to mumble something.  Peter didnt catch it but it sounded like his name, he couldnt be sure.
It was still dark which was nice because any light right now would kill him, his eyes felt like they had been sucked back into a void in his skull, a void created by his brain imploding which explained the pain.  It was not as bad as the previous morning, mostly because he had not drank as much as the previous night but also because the second hang over was always a little easier, maybe because his brain was so used to them it adjusted quickly.
He went to the bathroom after grabbing the little baggie of pills from his side table and popped the last two back with a large glass of water before heading down stairs.  It was nice knowing that the head ache would soon be gone and that the feeling of general depression and anxiety that always followed a night of drinking would go with it.  He went to the basement and refilled his personal stash from his main storage of pills.  He debated grabbing a quick drink to start the day but decided against it, he didnt want the come down from a little buzz to hit him when he was at work.
A small bowl of cereal was enough to quiet his stomach and its incessant ramblings against him and his bad choices.  It never shut up completely though and he hated it because of that.  Being constantly reminded of the fact that he was poisoning himself in order to stay normal was not pleasant.  His stomach was always reminding him, it didnt understand that this was the reason he avoided doctors, he didnt like being told that he was killing himself.
A cup of coffee later and he felt worlds better, not perfect but well enough to head off to work with a feeling of contentment.  As he got dressed he woke Allie so she could start getting ready, they kissed and he was off to work.
The office was a nice place and although he didnt enjoy his job he didnt hate it, which was more than could be said for most people.  The money was nice, people were friendly and his boss was bearable.  The fact that he hadnt been fired when he was drinking attested to how easy his work was.  There was also that connection in his head in which he knew that without work he couldnt afford drugs and without drugs he couldnt maintain normalcy and without that he would probably get arrested for killing someone.  It was only a matter of time and this was something he knew, it was something he couldnt control and the only path to freedom was the path lined with the beautiful brick of opiates running alongside a river of rye and beer.
As he was leaving for lunch he saw some men in suits outside that he had not seen before.  They were talking to one of his co-workers, Harry, a nice enough guy who Peter sometimes went for drinks with after work.
Harry pointed to him and the suits turned and started heading his way.  It was then that Peter saw the badges hanging around their necks and the guns holstered at their sides.  His adrenal gland instantly opened a floodgate of adrenaline into his system and he was in fight or flight mode before they had even taken two steps.
The thought of running crossed his mind but that would only make things worse.  So he smiled and started walking toward them, guilty people never walked toward the cops.
Can I help you guys, Peter saw Harry standing by the entrance to the office, watching what was happening.  He instantly hated him.
Are you Peter Lawson? both investigators looked the same.
Yes thats me, whats going on? 
Do you know this man? the other cop pulled out a picture of John.
Peters heart dropped.  On one hand it wasnt about Clarissa, but from the looks of things he was either going to go to jail for drugs or at the very least John was going to jail and Peter was going to lose his supply.
No idea, Peter said.  He was a very good liar and hoped that this might save him.
 Well then explain why we have pictures of you visiting his pharmacy twice in the last month, the other cop pulled black and white surveillance images from his pocket.
I visit that pharmacy I guess.  Am I supposed to remember the name of every person who works at every store I go to? Peter said getting a little aggressive hoping it would help him.  If they had images of him going into the pharmacy then they would probably have seen him and John going off to make the exchange for the actual drugs.
So he does look familiar? the other cop said.
Not really, Im terrible with faces, I wouldnt remember your faces either.  What is this all about anyway? Am I under arrest? Is this an official interrogation? Peter asked, he knew he had to start asserting rights.  If they had solid evidence against him then he would have been arrested by now.
No nothing official, just conducting an investigation, cop one said.
The man was caught selling prescription drugs illegally, the other cop said.
Well thats terrible, but I cant really be much help with that, Peter said.  The baggie of pills in his pocket felt a lot heavier and he wanted to get out of this situation.
If anything comes up contact us, the first cop handed him a card.
Well be in touch, they both turned and headed back to their unmarked car.
Peter was standing there, what did they have on him?  He knew that his little drug scheme was over, but what about the consequences to him.  If they did a little searching on his name they would see that he had been busted for false prescriptions and surely come back to him.  It was pretty obvious, a guy who had been falsifying prescriptions to get oxys hanging out at a pharmacy just busted for selling oxys.
Harry was still standing there staring, Peter made eye contact and he turned and went inside.  Peter got in his sun warmed car and drove, he didnt know where but he needed to think.  Eating was now the last thing on his mind.
He just drove, happy to still have the pills that he did.  It was time to take inventory of the problems that had just popped up, the main one being that his supply of drugs had been cut off and he was back to where he was a few weeks ago, rationing pills and trying to quit.  The next issue was the potential for him to get investigated more thoroughly and most likely found out, putting him in an awkward place in terms of criminal charges.  The third problem was that if he did get investigated Allie would find out, especially if he got charged.  In that case the nice little normal life he had been trying to build would come crashing down around him.  There was also the issue of him losing his pills and thus losing the way he had of controlling his urges.
He kept driving, he had to be back at the office in a few minutes and he knew it would look bad for the cops to come question him then have him disappear for the rest of the day.  He was going to go back he just needed time to think, needed to escape a little.
There were always other ways to get the oxys, he would have to find some street sellers or something but he had no idea how to go about this.  His whole life he had lived in a quiet suburbia, working hard to impress people and make sure he was smart enough to outwit them.  He knew that none of those skills would really come in handy for what he was looking to do.  It didnt help that he was an older white guy and that any dealers out there would instantly just assume he was an undercover cop.  
With locating drugs on the street pretty much impossible that left either getting sober and controlling his urges in other ways or returning to the alcohol which was messy and would defiantly not work now that he was living with Allie.
He would just have to white knuckle his way through this detox and hope that he would be able to manage everything else going on in his life.  It would be hard but he could do it, he was better then what was controlling him.  The killing had to stop, he could not handle the stress. Then again, if he made it something he did very seldom, something he took his time with and did right, then he could manage everything.  A nice kill once a year would keep everything in check and not put too much stress on him.  He knew that he couldnt just up and move like he had done last time but he had also not been caught for last time either, he had already gotten away with one murder.
There was so much to figure out, he really just did not want to face it all.  So he went back to work and took another pill.  The day went by slowly, all he wanted was to get out of there and make it home, pour himself a drink and sit and think about what had transpired today and where that left him.  He needed to come up with a different plan for the future, drugs were too unstable, too hard to get a steady source for, so he had to find a different method, something more long term.
As he was logging out and getting ready to leave his boss stopped him.  Richard was a large man, imposing in stature but as far as people went he was a nice enough guy.  Peter was convinced that he knew about him coming to work drunk for a few years and hadnt fired him because he had compassion for someone who was clearly struggling.  Nothing had ever been said about it to lead him to that conclusion but he had made the connection himself.  There was no way Richard had missed the fact that Peter always reeked like booze, and that his job performance had dipped significantly during that year.
So I heard that some police came by today, Richard said.  Peter hated Harry even more, he had thought they were friends.  Peter hated when people approached things that were awkward but tried to be tactful about it.
Yeah, it was something silly, Peter said.
What was it? Richard asked.  His tone indicated that he thought Peter was in some kind of trouble and that he had no issue firing him if that was the case, Peter had used up all his favors.
I went to a store that was being watched by the police, they were just questioning everyone who had been there recently, Peter said.
Okay, just wondering, wanted to make sure everything was alright, Richard said.
Yeah no issues, pretty routine, Peter said.  He was still packing his things and was trying to look as casual as he could manage.
Well have a good night then, Richard said.
You too, see you tomorrow, Peter smiled acting like they were the best buddies on the planet despite the fact that in his head he was picturing strangling him to death and watching as the life left his eyes.
The ride home gave him more time to think, and the more he thought the more worried he got.  It felt like a net closing in on him, he did not like having the eyes of the police on him.  Then there was the issue of the private investigators that were still looking for any signs of Clarissa.  Things were beginning to feel like they were crashing down around him. 
What he really wanted to do now was sell everything and move, escape all this watching.  He knew that it would follow him but at least he would be out of this town, out of this place where things were getting a little too close to him.
Allie was home already, this put his guard up.  Normally she would be home later then him, he hoped that the police had not talked to her, he didnt need for her to have any reason to be suspicious, suspicious people investigated things.
Hey baby, youre home early, Peter said as casually as he could.
Just wanted to come home and have a nice dinner ready for you, she said with a smile rushing back to the kitchen.
Peter did smell something delicious, and he had not had lunch today.  He let himself relax, there was no way that she would be doing all this if she were suspicious about something.
The cops also had no way to know if they were dating, that would have involved a little more investigation on their part, the fact that they had not talked to Allie was a little reassuring.  It meant that they were not looking too much into him and were actually just focusing on John.  It also meant that John was probably going away for a long time which meant a drug free life for Peter.
You didnt have to do that, I can cook too, Peter said.  He knew what to say, just didnt know that there was usually emotion behind it.
Well I wanted to cook for you anyway, Allie said from the kitchen where peter could hear pots and other cooking apparatuses crashing around.
Peter went upstairs and took off his work stuff, getting comfortable and heading back down.  He was upset about what had happened today, but he knew he would find a way to figure it all out and make it right.  He always did, that was why he was so much better than everyone else.
Dinner was Allies best attempt at making a Thai red curry with beef over rice.  It was not the best Peter had ever had but he told her it was.  After a day of no eating this went down perfectly.  The only thing that could have made it better was a pill after to take him through the night, but he had to start rationing now.  So he got himself a drink instead.
He downed it while they lounged around letting the large meal settle in their now bloated stomachs.
Ill clean up baby, you watch a movie or something and relax, Peter said. 
You sure? Allie said, Peter could tell she was really tired and only asking to be polite, she welcomed the rest.
Positive, now go find a movie or something on TV Ill be there when dinners all cleaned up, Peter said.
Allie went to the living room and Peter took their dishes into the kitchen.  Another stiff drink while he cleaned up and he was feeling good by the time he made his way to the living room.  He had another drink for himself in one hand and a drink for Allie in the other.  He knew she wouldnt refuse it if he just made it without asking.
Thanks babe, She said accepting the drink.
They sat down and spent the night watching television.  Peter hated that they did this, felt it was a total waste of time and their short lives but Allie loved this crap so he put up with it.  The alcohol helped make it bearable.
The night went by and Peters mind wandered in the dim haze induced by three strong drinks that probably came out to about eight or nine ounces of rye by the size of his pours.  Allie drifted off to sleep and Peter helped her up to bed, he contemplated joining her but decided to head to the basement to have a drunk think on what the past few days would mean to him.
With the television in his little theater as background noise and his laptop for internet access he made another large drink, downed it and poured another to sip on.  He was conscious of the need to pace himself, working hung over would be more difficult if he was also trying to ration out the pills.
Why did the world accept alcohol but not drugs, his life would be so much easier if he could just buy the pills with the same ease he bought the rye he drank almost every night.  The world sucked and he felt even more alienated from it than usual, like everything was pitted against him.  He went on the blog that Clarissas parents had set up, there was nothing new of any consequence, but they were still updating daily.  This was upsetting, a little nagging worry he didnt need right now.
He was being actively hunted, and now being investigated for drugs, these last few days had been rough.  He wanted to kill someone really kill someone, watch them die, feel them die.  He wanted to kill a cop, kill Clarissas parents, kill Richard, kill Harry kill everyone.  That was something he could do in a perfect world, but he didnt live in a perfect world and he would have to now cope with all these people hunting him, asking questions, watching, and he had no outlet.
There was fear, there was also anger at why some people just couldnt let go, there was anger at everything surrounding him.  The problem with alcohol was that it made him angrier when he was already mad at something.  Some marijuana would help him now but he didnt like using that because he felt it made him too stupid and stupid people let their guard down and got arrested.
He just drank some more and tried to think of some positives.  Why did all this have to come up now, when he was finally getting his life on track to some kind of normalcy?  Why did it all have to start crashing down around him?  He was just trying to start the life that everyone had always wanted him to live, to be a productive member of society and to begin doing what was expected of societys members.
The more he thought the more he began to rage against everything that was conspiring against him.  The sad thing was that if he was just an addict, just a normal guy addicted to drugs people would have pity on him.  People would be getting help for him and saying he had a disease and that he needed to be treated and let to live a normal life.  But because he had killed a little girl, because he enjoyed killing people so much, he was an outcast.  He was forever on the outside of society, with nothing left for him but a prison cell.  
Sure he could get help with his addictions but there was no way he could get help for his urges.  He didnt need help, he was above help.  Life had put him in this corner and he would have to fight life to get out of it.  He didnt need the drugs, he could watch his alcohol intake to stay some level of drunk yet under control, he could manage this.
He went to bed feeling full of confidence that everything was going to work out and that this little bump would soon be something in the past. 
The morning came too fast again, he needed more sleep.  The consecutive late nights of drinking were beginning to take a toll, he had lost his ability to bounce back as effectively as he had done in the past.  The withdrawal was not doing anything to help him feel any better, his head was pounding and he felt like he was on the verge of vomiting.  His side of the bed was soaked in sweat, it felt like he had had a bucket of water dumped on him while he slept.
He stumbled to the bathroom in too much pain to notice that Allie was not in bed.  With the door closed and the light on he looked at himself in the mirror.  He was pale to the point of having a green hue, the bags under his eyes made it look like he had been punched out, his cheeks were sunken in, he looked as bad as he felt.
The pills were in the pocket of his pajamas from last night, he had got into the habit of keeping them with him at all times.  He took two with a full glass of water and drank another glass for good measure.  If he bought food on the way to work he could go back to bed and relax while he waited for the drugs to come on.  Part of the reason he hated drinking was this, the amount of pain after.  Part of it was caused by the withdrawal he was going through but he knew that a lot of the pain was from his old companion, alcohol.
Back in bed he flopped into the damp spot where he had spent the night tossing around.  It was then that he noticed Allies absence.  He was going to get up and try looking around for her, but decided against it.  She had probably just woken up early and was eating downstairs or something.
The pills usually took twenty minutes to start their magic so he set his alarm and laid back waiting for that little hit of bliss.  He was floating on that mythical place that is the verge of sleep, having half dreams where he was still in partial control but not quite fully lucid.  Most of them were stress dreams about being arrested, being at work.
He was at work and Richard was interrogating him about what he was on.  Asking him questions about his drug use and the history surrounding it.  He was trying to deny everything but it was getting harder and harder.  He was about to let everything come out, about to tell the entire truth about to incriminate himself forever.  His alarm saved him from this horrible ending, he came back awake, still tired but feeling a lot better.
Downstairs Allie was sitting at the table staring at her breakfast but not eating it.
Good morning baby, whats wrong? Peter asked.
Hm, oh nothing, Allie looked kind of scared, startled by his appearance.  She was pulling away from him a little.
Why are you up so early? Peter asked getting a little concerned.  There was something stirring in the back of his head, a memory of sorts, something from last night when he had gone to bed.
Couldnt sleep, Allie said taking a bite of scrambled egg.
Oh, is there any coffee, Peter was on guard, he was trying to access that blurry memory blocked by alcohol.
Yeah, Allie looked at her eggs, you really dont remember do you?
What? Remember what? Peter was sort of remembering something.
Last night, what you told me?  When you were drunk and shaking, Allie looked at him now.
Peter started furiously trying to recall what had transpired, there was that memory there but he could not get to it.  Barricaded behind layers of darkness imposed by multiple substances.
No, he trailed off.
Well then, Ill leave you to try and remember it yourself, Allie said, now she sounded angry, but about what?
Was it about being a little bit of an alcoholic? Peter asked.
No I already knew that, Im not that stupid, Allied said.
How long had she known?  And why had she never brought it up?  Was she okay with his excessive drinking? Could he have gotten away with being more blatant with it this entire time?
Well what was it?  Please just tell me so I can explain now that Im sober, Peter said.
Are you really sober? she asked sounding condescendingly skeptical.
So its about the drugs then? Peter said.
You need to get into treatment, was all she said, she wasnt looking at him.
Do you know why I take them? Peter asked.
I dont know, but Im sure you have a reason, every addict does, she said.
Look, Im getting clean, I lost my supplier, Peter said.
I know you did, you told me that last night, you really dont remember any of it do you? she asked.
No, I guess I was drunker then I thought, Peter said.
You came to bed and passed out as usual, then I woke you up around three, you were shaking and sweating, I thought you were sick and you explained everything to me, she said.
Peter was grateful that he had not told her the real reason for his substance abuse, if he had done that then she would not be here right now.  So now all he had to do was convince her that he was getting sober and they could move on from this, it was not as tragic as he had been ready for.  He realized that in the back of his head he had been ready to kill her.  Ready to kill the one person in his life just to keep himself out of jail, to keep his secret hidden.
Well its true, I do have a little bit of a problem, but its so hard to stop, Peter said.
I know that, I really do, but you need to get help, you have to stop, this can kill you, Allie said.
I know that, please just let me try on my own, I need to taper down, finish off the last little bit in my supply and then Ill never touch the crap again, Peter said.
I know how hard these things can be to quit, Allie started.
Give me two weeks, Peter interrupted, if Im not clean by then Ill check myself into rehab I promise.
I just dont want to lose you, Allie said.
I know, but understand that rehab is a big deal, its a large step, its an admission of some kind of failure and Im not ready for that, Peter just wanted to make this whole mess go away.  He was more concerned with keeping the whole sociopath thing hidden, the drugs and alcohol he could care less about.
I get it, and I guess two weeks will let you get everything in order, Allie said.
Thank you for understanding, I love you, Peter said.
I love you too, Allie said.
They hugged and held it for longer than usual.
Now I got to get ready for work, Peter said.
You sure youll be able to work? Allie asked.
Im just going to feel really sick all day, but Im tapering so it should be manageable, Peter said.  He was fully aware that he had a two week supply at full dose stashed away downstairs, if he rationed he could easily make that last a month.  He was already planning on keeping on for at least that long.  He needed to while he monitored the whole Clarissa situation, and waited on the drug investigation and if any charges were coming his way from that.  He needed something to help with the stress.
It was odd that Allie had left everything off so easily, he had been expecting some catastrophic blowout had she ever found out.  It felt odd, after hiding everything from her for so long to have it all or most of it- come out in the open with no real consequences.  Of course she thought that he was working hard at getting sober on his own which was not the case, so maybe she just trusted him too much.  He didnt know why he had expected something horrible to happen if she found out, the worst case scenario was that she left him.  He didnt want to be alone but that was all that could really happen, he had been catastrophizing the whole event in his head, which had caused him a lot of undue stress, there was no real reason to bother hiding it anymore.  
He was his own person, his own man in his own house, she was his girlfriend and if she could not accept him with the drinking and drugs then she would just have to leave.  The alternative was much worse then what he was doing and she could never know that so she would just have to accept it.
He guessed that she could always go to the cops, with the ongoing investigation against him that could only end in some form of trouble.  She wouldnt do that though, and he didnt want to lose her and compromise his quest for normalcy, so he would keep hiding it.  The drugs at least, the alcohol could be more open, there was nothing legally she could do to him with the alcohol.  It was not like he beat her when he was drunk or anything, he was actually the same to her when he was drinking.  For her there was no negative to his being a drunk so she could really not complain.  Why should she care if he had to destroy his body in order to control his mind?
It still all felt a little too easy and that was making him nervous, he really hoped that there was not some kind of intervention being planned, it would be a very awkward situation for him.  There was another option that made the risk of intervention much lower and gave off the image of him taking charge of everything.  He would start going to AA meetings, they were just enough to keep Allie off his back and were not a significant time investment on his part.  They would also have no say over him from a legal standpoint, not like something more extreme like rehab.
He went upstairs where Allie had gone after their conversation, she had not finished her breakfast.  Peter was not hungry either after that whole situation, the drugs were helping keep him calm though which was nice.  Facing this without the comforting blanket of drugs encompassing him would have left him lost.
The sound of the shower in the bathroom greeted his arrival.  He laid out his clothing for the day on the bed, a plain grey suit with a nice blue grey tie.  With Allie in the shower he had at least ten minutes free time to get everything for the day in order.  He ventured to the basement, all the up and down of the stairs taking a toll on his tired and hung-over body, he felt the need to begin exercising again.  Being in shape had its benefits especially now when it felt like the net was closing in around on him.  For all he knew he would have to run from the cop sometime when they came after him for the drugs, or even worse for Clarissa.
His stash was comfortably where it should be, hopefully he hadnt told Allie about it, the memory of last night was still buried behind the fog of a black out.  There was a need to ration now, unwillingly he was going to be tapering off the pills.  The option of finding a new supplier was out of the question, he had to quit now that Allie knew.  Quitting was the only option but that did not mean he had to like it.
Today would be three pills total, one now to add to the two he had already taken getting him nice and high before work.  Then one at lunch to keep the buzz going and one after dinner so that he could survive the night.  If he was going to sleep through the night he would need to get drunk as well, the detox would kick in around three when all the drugs would have metabolized out of his system.
He crushed up the first pill on the table he had in his entertainment room.  There was a box of tissues and he utilized these to facilitate his parachuting of the first pill.  He swallowed the little hobo bindle of drugs back with a shot of rye from the bottle stashed under the couch.  There was nothing in his stomach and the harsh liquor hit it like a cannon ball.  He bent over and waited for the nausea to pass as it always did.  The hit of nausea after taking a morning shot was always a quick hit and this one was gone faster than usual.  The drugs from earlier were keeping everything under control down there.
He could hear the water shut off, Allie was done her shower.  He made his way upstairs to the kitchen to grab a quick something to eat because he knew if he didnt he would feel like shit in less than twenty minutes.
Some bread with butter calmed his roiling stomach and he was in the bedroom in time for Allie to leave the bathroom encompassed in towels.  
Done in there? he asked, it felt weird trying to be normal after what had transpired the night previous and this morning.
All yours.  Ill probably be gone when youre out, got an early shift, Allie shook her hair out of the turban towel.
Okay, have a great day baby and Ill see you tonight, Peter wanted to get into the washroom before she went in for a kiss, he didnt want her smelling and tasting the fresh alcohol on his breath.
Call me if you need any help or anything, she offered as he was closing the door.
I will, dont worry baby Ill be fine, he knew he would be.  He was going to be bringing his flask to work today in case the withdrawal became too much to deal with.  It was always good to have a backup plan, he had learned that one from stalking and killing. 
I love you, she said as he closed the door.
You too, in a rush, sorry, he shouted from behind the door.  He was actually in a rush, the morning had taken longer than he had anticipated and he really did not want to be late to work especially after yesterday.
He showered quickly, the bathroom still a jungle from Allies hot rainstorm.  He was dressed and out the door in what he felt was record time for a hung over, half-drunk guy rolling on three extra strength oxycodones.  He was only ten minutes late to work, not enough to even be noticed.
At his desk he stashed his large flask in the bottom drawer at the very back behind all his files and other debris in the drawer.  Just having it with him made him feel nice and relaxed, happy, in control just a little.  This was nice to have a little sense of control when it felt like everything else was falling apart around him.
Logging into his computer he began the mind numbing work that paid his bills and kept him alive.  He regretted driving to work because he really wanted to get drunk, getting drunk at work was always fun, but a DUI would be the icing on the cake for the way these few days had been going.  He would have to pace himself and keep on an even keel throughout the day.  Remember that he was drinking to help cope with the loss of the oxys not to replace them.  As much as he didnt want to he was going to have to sober up a little.  The pills had to go but he could always keep the booze hanging around, something to help him through the tough times, something to regulate the other more deadly craving.
He was busy pouring his second drink into his coffee mug and staring at the excel spreadsheet in front of him when the idea came.  Here he was killing himself, going through hell with drugs and alcohol and what was it all for.  The one reason it all came back to was his not wanting to kill again and the reason for that was because he was terrified of getting caught.  He hadnt been caught though, it might feel like the net was closing in but in reality all Clarissas family had going for her was some money coupled with private investigators.  He was really and truly in the clear from that whole mess, there was no reason to keep worrying about getting caught.
Why not kill again?  It would help him, if anything killing again was rapidly becoming one of the few options left to him.  The drugs were gone and the alcohol was going to start becoming something that was more and more difficult to hide and maintain without Allie getting concerned.  He knew he could pull it off, he had killed a little kid, a little girl for that matter and those killings were often the ones that garnered the most media attention and the most detailed investigation.  If he killed an adult he would be able to get off completely free, he had started with the most difficult crime first and got away with it, killing an adult would be even easier.
These thoughts raced through his head, filling him with more joy then having a stash of booze at work ever could.  He could maintain his normalcy and keep his urges in check.  He wanted to see the life drain from someones face again, wanted to feel the power that comes along with killing someone, he craved that amazing sensation, craved having that ability to alter the world.  He no longer had to suppress that with substances, he could feel that amazing power again, he just had to make sure he was careful.
It would be harder than his first killing because he would have to hide all his planning and stalking from Allie.  He could easily explain that away with some lie about going to AA, it would be trickier hiding the supplies he would need for an enjoyable kill.  
Clarissa had been simple and he always regretted that, if he had put in a little more work he could have savored the moment a little more.  This was offset by the knowledge that he was destroying a lot of lives when he extinguished hers.  Killing an adult would have less of an impact on others so he would have to make it mean more in the act.
That meant finding a place to keep his victim while he tortured them, buying supplies to bind a person properly as well as capturing them alive.  The issue with adults was getting them off the street alive, they fought a lot harder than children and were a lot less gullible.  If he didnt want the killing to be random he would have to find a way to get his victim into his vehicle.
The vehicle was also something he had to be careful with.  He would either have to steal a car or rent one under a false identity, cars held evidence.  This whole idea was rapidly forming into a plan inside his slightly cloudy brain.  He felt confident about this new course of action in his life.  He was tired of fighting for normalcy when every path he tried ended in some kind of denial.  It was time to maintain a normal life on the outside while he did something that he enjoyed.
There was a lot to figure out, and keeping it all secret from Allie would be difficult but he was confident in his ability to pull something like this off, he would just have to wait for the drug investigation to cool down.  Being followed by cops while trying to commit a murder was never optimal.  If he struggled through this month, rationing out his pills and controlling his drinking he was certain that the investigation would cool off enough for him to begin with the murder.  
The rye was flowing a lot more easily down his throat as he worked over details in his head about the best way to begin going about this whole scenario.  He was getting less work done and the alcohol was beginning to hit him pretty hard even though it was not even noon yet, but he was feeling good.  One little idea just popping into his head had changed his cloudy day to one where there was light breaking through.  It didnt make sense all the work he had been doing to avoid killing when he could just kill and be a lot less stressed then he was now trying to avoid it.
This time he would just have to man up better after the deed was done.  No running out of state, scared of the cops.  He had to trust himself and his abilities and then this would become a very enjoyable endeavor.  He was feeling good, like all the chips were falling into place.
That was when Richard came in.
Smells like booze in here, he said.  Peter was instantly in a rage but he controlled it.  Richard walking in here and instantly looking for something to attack him with.
Probably my hand sanitizer, Peter had instinctively pumped a squirt of the rubbing alcohol gel into his palms when he heard someone approaching his office.
Hm, Im sure, Richard said, I just wanted to make sure everything was okay with the little police incident from yesterday.
Yeah I told you yesterday that it was no big deal, Peter said.
I know but I like to make sure of these things, I cant have cops dropping by to interrogate my staff.  You do understand how that looks right, Richard said.
I know how it looks, but what do you want me to do?  Tell the cops to talk to me at a better time?  Not leave my house for fear of getting sucked into an investigation?  It was a little beyond my control Richard, Peter said, the alcohol making a little more aggressive than usual.  He could tell he had thrown Richard off guard.
Well I just heard it was about drugs and I wanted to make sure that my staff was not involved in anything illegal, Richard said, and I wanted to let you know that we are going to be instituting random drug tests.  I was just going around telling everyone because I am legally required to do that.
Peters heart dropped into his stomach.  Random drug testing meant that he was going to have to quit his pills sooner rather than later.  Normally he wouldnt be bothered, what he was using was a prescription pain-killer and he could just say that he had a medical reason for it and get off with no worry.  The only problem was that the police that were inevitably following him and watching his every move, looking for more evidence to either nab him or use him as a tool against John.  If he tested positive on a drug test then there would be something more the cops could use.  If there was any time to stop using it was now.  He would just take a week vacation and burn through the detox before coming back fresh and with the drugs out of his system.
Well thanks for letting me know, Peter said trying to sound like it didnt bother him.
Keep up the good work, Richard said, eying Peters blank spreadsheet.
Peter turned back to his desk and downed the stiff drink sitting in his coffee mug.  It looked like his plan had just been jumped foreword a little faster than he had hoped.  Although he might also have his first victim lined up.
Peter knew that killing Richard would be tricky, mainly because he was Peters boss and knew who Peter was.  It would also automatically put Peter on the suspect list along with everyone else in the office.  It would be tough, but would also be easier than Clarissa had been.  He already knew a lot of Richards habits from working with him for so long.  As long as the body never got found then no murder investigation could begin and he would not be a suspect.
Richard had been good to him while he was deep in the drink, but lately he was just being a bother.  It was like he felt that he had given Peter enough breaks and was going to come down hard on him until he either quit or Richard found a reason to fire him.  Killing Richard would not solve any work problems but it would feel great.
Mixing his fourth drink of the day he was feeling even better, then he had before.  The news of the drug tests had been good news because it forced his hand and made him decide to take action and resume his life as what it should have been all these years.  He was beginning to feel alive again, beginning to wake up from the self-induced unconsciousness he had subjected himself too.
He hadnt brought a lunch with him and regretted that when he stood up.  Standing up always made him realize how drunk he really was, he felt the earth rotating under him.  It also hit his stomach harder and he felt it flip over in knots, he was too drunk to get behind the wheel.  It looked like he was going to be living off of the vending machine for lunch today, which was better than a DUI.
For being as comfortably drunk as he was he still felt horrible physically.  His body was going through withdrawal and no amount of alcohol could really make that any easier.  If anything it was just making the nausea a little more difficult to deal with.  He did have the midday pill with him so he took that.
If he was going to be forced into sobering up faster than he had planned he decided to go on a little bender this week, take next week off for sobering up and preliminary planning and the week after that he could kill Richard.  It was the perfect month.  He was taking the crap that had been tossed to him and turning it into something better.
A snickers bar and a pill made up his lunch.  He also took a nap at his desk, the alcohol and pills were draining him of what little energy he had from his fitful sleep the night previous.  He also wanted to start sleeping off the almost full flask he had drunk so that he could drive home.  The prospect of having to stay awake for another four hours was daunting, then when he got home he still had to stay awake because Allie would be there.  All he wanted was some sleep.
Peter came up from his desk nap and decided to focus on the positives.  Like how when he got home he could take as many pills as he wanted.  How the rest of this week he could spend in a comfortable bliss of opiate cloud, and how his life felt like it was coming back together.
That all didnt change the amount of work and unpleasantness that was in store for him.  These next few weeks would be hell, detoxing and trying to plan a murder at the same time, but it would all pay off in the end.  It would all pay off as he watched the life leave Richards eyes, as the knowledge that he would never have to talk to him again filled his mind.  
In the meantime he did have to finish the work staring at him from his computer monitor.  Easy enough work, but work hed rather not do.  The rest of the day did go by mercifully quick, with no further surprises, Richard even left him alone.  He drank a little more just to keep his buzz on but didnt let it get to the point it had in the morning.  By the time he got behind the wheel he felt decently comfortable driving, not safe but comfortable.
He arrived home to find it empty.  Allie was still working, which was nice because he could pull out his stash and take inventory of it without having to sneak around.  Bingeing and the tapering would use the last of his supply, leaving no evidence behind.  Part of the reason he had been so infrequent a buyer from John was because he paced himself and his usage.  Most users were on a constant binge, while he just kept himself on a decent keel of steady dosing.  He would be super high this week but it would be great, like a mental vacation, and he was sure that he could maintain composure and normalcy while being that high.
Tolerance was more than just his bodys ability to handle the drugs, it was also mental and how much the drugs had an effect on him, how able he was to deal with everything while he was high.  He could be as high as a new user but he would be able to deal with more than they would just because he was used to operating under the influence where they were not.  
He packed up his pills and pocketed them, keeping them close.  He was going to start tonight with his nice little binge session.  It was exciting, looking forward to a week he knew was going to be amazing thanks to the chemicals that were going to be coursing through his veins.
He swallowed two and went upstairs to make himself something to eat.  Even with the loss of appetite not eating all day had him starving.  Allie would probably not be home for an hour.  He decided to cook something for them, she would be happy with dinner and hopefully not hassle him about last night and getting sober.  He just wanted to be left alone.
It would have been a lot better had she not moved in.  If it had just been a month later everything would be so much easier, but he had to deal with the cards he had been dealt.  It was kind of his own fault anyway, it was his idea to have her move in.  He just had not anticipated that everything else in his life would happen to fall apart right after and leave him regretting the decision.  
He had just tried to become something he was incapable of being and had to now accept that society did not want him to be normal.  He had to accept that he would have to kill, nothing else could come close to giving him that thrill.  If he couldnt have the drugs or the alcohol then he would have to have the killing, everyone needed an addiction.
He took another pill while he was cooking dinner.  It wasnt anything fancy, just a nice meat sauce with some spaghetti, but for a mid-week meal it was pretty decent.  He was just getting the water boiling when Allie came in the door.
Hey baby, he said from the kitchen.
Hi.  It smells good in here, she said walking toward the kitchen.
Yep, making some dinner, figured youd want something home cooked, he said.
Just let me get changed and Ill be down to enjoy it, Allie kissed him on the cheek as she retreated upstairs.
Peter added the pasta to the water and set the timer.  He had the table all set and drinks poured for the both of them.
He was starting to feel the effects of his after work dosing.  Combined with how tired he was already the pills were hitting him even harder, he was feeling pretty good when Allie came down.
So what did you make me? she asked even though she knew.
Just some spaghetti and meat sauce, Peter said draining the pasta.
Any veggies? Allie asked.
Theres a salad in the fridge I think, Peter said realizing that he had forgotten bread to go along with the dinner as well.  Not like it was a big deal.
Allie got up to grab the salad as Peter filled their bowls.  She was acting as if last night had never happened and that was nice, it was giving Peter a break from his worrying.  It did feel a little odd though.  He had figured that she would mention it at some point and the fact that she had not was making him think the morning had just been some weird dream.
Dream or not he was still going to stick with his plan.  He was not changing things up now, it was already too exciting.
They passed dinner with the usual small talk.  Talking about their respective days at work, talking about what they had seen on the news, that sort of talk.  Peter was feeling pretty high but was acting normal.  He guessed because he had been high so often everyone just assumed that his normal was the way he acted when high.  He knew he was high and that he was acting a little high, but everyone else just thought that that was what Peter was like.
Dinner went by without Allie bringing up anything about the morning, more and more it seemed unreal to him.  The food was welcomed by Peters empty and rotting stomach, it filled rapidly because it had shrunk to what felt like the size of a walnut.  He struggled down his bowl of pasta though, he didnt want Allie thinking that something was wrong.  It was hard but being high helped, he just kind of zoned out and swallowed everything down.
Allie asked, are you alright Peter, how is it all going?  He knew what she meant right away, this morning had not been a dream.
Good, kind of a little rough today but I made it through, he said lying and feeling no shame about it.
You seem alright, I thought youd be a little more sick or something, she said.
No, Im not going cold turkey or anything.  Thats a little dangerous, people die from that, he said.
I know, Just the way you described it made it seem like youd be a little more out of it, she said.
Well I am feeling a little bad, just not full withdrawal or anything, Im taking it slow so that I actually go through with it, he said.
I guess thats good, just I want to see you get better, remember you said
He cut her off, I know, I know, dont worry baby, its going fine.  I just didnt want the first day to kill me and totally discourage me from going through with it, he said.  
She was suspicious about how normal he was acting.  He made a mental note to act a little like he was going through some pain to throw her off a bit.  He had told her he was going to start right away with the sobering up.  Next week he wouldnt have to act at all, but for the rest of this week he was going to have to put on the academy award stuff.  No Oscar gold for him though only the nice juicy pay off of feeling Richards life drain away from under his hands.
I just worry.  I dont want to lose you or anything.  I cant have you dying or going to jail or something, she was sounding more and more upset.  He really hoped she didnt start crying, he hated when she cried, he never knew how to react.  When people showed unfiltered emotion he always found himself faltering to keep up the faade of normalcy.
Ill be fine, trust me I have this all under control, I dont want to let this crap run my life anymore trust me, this was partially true.  He was getting tired of all the hassle around drugs and drinking although the hassle around killing would be a lot more at least that had a larger pay off.
Okay, I wont bring it up anymore, Ill let you handle it.  I know its probably annoying to have me riding you about it, she said.
No its not, he lied, I know you care and that youre only doing it because you love me.
Still, Ill let you figure it all out, just know that if you need help I am here for you, she said with a smile.  There were tears in her eyes, but thankfully they had not breeched the dam.  He might get off without having to awkwardly comfort her.
I know youre here for me and that makes a world of difference, it really does.  It makes it easier knowing that I have someone to support me, he said hugging her.
She sobbed once and he tensed a little, waiting for the full cascade to begin.  It didnt and he was grateful, she had herself under control.  They broke from the long hug and she wiped the few tears from her eyes.
You cooked, Ill do the dishes, she smiled.
No, go relax, I can clean, he said hoping that she would force the issue.  He felt warm and relaxed all over and sitting down right now and popping another pill would be heaven.
Just go relax, its nothing, she started clearing the plates.
Okay, Ill find a movie or something, he went into the living room fiddling with the pills in his pocket on the way.  He had a glass of juice in his hand left over from dinner.
The living room, although attached to the kitchen was safe from view and he quickly pulled a pill from the baggie and swallowed it down with the rest of the orange juice.  Watching television while high was one of his favorite things.  Just zoning out, feeling totally relaxed yet awake enough to enjoy it.  He was a little foggy and his body was pretty run down from the drinking but he felt great.  It was going to be hard to give this up it was really a lot of fun.  The problem with murder was that it was never this relaxing and he enjoyed feeling relaxed.
There was a romantic comedy on one of the movie channels and he paused it while Allie did the dishes.  Normally he could not stand these movies but when he was rolling in the soft field that was an opiate high they were bearable.  The simple plots and relaxing music combined with corny jokes just worked.  It also scored him bonus points with Allie because she loved these things.
He heard the water shut off and she came into the room.  They got comfortable and watched the movie until Peter dozed off.  Allie woke him up when the credits were rolling.
Sorry, been a long day, he excused himself.
Its okay, lets go to bed, Allie said.
That night Peter slept better than he had in weeks.  Partially it was the drugs, part was that his body was so run down it just shut down, but mostly it was because his mind was at ease.  He had figured his life out and now it was just down to waiting.
The next week flew by and Peter flew with it on a fluffy cloud of Oxycodone.  It was near the end of the week that he began bracing for the long fall to the hard earth that was coming as the cloud disintegrated under him.  He had booked the next week for vacation and told Allie that he was going to be home all week facing the worst of the withdrawal.  
It had been a fight to convince Allie that she didnt need to take the week off too.  It was hard to force her to work but he needed her out of the house, part of the week was going to be in planning.  She had reluctantly agreed after he gave her a speech about facing his demons alone, about accomplishment in defeating them and some other bull.  He now had a week to deal with the unpleasantness of detox as well as the fun of planning, he was almost looking forward to it.  It was still going to be very unpleasant coming down from his happy little rainbow but it had to be done.
The day of his taper was rapidly approaching, he was tempted to start it sooner than planned because he was so anxious for it.  This was going to be the most pain he had been in for a very long time and he just wanted to get it over with like pulling off a band aid.  He forced himself to stick to the plan though and his last day was an enjoyable one.  
No one had noticed, to his knowledge, that he had been totally strung out for the past few days.  He was the highest he had ever been that he could remember and the day was not even done.  Allie was in bed and he was floating on the couch, she was convinced that he had been ill all week.  That was because he had been doing a very good job at acting sick, acting like he was going through the worst of it.  Because of this she had been giving him space and he had been using this space to actually enjoy himself, amuse himself, which was not hard when he was rolling on a bunch of powerful drugs.
He had not had anything to drink that week, partially because he knew it was a very bad idea with the amount of downers he was on and partially because he didnt want Allie seeing him drinking or smelling booze on his breath.  This night though as he was coming down from that peak he had been sitting on all day he wanted a drink.  Partially because he was scared for tomorrow and the pain that was going to start and partially because he wanted to get back to the peak without taking any more of his dwindling supplies.  He would still need the pills next week if he was going to survive this.
The drink was not that strong, having a shot would be like drinking a six-pack all at once due to the drugs he was on.  It still hit him harder than he had been expecting and he was riding high again.  Almost a little too high for his liking though, it felt like the drink might have been too much.  He must have been on the edge of overdose territory because with that drink he was now falling rapidly into unconsciousness.  It felt amazing, and as his breathing dropped to the level just above that of a corpse he blacked out.
Smart enough to not leave anything incrementing out there was no worry of Allie finding him accompanied by open liquor bottles and empties.  He would just look totally passed out and she would think that it had something to do with the detox that he was undergoing.
Peter never realized how close to death he had been that night, how thin a line he had walked as he lay on the couch.  His heart slowed to a near stop, his body was almost entirely shut down.  The super dose of opiates and alcohol had brought him to the edge of death and looking back on it maybe death would have been better then what happened.  At least if he had died there he would have taken only himself with him.
When he came around at eleven the next day Allie had already left.  It was a Saturday but she went to the gym in the morning.  She had seen him on the couch and put a blanket on him turning off the television as she left.  She would be back soon, it was late.
Peters head was a glass jar filled with nails.  Even though he had not drank more than that one drink he felt like he was going through one of the worst hangovers of his life.  The withdrawal had already started, it was going to be worse because of the bingeing.  His body was used to him dosing at seven in the morning and missing that dose by only a few hours had brought about the worst.
He knew that the one pill he took was only going to take the edge off a little.  Taking the edge off was enough because as things were he could hardly move.  He was soaked in sweat, his clothes felt like he had just emerged from a pool, he almost puked the pill back up he was so nauseous, it was sheer force of will that allowed him to keep it down.
By the time Allie walked in the door he was a little more under control but was still pretty bad.
Oh my god whats wrong? she rushed to him after laying eyes on him with his head in his hands sitting at the table.
Just bad withdrawal, he said breathlessly.  Speaking made him feel like puking and stole valuable oxygen from his lungs, which were already struggling to take in enough air.
You look horrible, she said getting him a blanket.
Yeah, this it hard part now, he said.  He knew that she had thought he had been drug sick the whole time, she had probably though the worst was over, now seeing him like this she realized that it had only just begun.
Youre so pale, she said, touching him and pulling her hand away from how wet he was, is that sweat? she asked.
Yeah, was all he said.
You have to drink something honey, youre really sick, she brought a glass of water.
No, Ill puke, Peter said still trying to keep that pill down.
But youre probably horribly dehydrated, she said.
Just give me a bit, he said.
Do you think that maybe you should take one? she asked.  He knew she meant one of the pills.  Right now it was tempting, he wanted one of those bastards more than anything.  He had to stick to just one though, had to keep to his plan or else he never would.
Already took one, just waiting, he said being honest.
Okay, if you think you need to go to the hospital or anything just let me know, she said.
Will do, Peter said.
Im just going to be in the shower upstairs, if you need something just come in, Im worried, you look terrible, she said.
Go, shower, Ill be fine babe, he said getting up and hiding the look of pain as a fresh wave of nausea almost knocked him over.
Okay, I love you.
Love you too.
She went up to the room reluctantly.  He could tell she wanted to stay.  She would be back down fawning over him for the rest of the day.  He knew her well enough to see this coming.  For the rest of the week she would be all over him, he was ready for that, he still didnt want it.  Feeling this shitty all he wanted was to curl up and be left alone.  Life wouldnt let someone do that though and he had to keep pushing forward.
When Allie came back down he was on the couch watching some childrens show on the television.  Kids shows always made him feel a little better when he felt like crap.  They were simple and relaxing and that was what he needed.  He also needed food but the single pill hadnt killed off the withdrawal nausea yet and he didnt want to chance eating anything.
Do you want me to make you something? she asked.
Not yet, just wait, he knew he had to eat soon.
Why is it so bad now?  You didnt seem this bad last week? she asked.
Dropped the dosage to one a day, this was a half lie, he was going to be taking two today and tomorrow then one a day after that until his baggie had only three pills left.  Those were his overflow in case anything went wrong or he needed them in the future.
Well maybe you should take another or something, she said.
No, not today, dont worry, Im not going to die, he said.
She came and sat beside him.  She started rubbing his leg and said,
Thank you for this.
Im doing it for me, he said.  He knew an addict was not supposed to quit for anyone else except themselves.  People were transitory but as long as a person was alive they always had themselves.  He was quitting to assist in pursuing a new addiction.
I know, but thank you, she said, Im going to make some oatmeal and youre going to eat it and hopefully that will make you feel better.
He did feel like he could chance eating so he didnt respond with anger.  He didnt want her doing this all week though, he had to be careful and watch his body and his food for himself otherwise this would never work and hed be puking all week.
Thank you, was what he said though, not wanting to alienate Allie and have to deal with her being upset all week.
The first day dragged on, but the pill took effect and he didnt feel as crappy as he had in the morning.  By the time he took his second pill the dread that had been accompanying his thoughts of the next week left him.  He knew it would be back to square one in the morning but as he drifted in an empty, sweat and nausea filled sleep he felt that he could make it through this.
He almost slept through the night under the effects of the pill, but as it started to get cycled out of his system he began to get hit with the full brunt of withdrawal.  If he hadnt binged the week previous he would be working through this faster.  There was a little regret there but it was something he had to do at the time, it was a necessary part of his plan.  He knew himself and if he didnt give himself that last hurrah he would have never committed to being sober.
Four in the morning was actually considered sleeping late for someone entering the worst stages of withdrawal.  It still felt like he was dying though, the panic was setting in, the physical pain was similar, he thought, to being shoved through a wood chipper head first.  His body was revolting against him, his brain had wired everything to think that oxytocin was an essential part of everyday function and now that it was gone his body was convinced it was going to die.
He couldnt think straight, all he knew was that he wanted another pill.  It was the only visible sign coming through a fog of pain and suffering.  He had to ignore it, had to try to remember why he was doing this, had to turn off all the voices yelling at him to just do it, just take three of those pills just this once.  He could do it, he knew he could.
The panic was in its own way worse than the pain and withdrawal.  Fear, complete conviction that he was going to die.  He knew he couldnt die, he was taking just enough to keep himself out of the hospital, but that didnt matter the fear didnt rely on rational thinking, fear seldom does.  He was sweating and felt like breaking down and crying but couldnt, his adrenal glands were pumping out the same levels as if he was fighting a bear.  Everything was going haywire in his brain and he was starting to lose control.
Peter got up as quietly as he could, shaking with the fear and the pain, and went to the bathroom.  He took his one pill knowing full well that the next one was twelve hours away, and braced for another day of hell.  Allie was still home, it was only Sunday, he had planned it like this in case he needed to go to the hospital.  The first few days were always the riskiest. 
With the pill down and when he was sure it was going to stay there, he went downstairs as silently as he could.  Shivering from a chill that he knew didnt exist he got a blanket that wouldnt help.  He was sweating an excessive amount and was concerned about dehydration but knew he couldnt keep any water down at this point.  Instead he curled up on the couch and watched Sunday morning cartoons, shaking and in extreme pain.  The light from the television set pierced his eyes and went straight to his brain searing it.  He couldnt stare at the screen but the sound was comforting in its own way.  Funny how when in moments of severe suffering we revert back to childhood comforts.
Allie knew he had left the bed but didnt bother getting up, she also knew that he liked to be left alone when he was in pain.  She was also feeling a little selfish and wanted to sleep in.  Peter had done this to himself with his drug use and he could face parts of it by himself.  She didnt need to feel guilty about that.
When she came downstairs Peter was under the blanket shivering in the corner of the couch.  It was nine in the morning, he hadnt moved.
He had got a glass of water, but other than that he had been unable to do much.  The water had been welcomed by his stomach though and the pill had taken as much effect as it was going to.  He was feeling a little more manageable but still in a lot of discomfort, still stuck in a state of panic.
How you doing today, Allie asked him. He had heard her come and over to where he lay covered in blankets trying to keep the light out.
Shitty, was all he said.
Im going to make some fruit and oatmeal for a nice healthy breakfast, you have to eat something, she was taking a motherly tone.  She had to be stern with him and get his body healthy so that it could fight through this.
Fine, the thought of eating seemed impossible but he knew he had to.  He was also getting annoyed with Allies presence but it did make the fear ebb a little.  Feeling alone when in a state of panic always made it a lot worse.
Day two of his detoxing was filled with pain and fear.  It was harder than the previous day as all the drugs from the binge had been flushed out and the only thing keeping him going was the thirty milligrams from the single pill, and that faded fast.  By the time he was able to take his second pill he was going through a full-fledged withdrawal, and was ready to hang himself to escape it.
It was all for a good cause was what he had to keep telling himself to stop himself from grabbing all the pills in the bag and chewing them.  He knew most addicts going through withdrawal had to get rid of their stash to stop themselves from just giving up on quitting.  He wasnt most addicts though, he knew he was better than some junkie on the street and that he could do this while staring at a pile of oxys if he had to.  He had the benefit of knowing there was a nice pay off at the end for him.
That night was sleepless and painful, even with the knowledge that in a few days he would be better.  Even the knowledge that a kill was waiting for him at the end of this tunnel couldnt stop him from fantasizing about eating piles of drugs.  He didnt sleep but thought that this would prove beneficial in that he might be able to nap all day.
He was painfully aware that today he only got one pill.  He had to decide on when to take it, the morning was tempting but at night would make his sleep better and hopefully get Allie to stop worrying.
She had to work today and was gone after forcing a breakfast down his throat.  He felt alone and scared, shivering in pain and fear on the couch that was covered in his sweat.  There were a few rules he had to follow, the rules for getting clean without help.
He already had bought the supplies earlier in the week they consisted of lots of various different sugary drinks, snacks as well as some salty snacks.  He couldnt drink because if he did that it would lower his inhibitions and he would most likely take some more pills, so he had locked the booze up and given Allie the key.  He had lots of towels and blankets for the sweat, shivers and various temperature changes his body was going to be experiencing.  There was a stock of toilet paper in each bathroom because the diarrhea was going to be terrible as well.  He had buckets placed strategically around the house because one never knew when the urge to puke would overtake him and he would not have time to reach a toilet.
He also had his cell phone off and locked up with the booze to stop him making any embarrassing phone calls as his mind started to slip.  Calls begging people for drugs, asking if they knew any doctors that would prescribe without questions, that kind of thing.  He had also given Allie his stash of drugs having lost his faith in himself and his will power, at least for today, which was the hardest part.
There was a stash of simple to make yet mostly healthy foods in case he got hungry, although he doubted that would happen today, his appetite would take a few weeks to return.  There was a lot that was not going to be the same.  Peter knew that it took years to recover from an addiction and that he was going to be a functioning addict the rest of his life, not using did not mean he wasnt an addict.
For now though he was going to have focus on the present and the immediate moment ahead of him.  It was going to be hard enough surviving minute to minute today let alone looking to the future.  Ideally he should barricade himself inside the house but that was impossible so he would just have to trust himself to not go outside and start begging people for drugs.  He didnt think he was at risk of that, or at least he hoped not.
The one thing he was grateful for was that his addiction was not as bad as most peoples.  The stories he had read online of coming off oxys were often involving people who had been using heavily for years and their withdrawal seemed a lot more intense then what he had been experiencing.  There was always that comfort in knowing that someone had it worse yet was able to make it through.
Allie left for work after saying her goodbyes to his curled up form on the couch.  He was now alone and had to face this thing head on.  He was ready though, he was strong enough and he knew he could handle it.  Allie leaving had no bearing on how difficult this was going to be and as the door shut behind her he didnt feel any different.  She had been reluctant to go but had done it because she knew it was what he wanted.  If he gave into the withdrawals and started using he had promised to go to rehab so this was going to happen either way, better to have it happen on his own terms.
He drifted in and out of sleep, never really coming fully conscious.  Around two in the afternoon he could no longer ignore the pain in his stomach and had to get up and face it.  He dry heaved for what felt like an hour.  The fact that he had lasted this long was due entirely to the fact that he had taken that one little pill when he woke up.  Now the real symptoms would begin to take over and bring him into the world of pain that he had been avoiding for so long.
With the dry heaving done, his skin feeling like it was coated in slime, he tried to drink some water but it came right back out.  He was beginning to realize that his real threat was dehydration as the diarrhea and vomiting combined were preventing him from any chance of getting liquid into his system.
He began to panic, seeing the real danger of doing this alone.  He wished he had an IV that could be feeding him fluids and nutrients.  That would also probably make him feel a little better as well.  He did have something that could help with the vomiting though.
A suppository Dramamine to kill the nausea, or at least take the edge off enough so that he could drink something.  He had Gatorade to help bring his electrolytes back up and re-hydrate him.  The problem with a suppository was that he had the runs and keeping the pill inside his lower intestine long enough was going to be difficult.  
He tried to drain his bowel as much as he could, sitting on the toilet straining hard.  Keeping the pill in his rectum was going to be easier than trying to keep one in his stomach.  He uncomfortably shoved the teardrop shaped pill into his sphincter and lay on his stomach hoping that gravity would help him keep everything in there.
He was freezing lying on the cold tile of the bathroom but didnt want to risk moving to get a blanket.  So he lay there waiting for any indication that the pill was working, any sign that his nausea was subsiding.
He looked at his discarded life lying scattered on the floor of the world around him.  What he had sacrificed to this addiction, the opportunities missed because he was too nervous to live again.  He had been a walking zombie, encased in the comfort of drugs and alcohol, living a life filled with mindless entertainment and distractions to prevent him from doing what he really wanted to.  So much wasted time, so much wasted potential.
Peter struggled to his feet, feeling the drop in his intestines as gravity shifted everything around down in his bowels.  He stared at himself in the mirror.  His dark hair starting to go white in places, his eyes faded with pain and sickness, wrinkles starting to take a firm hold on his skin, his face was showing the torture he had been shoving his body through.  Today was the day he started again, he made a resolution, his life was done being put on hold.  This was for real, not just something temporary.  For the first time his sobriety faced him head on and he accepted it, he was going to be clean.
The joy in his gut was replaced by dry heaves, but the Dramamine was staying put, dissolving and releasing its contents to his blood stream.
An hour later he was feeling well enough to force some food down his throat.  Simple calories, stuff that would enter his system rapidly so that he could keep functioning, he still had a few more days of this bodily torture, his brain convinced that it was going to die without another hit of opiates.
By the time Allie came home he was back hugging the toilet.  The food had mostly stayed down and that had given him a little hit of confidence that he took too far.  He had tried eating something more solid then oatmeal and was now in the process of vomiting half chewed chicken into the stained bowl of the toilet. 
Allie was tempted to ask him if he needed help, if he was alright, but she passed by without saying anything.  She wanted him to know that she was giving him space.  
When it felt like everything was up and he could move again without the risk of spewing everywhere he crawled to Allie.  He was no longer able to think properly, he felt angry for no reason, tired beyond description.  His whole body felt sore, like he had just spent a week at navy seal boot camp.  His nose was running like a tap, the nausea had him salivating excessively as every breath made him feel on the verge of puking again.  He was in the worst part of the withdrawal.  
Peter you look horrible, Allie said rushing over to grab him as he stumbled.
Mokay, he said.
Lets get you up to bed, when was the last time you drank any water? Allie asked.
Dunno, Peter managed, he could not actually remember the last bit of fluid he had managed to keep down.
Okay, Ill bring you some ginger ale and gravol to keep everything down, she said.
Peter knew that going to bed was pointless at this part of withdrawal but he let himself be taken anyway.  He felt simultaneously dead tired and totally keyed up.  He knew that when he laid down one leg was going to be jittering while the other felt like it was made of concrete.  
With Allie down stairs getting him a ginger ale to keep his body functioning he thought about the pill tomorrow morning.  His taper was actually just drawing out his withdrawal, he would skip any more doses, he was going to feel just as shitty with the pill as without.  If he was taking the pill then it would only make it take longer for all the symptom of drug sickness to leave as his body got a taste of opiates every morning.
It gave him one less thing to look forward to but he knew that in the long run it was much better then drawing this out any longer than necessary.
He managed to keep down enough liquid to keep his body functioning and moved himself to the couch after Allie came to bed, telling her that he didnt want to keep her up.  He knew he was not sleeping tonight.
He kept down enough water and Gatorade to keep his organs functioning, to keep his body hydrated.  He did not want to have to go to the hospital where they would most certainly want him to be put into a rehab program.  He did not have time for drug rehab and he knew that he didnt need it.  He was doing this on his own and as long as he managed to stay hydrated there was no need for a hospital visit.
Every step he took moving him forward was easier and easier.  He was getting past the drug sickness and feeling good about it.  The week dragged onward but by Friday he was able to function almost like a normal person.  He felt weak and tired, rundown from a week of barely staying alive.  Allie was there with him the whole time and he had to credit her with making his survival possible.  As much as he wanted to say he had done it alone he knew that without her he would have either died or just started dosing again.
The withdrawal had been far worse than he had anticipated which meant that he had no time or energy to plan the murder he was going to replace the drugs with.  Not like it really mattered, he had all the time in the world now to plan things out.  He no longer felt like he was on a deadline.  The weekend gave him time to build his strength back enough to enter the work week clean and sober without feeling like he was on the verge of passing out at every turn.
 He was a little shaky the first day but by the end of the week he was feeling good, he had even planned the murder out a little.  Allie was proud of him, he was feeling nice and clear headed for the first time in years his job performance was pretty decent and people were telling him that he seemed like a new man.  It was all beginning to look back up.
He was sitting in his home office on Saturday night while Allie was in the living room watching a movie.  Refining his plan for the end of the month, he only had a few weeks to do this, at least he wanted to do it within a few weeks, felt like he had to do it in a few weeks or he was going to lose his mind.  Although the rest of the world was congratulating him he felt like total shit.  Everything was so bland, so boring, so powerless.  Everyone was just mindlessly doing what they were told, robots made of skin and bone.  There was no way he could live like that, no way he could exist without the thrill of a kill.  It was not like anyone was really living anymore killing people was almost a kind a favor.
Richard was almost too easy, his patterns too predictable.  It was good to start with an easy one after a long absence though, it would be less exciting but it had the added benefit of getting rid of his annoying boss.
He had not checked the Clarissa blog in three weeks he had been too distracted with detox and planning Richards death.  Normally he only did when he was drunk and high but now that he was clean he wanted to know what was going on if it really was as bad as it had seemed when he was half wasted and staring down a drug charge.  A drug charge that seemed to amount to nothing after all, they had only wanted the dealer and some small time addict was not worth their time he guessed.
The page that came up when he typed in the memorized address brought everything crashing down.  His world was over, it all meant nothing now.  It was all useless, a total waste, they had found the charred remnants of a body.  And where they had found it confirmed Peters fear, the missing person case was now a murder and totally reopened.  
He checked the local news sites and they were all reporting on it.  The search was on again and this time the search was for him.  
***
Light was seeping through the bandages.  He thought he would never see again, thought that he would die on that operating table, but he was alive.  He was alive, he had made it through the major operation, at least it seemed that way.
His eyes wouldnt open through, they were stuck, it almost felt as if they were glued down.  He was drifting in and out, light and darkness melding inside his optical cortex.  Time was slippery and he could feel a sharp discomfort in his stomach.  It was all a jumbled mess, all a total incoherent firing of neurons and chemicals.
Then he came around.  His eyes just shot open, no drawn out awakening, no slow coming out of unconsciousness.  He was just awake.  And he wished he had stayed under.
Looking at his wrecked body, the one that had once been so perfectly refined and in shape.  The body of a marathon runner, the one he had trained to perfection over thousands of hours and miles.  It was just a mess of bandages, stitches, staples, metal rods, and various other bonding agents.  He was being held together like a reassembled broken egg.
As the shock of initially seeing his body wore off it was replaced with something else.  The slow grind of absolute and inescapable pain.  Every nerve was firing, telling him that he was dead, or at least that he should be.  He could feel the pain down into his bones, throughout his entire existence.  He was no longer human, he was a ball of pain.
There was a groan and that attracted Joyces attention.  She had been sitting reading a book waiting for the patient whose name she now forgot to wake up.  She had been told that he would be in excruciating pain and her one job was to show him how to use the morphine dispenser.  
   Hey, you awake, she considered checking the chart for his name but realized that he was in too much pain to know what she called him.
A groan was all that Peter could produce.  Joyce stood up and saw his eyes, watering rolling in his head.  Wide and scared.
Okay, Im going to show you how to use your new best friend, she grabbed the little button off the square box beside his bed.
Push this when the pain is too much to bear and youll get a nice little hit of morphine, dont go too crazy though because it can only give out a certain amount of doses in the hour and you dont want to use them all up in the first five minutes, she said.
She handed him the button and he immediately pressed it.  He pressed it twice and was going for a third when he felt the kick of the pain killer.  The red that had been encompassing him subsided, just a little bit, but it subsided enough.  He was conscious of her warning that he only had so many doses.  He didnt feel like bouncing from extreme pain to being high back to extreme pain.
Good, you got it all figured.  Push this button if you need anything and the doctor will be in to see you shortly, Joyce said gesturing to the call button as she left the room.
Peter was still in the most pain he had ever felt, but knowing that there was a way to escape it made it a little more bearable.  He pushed the button one more time and felt drowsy, shifting back to sleep.
That was when he saw Alicia.  He hadnt seen her come in the room but there she was standing at the end of his bed.
He tried to make words come out of his mouth but it didnt seem to be working.  The pain was still there, only it was hiding under the surface buried by the morphine.  The drug didnt take pain away it only made him no longer care about it, it relaxed him.  Alicia saw him moving his mouth trying to speak.
Dont Peter, I know how much pain youre in, she came to the bed side, dont worry about talking, Im here.  Im alright, the look in her eyes told him that he looked far from alright.  
She had a few bandages on but otherwise looked fine.  Peter was relieved, his one worry had been her, he couldnt remember what happened to her.  With Alicia alive and well and the pain becoming something of a memory he began to drift off, comforted by the knowledge that everything was alright, that it had all worked out.
He didnt make it fully under before the doctor came in.  Alicia was there holding his hand but backed away as the doctor approached.  She listened from the corner, the doctor spoke to Peter.
Hi Mr. Lawson, I see youre awake.
Peter tried to agree with this obvious statement but the words were still sticking.
Dont worry about being unable to talk, we had to dislocate your jaw for one of the procedures its probably going to be a little stiff for a while, he glanced at the morphine drip, and I imagine it might have something to do with the pain as well.
Peter tried to nod but his head wouldnt move.
Ill up the dose available to you before I leave, the doctor said more to himself then Peter.
Peter realized that this guy hadnt introduced himself.  He seemed a little distracted, like Peter was just a boring stop on his way to bigger and brighter things.
So you were pretty messed up, he glanced through the chart, lots of internal bleeding, a spinal injury but dont worry everything is still intact you will walk again, he had seen the fear in Peters eyes at the mention of spinal injury.
Two broken femurs, but no real head trauma which is pretty amazing, the doctor said.
Peter did feel surprisingly clear headed and the lack of a brain injury explained how he had remained conscious after the accident.
It really is a total fluke that you survived Mr. Lawson.  If I were you Id buy a lottery ticket, the resident accompanying the doctor seemed to look awkward at this.  Peter wondered what they were not telling him.
So for the next few days at least we are going to have you here in the ICU then depending on how things progress we will move you to a more long term section.  You wont be going home for at least a few weeks, we still have a few more operations to do, some of your organs still need work but we will get everything back into shape in no time, The doctor said as he put the chart back and left with his resident in tow.
Wow, they hadnt told me how bad you were, Alicia said as she rejoined him at the bed.
Peter wanted to say that what the doctor had said matched up pretty well with the amount of pain he was in.  For the amount of pain he was in he hoped he was close to death, he hoped that this was the most pain a person could feel, because he didnt think he could survive with the knowledge that there was pain worse than this.
Alicia started crying overwhelmed with happiness and relief.  Peter wanted to comfort her but couldnt really move himself into position or say anything.  He tried his hardest to speak but his jaw still refused to move.
I was so worried, she looked up from the hand she was gripping, I didnt want to lose you.
He hoped the look in his eyes conveyed what he wanted to say, that she was never going to lose him.  That he would fight his hardest through hell just to live another day with her.
She smiled and nothing needed to be said as they gazed into each others eyes.
Im going to grab a drink you need to rest, Alicia said after Peter had begun to doze.  He could fight the morphine no longer and was slipping into a comfortable sleep.  He had hit the button twice more, knowing that the doctor had upped his dose.
He was passing out on his own terms, he was out of the worst part.  He had survived something where most people would have died.  He felt like a hero, and despite the months of pain and suffering ahead he felt great.  Knowing that he would have Allie by his side for most of it made the future seem a lot less bleak, he was going to make it.

Exam Room 3
So far there had been little actual sign of fighting or any form of resistance.  He had been walking for a few hours, running as much as he could, too worried to make himself slow down.  The power was out across the city but his way was lit by the fires burning around him.
The lack of fighting made his job much easier.  The eerie thing was the lack of people.  As he moved closer to the more crowded areas of the city it seemed that there were fewer and fewer people.  Peter worried about what was up ahead, why no one was around.  There was no way that they had all evacuated this fast.  The thought of them all being dead was one that he did not want to entertain because that would imply that Alice was among them.
Initially he had moved cautiously, running from cover to cover.  Now he had abandoned the whole military thing and was running in the open with the rifle slung across his front.  It was heavy and awkward and slowed him down but he was not going to leave it.  He would rather have it with him at the cost of moving slower, it was going to come to some use soon.  There was no question that the world he once knew was now a war zone.
There was still the occasional rattle of gunfire, but it was coming from far off.  He had been ducking for cover at every shot but he soon realized what distant gunfire sounded like.  He was feeling more and more like a fish out of water, like a little kid playing soldier.  Only the gun he was carrying was real and the enemies he was facing were unknowable, hostile and clearly powerful as demonstrated by the destruction they had wrought.
An alien race that could cause multiple natural disasters on a global scale was an enemy he felt could not be fought.  Thinking about how quickly they had decimated the planet he began to lose hope.  What was the point in saving Alice if the world they were left to inhabit was a hostile smoking ruin?  Or a prison camp where they lived under the thumb of their new gods toiling under the threat of death and total extinction.
The human survival instinct would choose the slavery over death, but then what was left to live for?  There was no way they could ever defeat an enemy this powerful, kill something that could shut down an entire planet in a matter of minutes.  Still he kept walking, even if there was no future left for him he would face that problem when it arose.  Until then he was going to fight with everything he had to get his wife back, then he was going to fight with his entire being to keep the world free for both of them.  He was not going to just lie down and submit, he would rather die defending his wife and their future.
The thought of an honorable death spurred him on and he began running again.  The scattered gunfire was becoming louder and more frequent as he got closer to the scene of resistance occurring just east of where he was.  He had to head north, get to where the buildings turned to houses and warehouses, to where Alice was being held.  One of those unmarked warehouses with lots of white vans parked outside.  He had the map, the satellite image of the place to give him some visual reference.
He had to reach her soon, but the fighting drew him on a detour.  It would take him almost a full day of walking to get to where he needed to go, but he had to see this battle, had to see if he could help.  It might cost him an hour of time but he had to start helping to defend the planet.  Seeing the ruined city and the scattered bodies had lit a fire in him, had re-arranged his priorities.
The battle was just around the corner, he could see men taking cover in an ally way, one of them at the end popping out and firing a few rounds until he had to reload and another man took his spot.
Peter ran up to them.
You guys need a hand? he asked.
The men seemed startled to see him but one of them answered.
Damn right we need a hand, these fuckers wont die easy, he looked like a cop but in civilian clothes.  All the men were civilians Peter realized.  The guns they carried were a mix of hunting rifles, shotguns and the occasional home defense pistol.  Peter realized that he was the only one among them with a military grade weapon and that probably made them think he was Special Forces or something.
So what exactly is the situation?  Are there more of you? Peter asked, feeling in charge because he knew about the resistance and was carrying the biggest gun among them.
We got more guys holed up across the street and some in the middle behind those cars.  The things are at the other end making a push forward, they swept up all the other streets but we stopped them here, the cop looking guy said.
Okay, what if they decide to move around and flank you guys? Peter asked, using some basic tactical knowledge gleaned from television and video games.
We thought of that, but for some reason they havent even made the attempt.  Its like they have to push up this street and this street only, weve had them locked down for a while now, the man said.
Any wounded?  What about ammo? Peter thought that he could maybe get this info back to the station so that they could send reinforcements up.  He could go back once he got Alice.
No wounded, just dead, one hit from the guns these fuckers are carrying and theres no coming back, the man looked shaken.
And ammo?
I dont even want to think about it, I know Im pretty low, I imagine everyone else is too.
Okay heres what you and your men are going to do, head back to where I just came from the man looked confused, down to the warehouse district, there is a resistance there, just wait, form a perimeter and they will pick you guys up.  I dont think there is a way around these things, I dont think youll be able to knock them down with such small numbers, Peter was doing the most he could.  He wanted to engage in combat to at least slow this thing down a little, to start the fight.  Looking at these men though he saw that there was no way some little group of scantly armed civilians could do much other than die.
But, the man started.
Look, Im no soldier Im a fucking psychiatrist, but even I can tell that making a stand here is totally pointless, youre just going to get your selves killed.  You have to head back, a tactical retreat whatever you want to call it, you need to get out of here, Peter was yelling over the booms of rifle and shotgun fire.  The sound of the return fire was not as loud but he didnt know if that was due to the distance or the weapons the aliens were using.
What about our men stuck out there, what about the sacrifices we have made to hold this? 
Do what you want, but if you want to make this mean anything Id get your men out of there and pull the hell out, Peter said.
Alright, and youre sure about this resistance thing?
Yes now pull back, the ground shook as one of the shots from an alien cannon hit a building and began bringing it to the ground.  Peter watched as chinks of it fell down and created a dust cloud.
The cop signaled his men to begin firing all at once, providing cover to pull the guys in the street back to the safety of the alley.  The dust cloud from the building provided perfect visual cover and the men made it back all unharmed.
Were going to retreat, this guy says he knows somewhere, something about a resistance army, we are just going to spin out and die out here, the men were not convinced, they had no formal leadership, they were only listening to this guy because he had initially taken charge.  Some of these men were defending this street because their houses were on it and they didnt want to see their possessions destroyed.  They had sense enough to know that there was no chance in fighting these things with small numbers and slapped together organization.
Peter left them as they began pulling back, running from where he had come from.  He hoped that the resistance would notice them, he really didnt know, all he knew was that they had a better chance down there with the closest thing there was to an army then they had here fighting with hunting rifles and no combat experience.
Peter realized that he was essentially doing the same thing though, he was making a run for a heavily guarded facility across what had become hostile territory armed with a rifle that felt too heavy in his hands and as much shooting experience as the average boy scout.  He was taking his life into his hands and not caring about it, he knew that he would be little help to Alice if he got killed, but right now he was the best chance she had.  He was the only one that had her on his priority list in this world that had crumbled into hell.
He ran on, taking cover more now.  He had still not seen one of these invaders, he hadnt bothered looking down the street those guys had been fighting to hold.  He knew what they were capable of, the cop had made that clear.  No such thing as wounded, the guns these creatures carried only killed.  The most efficient weapons, something humanity had been striving for, working toward since the advent of weapons, a better more effective way to kill.  Humanity was essentially battling a version of itself from the future.  This scared Peter more than anything, his profession had taught him that there was no creature crueler, more evil, more menacing then man.  He had seen the effects of mental trauma caused by abuse, heard the stories from PTSD victims, seen what happened to people that grew up under the cruelties of rapist priests and indifferent parents.  If these creatures were anything like the humans they were actively enslaving then Peter realized that humanity did not stand a chance.
He had a lot further to go before reaching Alice and her place of incarceration.  He picked up the pace as best he could, realizing that all those hours on the treadmill and running around the block were not for nothing.  He was sweating, out of breath, but still he kept pushing, kept moving forward.  Adrenaline was his fuel, his body was not going to hold him back.  Eventually he was going to have to stop to catch his breath but not yet, he kept moving.
He came around a corner and jumped back, gluing himself to the wall.  Just down the street he saw a group of something. 
He peaked around the corner, the group had not moved, and they were not alien, it was a group of people.  He started to move toward them when he saw the creature emerge from a building.  It looked almost human, walking upright on two legs, with long arms, covered in what Peter assumed was armor.  He couldnt see anything else, it almost looked like a skinny robot, all machine, there was no way to be sure if it was just armor or if these things were some kind of artificial intelligence race of machines.  
It had a person in each hand and was dragging their struggling bodies to the group.  It tossed them into the group and they instantly became docile, just standing there.  They followed the alien as it moved down the street.  It looked like some kind of mind control, Peter didnt have time to figure it out.  He had to make his way down this street to get where he needed to go.  He didnt know this area of town too well, he was sure there was an alternate route but what was to say that it wasnt also occupied by an alien.
The thing was going into each building it passed and rounding up survivors, adding to its little clutch of slaves.  There was only one on the street though, Peter made sure of that.  He would have to make a run down the block when the thing entered the next building.  He would try to free the people, but he had no idea how to go about it.
The thing took a while in each building, Peter had been observing it to make sure of that.  He wanted this to be as safe as possible.  Wanted to give himself enough time to escape and not become one of the prisoners.
When it entered the next building Peter counted to thirty to give it time to get out of earshot and then he broke and ran.  He cleared the distance between him and the prisoners almost instantly, they had moved so far up the street since he had first noticed them.
Their ranks had grown while Peter watched and now there were thirteen of them.  All seemed to be the same age, mid-twenties, and healthy, these creatures were being selective with who they let live.  Peter didnt think about what was happening to those that didnt pass the selection process.  
He slowed as he approached the ring of people, trying to get their attention.  They all just looked past him, like he was invisible, not even there.  All their eyes looked glassy, empty.  Peter grabbed one of their hands and pulled.
Instantly he was overwhelmed with a calm sensation, a relaxing feeling like everything was going to be okay.  Like he was floating underwater staring at the world around him and it was calm.  If he just did what he was told everything would be okay, he just needed to listen to those that were now in charge.  There was no longer a need to fight, fighting was hard, listening was easy, listening was a happy thing.  Doing what he was told would bring joy, he moved to join the circle.  Then he tripped and fell back, breaking the connection.
Suddenly he was back in reality.  The hand he had grabbed fell to the womans side and she kept looking forward.  Peter realized that the blank expressions on their faces were ones of bliss, not emptiness.  People were being forced into slavery and loving every minute of it.  These invaders had done their research and taken the planet with the keys handed to them by those in charge.  Peter felt hope slipping away, he wanted to jump back into the circle, false bliss was still bliss.  The thought of Alice got him to stand up and start moving.  There was nothing he could do for those people, they were the happiest they had ever been and would be happy for the rest of their lives while they toiled away in slavery.  
There was movement from inside the building, Peter could hear it.  He started running down the street, taking the right at the end and continuing on his track toward Alice.  He didnt bother looking back at the lost souls behind him.
It was starting to get dark, the smoke and cloud was bringing night earlier then he had anticipated.  Still he kept pushing on, realizing that the darkness might help him by offering some concealment. 
The fires in the buildings provided him with enough light to find his way, the street lights were all out.  There was no more power and Peter felt that electricity was something that was going to be gone for a long time.  He was running again but had to slow down as the fires were becoming less frequent as he moved further and further out of the city center.  There was no light to help him on his way, the sky blacked out and the faint orange glow of the city behind him fading as he moved closer to Alices prison.
The fact that she was on the edge of the city was reassuring, he hoped that this area had not been hit by the initial attack yet.  He had not run into any more of those creatures since the one rounding up survivors.  That could mean that they had moved on or had just not got to this area of the city.  The buildings were damaged but that looked to be from some kind of bombing attack, the same one that had blanketed the entire city setting it ablaze.
He checked his map by the light of his cell phone, the place was only a block further.  There was no marking on the building but instantly he knew which one it was.  There was light coming through hastily covered windows, this building had power, which meant it had a generator.  If the people in this building had managed to hold out against the invaders then they were probably elite government operatives which would mean the Peter had a fight on his hands here.  He would rather be up against an enemy he knew and had spent a lifetime trying to understand then something like what he had seen on the street, so he was almost grateful.
Taking cover and examining the building Peter tried to come up with the best plan of attack.  There was no way he could take this place by force, if these guys had managed to hold out this long against a superior intergalactic army then one psychiatrist with a gun was nothing.  His only hope was to try and bluff his way in, get Alice and hope that these guys had bigger things to worry about then a guy who knew too much.  At this point keeping him from informing the world of an alien plot seemed pointless.
So he broke from cover and walked up the door.  There was no guard, he knocked as loud as he could.  Banging on the door with the butt of his rifle three times quick, three times long and three times quick, a Morse code SOS.  Maybe that would get someones attention.  He would play at being some lost survivor who had seen the light coming from the windows and come seeking shelter.
He was about to bang on the door again and was contemplating just shooting it open when he heard the latch click.  The door swung open and he was face to face with the barrel of a high caliber rifle.
Who are you? the face behind the rifle demanded,
Jeremy Barnes, Im just lost I was looking for somewhere safe, Peter came up with the name quickly drawing from his long list of patients.
Well its not safe here, not safe anywhere, the man said.
Can I at least come in? Its dark out here and I cant really find my way, Peter said.
The man hesitated, how did you find this place?
I can see the light coming through, Peter said motioning to the windows.
Shit, I thought we covered those well enough, come in but dont expect anything more than that, the man pulled Peter in and closed the door behind him.
Follow me, he started walking down the dark hallway and turned into a room that was well lit and had a few men in it sitting around a table cleaning their guns.
Lost traveler, the man said motioning to Peter.
Pretty heavy firepower you got there, one of the men commented.
I picked it off a dead guy, Peter said trying to think of a plausible reason as to why he would have a fully automatic rifle on him.
The man grunted and went back to his rifle.
These guys looked nothing like an elite government force.  The only thing that was giving Peter a reason to think he was in the right place was that the guns they were cleaning and wielding were all military grade.  The house looked like a normal place, a little odd in the design and these guys seemed friendly enough.  If he did have the right place where were the prisoners?  Where was Alice? And how was he going to find a way to look for her without raising suspicion and getting into a shootout with these thugs.
You can stay here for the night, we are all moving out in the morning, the man who had let him in said.
Thanks, who are you guys anyway?  Special forces or something? Peter asked trying to sound innocent.
Special forces, dont worry about it.  We dont have time to baby sit a civilian so in the morning you go your way and we will go ours understood? the man asked.
Yeah, thats fine, just needed a place for the night, Peter said.
He had to find a way to figure out about Alice, he was beginning to worry he had the wrong place.  There was no point to this if he was just going to sleep here and then leave in the morning, but it also looked like he had no way of getting out of these guys sight.  They were posting a watch, he would be unable to leave the room without being seen.  He could try to kill them all in their sleep but he knew that was not in him, he was not a killer.  Especially now, when people had a common enemy to work against he didnt want to add to the depletion of the human race.
So what options did he have?  There was one but he did not like the thought of it.  He could come right out and ask, be honest and tell them why he was here.  There was no reason for them to keep prisoners now that the world was over, now that they had been betrayed by the aliens that had promised them eternal glory.
It would take some time for him to be able to work up the nerve to come right out and say that he was actually here to free his wife.  It would be a risk, they could just end up killing him outright for all the trouble he had caused them.  
Another thought entered his head and this one spurred him into action.  If these were the guys who had been chasing him then they either knew who he was already or they were about to find out when some superior came out and noticed him, the guy they had been chasing before this happened, just sitting in the front room.  He checked the safety on his rifle as inconspicuously as he could, he wanted to be able to return fire if that was necessary, and he stood up.
Where is Alice Lawson? he demanded.  He didnt point his rifle at anyone but he still had his hands gripping it ready to pull it up if the need be.
Who? What the fuck are you talking about? one of the men at the table asked.
My name is Peter Lawson, you have my wife, Alice Lawson, prisoner.  I dont know where but you do and I want her released.  There is no point in holding her anymore, the war has already come and all I want is my wife so we can leave and try to find some peace, Peter said, astonished at the risk he was taking.  His voice had a little shake in it but he held steady.
Well I guess theres no point in acting anymore, the man who had greeted him said.  He had his rifle pointed at Peter, he had raised it as he came from around the corner, Peter moved to raise his but the man just motioned the muzzle of the gun, Peter knew he was itching to pull that trigger.
I just want her back and we can be on our way, Peter said.
Fair enough, the whole plans gone to shit anyway, the other men looked at him with incredulity.
What do you mean?  So what if the plans gone haywire, what happens when we defeat these fuckers and these guys go around telling the world that it was us that gave them the key, one of the other men said.
If you havent noticed we are not winning this thing.  Our best bet now is to lay low and try to survive as free people as long as we can manage, go into the woods that havent burnt down and live there.  We cannot beat these things, we have lost how many men today? the leader turned his rifle toward his insubordinate soldier.
Seven sir, the man was already looking defeated.
And how many of those things did we take out?
One, the man said.
Exactly, the only reason we are still here is because they moved on, we were too much work to capture and they had to stay with the main body moving up and taking civilians, the next wave is coming, the main combat wave and if we are still here when they arrive our lives are essentially forfeit, you know this, he was talking at a volume just below a yell.
What if they tell survivors? They will never listen to government officials again, the man said.
I think that would be justified, I have lost all the trust I had as well, we were played for fools Jim and you still want to keep playing the rigged game they tricked us into, the leader said.
Jim didnt respond, none of the men did.  They just kept at cleaning their guns and getting ready for whatever they had planned for tomorrow.
So yes Peter you can have your wife back, I think Ill let all of them go, there is no reason to waste resources on keeping prisoners.  Follow me, the man started walking toward the back of the house.
Peter followed in disbelief at how easily the whole thing had gone.  He was actually ready for a shootout, in retrospect he realized that a shootout would have just ended with him dead.  A waste of resources for the revolution in saving him and equipping him to get here.
He was starting to get disoriented the more doors they passed through.  They just kept walking, through door and more doors, down some stairs and more halls and doors.  The amount of lefts and rights they were taking Peter was sure that this guy was totally lost, there was no way that this place could be as large as this.  After a few minutes Peter had to break the silence: 
How big is this place? he asked unable to think of anything else to start a conversation.  He knew he should hate this person, they had kidnapped his wife and subjected her to god only knew what.  But the fact that he had agreed so readily to release Alice had left Peter feeling off balance, unable to think of the right way to approach him.
Big enough, mostly underground and designed to confuse and disorient, the whole building is a prison effective enough that we dont even have to lock the doors Prisoners get scared in the halls because you could wander for days and slowly die of thirst while you walked past the exit not even knowing it was there, the man said.
Why? Peter asked, was all he could ask, astounded that his government had been doing this to citizens without any form of trial or recognition of rights.
I wondered that myself, but Im a soldier, I dont question orders.  I know that is probably hard for you to understand, but in my eyes all the people we have locked up down here posed a threat to my nation and its security.  That was what I was told and it was not until I learned more that I began to question it, but by then it was too late.  Now theres nothing left, he trailed off.
Peter was speechless, appalled by this mans Nazi excuse of just following orders, he didnt want to upset him by pushing the issue.  Especially in the labyrinthine prison that he had just described.  If it was impossible to find your way out with the stark white lighting of the fluorescent tubes overhead he could only imagine how difficult it would be when the generators died and it became total darkness down here.
They kept moving around the impossible corridors, Peter wondered if they were lost, he couldnt believe that a person could ever find their way around here even if they knew the place well.
How do you know where we are going? Peter asked, curiosity forcing him to break the silence.
Its a secret.  I guess since the world is ending and this place will probably never be used as a prison again I can tell you.  Its based on little things that even if you noticed would make no sense unless you knew what they meant, he explained things like the door handles, some are knobs some are levers and the colour of the door handle changes too, then there is the orientation of the lighting, either across the hall or along it, there is the tile on the floor and the pattern in that.  It is all laid out to give a person a very easy time navigating as long as they know what they are looking for.
Peter had nothing to say to that.  It was not like he was expecting an answer, despite being open to Peter about everything he knew that they were still on opposite sides and always would be.  He would always be the one who had kept Peters wife locked up in this horrible prison.
What if the power goes out? Peter finally asked, getting worried about the state of the generators in the crumbling world above.
I have a flashlight, and it actually becomes easier to find your way, thats why we have the generators.  In a power out if you relax and let your eyes adjust to the darkness you would notice a slight glow coming from the tiles in the floor, if you looked close you would see that it was arrows pointing toward the exit.  This is so our guys could quickly find their way out.  Of course the exit would be locked in the off chance that one of the prisoners figured it out, the generally dont leave their rooms though, the size of this place is frightening.  But thats why we generally dont let the power go out down here. The man finished.
Peter doubted that they would be able to find Alice in a power out so he wanted to pick up the pace.  He did feel oddly safe here, from the aliens at least, but he wanted out.
They came around another corner and the man stopped, gesturing to the door.
Before you go in let me tell you that I am truly sorry, the man offered his hand.  Peter was going to take it, something he did automatically, but he stopped.  He could never allow this man and people like him forgiveness.  The world was in flames, people were now slave zombies and it was guys like him that had allowed it to get to that point.  He would never be able to allow this man the respite he sought through forgiveness.
Peter entered the room, the man pulled his hand back.  Peter never learned his name, never cared to.
There sitting on a thin mattress on top of a metal slab was his wife.  He ran to her.
Alice its me, are you okay, Ive got you, the words came in a jumble.
She looked shocked, surprised, catatonic.  Then emotion flowed back into her eyes.  For a bit she had looked emptily at him, worried that he was just a cruel trick or something along those lines.  She had learned not to trust anything down here.
No words would come.  All she could do was sob.
Its okay, Im here, Im here.  Youre safe now, Peter felt the part about being safe was a lie.  He was already conscious that to her the world above was still normal.  She probably had no idea that he was taking her from one bad place to another.  He wanted to let her relief last as long as possible.  He didnt want to spring another horrible situation on her just yet.
They said Id be here for the rest of my life, she said cleaning her eyes off.
Things have changed, they are letting us leave, they are letting me off the hook, Peter didnt know what they had told her but he was sure that it was something about her being held because of him.  Or at least the interrogations had probably centered around him and she could have figured it out.
Why? she asked.  Peter couldnt tell her yet.  He wanted her to have a few more minutes of peace.  She had noticed the rifle though and would not let up.
I guess the best way is for you to see for yourself.  The world is not as you remember it, we were invaded, they took out most of the planet in a matter of minutes.  I really dont know how to explain.  But Aliens have taken over earth and enslaved the human race.  I know that sounds crazy but its the truth, Peter said.
I dont understand, why are you playing with my head, she sounded angry, Are you just another of their tricks, are you even Peter? she was getting hysterical.  Yelling.
Alice please calm down.  Look lets just get out of here okay, we will worry about one thing at a time, Peter said.
Im not going anywhere with you, youre not my husband, Alice said sitting back down on the bed.
Peter tried to think of something that he could say to convince her.
Remember our second date, remember that?  Remember how I was late picking you up because my shitty car wouldnt start.  We missed our reservation and were going to just get coffee but tried that little diner beside the movie theater instead.  You got some burger thing that was undercooked and you didnt eat it because you didnt want to get food poisoning.  So you stole half my food, Peter could see in her eyes that his recalling of their near disastrous second date was bringing her back.  At least it was convincing her that he was the real Peter.  He had dealt we similar cases of people denying loved ones in his job to know the best ways to deal with it.
She was standing up, moving toward him, when the building shook.
Shit, the soldier said from the door behind him.
What about the other prisoners? Peter asked remembering the promise to set them all free.
There are only three more, Ill grab them now, you think you can manage your way out of here? the man said.  Peter was astounded that a place this size was only holding 4 people.  He wondered if the rest were only held for short periods before being killed after they were no longer useful.
I dont know, Peter said remembering how complex this place was.
Okay, its horizontal striped tiles until you reach the brass door knobs, then follow those until you hit the angled tile, follow that until the fluorescent lights go from two tubes in a fixture to three.  After that section its just following the stainless steel doorknobs to the exit, he spoke quickly already moving down the hall.
I dont know if I can remember that, Peter was already replaying it in his head, trying to convince himself that what he had in his mind was the right combination.
You can follow me but that means you might get stuck down here, I dont know whats going on up there and I dont need any more innocent blood on my hands, the man was almost around the corner.
Ill figure it out, Peter said.  It didnt matter the guy was sprinting down the hall.
Do you remember any of that? he asked Alice.
I think I got some of it, lets just move, Id rather die trying then sitting here, she ran from where she stood in the middle of the cell and hugged him, giving him a long kiss as she did it.
Thanks for getting me by the way, she said.  Typically for her now that there was something to do she was on her feet and moving.  It was like nothing had changed, she was back to her old self and running down the hall as the building shook again with a large impact from above ground, she had always been good in a crisis.
Horizontal tile right? she asked as he ran to catch up.  The weight of the rifle was getting awkward.
Yeah until brass knobs, Peter said.
Where did you get the gun? Alice asked having noticed it for what seemed like the first time.
Long story, but when we get up there just remember there is still some hope, Peter said.  His words came out between breaths as they were now sprinting down the hall.
How bad is it? she seemed extremely calm for someone in her position.  Peter was always amazed at her ability to bounce back after horrible events.  She never failed to impress him.
Very bad, end of the world bad, there was no use trying to sugar coat it, she would see for herself soon enough.
I guess just keep running then, she sounded less enthusiastic then before, she could hear the tone in Peters voice even though it was coming out strained with the effort of sprinting. 
They kept moving trying to remember the directions.
Brass here, they turned the corner, following brass doorknobs as those doors snaked their way down the halls making corners as they noticed the different doors in different halls.  Peter remembered the long walk down here and was wondering how much longer until they got out.  The shakes in the building were becoming more and more frequent.  He really didnt want to die down here after going through so much and coming so far.  He didnt want this all to end with him ending up entombed in this prison.
They turned another corner and found the next change in the puzzle to get out, hoping that they were remembering correctly.  The sprint had turned into a jog but they kept at it, huffing and puffing they moved forward.  
There was a large quake as something exploded above them, Peter was thrown to the ground and crawled over to Alice, shielding her with his body.  He closed his eyes and waited for the crush of a building falling down around him. 
There was nothing, the shaking stopped.  When he opened his eyes though he was faced with a solid wall of darkness.  The power had gone out, they now had to make their way out of here following the faint glowing marks on the floor that Peter had been told about.  He didnt like how that was going to slow them down.  To make matters worse the dust thrown loose from the explosion had made the faint marks even more difficult to see.
What now, Alice sounded panicked.
Dont worry the guy told me how to get out of her with no light, its just gonna take longer, Peter said crouching down to the floor.
The marks were faint but they were there.  Little arrows, so small that if you didnt know they were there you would miss them.  It really was ingenious how they had arranged this prison.  A place that gave escapees hope while they wandered endless halls walking in circles without even knowing it.
It was so dark without the light that Peter had to crouch down and constantly check the arrows, he wished he had some kind of flashlight.  Their pace had slowed to a crawl almost literally as Peter had to drop to the ground at every corner to make sure they were still headed in the right direction.
The quivering in the  building was becoming worse as it seemed the structure was giving way under the assault from above.  He imagined the battle that might be raging outside the building right now.  There didnt seem to be enough men to stage a prolonged defense but who knew how large a facility like this might be.
Peter stood up and began following along a wall after checking one corner.  He took a step and was floored by a huge tremor, one that shook the ceiling tiles loose.  He jumped on top of Alice out of instinct.  He felt the tiles landing on his back but they were not followed by anything heavier.
We need to get out of here, the fear in Alices voice was enough to make him want to start sprinting, but it was too dark for that.  Now there would be tiles and other debris littering the floor, slowing them down even more.
We have to take our time, dont worry I think we are almost there, Peter tried to sound like he was relaxed but he was far from it.
Okay, they started moving again.
He had to brush aside debris to see the floor that held the only key they had to get out of this place.  Peter was beginning to lose hope after more and more time and distance passed and they still got no-where.  It was like the arrows were leading them along the wrong path.  
Maybe that guy had lied to him, maybe he had actually wanted Peter to get trapped down here and Peter had fallen for it.  He was starting to panic, they were going to die in this hole after coming so far.
Then he walked into a door.  It hurt, but he was moving slow enough for it to just startle him despite the fact that he had hit it face first.  He pushed it open and was overcome with relief as light flooded through.  The light was coming from an emergency box running on battery power.  The whole facility had lost power, getting out of that maze was only making things look bleaker.
Okay, stay low now, we are going to try to sneak our way out of here, he told Alice.  The fear was now visible on her face.  The loud sound of gunfire almost drowned out what he was telling her.
I know it looks bad, but I know a place, somewhere that might be safe, Peter said.
She just nodded.  Peter flicked the safety on the rifle, checked the chamber and started to move with Alice following close behind.
He wanted to head away from the sounds of fighting occurring at the front of the building but he didnt know any other way out.  The crack of rifles, the rattle of automatic gunfire and the weird whoop of the Alien weapons had his senses keyed up to the point where he felt each step through his body, he smelt the cordite in the air and the world seemed to move slower.
Coming into the room where the fight was taking place with the hulking alien death machines across the road, the men who had taken Alice and chased him keeping them at bay with constant fire.  The occasional rocket fired from a shoulder mounted launcher.  The aliens were shrugging off hits, Peter only saw two of them smoking in ruin, there were only more entering the fray, dropping in from the sky.  The loud explosion of a rocket motor kicking in followed by the blast as it hit one of those things threw him and Alice to the ground.  He didnt feel like he could move.  The fear was overtaking him.
He lifted his head to see the one alien that had been hit stagger, fall back and under a shower of gunfire hit the street and stop moving.  It was a small victory as there were more of those things out there and another one just stepped into its place.
Peter saw the man who had fired the rocket get hit by one of the invaders.  He fell and then started burning from the inside faster than anyone could extinguish the flames.  He was a pile of ash faster than Peter could look away.  Still these soldiers fought on, hardened by combat and years of training.  Peter could never forgive them for what they had done to Alice, for how they had sold the world, but now they were fighting to save it.  They were dying to save it, they earned forgiveness in that death.
Lets move, Peter said to Alice, getting his voice back.
They crawled to the side of the building, along the established line of cover.  A blast from one of the alien heavy weapons sent a group of men flying, taking out a huge chunk of the building in the process.  They had to get out of here before the entire building came down.
They reached the far wall.  Peter could see a place where there was an opening, but it meant running toward these monstrous things and then diving off to the side.  He also didnt know how many of them were on the street, but there was no other way.  They were dead if they stayed here, at least out there they had a chance.  He could only hope that all the attention would be focused on the firefight and not on two people trying to run away.
Were going to have to make a run for it, reach that wall and just sprint like mad down the street, he said to Alice, straining to be heard over the sounds of battle.
What? Is that the only way out of here? she asked fear on her face.  She could see the line of attackers firing relentlessly into the building.
Its that or we wait here to die, Peter said.
Okay, fear was replaced with determination.  Her ability to adapt to changing situations on the fly was one he was jealous of.  He didnt feel confident enough to do this and here she was going from a prison out into a world that had collapsed while she was locked up and she was ready to run blindly into gunfire.  He didnt know if it was because she trusted him that much or if it was because she was braver then hes ever be.
Alright, stay close, Peter said readying his rifle even though he knew it would do him no good.  It felt better being armed though.  He would have to trust that Alice was on his heels.  He looked back into her face and saw that she looked a lot more confident then he felt.  Then he jumped over the wall and made a break for that little opening.
He felt things moving past his face, they could have been bullets or they could have been just figments of his imagination.  He could hear Alice behind him, she was right behind him which gave him confidence.  He broke through the hole and looked back, Alice was still there, determination on her face.  He made a quick right on the street and sprinted as fast as he could to the nearest spot of cover he could find.  Alice slid in behind him.
They were now at the side of the attack column, there were a few of those things on the street but they were facing the battle ready to step in when one of their comrades fell.  They took no notice of Peter and Alice huddled behind a pile of rubble.  They sat there catching their breath for a bit.  Peter now had to make sure they could get back to the base in a city that was probably crawling with these aliens.
You okay? he asked.
Yeah, you, Alices reply let Peter know that she was holding up better than he was.
Yeah, we got to keep moving though, I dont know how many of these things are going to be patrolling the city, he said.
Were there a lot when you came? Alice asked.
No, but there could be now, it looks like they are going around cleaning up things they missed on the initial attack, he said.
Alice nodded and looked around at the ruin of a city that they were in.  She was taking it in, letting the sight of her city, her world, smoldering really sink in.  She would have never thought it possible, her brain didnt want to believe it.  Her mind was rebelling against this, all of this was insane, she felt sick, panic taking over.  That was when Peter hugged her.
Dont worry, and dont think about it, he said.  He realized that he had been running on adrenaline since he was rescued.  He had not really taken any time to think this whole situation over.  Now as they sat next to a battle, both of them sleep deprived and burnt out, the sound of explosions and gunfire not even ten feet away they began to break down.  
Peter pulled himself out of the spiral he was entering and grabbed Alice.
Dont think about it, not yet, we have to get out of here, he said pulling back and looking her in the eye as he said it.
Okay, she came out of it a little and he managed to get her standing and running again.  They ran, and ran and kept running until their lungs couldnt pull any more oxygen and their muscles were failing.  The light of a new day guiding their way as they slowed to a walk.  The sound of the battle just a slight boom in the distance.  There were more battles going on throughout the city, they could hear them all in the distance.  The invaders were clearing out the last of the fighters entrenched in the city.  The area they were in was quiet though and they just walked, listening for anything that sounded out of place, any sign that a patrolling alien was about to come around a corner.
Peter tried to relax, he could see that Alice was going from bravery to shell shock.  Under the heat of a battle, under immediate threat, she was able to pull herself together, faced with no immediate threat she was beginning to fall apart.  She was letting the enormity of the situation sink in.  Peter wanted to tell her to stop, to try to ignore everything let it all roll off, but couldnt.  He didnt know how to tell a person to do that, not in a situation like this.
They walked in silence, the new day rising over a burnt out city.  Peter navigating streets he used to know, getting back to a place that was a little sane, a place where humanity was still in control.  He realized that the rebel base was probably the last holdout of human organization in the city.  Peter hoped that it had not been discovered yet, hoped that he could find some peace to get Alice to, something to help her recover a little bit from this total shock to the system.
He at least had something to hope for.  As far as Alice knew this place was not even real, she had not seen it, had no experience of it.  To her they were heading into an unknown.  Her world was shattered and she had no idea if where they were going was any better than where they were. 
Lets stop here for a bit, he said knowing that they both needed a rest.  Alice was fading more and more with each step.  He wanted to be able to do something but nothing in his training as a psychiatrist had ever prepared him for this.  He was collapsing mentally and was in no state to reassure someone else who was going through the same thing.  He could still try to at least give her enough normalcy to hold onto.
Lets see if we can grab some food, he had chocolate in mind, something comforting and high in sugar.
She just looked at him and followed as he entered what used to be a convenience store.  The place was dark, light falling through the dusty and barred front glass barely enough to see by.  Shelves were toppled over, their contents strewn across the floor, but other than that the place looked normal.  It had not been looted, the shelves felled by the shaking not by human hands.  He was glad for this although it was also a little disconcerting.  It just showed the scale of the disaster, people had not even had time to loot anything.  
This did leave them a nice selection of chips and chocolate and drinks from the now warm refrigerators.
Here eat this, he offered Alice a chocolate bar with enough sugar and calories to be considered a meal replacement.  People would eat junk like this all day on top of huge greasy fast food meals and then wonder why they were obese.  It had been a real problem, people eating too much junk, such an embarrassing problem.  The whole country was fat and lazy, living in the comfort of late capitalism.  Maybe it was time that the human race went extinct, it was just a mass of fat and wasted potential, at least in the western world.  Any hope in the lesser developed countries had been crushed by capitalism, those people were the ones who manufactured the goods for the west to feed on.  The world had been doomed long before this.  He was getting cynical with lack of food and sleep.
She took a small bite to start.  The taste of food activated something in her brain, a basic instinct that no amount of mental trauma could quiet, the instinct to live.  She finished the rest of the chocolate in a few bites and followed it with a bottle of water that Peter offered.
Thanks, sorry, its just too much, she said finding her voice again.  Them sitting somewhere relatively safe, sort of normal, and combined with a little food comfort had her relaxing and getting out of the bad mental space she had been entering.
I know, but we have to hold it together, get to this safe place, then hopefully out of the city.  Go find somewhere quiet in the woods to eke out a living, Peter said.
Its how did this all happen?  The whole world gone in the space of how many hours? she asked.
Not even ten, they have technology far beyond anything we could even conceive of, and it doesnt help that our government handed them the keys, Peter said.
What? Alices voice was loud.
Thats why you were picked up, I was given a message from someone working against the government, Peter explained what he had been up to since Alices incarceration.  
So then, there is still a chance, she said immediately picking out the positive.
I guess, its not much but its something.  Guerilla warfare almost defeated the Americans in Iraq and Afghanistan, its proof that a vastly superior army can at least be given a run for its money by technologically limited opponents, Peter said.
Yeah but in those cases America still had to abide by the rules of war, they couldnt nuke cities, couldnt intentionally kill and enslave civilians, Alice said.
Well these invaders could have probably just leveled every major human population center but they havent.  They want a handful of survivors, they want the planet destabilized so that those that remain will willingly enter their control.  Maybe if we dont just give in we will stand a chance, Peter said.
I hope so, and I guess thats all we have, Alice said.
It is, Peter hugged her close.
They sat in that store for a little longer, drinking water and eating junk food.  They had another few hours of walking ahead of them, if everything went smoothly.  Peter didnt know if the invaders would be out in more force now that it was daylight and people would be coming out of hiding to scavenge for supplies.
We should get moving, I dont know if its going to be easier or harder to get back, we might have to spend some time dodging these things, Peter said.
Alice nodded and they grabbed some water and started out the door again.  Peter checking the street for any sign of disturbance as they walked through the threshold, his eyes adjusting to the light after the dim store.
They continued down the street, hugging the buildings at the edge ready to dart inside one at any sign of trouble.  The sounds of fighting and gunfire had died down, although there was still a large battle raging somewhere.  They could hear the distant booms, but they were far enough away that there was no reason to worry.
The day was a warm one, beautiful, the fires of the previous day had died down.  Birds and squirrels wandered around the city, paying little heed to the change that had occurred around them.  If anything it meant more food for them.  In the long run many of them would starve with no human garbage to feed off, but the city was theirs now.  The world was now in the hands of the animals that had survived, humanity was never going to take it back.  Even if they could beat these aliens and take the planet it would take years to return to where they had been.  Maybe this time they would avoid the mistakes of the past, maybe this whole thing would turn out to be a positive and humanity could restart and fix everything it had done.
Once again Peter just held onto any hope he could find.  They walked down the abandoned streets, leaves playing in the breeze.  There was a shuffle from inside one of the buildings, they both froze.
Waiting, there was no follow up no continued noise, Peter was about to write it off as an animal when it happened again.  They both were crouching and from a crouch dropped to the ground.  Peter waited to see what would emerge from the broken window across the street.
A head popped out.  A survivor looking for scraps, a person.  Peter went to stand but Alice pulled him back down.  The look on her face was one that told him a tale of mistrust and fear.  There was no way of knowing if this person was going to be friendly or if they would try to rob Peter for his gun, or for Alice.  There had been no sign that society had degraded that far in such a short time but when the city burned down around a person it often did something to them.
Not like they were well hidden lying prone on the ground but at least Peter could get a shot off before this guy had a chance to adjust his aim.  If the guy even had a gun, they were both acting a little paranoid.
The guy climbed through the window and right away Peter felt like he was acting crazy.  He had no weapon and was carrying a bottle of water and some food.  Peter stood up, the guy jumped when he saw him noticed the gun and a look of fear crossed his face that made Peter feel like he was the enemy.
Relax, Peter said.
Scared the shit out of me, the man said.
Sorry, just heard you in there and didnt know what you were, Peter said, Alice was now standing beside him.
Yeah pretty crazy out here man, so what are you? Government or something? the man asked still eyeing the rifle.
No, just a guy trying to get somewhere safe, what about you? Peter asked.
Same thing I guess, look we cant just stand around here talking, I got to run, the man said.
Come with us I know a place, Peter told him.
No, sorry, I have to go, the man said turning away and sprinting into another building across the street.
He was an odd one, Alice said.
Everyones going to be a little odd when they are running for their lives, Peter said.
Yeah, I guess, but why would he run off?  Why not stay with the guy holding the gun? Alice said.
Maybe it scared him, Peter thought of the fear he would have if the man had had a weapon.
Maybe, Alice said and they kept walking.
Peter was fighting the urge to break into a run again.  They had their wind back and could do it physically, but it would also make them vulnerable.  They would miss hearing things that could save them, like people or aliens rustling in buildings.  He just wanted to get to safety as fast as he could.
He had to settle for a fast walk, something that allowed them to keep an eye on their surroundings while still making a quick progress toward the goal of safety that lay ahead.  The sun was now high in the sky, making them sweat.  Peter felt rancid in the clothes he had been wearing for a few days.  He could only imagine how Alice felt.
The sounds of fighting had all died away, the city was still and quiet.  A totally silent city, no traffic, no people, no ambient noise.  It was eerie, it made Peter feel uncomfortable.  It reminded him of when he was a child and had to go to a specialist early in the mornings with his mom.  On their way to the doctor they would walk through a busy underground mall.  Normally this mall would be filled with people and noise, to an uncomfortable level.  But at five in the morning on a week day the place was a ghost town.  All the cleaners had left for the night and nothing was open.  Sometimes they were the only ones in there and their footsteps traveled in the echo filled emptiness.  Their voices spoke back to them, bouncing off the walls.  He had always wanted to yell in that empty place, just to see if he could get a real echo, but his mother always stopped him.  
He could yell now, but that would most likely only get them caught and give away their position to everyone and everything close to them.  The emptiness was getting to him though, a place once so full of life, now devoid of it and only in the space of a few hours.  They needed to get to the base.
Peter kept them going, Alice was burning out as was he.  They had both not slept in days in his case and he could imagine that Alice had not slept too well cooped up in that cell.  He wanted to just lie down and take a nap, let the worst happen.  Let this whole thing just wash over.  The city was peaceful now, a place where one could just give in and relax.  He could not let himself do that though.  Could not let himself sink to that quitting attitude where he just surrendered.  That was what had got humanity to this place in the first place.  He had to keep pushing, had to keep Alice pushing along with him.
They were getting close.  The buildings were getting smaller as they got closer to the warehouse district where the base was located.  They passed the scene of the battle between the civilians and the aliens that Peter had seen coming out here.  Spent shell casings still littered the ground.  Peter debated telling Alice about it but instead they kept walking.  They were close now, Peter was letting himself get excited against his better judgment.
Only about an hour away at the pace they were moving.  Peter began to notice things that were out of place, the buildings looked more scarred around here, more battle worn then the rest of the city.  He hoped that maybe he had just not noticed this area and the damage done to it when he was leaving it before.  He hoped that these were not fresh, that a battle had not occurred while he had been absent.  He hoped that the base hadnt moved out and begun its offensive.  That was doubtful, he was sure that if they had attacked there would be more people here, that front lines would have been established.  He increased his pace, even as he tried to convince himself that everything was okay, he wanted to get back as quick as possible.
Whats wrong? Alice asked noticing the look on Peters face as he increased his pace.
Nothing, at least I hope nothing, Peter said.
What does that mean?  Dont talk in riddles, not now, Alice said.
Well I dont think this area looked this battle torn when I was last here, Peter said.
Im sure its just your imagination, Alice said.
I hope so, I really do, Peter looked at the nearly collapsed building beside them.
They continued at a jog, he had to get to the base to assuage the fears that were building in his gut.
There was smoke now, on the horizon, and Peter was sure that it was coming from where the base was.
Shit. Shit. Shit, Peter said.
What? Alice asked with alarm.  They had stopped running and Peter was just staring at the smoke.
That smoke.  Its the base, he said looking at her.  She said nothing, had nothing to say.
Lets keep moving, see whats actually there, he started running toward the smoke with Alice in tow.
They rounded the corner of one warehouse to start down the street to the base, the smell of chemical smoke filling his nostrils.  The smoke filled his eyes, obscuring his vision.  Ahead of him was a massive hole in the ground.  Alice came up behind him and gasped, grabbing him.
Where the base had been was now nothing, just an empty crater, the only sign it had been there was the blasted out reinforced concrete bits that stuck out jaggedly from the edges of the pit.  Smoke rose from the bottom, where the machinery had been that he and Tomas had been working on only twenty-four hours earlier.
What happened, Alice said, her voice filled with fear and disappointment.
I. I. Dont know, they were found out, Peter said wondering how that would have come about.  It was impossible, the base was deep under the earth, it had cut all outside communications to become untraceable, it was impossible to find.  Unless the guys he had sent back here had been followed.  But that was impossible, why would they follow a rag tag group of people.  Whatever the reason, the base was gone, obliterated, like it had never existed except for the massive empty pit that was left behind.
What now? Alice asked.
I guess we just keep moving, Peter said.  He looked into the hole.
Alice jumped and let out a scream.  Peter whirled around raising the rifle.  All around them, emerging from the buildings were hulking two legged robotic monstrosities.  There was nowhere to hide, nothing they could do.  His back to the smoking pit of the last hope he had, his front toward the most certain death he had ever seen, Alice scared, screaming in front of him, finally breaking down from the cruel reality of it all.  He grabbed her, putting his body in front of her, chambering a fresh round in the rifle.  The things kept advancing, kept moving in, not firing.  For an instant the thought of surrendering, living in that bliss of mind control, crossed his mind.  It was only there for an instant, enticing him one last time.  The will to survive throwing out one last suggestion.  Then he squeezed the trigger.
***
He awoke, forgetting where he was before the memories of the accident and the hospital and everything else came flooding back.  He was filled with grief at first then that was replaced with joy at having beaten the odds and lived.  He looked around the still lit room, the nurses had not turned off the lights.
Alicia was not in the room.  She must have gone off to get food.  A nurse walked in.
Oh youre awake, I thought youd be resting, she said.
Just woke up, wheres my wife? Peter asked with a smile wanting to see her again, appreciating her even more after all they had just been through.
Sir? the nurse asked, looking confused.
My wife, Alicia, she was here earlier, Peter said.
Just a minute, the nurse left in a hurry.  Peter was getting concerned, maybe something had happened to her, maybe some internal bleeding they hadnt caught earlier.
The nurse came back with a doctor in tow.
Mr. Lawson, the doctor said.
Yes thats me, whats wrong with my wife? Peter asked.  The doctor had raised his mild concern to a full on alarm level.
Well there is no easy way to say this.  She passed away.  In the accident, the paramedics there was nothing they could do for her, the doctor said.
No.  Thats impossible, Ive been talking to her this whole time, she was here before I fell asleep.  This is some fucked up joke you sick piece of shit, now where is my wife, Peter was trying to yell but his battered body couldnt handle the effort.
Sir, Peter, Im sorry, but she didnt survive the crash.  I am so sorry for your loss, the doctor said.
There is no loss here, she is alive and you assholes are just fucking with me, Peter said.  Even though something was coming to him, in the back of his mind, a memory not there before.  The cloud that had been over his mind lifting a little.  
The doctor and nurse left the room as he broke into tears.
Alicia was sitting beside him in the car.  Then everything was a blur of motion.  She had been smiling at a joke he had just said, something about asshole drivers.  Then he lost her, losing his orientation as well.  
He looks over and sees her, blood everywhere.  Shes on the road, her face pale with just a tiny red streak, like she had smeared a berry over her pale skin.  Her eyes closed, her face relaxed, her legs missing.
He had broken down, crawled out of the car toward her.  The pain of his own injuries had slowed him, but he made it to her.  She was gone, but he couldnt accept it.  He tried to run for help but his body refused to stand up.  He crawled to the side of the road, it was all a dream, all not real, a horrible nightmare.  He just needed to run.  He slid down the embankment and blacked out.  
Peter lay sobbing in his hospital bed, cursing the fact that he had lived.  Wanting to die, wanting to give in, and knowing that it was all useless, living was useless without her.

The Other Side, Closer
He woke to a terrible craving, the worst he had ever felt.  It was an itch in his head nagging constantly.  It was a swarm of ants running around in his brain, it was an itch beyond his ability to scratch.  He needed something and for the first time in his life it wasnt drugs.  He knew what he was craving but was too scared to admit it. 
Alice was sleeping in the chair beside the bed, her neck exposed, he could almost see the artery.  He imagined all the red fluid pumping through her body, how easy it would be to just grab her, muffle her face with a pillow and rip into her neck drinking the blood as it poured from the wound.
Peter shook his head trying to banish those thoughts.  They were just like the ones he had had after a few weeks sobriety.  Fantasizing about stopping at the liquor store on the way home and downing a bottle of rye.  The thoughts of how easy it would be to just say no to the sobriety bull shit and slip comfortably back into the easy world of drug use.  The thoughts of quitting rehab, giving up on life and entering a world where nothing really mattered and he could waste his life chasing the next high.
This craving would not go away as easily as those other ones had though.  This craving was one that felt ingrained in his bones.  It was something that he was starting to face as totally real and entirely tied to what he had gone through in that town.  He knew what he had become and knew that he had to get out of the city before he did something stupid.  
But that could not be right.  There was no such thing as a vampire, those were the creatures of gothic horror and teen romance.  He couldnt just go running off into the woods because of some craving.  It was probably a misplaced craving for drugs construed into a craving for blood by his traumatized brain.  John probably planted that idea in his freshly clean mind and now his brain was grasping at something to crave that wasnt drugs so it went for what he had been told.  He was in a vulnerable state and being abducted and assaulted like that had caused a disconnect in his mind, now he thought his drug craving was a blood craving.
Alice stirred beside him and he debated pretending to be asleep.  He wanted to think this out more, maybe he was losing it.  Maybe that traumatic experience had brought about some latent mental illness, maybe he was going totally schizophrenic.
It was not unheard of.  It was something a lot of trauma survivors went through.  Survive something horrible and your brain can never shut itself off, can never escape that image.  Can never recover.  It took most people years of therapy to get out of what he had just gone though.  He had latched onto an idea that was all.  When the doctor came to check on him he would bring up this whole thing and get a referral to a shrink, get some help and straighten his head space out.  Try to speed up the whole therapy process a little, the craving was making him begin to fear for his sanity.
Alice woke up and he decided to act like he had just come around as well.
How you feeling? she asked sleepily.
Good, he lied.
Thats good, I think Im going to head out to the hotel, seeing him in a better state had reassured her and she felt that she could leave his bedside.  He was probably going to be transferred tomorrow anyway and it was late.
That would be perfect, get a good night sleep and come back in the morning to see what happens.  Hopefully they move me to the city, Peter said more concerned with his increasing mental issues.
Okay, you know my cell number, call me if anything happens, Alice said.
I promise, go rest a little, you deserve it, Peter said.
I dont, I havent done anything more then what you would do for me, she said kissing him.  He thought of that and hoped that were their roles reversed he would do the same.  He didnt know if he would have it in him to sacrifice so much for her.
I love you, he said.
I love you too, and you try to get as good a sleep as you can in here, she said.
I will try, drive safe, he watched her leave the room and felt a little guilty for feeling grateful.  He was glad for the time to think.  It was also becoming difficult for him to maintain his composure while fighting against the intense craving consuming his brain.  He felt like he was losing the battle against himself.  
The silent noises of the hospital surrounded him.  The muffled footsteps, the muted voices, distant sounds of machines keeping people alive, keeping people carefully observed.  Everything sounded louder, more amplified, intruding on his mind.  Noise drilling into his brain, the craving making every little annoyance in his body that much more obvious.  The pain in his arms amplified was getting worse, the itching in his head was enough to drive the calmest person insane.  He needed to escape it all, he needed something to calm it all down.
Sleep was going to be impossible.  The noise amplified to a deafening volume.  Everything overpowering his senses, his vision faded to white, his hearing to a faint ring.
When he opened his eyes he didnt know where he was.  It was dark and smelled like rust.  His sight adjusted, and he saw that he was surrounded by shelves.  In a supply closet or something similar.  His hands were wet, and so was his face, but the craving was gone.  He was mercifully free of it.  Then he saw that he was crouching over the body of a nurse, her lifeless eyes staring at him.  Her throat a ragged mess that looked black in the near darkness of the closet.
Panic flooded him.  He had not done this, this was a dream, it was all not real.  He tried to wake up, tried to escape it.  His body refused to wake up, this was real.  
He retched but nothing came up.  His body was not going to relinquish the blood no matter how much his mind recoiled at the idea.
He couldnt accept what he had done, he didnt remember anything.  Except he did, he was remembering.  He hadnt been in control of himself, it was like he was possessed.  The craving was all that mattered and he couldnt fight it at all.  He had gotten up from his bed and walked down the hall.  There had been a nurse standing alone.  It was late and the wing was silent.  He asked her to follow him and when he had assured himself that there was no one around he had grabbed her, choking her with all the strength he had left.  His body felt weaker than it should have, the craving was taking so much out of him.  The nurse was tiny and he was large, his muscles were strong from the rehab and all the exercise he had done while he was recovering.  He had also had the element of surprise working for him.  The nurse wasnt expecting to be attacked by this nice guy who she had helped only an hour earlier.
Once in the closet, with her still struggling against him, fighting with all she had, he tore into her neck.  He didnt have fangs, didnt have vampire strength or seduction or mind control.  All he had was normal human teeth, normal human strength and a very serious and mind controlling craving for blood.  
The bite had been ragged and there was a lot of wasted blood.  He had still managed to drink his fill.  Then he had come to, the craving gone he was his normal self.  
He tried puking again.  It was not possible, there was no way that had been him.  Only he had done that, he could see his own handy work staring lifelessly back at him.  The panic filled him again, he had become a monster, a murderer, a total nut case possessed by this craving.  He had to get out of here.
Only there was no way to hide the body and he was sure that a murdered nurse with her throat torn out and a missing patient claiming to be a vampire would have them putting the pieces together pretty fast.  He just had to run.  It was that or stay here, go to jail, lose everything.  If he ran he had a chance, at least he thought he did.  He could live in that town, become what Jonathon had been.  When the cops came snooping around he would hide in the woods.  He would survive off animals or something.  He wouldnt have to kill again.  He just had to remove himself from society.  If he went to prison he would get the cravings and there would be nothing he could do about it.  He would live in a state of complete and utter torture.  Craving blood, consumed by the need for it but unable to get it.  Like a man dying of thirst, only he wouldnt have the mercy of death.
He needed to escape.  Remove himself from the world.  Remove himself from Alice before he ended up hurting her.  So he ran, he cleaned himself up and ran.  He didnt know how long it would take to get back to the town, he didnt know how to get there, but he trusted that his body and mind would find the way.  Drawn to his new home like a moth drawn to a flame, a mosquito drawn to blood, a vulture drawn to death.  He could not stand the thought of rotting in prison, feeling the cravings he felt during rehab.  The craving for blood was worse than that, worse than any craving years of drug and alcohol abuse could ever conjure up.
The road was long, it took him days walking and hitching his way.  He stopped at diners and ate cheap meals.  He slept in the woods, drank from streams, became more like the animal he had turned into.  He checked the news on every television he saw, every paper he found lying around.  Looking for his picture, something that would get him caught before he got back there. 
He had drawn as much money as he could from his depleted bank account before setting forth, before anyone had known what he had done.  He had bought new clothes to disguise himself and a small backpack to carry what he thought would be essential.  
On the second day he did see a picture of himself, on the television in a small diner where he was choking down some food that tasted like ash.  He pulled his hat down and got out of there quickly, leaving money for the food.  He hoped he just looked like a drifter.
That was when he stopped going into the towns.  He didnt really feel hunger anymore anyway.  He was starting to feel the craving again, like he had in the hospital.  He fought them, he was ready for them.  He could keep himself under control.  The cravings forced him deeper into the woods, further away from any civilization.  Further away from temptation.  It was like avoiding a drug, if you wanted to stay sober it was not a good idea to hang around your drug of choice.
He lost track of the days, his body weak with the craving.  The sun was starting to burn again, even the tiniest little bit of exposure felt like holding his skin to an open flame.  It had not bothered him right after he drank the nurse dry, it seemed the only cure for his new sun allergy was blood.  So he started sleeping during the day, finding the darkest hole he could and hiding out in it.  Waiting for the night.  He had no trouble seeing in the dark, he was comfortable in the dark.  
It was during one of these late night stumbles through the woods that he arrived into the town.  His body had been pulling him here, it was like a magnetic attraction.  This was where he belonged now.  This was his home.
There in the center of the town was the red glow of the stop light.  His car was gone, it had been towed away.  The police tape was gone as well.  The investigation had not lasted very long.  He had a feeling that the cops just assumed he was crazy when they could find no trace of an attacker.  He hoped that they hadnt searched the houses at all.  He was kind of banking on finding something to eat, although his appetite was gone, he knew that he had to eat something.
Every step felt like torture, his entire being was screaming for blood, for that metallic taste, that blissful feeling of warm liquid flowing down his throat.  His mouth watered at the thought of how the nurse had tasted.  He lamented the blood that had been wasted, he would have to be more efficient in future feedings.  John had left only two little pricks on the side of his neck, that had allowed Peter to survive and produce more blood.  Maybe John had a method of draining what he needed and keeping the victim alive as long as possible to get as much blood as he could.
He was going to have to be more careful, more scientific with his feeding.  Only no.  He was not going to let himself become that, he was going to hide out here living off forgotten canned food.  Waiting to die.  There was no need for blood.  This town was safe, he could just hide out here and wait to die.
The house he had gone into the first day was as he had left it.  The cops had clearly not taken much of an interest in the abandoned town.  Probably just assumed the whole thing was empty and left it to go back to rotting into the woods.  
Peter sat down at the table, in the house that had given him some food that first day.  He put his head in his hands and started sobbing.  Everything was gone now, everything.  Alice, his new life, his freedom and to top it all off he felt horrible, his body consumed by craving.  He cried, he panicked, he felt lost, he just wanted to die but could not commit to the finality of suicide.  At this point suicide seemed like the only option, except something inside him rebelled at the idea.  Something primal, the same something that was driving him mad craving blood, screaming for blood.
There was a faint glow rising over the edge of the town, daylight was returning.  He left the house and ran to the ally, the ally where there was a little coffin like room.  A room where this had all started.
He swung the door open.  This room had clearly been gone over by the police, but besides having all the contents confiscated for evidence it was the same.  If anything it was bigger now that the boxes were gone.  Peter hoped that the cops were done with this town.  They had assumed that John had escaped into the woods, so they were probably on the lookout in nearby populated towns and had nothing to do with this place.
At least that was what Peter hoped.  He slept on the cold cement floor, awaiting what the next night would bring.  The thought that the cops might search this town for him did occur, but he doubted it.  They probably wouldnt think that a wounded, sick man could have made it this far.  Except he was no longer wounded, his burns had healed over the hike, his body was recovering faster, the blood helped with some things.  He felt weak, but that was probably because of the crippling cravings he was going through.  If only he could have some blood he would feel amazing.  He just couldnt let himself, he had to fight it.
He awoke a few hours later, the craving had taken over his mind.  Just one more time, only one more time, then he would never touch blood again.  He would hunt someone down, drain them and then with a clear head hed be able to come up with a solution.  He could turn himself in, there was surly some sort of leniency, he would get temporary insanity or something like that.  He would get help, the hospital could feed him blood, Alice would gladly donate if she knew it would help him.  He could make everything better he just needed a plan and in order to come up with any plan worth a damn he needed a clear head.
It was still daylight out, he was realizing that even in total darkness he could tell what time it was outside and if it was safe to leave.  He tried to go back to sleep but couldnt.  He was whiting out again, the craving taking over, his ears ringing.  
A pang of fear shot through his system.  What if in a craze induced by the craving he went outside.  He would go the same way John had.  Peter sat there on the cement floor, fighting with everything he had against the craving, he was not ready to die, not yet.
There was mercifully no clock or any way of telling time in the room.  Peter said a thanks for small miracles.  If he could have seen a clock he knew that watching that second hand tick would be like watching a sloth move across a branch.  He was better off not knowing how much longer he had to fight this for.  He was sure that some base survival instinct would keep him in the room, but he still did not want to risk it.
Years of trying to get sober and failing had taught him how to deal with cravings.  He knew what he was going through was just like any other craving only this one literally took over his mind.  He could still fight it though, he knew that much.  In the hospital he was still weak from the drugs and the entire ordeal, but trekking here and recovering from his injuries had made him strong and he was strong enough to fight this.
Hugging his knees to his chest he tried to take himself through a history of his life.  He looked back to where he had come from and what he was giving up, what this John guy had destroyed.  He spent years trapped in addiction, years watching his life slip away and not caring.  Now, right after he had got sober, right before he could start a new life with the woman he loved, he was here.  It was all over, he was finished.  There was no coming back from killing someone, no level of insanity plea would ever get him his freedom back.  The best he had to look forward to was being heavily medicated in a secure mental ward consumed by a total craving for blood.  He was fooling himself thinking that they would give him blood, he knew he was being too optimistic.  Still without that hope there was nothing to hold onto.  He could not let himself become a monster, could not let himself turn someone else into what he had become.  
All he had to do was open that door and it would all be over.  Just step out there into the light and end it all, escape all this.  Only he couldnt, something in him demanded life, repelled the idea of suicide.  He stared at the door, resenting it and the freedom it offered that he could not take.  
Staring at the door he began to space out, enter into a kind of half sleep, the closest he got to any form of rest that day.  Something clicked in his head, he knew it was dark enough out there to venture forth safely.  He told himself that he was just going to try to find something, an animal or something, anything with blood in it.  He just needed a little to help him clear his head.  Except when he opened the door he was presented with a gift.  There was a car driving through the town.  He could tell it was not a cop, just another lost person like he had been.  The car was moving slow enough that Peter could jog to catch up with it and grab the drivers attention.  He told himself that this would be the last person.  He would hide the body and no one would know, he would still only get pegged with the one murder.  It would be fine, he would deal with the consequences when they arose, for now he just needed blood, he needed to clear this craving out of his head.
He was running after the car as it slowed to a stop, telling himself this, then everything went white, just like in the hospital.  
He came back to a world of screaming and terror.  He was in the room again only there was a woman screaming and tied up in the corner.  There was blood everywhere and he was huddled over top a man with his neck torn open, just like the nurses had been.
He looked at the woman and realized how monstrous, how ghoulish his face must look.  Streaked in her husbands or boyfriends blood.  Then he noticed the other corner, two children unconscious and tied up.  His stomach did a flip and he felt himself ready to vomit again, only no blood came up just like last time.  What had he become?  
The woman stopped screaming and sat there sobbing instead.  Peter didnt know what to do.  He had just killed her husband right in front of her and had her kids tied up in the corner.  He was consumed by panic, fear, guilt, and crushing remorse.  As what had happened came flooding back into his now clear mind.
The man had gotten out of the car when Peter mentioned a pay phone.  He had taken the man around a corner, just out of view of the car.  When he turned to face the phone Peter had punched him in the back of the head just below where the spine and skull meet.  The man staggered and turned and that was when Peter had knocked him out with a quick blow to the jaw.  With the man out of the way he walked back to the car where the woman was standing outside enjoying a smoke.  She hadnt heard Peter approach over the soft radio noise coming through the open window.  She looked up in surprise just as Peter hit her in the jaw.  It had been almost too easy.  The kids had woken up when Peter opened the door but they were easy enough to smother into unconsciousness, they couldnt be older than eight.
He had dragged all the bodies here and bound them up with some rope from one of the houses.  Now he was staring at his handy work.  He had a nice stash of living people now, plenty to last him at least a few weeks as long as he kept them alive.  A part of him rejoiced, the same part that got excited when he stared at a case of whisky after a big pay check, the same side that celebrated at the sight of enough pills to last him a month.  He hated that side of him, and he hated himself.
Im so sorry, he sobbed looking at the woman.  She just screamed again.  She was in total shock.  He didnt know what else to do, so he shoved a dirty rag in her mouth to shut her up.
Now what?  He had three people tied up and stashed away in his little room.  Two children and a woman.  There was no way he could just let them go, there was also no way he could ever go back to the real world after this.  No way he could face humanity again.  Not after what he had let himself devolve into.  He was now, completely and forever, a total monster.
Everything left him.  All feeling and emotion, replaced by total despair.  Looking at the terror on this womans face, the two unconscious possibly dead children and the corpse that used to be their father on the ground he could never forgive himself.  He now understood why John had kept the wallets, it wasnt trophy keeping, it was a way to memorialize those he had killed.  Those he had been forced into killing.  It was a way for him to remember the dead and remind himself that what he was doing was still wrong.  To keep himself from becoming just and empty shell of a person, to hang onto a little shred of humanity.
Peter reached into the dead husbands pocket.  The woman started struggling and screaming as he touched the corpse.  He knew there was nothing he could say to make this better.  He also knew that as much as he didnt want to he was going to have to feed on her soon.  Not for a few days but before she died of something else, or escaped.  He could use the threat of violence toward her children to help keep her under control, at least for the first little bit.  He hated how he was already methodically planning all this.  It was just something that needed to be done.  He had already made his choice, he could have killed himself, but he had made the choice to live and this was what living entailed for him now.
So instead of saying anything to her to try to calm her he just found the mans wallet and looked through it.  There was the drivers license with his name and picture.  Richard Hamley, he would try to remember the name.  He pocketed the card and put the wallet back.  He wished he had taken the nurses ID card or something to remember her by.
Now he had to think of a way to keep these people alive so that he could make them useful and not just binge out on blood only to be consumed by the craving again in a week.  This was the problem with buying large amounts of drugs, he had always just gone on a binge and turned a month supply into a weeklong party.
The difference now was that these were human beings, a family, lives he was dealing with.  If he was going to kill them he wanted to at least make their sacrifice worthwhile.  These were people not drugs, he felt a little sick at the thought.  He had to squash that sickness down though.  Had to try to ignore it.  This was his life now, this was what he had become.
He looked at the woman, she was staring back at him with her eyes bugged out wide, terrified.  There was something in him that wanted to reassure her, but he knew there was no point.  He also knew that she would most likely keep the longest, so that meant the children had to go first.
The thought of killing children hit him down to the core.  He didnt think he could do it.  At least not in this state of clear thinking and feeling human.  He was sure that when the craving came he would have no problem with it.
Peter stood up and walked over to them.  The woman started struggling and fighting against her bindings with all she had to give.
Dont worry, Im just going to make sure they are okay, Peter said.
That didnt stop the woman but he felt like it was at least nicer then saying I just want to see if they are alive so that I can eat them later.  He checked the pulse on both of them, they were warm and there was a faint beating in their veins.  The thought of the blood in there made him shudder with craving.  Even with a stomach distended with blood, even when he felt he had satiated the craving, it was still there.  Like when he would be so high that he could barely move and would come across another pill and something in his mind would tell him that he should take it.
So now he had a plan.  Try to keep everyone alive as long as he could, then when they became too much to care for he would start feeding on them.  He would start with the youngest and work his way up to the mother.  It would be hard, he would have to have them gagged to keep them quiet in case anyone happened by the town, but if they were gagged all the time they were in danger of suffocation.  He would have to keep them quiet by holding the youngest one under threat of danger.
Im going to take that rag out of your mouth, but if you scream Im going to kill this one, he pointed to what looked like the youngest child.  They both looked so alike with dark brown hair cut short and t-shirts with their favorite cartoon characters on them.
She looked like she understood.  Peter was not actually going to kill anyone, not until the craving hit, then he was going to take one of them away and feed on them in a place where the others didnt have to watch.  No reason to torture this family more than he had done.
He took the rag out.  She didnt scream, didnt say anything.  Just looked at him with pure hate in her eyes.  He knew that given the opportunity she would tear him apart.  He would have to make sure to keep checking the knots on the ropes that bound her.
I am really sorry about all this, he said trying to calm her, trying to make some sense of this for her.
She didnt say anything.
Its just, I cant control it, I cant explain it.  I guess the best way would be to say that I think Im a vampire, or something like that.  I really dont know.  But I get these cravings, and they take over, and I do stuff like this, then I come too and, he couldnt go on, he had started crying.
Then just let us go, she said.
I. I cant.
Please, let me and my boys live.
If I let you go then Ill be caught, and you dont know what its like, these cravings, the torture of them, the pain.  Ive lost everything, I was getting it all back on track now Ive lost it all, he said.
Please, she started sobbing.
Im sorry, so sorry, he said and he moved away from her and sat in the corner.  
He didnt know what to do with them while he was keeping them.  He didnt want to sleep in the same room as them, but he didnt want to chance leaving them alone for too long.  He was also going to have to venture into town to get food for them, water as well.  This whole situation was becoming more trouble than he had the mental ability to deal with.   He was getting frustrated, angry, feeling a little out of control and to top it all off it looked like the kids were coming around.
He had to get out of here.  Had to escape this whole situation.  So he got up and without checking the knots on any of them he left the room.  There was a bolt on the door on the outside.  He had noticed it before and just thought that it had been used to keep the door shut, there was one on the inside as well.  He bolted the door shut just in case his captives got free.  It did occur to him that they could then just lock themselves in there and keep him out but at this point he didnt care.
The streets were still dark, from the looks of things, he had at least four hours of safety before sun rise.  He wandered the town trying to figure out what he was going to do now.  What was going to happen when he inevitably killed his captives?  He had to hide one body already, it was going to start smelling up the room.  He would have to go back and do that before the night was over.
He came across the car his little family had arrived in.  He got behind the wheel and moved the vehicle to a back lot where it would not be visible from the road.  He knew how lucky he had been to have this meal given to him so easily.  What worried him was that he would probably not be handed a group of people like this again.  At least not for a while.
He proceeded back to the room where everyone was still tied up although the woman had moved over to her kids and was reassuring them now that they were awake.  He knew that they could untie each other but he really didnt care about that.  He welcomed anything that would take away all the responsibility from him.  If she overpowered him and killed him or got him arrested then that would be all the better, it would mean that he wouldnt have to keep waiting for it to happen. 
Peter grabbed the husband and dragged him out of the room, bolting the door again and ignoring the screams and sobs coming from the three people huddled in the corner.  The man was heavy and it took Peter a while to drag him to the edge of the town.  There was a little hill that led down to a small creek.  He really didnt care about taking the effort to hide the corpse so he just rolled it down the hill and let it sit in the water.  It would decompose pretty quick he guessed, being exposed to the elements and animals.
He went back to the room and found the family still huddled in the corner.  They were not even trying to escape.  Peter sat on the floor and stared at them, they stared back with complete fear in their eyes.  It occurred to Peter that he was still covered in blood, but he really didnt care.  As he stared at the family the craving came on again, he was totally out of control, in a total binge state.  It was like looking into a full pill bottle after a hard day and trying to convince himself that there was no need to take them all.  He had always failed at that.
The family ended up lasting him two days.  He drained the mother that night, in front of the children.  He really didnt care anymore, all that mattered was the blood.  He got a lot better at not wasting blood.  The holes in her neck were much smaller than the tears he had done to his previous victims.  The children he drained because he didnt feel like caring for them.  They seemed to submit to it, resigning themselves to death after having watched their mother get killed in front of them.  They were in a state of shock and didnt fight at all.
Now, with the bodies all in a pile in the ravine he sat in the room wondering what to do.  He felt a little remorse for what he had done, but not a lot.  Despite his best efforts he was beginning to view people as things, drugs that filled the hole in his head caused by craving.  He wanted to feel something but feeling guilty and remorseful was only going to cause him more suffering then the craving was already doing.  He was trying to maintain a connection to humanity but he knew that he was no longer human.  The only thing that caused him to feel any loss or shame was Alice.  
He had cleaned himself up for her and she had waited.  She had been there for all the hard times, she had supported him through it all and he loved her.  He loved her more than anything else in the world and now she was gone from him forever.  He sat in his room and waited for the craving to come.  The craving was good in one way and that was that it removed all the other thoughts from his head.  He now trusted the craving, it seemed to know how to find him blood and keep him safe.  He just let it take over now, which was partially why he had killed the family so early.  It was like the craving knew that keeping them would be more hassle then it was worth.
It felt like soon he was just going to become a total slave to the craving, like the craving was going to become him.  He no longer cared, if he stayed human then he was going to kill himself.  He just couldnt live with what he had done.  The craving removed all those bad feelings and allowed him to live with himself.  When it took over it was like going into a comfortable sleep, almost like death except no fear.  
Then as he sat in the room, embracing the loss of his humanity he heard someone calling his name.  Alice.  She was in the town.  Why?  How? Was she alone, was she here with the cops to bring him in?  Was he hallucinating?  What was going on?
Faintly he heard her call his name.  She was further away.  He would just hide out here until she convinced herself that he was not in the town.  She would go away and hopefully move on, hopefully forgive him and move on.
Then he remembered the poorly hidden bodies.  If she found them then her image of him would be ruined.  Right now she only knew that he had killed one person, she had probably just thought he was sick and was here to bring him peacefully to the hospital.  They all probably thought he had just had a moment of psychosis, but if she found the bodies then what?  She would give up on him, and although he tried not to care, tried to tell himself that he had forsaken the world, he still wanted Alice to think good of him.  Maybe if he went out there, explained himself as best he could, told her to just remember him as he was and never to come back here.  Maybe then he could save himself in her eyes.  He just had to get to her before she stumbled upon the corpses.
It was almost full dark out, he could sense that.  Having been bingeing on blood he felt his body was strong enough to risk going out with the small amount of sunlight that lingered from the day.  It would probably burn a little but he could handle it, he was in a rush to find Alice.  He could hear her voice calling him from the other side of town, the side with the ravine.
He pulled the door open quickly and rushed into the fading light, like jumping into a cold pool it was easier to just dive in.  The burning didnt start immediately, he started running down the alley and when he hit the street was when the small amount of sunlight began to hurt.  It felt like a blazing hot day, only it was cool and there was hardly any sun.  His skin felt like it was getting a horrific sunburn, but he pressed on toward Alice.  He knew it would only get easier as the sun continued its descent toward the horizon.
Running toward the sound of her voice he felt almost happy.  He was feeling joy at the chance of getting to see her again after everything.  He had planned on never getting to see her again and here he was running toward her.  He knew it was not going to be a loving reunion, he knew how she must view him.  He was just glad that he would have a chance to say a proper goodbye.
He was worried about explaining himself, he had no idea how to do it, no idea how to spin what he had done.  How to explain that it was something he had to do to survive, something he regretted.  It was going to be hard because he no longer regretted it, he was foregoing his humanity to this craving and he knew anything he said would be a lie.  It was going to be hard to look her in the eye after having just murdered a family in order to drink their blood.  He didnt care about all that though, right now he just wanted to see her.
He rounded a corner and there she was, down the street with her back to him calling his name.  She was alone, this made Peter even more excited, it meant that she was not here to trick him, was not here playing a game, trying to help capture him.  He called out and began walking toward her with a smile on his face.  A smile he knew she couldnt see in the faded light.
Peter, she gasped and ran toward him.  She stopped just out his reach, scared to come any closer.
Alice, I.  I missed you, was all he could say, not knowing why she was here and what she really knew.
Peter you need to come home, need to get some help, she said.  So now he knew why she was here.  Going back to the world was not an option, he knew that.  He needed to stay here, the town and the craving would protect him.  He needed to stay here and let the craving take him, become one with it and no longer have to worry about his humanity getting in the way.
I cant do that baby, Im sorry, he said.
Peter youre sick and you need help, she pled.
They will just lock me up, put me away forever and you dont know how horrible that will be.  Im sorry, you just cant understand, Peter said.
You need mental help Peter, you killed that nurse, her voice was distraught.
The cravings for blood, you could never understand.  They are stronger than anything Ive ever felt and Im an addict for gods sake.  You dont think Ive fought cravings before.  But theses ones, these ones I cant fight, he said.
Peter you just need help, they will help you fight these cravings, Im sure there is a way.  Peter do it for me, do it because you love me, Alice said.
I do love you, but if you loved me you would understand that there was no way I could ever go back to the real world.  I need blood, you have no idea how much I need blood, Peter said, pleading to be understood.
Do it.  Please.  I could have come with a team of cops and had them arrest you, but I didnt want that, I didnt want this all to end like that, she was crying now.
How did you find me anyway? Peter asked, curious at how she had managed to track him down before the cops had, trying to keep the anger from his voice.
The same way I found you whenever you relapsed and went on a bender, I always knew you would go back to the first place you used, she said.
Then you know that this is an addiction.
I think you think this is an addiction and thats why you need help, she said.
All the feelings, all the human feelings Peter had had at the thought of seeing her were starting to wash away.  He was now finding himself just calculating everything.  If she had told anyone she was coming here?  If she would be back with cops?  He had already figured how she had found him.  That old feeling of love, of total bliss at the thought of her, that feeling had disappeared and all he was worried about was her attempting to bring him in.
There is no help for me Alice, he said.
Please just try at least, she said.
I cant do that, Im sorry.  Please try to remember me, he had meant to say as I was but the craving had hit him hard in the gut, it was hard to speak.
Alice.  Run. He said, before his vision turned white.
When he came around he knew what he was going to see.  Under him, Alice.  Her neck torn open, her face contorted in a death mask of horror.  The craving was gone.
He felt cold.  The craving had taken over because it knew that Alice was going to go back and send in the cops.  It had been protecting him.  Now Alice was dead.  The only thing he still loved in the world.  The reason he had kept moving and not killed himself a long time ago.  The reason he had got clean, the person he had wanted to spend the rest of his life with.  The whole reason for him to live.  Now she was dead by his own hand.
He didnt cry, he couldnt cry.  He just felt empty, felt like nothing mattered anymore.  He sat down beside her and stroked her hair.  The night was young, it was going to be a long wait until dawn.
***
Peter lay in the hospital bed, staring at the ceiling.  There was nothing going through his head.  He stared blankly at the ceiling.  He was just waiting to die, cursing every minute the fact that he had lived through this whole thing.  That he had survived, against all odds.  There was no point in having survived, no reason for it now.  He knew the only reason he had fought so hard was for Alice.  He had been trying to convince himself that she was not really gone, that it was all just imagination.  That the whole thing had been a hallucination and that she was going to walk through those doors and everything would be fine.
He knew that she had been a hallucination though.  He could not deny his memory.  He brain had concocted something in a desperate attempt to survive and now here he was alive and alone.

Dreaming
The end of the day came faster than he had anticipated, the withdrawals from the workplace energy drink were becoming less intense making it a bit more bearable.  The minutes passed a bit slower.  As he shut down his screen and stood up he saw Alice, she was standing as well.  Peter thought this was odd, it seemed a little obvious for her to leave at the same time as him, for her to start interacting with him more.  Made any one who could be watching them a little suspicious.  They had not really interacted before and no one really interacted anymore any way.  Peter was analyzing everything he did now to be as consciously normal as possible.
She met him in the hall, the look on her face when she made brief eye contact told him that something was wrong.  He didnt know what to do though because she walked away and a slight shake of her head told him not to follow.  He wanted to know what was up with her, what was going on.  The only thing he could think of was to meet at the room they had all gathered in, what he was starting to think of as the hideout.  
 He got on a different elevator then she did, still thinking about not raising suspicion.  The had all told him that he was pretty obviously not using the dream machines and that probably meant he already had a lot of people monitoring him.  He could not risk having more suspicion raised against him now especially since he had begun actively resisting.
Peter was pretty sure that Alice had given him that look because he had got John killed.  Wait.  No he hadnt, not here, that was the dream.  Only it felt like it wasnt a dream.  This world was feeling more like a dream, he felt more disconnected to this world where people just drifted around in their own little entertainment universes, dreamed the same dreams and spent years of their lives slaving for scraps.  The fallen world felt more real, he felt connected to people there, felt connected to the earth even though he was constantly encased in a suit, breathing air that always felt stale after being run through the respirator.  But then what was that conglomeration, that massive red thing that took everything into itself?  Why did he feel like it was here stalking him, why did it feel more real here then there?
There was also the connection he was building with Alice, it felt like there was a genuine human connection there, something he had never felt before.  He was divided between two realities.
Peter made his way home, ate a sparse meal of wilted greens that tasted more like slightly bitter water then food.  The meal did serve to put the hunger pangs to rest, if only a little bit.  He decided to make his way to the room.  If no one was there then he would just spend the night looking for a book on the way back, make sure it was not a waste of time.  If Alice was there then he was going to try to figure out what was going on with her and if that look and that little shake of the head meant anything.  He also wanted to see her just to see her.  Hoped to maybe have a little conversation with her, keep up that human connection thing he was still getting used to.
  The way was still not too familiar to him and he made it slowly over to where the grate was.  Getting lost a few times but managing to find his way through the empty parts of the city, using the map they had provided.  After a certain time most areas of the city were ghost towns.  People too tired from work and hunger to go outside, too distracted by the entertainment to be bothered, would stay huddled in their tiny rooms.  The only areas of the city that were busy constantly were the ones where the well off and rich flocked.  With the luxury of not having to actually work they could spend their easy made money shopping for more and more useless things made by their armies of robots to be sold among themselves.  The bright areas of the city that were filled with screens beaming ads directly into peoples minds, competing against each other for money even though if one were to follow the path of ownership they were all owned by essentially the same parent company.  The competition being as manufactured as the goods being sold.
He had brought a light with him to make his way over the junk pit possible.  Falling into that stuff would mean a very nasty death.  Climbing up the ladder to the room he heard someone move, looking up he saw Alices face peak over the entrance with a mixed expression of fear and anger.  
Oh its you, I was worried, she said drawing back to let him enter.
Yeah, I thought you might be here, I saw that look you gave me and was worried that something was up, Peter said.
Yeah somethings up, she said, Tomas and John have disappeared.
What? How? Peter was shocked.  He was getting worried, not of what was happening, but for his sanity.  In his dream Tomas and John had died, and now here they were gone as well.  It was becoming hard to tell what was real.  Which reality was influencing the other?
I dont know, all I know is that I brought you here and a few days later the two of them are gone, she said.
Hey, thats not fair, I had nothing to do with this, Peter said.
How do I know that?  How do I know youre not some secret police or some shit, Alice said.
Youre still here, Peter offered, unable to think of any other way to prove his innocence.  He was worried that he was going to lose her and then to top it all off they would both be carted away by the authorities.  If they were going to go down he wanted them to go down together and on good terms.
What does that prove?  That you saved me for last, she said.
If youre so worried then why did you come here?  Why give me that little signal back at the office? Peter asked.
Because, I still have to trust you, she said, youre all thats left now.
Then why accuse me? Peter asked hurt.
Because Im fucking upset okay, she yelled.
Look, before you came we were secure, then I bring you here and everything crumbles apart.  We had been doing this for years with no issue then you come along and boom, it all falls apart, she said.
Well we can try to get them back, we can go fully underground, we can fight.  I might have been getting followed, I dont know, but I do know that we can make it out of this, Peter said using his new found optimism.  Doing something to fight against the state had given him reason to live.  He might have screwed up in the other world, but he was going to pull it all together here.
There is no way to save them Peter, you have no idea how far the reach of our enemy is, where are we going to go?  Out there, she pointed up out of the dome there is nowhere to run in here.
We can fight, Peter said loosing hope.  He was trying to rally Alice, to make her want to fight, but she had given up.  There was no chance.  It was just like the dream, or the reality, he no longer knew, they were getting too mixed up.    
So then what do we do? he asked when she didnt reply.
I dont know, wait to get caught, go home and sleep and hope that when they come for us in the night they dont hurt us too much, she said.
Thats bullshit, Peter said infuriated at how easily she had just given up. 
I thought this was a revolution you were planning, something to fight against the oppressive system we are stuck in, and when it gets a little hard, when we take a few causalities you just get ready to lay down and die.
Well what do you propose we do then? she asked sarcastically.
We get them back, Peter said, knowing that in all actuality they were probably dead.  He was sure of it because they were dead in the other world too, but what made this one better than that one was that there was the possibility for hope here.  They had something to hope for, there was a distant possibility for change, there was also a distant possibility that John and Tomas were still alive, and that little bit of hope made this world better than the blasted out one he was also living in.
How? Alice asked still not convinced, still ready to just lie down and wait to die.
I dont know, but isnt it better to go out fighting then to just quit? he said.
Fine, lets say that we do somehow find a way to get them, lets say that we find where theyve been taken first then we find a way to get past the armed guards, get their drugged up bodies out and back here what then? she said.
We get them back to normal then start planning a more serious uprising, something where we recruit more people, where we take the dome by force and turn it to the hands of the people, make it sustain itself and work for itself.  Get people to dream again, to connect with their fellow man again, rebuild society, Peter said.
Did you not read the failed uprisings list? Alice asked.
I did, and they were all put down, but at least they tried, and there will always be people who want to change the world.  Even if we dont make a difference maybe the future will look back on us and see that we tried, be inspired by our attempt, even if it fails.
Fuck it.  I guess there is nothing to lose anyway, Alice said.  Not happy with the choice, not really feeling all too inspired, knowing that this whole thing was just going to fail, but not wanting to die on her knees.
Good, so I guess we hide out here for a bit, plan out our attack, Peter said.
Yeah, survive in this tiny room with no food, blankets, beds, water, clothes, that will work well, Alice said.
We cant really stay at our houses, Peter said.
I know, but we can go and gather supplies, come back here and make a little base of operations, Alice said.
What about where the books are stored? Peter asked envisioning a room that might be more comfortable than this one.
Sorry but its too risky to go there.  If we are being followed I dont want to put those at risk.  They will just have to stay hidden and we just have to hope that this works out or at least that it gets found by someone who can make use of it, Alice said.
I guess, Peter said disheartened.  He had really wanted to see the book they had managed to collect.  Had hoped to maybe read some of them, to get a taste of history.
Alright, we should stay together and go to your place then mine and come back here, make a little loop and try to lose anyone who might be following us, Alice said taking charge of the situation now that Peter had given her a reason to keep moving.
Sounds reasonable to me, lets head out, Peter said and they made their careful way down the ladder and across the junk pit.
Peter climbed up toward the dim light of the surface, pulled himself over the lip.  There was a shuffle behind him and everything went dark.

He awoke in a panic, what had just happened?  Then he remembered where he was, it was a dream a little dream of hope to keep him going.  His brain trying to give him reason to keep moving in a world where hope had ceased to exist.  The only problem was that if felt so real, so alive.  A world that he could easily get confused and lost in.  A world he wanted to be real, even with all the problems in it.  When he was in that world this one seemed more real, but when he was here that world seemed more real.  He was losing track of what he wanted to be real and what was actually real.
Alice was sitting on watch, it was still dark.  He knew it was his turn to take watch, wanted to relieve her and let her rest but he also couldnt face her and the wrath she had for him.  He deserved it though and got up to face her and her anger, feeling it was something he could take when he felt that death would be a more apt reward for what he had let happen.
The guy in the tower was nothing, just a guy.  All because he just couldnt let it be, just couldnt be bothered to wake up the others.  Because he had been lazy, now John was dead.  He had also lost Alice, she would never view him the same again.  Their quest for a place to restart the world now felt like it had become a challenge to live as long as possible on a planet that didnt want them anymore.  The earth was done with their species and soon there would be nothing left, life would evolve in its warlike way and all this would be forgotten.
He rose from his bag and the noise made Alice look.  She didnt say anything but rather got up and moved over to where she had set up her sleeping station.  Peter walked to the watch point, where he could see out over the blasted landscape, not even trying to initiate conversation with Alice, he knew it would be a useless gesture.
There was not much to see, the night still holding strong against the light.  Alice had lit a tiny fire of whatever flammable material lay around them.  There were some billowing embers fighting against the cold and the dark.  Peter looked into them, the eternal comfort offered by fire having no effect on him.  It had been fire that had destroyed them, fire that had, through an infinitely long chain, led to this.  Fire for humans out of the caves and into the world.  It had given them the ability to expand and grow, an ability they had squandered on destruction.  The only thing ever mastered by humanity was the ability to destroy itself.  The fact that Peter and Alice still remained might be testament to total annihilation failing, but Peter felt that he and Alice were not going to be around much longer.
If the other world was any indication they were heading down a path that could only end in death.  A path that would align with the same route they were taking in the other reality.  An end that was unavoidable, and Peter didnt even know if that was the real world or a reflection.  If this was real or a dream.  There was almost no point in trying to correct the actions taken, no point in trying to avoid the inevitable.  For all he knew he could be fighting to survive in a dream while his real self was tortured and murdered.
He wondered if he killed himself would he wake up or would he die?  The only way to find out was to take a risk that had a fifty percent chance of killing him and leaving Alice alone.  Or he would end up dying across realities, maybe he was viewing himself in an alternate world.  It no longer made any sense, he felt like he was losing total touch.  Best not to think about it and just let it happen, either way things were not going well in both places.
He stared out into the dark.  Only it wasnt total darkness, not any more.  He noticed that he could make out the shapes of the buildings.  A red glow was illuminating, faintly, the world outside the door.
He ran to wake Alice, the light was faint so that thing had to be far enough for them to make a solid run, to get out of here before it got on top of them like last time.  He shook her awake, she came to with a start.
Alice, its back, we gotta move, he said.
Fuck, alright pack and go, she said jumping up and starting to gather everything.
Peter turned toward the door where he saw that the red light had gotten brighter.  Then from around the corner floated one of those disembodied red skeletons, the tendril from the mass trailing behind it.
No time Alice, he grabbed her and turned her around, now there were three of those things floating toward them.  They didnt have an alternate way out, they had been careless in picking a place to stop.  Too tired and with too much on their mind they hadnt found a place that had a viable second exit.  This meant that they were trapped.
Do you think they know we are here? Alice whispered.
I dont know, they didnt seem to notice us before at the tent, Peter said.
That was when a tentacle darted out from behind one of the skeletons and slammed him on the head.  He dropped and it went dark.

When he came around he was bound and gagged, tied to a chair and locked in a strait jacket.  The room was dimly lit by a red bulb.  There was a man standing in the corner looking at him.
Wheres Alice, what have you done with her, Peter said shaking off the dream.
All in due time Mr. Lawson, the man said.
Fuck due time and fuck you where are my friends, Peter said.
Well you arent really in any position to be making demands now are you, the man said also, I dont know how you can call them friends, you met them only last week.
They were like me, they thought like me, Peter said.
Yes, and that was the problem.  We cant have people thinking and acting like that, cant have people running around causing problems, the man said.
We cant live in a world like this either, Peter said.
The domes are all very well controlled, everything is maintained, everyone is maintained and all for the greater good.  We spent years trying to build a society like this one, a society that could be easily controlled.  We got major populations destroyed in our wars.  We took the rest in for their safety.  Now everyone is regulated and everyone works and we, the ones who have been in power since humans banded together and created society, get to sit back secure.  Humanity was getting a little out of control it just needed a massive tragedy to reign it back in.  We were losing control, but we got it back.  The dreams and the entertainment just make sure that we keep control, the man said.
Who are you, Peter said, knowing that the more he found out the less likely he was making it out of this alive, but now that he was caught he no longer cared he needed to know before he died.
Me.  Im no one really, just the voice of those bigger and better.  I just wanted to let you know why we are doing this to you, why we cant let little revolutionaries like you live.  I represent the rich, the top of the top, the owners of the dome, the owners of the world.  The ones that have everyone convinced that they are free while they slave under foot.
So I guess my friends are already dead, Peter said in resignation knowing that he was probably last on the list.
Well Tomas and John are yes, Alice is awaiting processing, and we are just about to start that with you, the man said.
Just make it quick, Peter said trying to make this death noble, trying to make himself feel like it was worth it, that it was for something.
Not yet Mr. Lawson, the man said.
Why?
Well we cant just kill people, we do have to try to keep our image up a little bit.  No youre going to be drowned in psychotropic medication and sent to one of the asylums where youll float in a haze long enough to be recorded as having been there.  Then youll be injected with a fatal overdose, made to look like an unintended reaction to the medication or suicide I leave that part up to the asylum team, and burned with the rest of the unwanted.  We have to keep everything looking as clean as possible.  In a way you are insane, not wanting the unlimited entertainment, trying to be different.  Its a shame, I always thought it endearing when they let the ones like you run around and dream, he opened the door and left before Peter could say another word.
Then the room filled with men, he felt a needle enter his neck and he was back into the darkness of unconsciousness again. 
 
He came around to the screams of Alice.  The tentacle having knocked him out for a few seconds.  The dream still fresh in his mind, it was all collapsing.  At least in the dream he didnt have to watch Alice die.  She was being pulled out the door by one of the tentacles.  She had managed to grab her rifle and was firing shots into the red writing mass dragging her away.
Peter. Help, she yelled.
He grabbed his gun, slammed a round into the chamber, and opened fire on everything red in the room.  He pressed out the door, Alice was already some distance away, being pulled through the air by her ankle.  She had stopped firing, her gun out of ammunition.  Peter sighted down the scope on the rifle and shot the tentacle, the round went right through.  He started running after her, firing shots at the tentacles that popped up around him.  He knew he only had a few shots left.
He drilled two rounds into the tentacle holding Alices foot, again they did nothing.  He had one shot left, he dropped his aim, through the scope he could almost see Alice nod, he squeezed the trigger and tried not to see her head burst into pink mist.
He fell to the ground, dropping the rifle beside him.  Red tendrils swarming around him, he dropped his head.

He came back out of the haze long enough to see that he was in some sort of common room.  Everything felt foggy, distant, out of reach.  The drugs keeping him unable to move or speak, barely able to breathe.  He tried to stay conscious but the drugs pulled him back under.

He wanted that dream to be real.  He felt the tentacles brushing past him.  He knelt there, tears leaking from his eyes, feeling like he had killed he three best friends, knowing he had killed his three best friends, three of the few sane people left.  He knelt and waited.

***
The bed hurt, his head hurt everything hurt.  The drugs did nothing to numb the pain, only made him feel tired.  He wanted to sort everything out, wanted to figure what he was going to do now.  Not that there was anything to do, he could barely move, hardly think through the pain.  He had stopped pressing the morphine button a few hours ago and it had worn off almost completely.
He didnt want to survive, he was embracing the pain.  He hoped that pain could kill someone.  He had fought so hard to make it through, to keep awake, to not let the darkness of death overtake him, all so that he could be with her and now it was worth nothing.  What was life worth?  He was going to be facing years of physical therapy and the idea of re-starting his life and all alone, without Alice.  
It was not cowardly to stop fighting at this point, to stop trying.  It was merciful, if he was an animal he would have been euthanized on the side of the road and with no family left, with no one left in his life what really made him better than an animal?  He didnt have anything to offer the world, had no reason to offer the world anything.  No family, only a few friends, dead end job, his life had been her and she was gone.
It wouldnt be suicide to just let it all overtake him, to go to sleep and stop the fight.  If he lived then he was meant to live and he would move on and face life alone.  If he died after giving up then he was just accepting fate with grace.  No reason to fear the end when there was nothing keeping him here.  
Peter placed his head back on his pillow, his nerves overloaded with pain.  He dropped the morphine button on his chest and fought the urge to press it.  He closed his eyes and attempted to relax.  Questioning if he had even been truly awake, resigning himself to the end.  There was no audible sound from the heart rate monitor he was connected to but when the nurse rushed in he knew that something was happening.
Pulse dropping, bp down call a code, her voice came through a curtain.  He drifted among red clouds of pain, awaiting whatever would come.  Live or die, it was up to the skill of the doctors and the strength of his body, there would be no more help coming from his mind.  He thought of Alice as he drifted into an unconsciousness that felt comfortable.

Pills

Shit, it had all gone to shit.  There was nothing he could do now, everything was crumbling around him.  The little castle of drugs and alcohol he had built was crumbling down.  The little plan of murder and starting to live the life he had been made for came down with it.  Right now there was one thing he had to focus on and that was not getting caught.
Allie would find out soon enough, everyone would find out.  People were going to learn who he really was, what he really was and he was not ready for that.  He didnt want to go to jail, especially if it was for only one murder.  If he was going to go down it was going to be a proper ending.  He had to take out as many as he could, had to make it all look like his modus operandi.  Had to make some kind of name for himself.
Peter would be damned if he was going to get arrested for murdering one little girl.  Have his history of drug and alcohol abuse exposed in a national trial, be known as some used up drunk who had killed a girl because he was high.  No, if he was going to take a fall it would have to be an historic fall.
He checked the blog again, there was very little information on the investigation.  He searched some news sites and found that what they had on him was minimal at best, nothing that posed a risk of him getting discovered.  There was talk of DNA evidence but Peter knew that there was no chance, the heat of the fire would have destroyed anything like that.  What worried him was the fact that a body had been found, that would mean an actual investigation, that meant that the real cops were getting involved now.  
Nothing pointed to him, nothing he could see anyway.  From what he gleaned across multiple articles all they had was a body confirmed to be hers.  That had him shaken though and he wanted to leave the country, wanted to get out while the getting was good, before the net closed in.  He was known to police here and if anything popped up there, something like a sketch or a witness or something then he was sure a quick connection could be made.  The fact that he had moved away shortly after the murder didnt help.
He needed a plan but right now his still struggling, still freshly sober brain was not working well enough for one to be formulated.  He could always kill Richard and then fly away with Allie, use some excuse like he wanted to start his life anew in a different country (preferably one that didnt have an extradition treaty).  Say something along the lines of escaping his dealers and temptation, something about it being necessary for his sobriety.  It would work, but that was not what he wanted.  He was going to become a killer, was going to satisfy the urges, was going to kill, and this whole investigation was putting a damper on that dream.  Moving away would never really solve anything, if it was discovered that he had committed the murders Allie would leave him and there was probably no country on earth that wouldnt kick him out.  At least no country he wanted to live in.
Peter was going to have to face the music, just hope that nothing got found and go about his plan.  Kill Richard, and kill more people and then if and when he got caught he would have something more than just a single murder under his belt.  He would be a legitimate serial killer.  The only problem was that now he had a timeframe to work against.  He was racing against the cops who were most likely digging up old evidence and finding new evidence.  If he was going to go down looking good he was going to have to rush his plan.  No waiting a few weeks to off Richard, it would have to be in a few days.
The drug test was on Monday and he felt confident enough in his withdrawal to go to work.  He had also been sober for a few days and hoped that nothing would show on the test.  Peter also knew that because what he was taking was prescription he would most likely be able to talk his way out of anything that did show up.  Just say that he had some Oxys left over and took them on the weekend because he hurt his back.  Going to work would help make him look normal, and right now he needed to do everything he could to maintain appearances.
Peeing into a cup at work was stressful but Monday evening he went home feeling like he had accomplished something on the way to getting everything back on the right track.  Richard was there too and only helped to solidify the fact that Peter wanted to kill him.  He had acted like he had them all in a trap, Peter resolved to make tomorrow night Richards last night on earth.  He didnt care that it would be rushed, he didnt care that it would most likely get him caught sooner, he needed to kill.
The news didnt do anything to make him feel more relaxed.  There was a story on the national news about Clarissa and the hunt to find her.  He watched attentively, Allie half asleep beside him resting her head on his shoulder.  
They interviewed a cop and he said something that chilled Peter, which made Peter cringe and want to run.  They had a solid lead on a suspect.  Those words sent Peters heart racing, what evidence did he leave?  He went over every detail of that day.  The only things he could think of were the few witnesses, that old lady.  Nothing physical, no evidence that would tie him to the murder.  He might be a suspect but he doubted they had anything that could make a murder charge stick to him.  Being a suspect was bad enough though, it would make everything else much more difficult, it would be a lot harder to get things done when he was being watched by everyone.
Richard might be his last kill for a while, and even if it was his last kill ever and he got caught at least it would make him look like something a bit better than a child killer.  Richard might also get him caught, he might not even be the suspect in the Clarissa case, he might be rushing for nothing and throwing his life away, but he didnt care.  He had to make sure that his legacy was not one of a child killer and the media would probably twist that into something sick and sexual.
It looked like a sleepless night for him tonight, he would be up all night planning tomorrow.  It would be easy enough, the part that bothered him was that he had no time to follow Richard, to learn his patterns, to know when it was best to strike.  He would just have to wait until he went to sleep, break into the house and kill him in bed.  His wife would have to die as well.  Then he would burn the bed with their bodies in it, hopefully burn down a part of the house and there would be little chance for any evidence to be left.  
The nitty gritty details would have to be gone over but that was the basic of it.
Im going to bed, Allie woke him from his thoughts.
Okay, Ill be up in a bit, just have to do some last minute stuff for work tomorrow, Peter said.
Okay, dont be up too late, Allie said half asleep as she shuffled upstairs.
Peter grabbed a pad of paper and a pen and began planning the whole thing out.  He was not a fan of the method he had planned but it was the only one that would work on such short notice.  It was just annoying because it didnt leave him any time to savor the kills.  It would be a rush in, stab them both, dump gas on their bodies and light them up.  Rush out of the house and then home, clean the knife in bleach and put the clothes he had worn aside to be burnt later.  The knife would be put in with camping stuff, making it look as innocuous as possible, the clothes stored in a box that he would take to the woods on the weekend under the guise of going fishing.  He just needed a reason to be gone for the night.  Allie wouldnt trust him, freshly sober, to be going to hang out with friends.  
Peter thought for a bit, writing down the few supplies he would need.  Getting into the house would be tough too, he still had to figure that out.  He would tell Allie he was going to an AA meeting, it made for a pretty solid alibi.  Now he only had one more detail to figure and he was good.  It might not be a sleepless night after all, this killing was working out better than he had thought.
He just needed to figure how to get into the house.  He didnt know how to pick a lock and doubted he could learn over night, he didnt want to kick in the door because that would attract too much attention and it would also wake up Richard and his wife making them harder targets.  He would have to chase them, fight them, deal with them calling the cops, screaming, neighbors calling the cops, it was just too much.  Peter only wished he had time to follow Richard, to learn about his place, find the weak spots for entry.  But there was no time, he would have to figure it out now, or risk figuring it out when he got there.
It was getting late and he was still not feeling a hundred percent better, there was still that hint of withdrawal keeping him down, making him feel foggy and tired.  If tomorrow was going to be the night though he had to solve this problem even though he needed to sleep.  Being well rested for tomorrow would also be necessary, tiredness led to mistakes being made.  Kicking in the door seemed like the best option, but he decided to do a quick google search on easy ways to pick locks.
After scrolling through a few results that made lock picking seem like a complicated science he arrived at an article on something called a bump key.  It was a key that when filed down correctly and used in conjunction with some basic lock picking techniques could open a door in a matter of seconds.  It would still make some noise but not enough to wake Richard or his wife.
Peter now had a project that would take a bit of the night but he figured if he went in a little late tomorrow he would be fine, it was not like Richard was going to be working there much longer.
He went downstairs and put one of his old keys into a vise with the grooves of the key facing up.  The page on how to make a bump key open on his laptop he began filing the key into the right shape.  All the hills and valleys of the key had to be a certain level, with the hills being a uniform height and the valleys one degree lower than the hills.  It took him a while to get perfect but after an hour he felt that he had it.
According to the web page he had to insert the key into a lock, pull it out one click, apply pressure to turn it and then with a quick tap from a small hammer slam it back into the lock.  The force of the tap would bounce all the tumblers in the lock up and they would stay up due to the turning pressure he held on the key.
There was only one way to find out if this would work and he had the perfect little experiment set up.  Peter grabbed a small hammer and went out the front door locking it behind him.  He was really tired and hoped that this would work so that he could sleep.  If the noise woke Allie then he would know it was too loud and if it didnt work then hed have to go back to the drawing board.  He really hoped it would work because he wanted to sleep and he knew he wouldnt be able to until this little problem was solved.
He inserted the key and pulled it back one click.  He pressed it in the direct the lock would turn, aligned the hammer and hit home.  The key did nothing, didnt turn in the door, he had hit it too softly.  He aligned everything again for another try and this time hit the key a bit harder still nothing.  Peter was losing hope in his little method, he had thought it seemed too good to be true.  He had probably filed the key wrong, he needed to get it professionally cut in this pattern and he knew no key cutter would be dumb enough to cut a bump key.
Feeling a little discouraged he tried again, this time taking the key out and fully resetting the whole operation.  He pulled the hammer back and hit it home.  He had been expecting nothing but the key turned in the lock, he twisted it further around and opened the door.  It had worked, he listened for sound of Allie moving around, any sign that he had awoken her with his hammering at the door.  It had felt like it would be loud when he was doing it, but he heard nothing.  She was still sleeping, his bump key had worked.
Now all he had to do was gather up supplies tomorrow night and get out of the house.  He knew there were late night AA meetings, Allie would be secure in thinking he was sitting in a meeting somewhere and he would have time to do what he needed to do.
He took out a pair of gloves, a ski mask, black long sleeve shirt, black pants and put them all under the basement couch along the with bump key and hammer.  He also put the knife under there as well as a pack of matches and lighter.  He liked having two ways to start a fire, matches allowed for him to throw and light from a distance and a lighter gave him a second option in case the matches didnt work.  He would buy the gas on the way home from work tomorrow.
He went up to bed and after brushing his teeth got in next to Allie who said something incomprehensible in her sleep.  He was asleep as soon as his head hit the pillow, comfortable in the knowledge that everything was going to go perfectly tomorrow.  He was sure of it, fully confident in his ability to pull this off.
His alarm waking him the next morning didnt elicit the normal feeling of dread, he actually awoke happy to face the day knowing that at the end of it he had a nice little reward.  He was feeling secure in the knowledge that he was going to make a reasonable legacy for himself tonight.  He was also getting more confident in not getting caught doing this, the more he thought about it the more he realized that he was going to be leaving very little evidence behind.  Because it was going to be so quick there would be very little opportunity for mistakes to be made.  There was also no real motive to tie him to the murder, from the outside it looked like Richard was someone Peter should be in debt to, he had really helped Peter out when he was deep in addiction and people could see that.  They were also on decent terms, and didnt really interact that much so pinning him as a suspect would be difficult.  The only way it could be tied to him would be that fact that by setting the bodies on fire it vaguely resembled the Clarissa murder and that was a stretch.  He had also not been contacted for questioning so that was making him think that the suspect they claimed to have was someone else.  Things were starting to look up.
He would get this quick and dirty kill out of the way, lay low for a bit and see if there was any chance of the cops getting on his trail.  If it looked like he had pulled it off clean and nothing came out of the whole Clarissa fiasco then he would be able to start killing regularly, actually getting a chance to savor the kills.
Eating breakfast in the kitchen he decided to tell Allie about the meeting sooner to make it look more planned, less suspicious.
I think I need a little help after all, he said.
With what? she asked not registering what he was getting at.
With the drinking and all that, I think Im going to try AA, Peter said.
Oh, do you want me to come? she asked.
No, no I think it will be better for me to go alone, Ill be able to open up more, Peter said.
Okay, Im glad that you can admit when you need a little help, Allie said with a smile.
Problem is the meetings at nine and its kind of a distance away, all the close ones were in churches and stuff and that made me kind of uncomfortable, too much of a religious attachment, Peter said.
Thats okay, as long as youre going to one that you feel comfortable in I can stay up late waiting for you to come home and tell me all about it, she said.
Well dont stay up too long, Peter didnt have much of an idea on how late he was going to be out, he was going to have to wait for Richard to go to bed before he made his move, he should have made the meeting for 10 not nine.
Where is it? she asked.
He told her.  There was actually an AA meeting there, they ran them late into the night it was in a rough part of town.
Well be safe and thanks for going, she said.
You dont have to thank me, Im getting sober for myself, Im doing this myself, Peter said knowing that he did get sober for selfish reasons.  Only in a sober state of mind would he risk committing a murder.
They finished their breakfast making small talk about work and the day that lay ahead.  Peter was more pre-occupied with the planning for the night ahead.  He still had to buy a jug of gas and gather his supplies.
The rest of the morning was spent in a hurry getting ready for work.  Peter having things to buy and prep for the night knew he was going to be late so he didnt rush too much.  He spent the rest of the morning buying stuff for the night ahead, not that he needed much but he still took his time.  It had that same feeling of Christmas shopping.
He had already called in saying he was going to be late so there was no rush.  He sat in his car in the gas station parking lot, writing up his plan, it was simple but he still looked for potential problem areas.  The most obvious was the door, he hoped that Richard had a simple lock or else his bump key was worthless, more complex locks were built to thwart such simple picking tricks.  After the door, if the tapping on the key didnt wake anyone up, came moving to the bedroom.  Richard didnt have a dog as far as Peter knew but there could be cats, birds, or some other animal that would make noise at his arrival.  He would have to be ready for that.  There was also moving through the house silently, he had some practice with that but knew he was not very good at it.  He had to get into the bedroom silently, hope that both of them were fully asleep, which would be hard to tell from outside, and kill Richard with one blow so that there was as little struggle as possible.  The wife had to be silenced before she could alert anyone, it would have to be a quick stab for Richard and then a quick stab for his wife.  That part would be the trickiest, but he liked a little challenge, the kill was feeling a little too easy.
Then he would soak the mattress in gas, light it up and run the hell out of there.  No evidence left behind.  On his feet he was going to wear a few layers of socks instead of shoes because that left no tread pattern and was much quieter.  The only chance he had of leaving evidence was if he dropped anything or if someone saw him running from the scene.  Both those would be things that would occur out of his control so he would just have to worry about it if and when it happened.  Other than that everything was in his control, everything was in place and the night looked like it was shaping up to go perfectly.
He drove to work and got to his desk only an hour late.  He was eager to get this day over with, excited for the night that lay ahead.  He used to be excited when he had planned a night of binge drinking, now it was that he had a beautiful night of killing.  A night of making something of a name for himself.  So of course the day dragged on.
By lunch he was ready to pull his hair out he was so frustrated at how slow the hours were moving.  There was something that kept the day interesting though and that was that someone had failed the drug test.  A guy named Sam in a different department, the gossip spread quickly through the office.  Peter found that a little amusing, he had been expecting to get fired but instead it was a quit guy from the mailroom for smoking some pot.
Near the end of the day as he was packing up Richard walked by his desk, something in the way he looked at Peter, the way he didnt make eye contact, made Peter furious.  He thought of how it was going to feel, the knife sliding into Richards chest.  He had never stabbed someone before but he could imagine what it was going to be like.  Peter hung back, not wanting to get on the same elevator as Richard, not wanting to take the risk of attacking him.  Ever since he had decided to kill him Peter had been finding himself hating Richard more and more.  Now, before he was going to commit the murder, he felt that if he got too close to Richard he would snap and not be able to control himself.
There was no rush to leave anyway, he already had everything he needed, now the whole night would be time killing until it was nice and dark.  So he sat back down at his desk and did a little more work.  Seeing Richard leave before him had calmed him down a little, he didnt feel as anxious knowing that now the plan was in motion.  With Richard on his way home every minute that passed was a minute closer to his death and Peter was realizing this now.  Seeing Richard leave had made the whole thing real, buying supplies didnt do it, now it felt like it had moved from the realm of fantasy to reality.  
Peter got home with time enough to take a shower, being sure to scrub himself with pumice stones until he was almost raw.  He wanted to eliminate the chance of shedding skin and leaving DNA.  He was going to be fully clothed, everything hopefully trapped inside, but he didnt want to take any risks.  Allie was waiting for him when he got out.
So youre going to that meeting tonight? she asked.
Yep, ten oclock, Peter said.
Okay, I was just wondering because I was going to go out with the girls, she said.
Thats fine, when do you think youll be home, Peter said trying to hide his excitement.  With Allie out of the house that meant everything would be a lot easier, he wouldnt have to sneak around getting ready before and hiding everything after.
Not too late, it is a Monday, probably midnight, she said.
Okay, you leaving now? Peter said noticing that she was still dressed.  Normally she would change into sweat pants when she got home from work.
In a little, she said.
Okay, Im gonna eat, Ive got to leave a little early, its kind of a drive, Peter said wanting to make sure he was covered in case she was home before him.
Yeah, Ill join you.
They had a quick dinner and Allie left right after seeming to be in a hurry.  Peter felt like he could breathe again once the door closed behind her.  The whole time it felt like he had to be putting on an act.  Trying to seem normal and not letting the excitement he felt show through.  He still had a few hours until he had to leave.  With Allie gone he could leave later and spend less time sitting and waiting outside Richards house.  He still wanted to give himself time to do a quick check of the place, determine which bedroom was his from the outside.  He would have to get there before the lights went out to do that.
Sitting and waiting to leave the anticipation was becoming too much.  He felt like a kid waiting for Santa, looking at the clock and wondering why it was moving so slow.  He got dressed and prepped all his stuff just to be able to do something to pass the time.
The day turned to night, it was still early but he left anyway.  This would give him plenty of time to stake out the house, determine where the bedroom was, maybe see if there was a dog, get a full recon.  He could only hope that Richard wasnt the blackout blinds type of person, that there would be open windows to observe through and make a mental map of the house.
He parked at a twenty-four hour grocery store a ten minute walk away.  Parking near the front of the store in the most crowded part of the lot so that his car wouldnt stand out.  There were surveillance cameras but as long as he wasnt a suspect there would be no reason to check them.  He had his change of clothes in a backpack, he was wearing old dirty jeans and a dirty shirt with big heavy boots.  He wanted to look like a contractor or landscaper or something that wouldnt make the fact that he was walking down the street with a gas can look too out of place.
It was late enough, dark enough and cold enough for the streets to be empty.  The roads were pretty empty too, it being a Monday night people were probably at home nursing the mental exhaustion of a hard day at work.  Peter made his way down the increasingly deserted streets.  As he got further into the winding suburbia fewer and fewer people were out.  It was like white people living in gated communities were scared of the dark.  Even though the most dangerous thing walking these streets at night was maybe a raccoon fed off their garbage.  
He had planned on this though, he knew that there would be no one out and about and it made this whole thing a lot less stressful.  Disguised as he was, the fewer people that saw his face the better.  He came upon the house, Richards house, with his cheap modern Mustang out front and his wifes grocery runner Honda.  Peter did a quick sweep of the street, making sure it was empty, then he found the best cover he could behind a neighbors hedge and quickly got changed.  It was dark enough that even if someone had been walking by on the other side of the hedge Peter would be invisible to them, he was still nervous though and when he got the ski mask on he felt a wave of relief wash over him.  With his face covered he felt a lot safer.
The disguise clothes stuffed safely away in his backpack he made his way out of the bushes with the gas can in hand.  It was the only thing that didnt blend with the background of darkness he was using to hide.  He could almost feel the sharp red and yellow glowing in the night.  The street was still empty and as fast as he could he got behind the house and hunkered down in a far corner of the back yard.  The house was older and had a few nice trees in the back, a nice garden and even a few decorative large boulders.  Plenty of things to hide out of view from the main floor, but if a back light turned on and someone upstairs was looking out into the yard he would be almost perfectly visible unless he happened to be in the shadow of one of the rocks.  
He was more worried about neighbors then Richards line of view.  Neighbors got a better angle, and him being out of the direct line of sight for Richard put him into a better line of sight for those living next door.  He was just going to have to hope that no one flicked on a light, or that no one spent too much time examining their neighbors back yard. 
There were a few lights on in the house but he could see nothing through the few open windows.  The bedrooms were both covered windows.  He could see the faint blue glow of a television in one of the bedrooms, the one that he assumed was the master.  The other rooms were probably just offices or storage as Richard had no kids.  Peter really didnt care why there were no children he was just happy that he didnt have another variable to deal with.
He had brought binoculars but there was no need for them.  They wouldnt have helped with the closed blinds and besides, due to the angle he was on all they would have given him looking up into the bedroom was a good close up of the roof, maybe the top of someones head.
So Peter lay there and waited, trying to map the house out in his mind from the small view of it he was getting from the open bay window.  There were no signs of dogs in the backyard, but that could just mean that they walked their dog and didnt let it use the yard.  He didnt see any sign of any pet inside the house though so he hoped that was one less thing to worry about.  He almost wished he had brought a book or something because there was really nothing to do and it was only nine.  He would probably have to wait until midnight before he attempted to get into the house.  It was a good thing that Allie was going out because he wouldnt have to spend time explaining why he was coming home so late.
Peter wanted to scope the house out more but was too scared of being spotted by someone out on an evening walk or a neighbor coming out for a smoke.  He was also scared of motion activated lights which were very common in the suburbs, even he had one.  He wanted a better view of the house, the size of it from the outside, any potential windows that would give him a better view, that kind of thing.  
Peter decided that it was just safer to wait it out and get inside the house as quietly as possible and then find his way around as needed.  They would be asleep so he would have plenty of time once he was inside.  An idea popped into Peters head, what if he waited until the downstairs lights went off and then broke in, his entry covered by the noise of them getting ready for bed.  He would then hideout somewhere inside the house and wait for them to sleep.  It would make the one thing he was worried about a lot easier to handle.  The sound of him tapping at the door covered by the noise of televisions and running water.
He decided to do that, it also gave him a little of a voyeuristic thrill, made this kill a lot more interesting.  He would be waiting in the house for them to sleep before he struck.  The creepy nature of that made it all a lot more enjoyable.  There was a little bit of a challenge to it as well, breaking into someones house while they were still awake.
Peters only worry now was if they had an alarm or not.  If they did he hoped it was not armed, and if it was armed he would just close and lock the door as quickly as he could then make it to a suitable hiding spot before they came downstairs to investigate.  With there being only two of them he would have time to hide as they would both probably be busy getting ready for bed.  When they came down and saw the door still locked and no sign of entry they would probably just turn the alarm off and think that it was broken or something.  That was the best he could hope for.  He didnt like how rushed this kill was and all the little things that could go wrong but there was really no time to plan it out methodically.  The fact that they would both still be awake would also make them think the alarm was broken, because who breaks into a house while the occupants are home and awake.  Peter knew he was justifying the risk of the whole operation but he had no other choice.
Peter was getting cold, the ground was a little damp and he hoped that he wasnt leaving an impression on it that would be too obvious.  The black clothes he was wearing were not doing much to keep him warm and he was beginning to shiver, he was getting antsy for whoever was on the main floor to go up to the bedroom.  Getting inside the house would also give him the benefit of not being hypothermic when he went to break in and kill them.
Finally the blue glow of the television on the main floor went out.  He saw a person move in front of the window, shut off the light and head toward where Peter guessed the staircase was.  Peter forced himself to wait ten more minutes to make sure the person didnt come back downstairs.  He saw shadows moving against the light that had turned on in the upstairs bedroom.  He watched them to make sure they were still busy then he got up, grabbed the gas can and placed it by the back door.  He would grab it after they were dead, there would be time when they were dead.  No worry about getting caught, as long as he got them before either one had a chance to scream or call someone.
He moved to the front door and checked around the street lit by an orange glow of streetlight.  There was no one, the cold night keeping people inside.  By the faint light near the front door he inserted the bump key, pulled it back, turned it and hammered it forward.  The noise was unbearably loud in the empty night.  The lock didnt turn.  Peter froze.  Listening for any noise from within, doors opening, questions being asked, anything.  All he heard through the door was the faint noise of the television.  There was no noise on the street.  He decided to try again, hitting it a little harder and if it didnt work he would abort the whole thing.  He was getting nervous just sitting here, hammering on their front door.  
He did the operation again, pulling the hammer back and slamming it home.  This time the key turned, but the noise was enough to make Peter want to run off into the night.  Instead, as quickly as he could he swung the door open, stepped inside on his sock covered feet, closed the door behind him as silently as he could, locked the dead bolt and almost sprinted to the darkened living room.
Trying not to breathe he hugged the wall, listening for any noise.  There had been no alarm so maybe things were looking up.  Upstairs he heard the muffled answer to a question.
Hear what? came Richards voice.
Nothing, I just thought I heard a crash, came the voice that Peter assumed was his wife.
Well I didnt hear it, Richard said.
Peter didnt catch the rest of the conversation, but he didnt hear footsteps on the floor so he assumed that his wife had decided there was no noise after all.  Peter relaxed a little and realized he was clutching the knife holstered on his belt, he let it go.
Waiting for a bit in the living room he realized that he could move freely around the main floor and the basement as long as he listened out for the noise from above.  He only had to hide if he heard someone moving around up there.  It gave him a feeling of power, moving around the house as comfortably as if it were his own.  Richard unaware that the man who was going to kill him was sitting on his couch just downstairs.
Peter heard them up above him, the low bass of a mans voice the faint sound of a television with the volume too high.  He sat on the couch, listening to the noise of life above him.  What a pitiful life it was, husband and wife, wasting away at night watching television.  He was never able to do that, nights after work he always felt the need to be doing something interesting.  Of course that had mostly meant doing drugs and drinking and watching television.  Before he was a user though, he tried to make his nights count not like most people he knew who spent their night either dealing with children or wasting away in front of the television.
Richard and his wife watched separate shows, her downstairs and him upstairs, and then when she went up they watched the same thing.  It was almost like he wasnt killing a person.  It wasnt like Richard and his wife were really living, they seemed like they were just waiting patiently to retire and die.  
The clock on the cable box told Peter that he still had a pretty good wait until they went to sleep, unless they slept abnormally early.  He decided to explore a little, check out the house from the inside, see what his boss lived in.  Already he could tell that it was a nicer house then his, although Peter didnt like to compare, knowing that most people his age didnt even own condos let alone full houses.  Most were not as lucky as he was.
The main floor was large, with a dining room set up all nice, ready for guests at the drop of a hat.  The kitchen made Peter a little jealous.  Peter always loved to cook, he had been planning on getting back into it know that he was sober and the risk of burning the house down after passing out with the stove on was significantly lower.  Richards kitchen was spacious with massive counters and a six burner stove.  There were rows and rows of cupboards and a large panty for dried food storage.  The stainless steel fridge gleaned in the sliver of light shooting in from a streetlamp.  Peter whished that he could somehow move here after the murders.
.  The fact that he was going to be burning the place down after the killing made him happy though.  If he couldnt have it then no one could.
Peter looked out the back door window and saw that his gas can was still there.  He debated opening the door to grab it but didnt want to press his luck.  Opening and closing doors always had the potential to be loud.
Instead, Peter ventured down to the basement, after listening to make sure that his victims were still safely in the bedroom.  He had heard nothing to indicate otherwise, but wanted to make sure.  He tentatively tried the first step, bracing for even the slightest hint of a noise as his weight transferred to the wood.  There was nothing.  He was walking down the outer edge of the steps, avoiding the middle, knowing that the way stairs were built walking down the side of the step put his weight directly over top the support and didnt give the nails holding the step in place opportunity to move and squeal.
The basement was unfinished, mostly storage and a lonely treadmill with a few scattered weights in the corner.  The unfinished nature of the basement meant that no one would bother coming down here in the middle of the night and Peter relaxed a little more.  He would wait out most of the time down here.
Peter sat down on the cold floor, it was silent down here, the furnace was off.  It was weird for a place in a house to be totally silent, there was usually some kind of noise if one really listened, but down here there was nothing.  Peter leaned against a wall and tried to enjoy the quiet.  He became distinctly aware of his body, it was still not recovered from all he had run it through when he was using.  He could feel that weariness just below his excited surface, a tiredness that went to the bone.  There was still a faint whisper of weakness from the withdrawal, and there was still a craving to use.  As much as he wanted to think that the killing was going to replace his habit there would always be that secret want, that desire to use, lingering below.  The drugs were with him to stay, using or not he was an addict.  But killing was his rehab, killing was what would keep him sober.
That thought made Peter think of the end game.  He knew he was rushing this kill because the net was closing in on him.  If he was wrong about that then he was taking a risk for nothing.  
Or was he being paranoid, part of the withdrawal, worrying about everything when there was nothing out there that proved even a remote risk to him getting arrested.  He didnt know any more, he really was having trouble mentally when he thought about it.  That was why he didnt like to sit still and think, the more he thought the more the instability of his mental state started to get to him.  Not like it really mattered, he was going to do this.  Only maybe, after it was done, he wouldnt have to skip town.  Maybe his worries about the Clarissa investigation were unfounded, and this whole kill was actually so simple that the chance of leaving evidence was small.  Even the fact that he was wandering the house wouldnt work against him.  Most of the evidence would be burnt in the fire and all the clothes he was wearing now would be disposed of.  There would be nothing to tie him to the murder, he just had to make sure he got rid of the knife too.
Peter checked his watch, time was going faster now the he was comfortably inside.  Getting into the house had been his major worry and with that out of the way he could feel the kill close enough to relax him.  There was no nervous excitement, it was now like something he was savoring, and this waiting in the house was part of the whole delicious experience.
Peter decided to move back upstairs.  It was late and he figured that they had to be getting close to sleeping now.  After making his way slowly up to the main floor he stood in the silent house listening for any sound of life coming from up above him.  Any sign that Richard or his wife was still awake.  He heard nothing.  The television was off and the house was perfectly still all around him.
The click of the furnace turning on almost made him shout out in terror it was so startling.  His heart was racing and his hand was on the knife.  He realized that his nerves were strung tight, he was ready to get this done, to feel the knife slide into Richard and to feel him die.  He was ready to get out of here and bask in the fact that he had taken two more lives.  To contemplate more killings, to plan one out where he could take his time.  Tie the person up, beat them, set them alight while they were still breathing, watch the flame consume their life.  Even the thought of that brought giddy excitement.
Peter forced himself to wait another half hour just to be a hundred percent sure that they were asleep above him.  Then he made his way quietly upstairs, sticking to the edge of each step.  The sound of his clothing moving on his body was unbearable, every little noise he made sounded like a sneeze in an empty cathedral.
He reached the top of the stairs and made his way to the bedroom.  Based on what he had seen outside he could orient himself toward where he thought it was.  He had taken the knife out of its sheath and was holding it at the ready in case he encountered one of them still awake.  The bedroom door was open, no need to close it at night when you were safe and alone in your own house.
Peter felt like he was gliding across the carpet, hovering above the floor, silent like a draft moving through the house.  His eyes had adjusted to the lack of light perfectly and he could see two bodies, motionless and asleep in the bed.  The window blinds were open a little and the light filtering in through them was enough to see what he was doing.  He moved toward the bottom of the bed and saw Richard laying on his back fast asleep and snoring slightly.  It would be almost too easy.  His wife was sleeping on her side and that would make it a little harder but this whole thing was turning out to be a total walk in the park.  It almost didnt feel right, it felt too quick and easy.  It would be nice though, he was going to enjoy it as much as he could.  The fact that he knew Richard made it a little more enjoyable.
Peter stood beside the bed, he could hear his breathing in the silence.  Richards mouth was open and he was inhaling slowly, deeply asleep.  Peter moved quickly, jumping on the mattress as he plunged the knife into Richards chest, having to use both arms and his body weight to force it through Richards sternum.  He wanted to hit the heart right away, making it quick so he could kill the wife before things got too messy.  He hadnt anticipated the resistance that would be cause by the bone though and he had to force with all his strength, putting his weight behind the knife to crack through into the beating heart below.  
Richard had opened his eyes wide but the suddenness of this attack had not given him time to even begin to move or make a noise.  Despite it feeling like it was taking too long things were actually moving quickly.  There was a loud crack as the knife broke through the rib cage, Peter felt it reverberate through the handle, he thought he could also feel the knife sliding rapidly into the heart, causing Richard to stop struggling before he had even had a chance to start.
With the blade sunk to the hilt in Richards chest, Richards face and head slumped back, he looked dead, Peter knew that the fire would make sure of that.  He then looked over toward the wife who was making a move toward him, starting to scream, lifting her head as her sleep startled brain began to figure out what was going on.
With the knife still in Richards chest Peter swung his fist and smashed it into the side of her face.  Still weak from withdrawal the blow was not enough to knock her out, but it did startle her enough to arrest the scream that had been starting.  He followed the one hit with a flurry of others.  It was awkward to hit her while he was straddling Richards corpse, but the springy nature of the mattress and the scattering of blankets and pillows was making it too awkward to move and he didnt want to chance her making noise and alerting people to what was going on.
He hit her until she stopped moving, it took longer than normal because with her head against the mattress it was absorbing a lot of the force of the blow making each hit less effective than if her head had been against something hard.
With the wife finally still, her face bloody and swollen, Peter got off the bed and tried to pull the knife from Richards chest.  It was stuck, wedged in the bone.  Peter pulled with two hands grabbing the handle.  It was like trying to remove a sword from a stone.  With a mighty effort, the force of the pull lifting the body a little, the knife came free.  There was a little spurt of blood, some residual pressure in the arteries.  The fact that more blood wasnt spurting out was confirmation that Richard was dead.
He could still see his wife breathing, even though it was shallow.  He had wanted to stab her too, he had not anticipated the knife being so hard to remove.  His plan had been to quickly stab Richard, pull the knife and turn it on her before she had a chance to react.  He didnt like the fact that he had to hit her so many times.  His fists were bruised, there was no scratching or other damage, the gloves had stopped that, but still there was some physical evidence on his person that he had attacked someone.  If he got taken in for questioning, even if it was for something unrelated to this like the drugs or Clarissa, there would be suspicion aroused because of his hands.
He still felt good though.  He paused for a bit to catch his breath.  Surveying the murder scene he had just created.  There was some euphoria, that familiar feeling of happiness that he got after swallowing a few pills or downing the first shot of a long night of drinking.  It didnt feel complete though, with the wife still alive things could get even better.  Instead of finishing her off he would let the flames take her, he would try to watch as long as he could.  It would be a wonderful and unexpected end that would make this killing perfect.
He ran downstairs, not wanting to move slow in case she regained consciousness.  He knew that when people lost consciousness due to a blow to the head more times than not they were only out for a few minutes.
At the back door he grabbed his gas can and ran back upstairs.  She was moving more and her breathing was becoming more steady and full.  He had to work quickly or else he would have to stab her with the bloody knife that he had placed back in its sheath.  He dumped the large can of gas on their bodies and tossed the empty plastic jug into the middle of the bed.  He made sure to pour an ample amount of the gas onto her face to make the fire more effective, killing her quicker.  The last thing he needed was for her to come awake after he set her ablaze and go running around the house.
Peter made sure he was clear of the gas and lit four matches at once.  The large flame came to life and he let it catch the wood of the matches then tossed them along with the entire box of remaining unlit matches onto the gas.  It went up immediately in a beautiful orange blaze.  Spreading across the bed and the bodies faster than Peter had anticipated.
He saw Richards wife squirm as the flame engulfed her head, then she was still.  The fire would have choked off her oxygen supply before the heat had a chance to kill her.  Peter knew how it worked.  He tried to watch as long as he could but the flame was spreading quickly.  In modern houses with all the artificial products made from plastics and other petrochemicals they were basically tinder boxes.  Especially the ones that were old enough for all the flame retardant materials and chemicals to have worn off.
Peter ran out of the back door, making sure that he closed it behind him.  He knew that it wasnt much, it would still seem to be an entry point to any investigating person, but he didnt have time to try and find a key to go out the front door and lock it behind him.  The back also afforded him more cover, the fewer people that saw him running from the scene the better.
He sprinted and as gracefully as his untrained body could manage he hopped into the neighbors yard, not really thinking about lighting or witnesses or anything like that.  The growing flame behind him spurred him forward, the further he was from that when attention got drawn to it the better.  He wanted to look back and admire his work but the urge to get out of the area was too strong.  He would always regret not looking back.
Hopping three more fences he decided to slow down, partly because he was getting sloppy and taking too much risk and partly because his body could not handle the level of exercise and exertion it was taking to keep going at that speed.
Peter walked up the side of a house and returned to the street where he maintained a walking pace as best he could.  He stopped and took off the backpack he had grabbed on the way out.  There was nowhere to change, nothing to really hide behind, so as quick as he could and in the most shadow he could find he stripped and put the bloody, black clothes with the murder weapon into the bag to all be burned and buried later.  It was cold and that spurred him to change faster. 
With the jeans and sweater back on he felt much less conspicuous and was able to walk slowly back to the car.  The backpack went in the trunk, he would take it out to the woods this weekend, there was no time now.  He didnt like sitting on evidence like that but there was no real other way to do it.  During the week there would not be enough time to get to a secluded enough place, he needed a full day to do it.  
The parking lot was a lot emptier then it had been before, Peter had lost track of the time.  The radio clock in the car told him that it was just past midnight, this was an unexpected little gift.  It had felt much later and he had been all ready with excuses for Alice when he got home, but he was probably going to be home before her now, which gave him a good alibi and would make everything go over a lot smoother with her.
Driving home he let himself relax in the feeling of euphoria at finally killing again.  He felt like he had been denying himself something and now it was truly back.  He felt amazing.  The fact that he had pulled it off on such short notice and all with Alice living with him made it even better.  His life was back on track, he was not even worried about getting caught.  It was so quick and so perfect that there was little chance for evidence to have been left behind.  Sure there was the gas can, the matches and the gas itself.  There was always some evidence, but nothing big enough to tie him to the murder.  He was even feeling better about the Clarissa case.  The fact that he had not been mentioned or called or contacted in any way regarding it confirmed for him that he was not the suspect they had in mind.
The drive home was perfect and he enjoyed every second of it until he pulled onto his street and saw that Alices car was in the driveway.  She must have come home early.  It ruined Peters little bout of happiness, but he tried not to let it bring him down.  He would just tell her that he had gone for coffee with some people from the meeting, mention something about looking for a sponsor and it would all go over smoothly.
When he stepped into the house she was standing by the door fully dressed, a suitcase packed by her side.  The fake smile he had been wearing vanished.
Whats going on? he asked.
I followed you, she said.  
His stomach dropped to the floor.  How had he not noticed?  It wasnt like he had been looking out for her, he hadnt watched to see if he had been followed, that would have been stupid, there was no reason for anyone to follow him.  When he went over that night in his head though he recalled a car driving past him every few minutes.  He had been too focused on the kill to pay much attention, had just assumed it was a different car, normal traffic, now he realized that it was actually her.
Why? he asked.  There was no need to ask what she had seen, the packed suitcase was indication enough.
I thought you were lying about the meeting, thought you were going to go buy some more stuff and, she couldnt finish her sentence.  Instead she just grabbed her bag and made to leave.  He got in her way.
Ive already called the cops, she said.
Tell me what you saw, Peter knew what was going to have to happen now, had known from the minute he walked in the door but that last sentence had confirmed it for him.
Why?  What the hell are you? she screamed.
Im a fucking killer Alice, he yelled slamming his fist into her unsuspecting face.
The blow reverberated up his arm, it felt like he had broken his hand.  It didnt matter anymore, there was no hiding this.  Things had moved beyond his control.  There was no way to keep up a normal faade when your drug of choice was death.
Alice dropped to the ground, her face consumed by a fountain of blood spurting from her now shattered nose.  Peter fell on her.  She didnt have a chance to scream before his hands were around her neck.
She clawed, she hit she kicked, she fought with all she had, but Peter had nothing to lose.  She got a few good blows in, despite being taken by surprise.  By the time she stopped moving it felt like she had managed to take out one of his eyes and he was pretty sure he had a ruptured a testicle.  It didnt matter, the pain was distant, it didnt feel like he was in his own body.
There were sirens in the distance.  Nothing really mattered, it was all done.  At least he had changed his legacy a little.  He wouldnt go out as a child killer.  He stumbled to the garage, his vision a blur of red.
There was a can of gas for the lawn mower in the corner.  It was nearly full he always liked to be prepared.  He brought it inside, bringing a lighter with him.
He doused Alice with the gas.  There was a feeling of sadness at looking at her body, at looking at what he had done.  Everything he had worked for, a person he had cared about dead.  He had killed her.  This fact hit him harder than anything he had felt his whole life.  He had killed her.
It was her fault though.  Why had se followed him?  Why had she made him do this?  Why did she call the cops?  While he had been choking her it felt like someone else had been doing it, but now he was coming back to himself.  Now he saw what he had done and knew that life was nothing.  That it was all over for him.
The large jug was still half full.  He upended it over the top of his head.  It was surprisingly cold.  He didnt know why he had thought it would be warmer.  The smell of it was almost enough to overwhelm him.  He fought through, not wanting to lose consciousness now.  He threw the can down and sat beside Alice.
Im sorry, he held the lighter.
***

Peter inhaled against the pain of his damaged ribs.

Peter opened fire, knowing that the bullets would do nothing, hoping that getting hit from one of those alien weapons would be painless.

Peter saw the sun rise and felt the abnormal heat on his skin.

Peter took off his respirator breathing deep, wanting it to end quick, hoping the gasses would just kill him.

Peter felt the prick of a needle staring at the sterile white ceiling, hoping that maybe he would dream before it all ended.

Peter flicked the lighter and embraced the warmth.

Peter exhaled releasing all the pain.

And he faced,
The end.
###
To Maxene,
Thank you for all your help through the dark times

Dear Reader,
Thank you for reading my ramblings.  I hope you enjoyed yourself and please feel free to leave a review at your favorite retailer. If you enjoyed this keep your eyes open for my next work.
Coming August 2014
The Children of the Earth
In an unwinnable war humanity is forced to make an impossible decision.  Turn its children into monsters, or face annihilation.

About the Author;
Craig is a part time writer from Toronto A graduate of the University of Toronto Book and Media studies program he has always had a profound love of the written word. An avid outdoors person his dream is to one day build a cabin in the mountains and waste away the days writing and hiking.  
