


The Drellic Saga
Books One, Two and Three

Copyright  2013 Michael John Marlinski
	






All Rights Reserved
Copyright 2013 by Michael John Marlinski
No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system without permission in writing from the author.
Printed in the United States of America
First Printing




INTRODUCTION

Drellic Kail, died on Earth, one million years ago. It must not have seemed possible, to those who witnessed the event. I, myself, have a hard time imagining the almighty tyrant, shriveling up like a prune and just withering away; but that is the way of the universe. The unexpected happens more often than the expected. And frankly, I would not have it any other way.
I dont know what first inspired me to write this story. Perhaps, it was the great legend, passed down from our ancestral homes. Perhaps, it was the recurring dream from my youth, in which Aia would visit my subconscious; tormenting my curiosity, to no end. I will never know for sure.
I am no one special. I am simply a messenger, for a calling I cannot explain. Something is compelling me to tell the story of the man, who almost single-handedly annihilated mankind. So, as I sit down in this interstellar diner, watching the many faces of the galaxy come and go, I find myself hearing his voice for the first time, as if I had unleashed him from his prison, myself; on the rim of the our home system, so long ago. 
There is so much more to tell, than I am capable of telling. But, this will have to do. Because when the story of Drellic Kail is involved, what the hell is truth, anyway?
The Narrator
The Spiral Times




















The Wicked Descend
Book One of, The Drellic Saga
Copyright 2013 Michael John Marlinski
ISBN: 9781301359981










Prologue

Modern science and history both tell us that human beings are the descendants of great apes that lived on earth a few million years ago. Since then, we've inherited opposable thumbs and the gift of reason. Our humble beginnings, consisted of the discovery of fire, the invention of the wheel and the first written and spoken words. Disturbingly, none of this is true. 
It may hold true for other naturally evolved sentient races that live amongst the stars, but it does not hold true for mankind, as we know it today. The story of the birth of mankind, if it can even be called that, is a much more wondrous and insightful tale about the true origins of all life on our home-world. 
Roughly twenty billion years ago, massive, radically advanced spaceships, belonging to a far superior race, from the farthest reaches of the universe, entered a region of space, which would later become modern mans first solar system. 
To this day, the aliens true name, true physical appearance, true origins and true motives, remain a mystery. All that is known is that they were here and that they were the Architects of the original Earth and all life that lived upon it. 
The same can be said for Mars, which was eons ago, a beautiful world, much like Earth that was rich with countless forms of life; another testament to the Architects infinite wisdom and incredible technology. 
At the beginning of their great experiment, the Architects altered the composition of a lonely main sequence star, in order to ensure that it could never harm or destroy the planetary bodies that would soon surround it. 
They concocted breathable atmospheres for both Earth and Mars, positioned both worlds at a safe distance from the sun, and then allowed the two planets to begin natural, elliptical orbital paths around their newborn star. 
The first human beings, along with various forms of wild animal and plant life, were then introduced to the new worlds, at around the same time. All life on the two worlds was genetically engineered in order to ensure conception. 
But upon the Architects eventual departure, the various species on the original Earth and original Mars, were allowed to evolve at their own natural rates. 

In the aftermath, these incredible experiments, led to the rise of two great human civilizations; but not before the two worlds were repeatedly ravaged by senseless wars; world wars that eventually became interplanetary feuds, resulting in mass destruction; once the two worlds of man came into contact with one another.
Yet, buried in the ashes of the two smoldering planets, was a mutual desire for survival, through coexistence.  The people then subsequently lived in an era of peace and prosperity that lasted millions of years.
It was this miracle of long lasting unconditional love, spanning both Earth and Mars that inspired the Architects to one day return to their many creations. 
They returned to the two worlds, five billion years later, and introduced themselves to all of humanity as parents, as well as guardians of the universe. They marveled at the incredible cities, monuments, diverse cultures, various religions and armada of spacecraft that their children had created. 
But it was that very expression of astonishment and pride, which ironically led to the unraveling of everything that the Architects had worked so hard to achieve with mankind. 

There was once a well- known and respected public servant named, Drellic Kail, who lived in the city of Siren; the capital of the original Earth. The planet Earth was also referred to as Siren by its people, during this time period. While Mars, Sirens brother world, was formerly known as Tyrran. 
Much to their dismay and disbelief, Drellic rejected the Architects and conceived the notion that they were unwelcome, would-be dictators, who were trying to claim responsibility for the accomplishments of mankind and steal all that they had. 
His beliefs inspired an entire generation of his people, including citizens of Tyrran, to lead a revolt against the Architects, who had dozens of gargantuan, organic spaceships, hovering over the chaotic cities of the two worlds. 
The ensuing revolt was laughable, because no weapon of man could even remotely challenge the most primitive of Architect defenses. However, this did not discourage Drellic from staying on the offensive. He believed that as long as the Architects underestimated him, the odds would always be in his favor. 
One day, the Architect Flagship, a massive heavily armed cruiser, the length of ten football fields, arrived over the streets of Siren City, as a warning to the people. 
Knowing that the efforts of a single man on foot were not likely to be noticed, Drellic found his way on board the massive vessel. It was an act of bravery and selflessness that would ultimately secure undying loyalty from all those he felt he had enlightened. 
Once aboard, Drellic eluded the yet unseen creatures on board, long enough to discover a strange laboratory; a laboratory containing hundreds of tiny glass vials. 
Each vial contained a glowing white liquid that seemed to call out to him and have a consciousness of its own. As he sensed the aliens closing in around him, he gave in to temptation and removed one of the vials from its holster. 
There was an instant reaction. The chemical had an adhesive property that bonded to Drellics skin and weaved its way through his nervous system, forming a symbiotic relationship with his brain. The intense bonding experience, subsequently gave Drellic superhuman strength and speed. 
Upon realizing the potential of these new gifts, in a violent rage, he savagely ripped the ship apart piece by piece. Both his anger and ego, propelled him through the dark corridors and chambers of the craft, at an incredible velocity. 
He continued destroying everything in his path, until he had finally eliminated enough vital systems to send the supposedly indestructible Architect Flagship, spinning out of control and crashing into the city below. Thousands were killed, but those who survived, continued to fight for and worship Drellic for many years to come. 
Before escaping from the ship and jumping down to the streets below, landing unscathed, Drellic had recovered a massive supply of the biological material that had given him his remarkable abilities. He then proceeded to share the mysterious element with any who would swear allegiance to him. 
It wasn't long afterwards that Drellic and his followers discovered that the material not only guaranteed incredible strength and speed, but immortality as well. 
Faced with an immortal, superhuman army, driven by senseless bloodlust that would live and die by Drellics command, the Architects found themselves in an impossible situation. They were forced to make a terrible decision, knowing that their precious experimental compound had fallen into human hands, and had suddenly evened the odds in the dispute. 
Fearing that Drellic and his people would stretch their vengeful hands further out into the universe and one day threaten their superiority, the Architects bombarded the surfaces of both Siren and Tyrran with powerful energy weapons, and also dissolved the atmospheres of both planets. 
Upon being exposed to the vacuum of space, none survived; none except Drellic, the first to be exposed to the compound. He miraculously survived and was discovered days later aboard an Architect vessel, not realizing that Siren and Tyrran had both been completely destroyed and that all of humanity had been wiped out of existence. 
Upon discovering him, the Architects saw that he had at least been weakened by exposure to open space and took advantage of the situation. They were uncertain as to how to reverse the effects of the compound that had given Drellic his extraordinary powers and resilience, as it was part of a brand new experiment, merely in its testing phase. 
Despite the Architects best efforts to remove the compound from Drellics body, every attempt proved to be ineffective. In the end, Drellic was taken to the edge of the solar system, after being encased within the core of a massive ice world; formed by the Architects, as a makeshift prison. 
Assuming Drellic would eventually wither away and die as the other humans had, the Architects left that region of space, never to return. 

Over the next ten billion years, a devastating celestial event, known as The Great Storm, ravaged the known universe and forced a violent realignment of galaxies, in order to make way for an innumerable amount of newborn celestial bodies. 
Modern human scientists misinterpreted this storm, as the conception of the universe and dubbed it, The Big Bang. 
In the aftermath of the storm, Drellic's icy prison eventually fell prey to its environment and broke up into several smaller, yet still gargantuan pieces. In all that time, miraculously, the earth managed to re- evolve into something very similar to its former state. Whether it was because of left over bits and pieces of Architect genetic framework, the divine intervention of a higher power, or simply chance, mankind was conceived and had evolved yet again, into almost the exact same form they had taken during the age of Siren and Tyrran. Only, no life had reappeared on the surface of Mars; no indigenous life, anyway. 
Modern man then waged war after war, and bickered over natural resources like spoiled children, just as their ancestors had done in the past. But to this day, our destiny remains unclear. We are part of a new rendition of mankind, the origins of which can be pinpointed, while an explanation for our miraculous rebirth, cannot. 
Presently, Drellic's prison is known as Charon, the largest moon of Pluto. Even after eons in black, there was still some life left in him, as he continued to sleep amongst the stars. 
More importantly, the hand of man, finally reaching out into the universe once again, during the early 21st century, came dangerously close to Charon, resulting in the Drellic War. 
Something stirring in the dark had peeked man's interest. If only they had followed in the Architects' footsteps and left well enough alone. After billions of years of imprisonment and pent up rage, Drellic lived to prove that he would stop at nothing to reclaim the world he was forced to leave behind. 


PART ONE: EONS IN BLACK

Chapter One

Callum Hammond was born on July 27th, 1998. He had dreamt of going into space since he was old enough to comprehend the world around him. He joined the United States Navy in 2016, on his eighteenth birthday. 
By the summer of 2020, he had become one of the top naval aviators in his company. By this time, the military was beginning to launch several new combat plane prototypes. Callum was selected for test runs for almost every one of them. 
A sleek new fighter jet called the F-20 King Cobra had quickly become his favorite. During its time, it was the fastest and most evasive aircraft in the world and for the first three months of its existence, Callum was the only pilot in the world, qualified to fly it. His incredible skill and unconventional style in the cockpit was what first drew the attention of Darkside. 
Darkside was a top secret government organization that was responsible for black ops missions in space. By 2025, a collaborative effort between the United States and Japan, had already launched several probes to the outer rim of the solar system, to investigate strange radio signals coming from Pluto.
In the beginning, the transmissions were mostly comprised of static. But after further analysis, a faint human sounding voice was discovered, buried beneath the white noise, and the governments of both nations erupted with mass confusion and insatiable curiosity. 
Days later, a brand new, deep space shuttle that had yet to be named, was seized from NASA, by Darkside. The ship had already been tested and had successfully made a round trip to Jupiter and back, without the knowledge of the general public. However, deep space telescopes had recently revealed that since the transmissions from Pluto were first detected, the orbiting satellite moons of Pluto were becoming unstable and breaking apart. 
Charon, the largest of Plutos moons, was behaving far more erratically than the other masses and was later determined to be the true source of the radio signals. Something incredible was happening in that region of space and it would take a very special pilot, to lead a team there, for a manned investigation, if such an investigation were to be attempted. 
Callum Hammond was summoned by Darkside almost immediately. He accepted the mission without hesitation. It was an incredibly dangerous and unpredictable assignment in space and he simply couldnt resist. His first opportunity to leave the earths atmosphere would carry him to the edge of the solar system. 
Months of training in simulators and short range flights in the actual deep space shuttle would follow. Since its first actual mission would be taking it to Pluto, Darkside decided that Hades would be an appropriate name for the craft. 
Once Callum had gone above and beyond the standards for being a space ready pilot, it was time to select the flight crew that would be joining him on his journey to Charon. 

It was a month before the scheduled launch of the Hades mission. The date was January 14th, 2027. Callum Hammond was standing on a balcony at the Darkside Space Center, just outside Tokyo, Japan, overlooking the launch site of the Hades spacecraft. 
The ship didnt stand upright like the space shuttles of the late 20th and early 21st century. It sat perfectly horizontal on its landing gear, at the beginning of a long metallic runway. The body was sleek and deceivingly small. The 16 boosters beneath the tail, were also small but devastatingly powerful, when ignited simultaneously. 
Callum did his best to appear calm and collective, but was actually boiling over with anxiety. He was wearing his blue flight suit, which he rarely took off, and carefully lit up a cigar, while blocking the wind. 
He took a long puff, then exhaled slowly. It was ritualistic for him. 
I thought you were saving that, came a voice from behind him. 
He turned around and pushed his long dark hair from his brow. Then, once clearing the air of smoke, he could see Richard Morioka approaching him.
Richard was a Japanese engineer from Tokyo, who had been assigned to the Hades mission, as the lead science officer. He and Callum had become fast friends in the few months they had been stationed together at Darkside.
Callum smiled and shook Richard's hand, after taking another puff of his cigar. 
"It's never too early to start celebrating," Callum said. "I've been waiting for this my whole life." 
Richard chuckled and asked, "How was your lap around the moon?" 
"Max threw up the whole way over the dark side. It was his first time going up," Callum replied with a smirk. 
"Are you serious?" asked Richard. 
"I am," said Callum. "You haven't lived until you've seen vomit in zero gravity." 
Callum and Richard both laughed at that thought and then turned their attention back to the gleaming hull of Hades. A look of worry then came over Richard's face, as he cautiously turned to Callum. 
"You know she got accepted right?" he asked Callum. 
There was a long awkward pause. 
Callum stared off into the distance then responded with, "Yeah, I know."
He was saddened for only a brief moment, before smiling and looking Richard in the eye with his signature hint of arrogance. 
"But you know me," Callum said. "No one is going to stop me from enjoying every last second I'm out there; not even her." 
Richard faked a smile and looked down and away, as Callum struggled to laugh away his worries. It wasn't going to be that simple and Richard knew that all too well. 
The woman Richard was referring to was Simone West. She and Callum had met in Langley, Virginia, in the year 2020. Callum was only scheduled to be in Langley for a brief time, before being shipped out to an air craft carrier, for his first of many flight ops. 
Simone was interning at the CIA and despite being constantly separated by life, she and Callum ended up dating for nearly six years. But their relationship came to an abrupt end, when she mysteriously vanished from Callum's apartment one night and then proceeded to ignore any and all of his attempts to contact her.
Even Callum's attempts to contact her family and friends had failed. Her apartment and her parents' home were suddenly vacant. Every contact number and email address he had for anyone, who had ever had contact with her, had become invalid. It was as if she never existed. 
Six months passed by, before Callum finally gave up. He was summoned by Darkside to take part in the Hades mission not long after that, and Simone had become a distant memory. 
Then, on the day of his initial mission briefing for Hades, they passed each other in a hallway. As they drew closer to one another, he could make out her unmistakable long flowing red hair, light freckles and bright green eyes. Her presence took his breath away and he could feel himself beginning to panic. 
He was being led into the briefing room by his superiors, while she was being accompanied by an armed escort, for some reason. When they made eye contact, it was as if time had stopped. They came to a halt and stared deeply into each others eyes without saying a single word to one another. No words could have adequately described what they were feeling anyway. 
Simone's armed escort instructed her to move along, as did the officers who were escorting Callum to the briefing room. They then went their separate ways. 
Callum spent the next few weeks pretending that it had been a dream. However, once Simone's name appeared on the Hades flight crew manifest, his world was shattered all over again. He longed for answers and knew that he finally had an opportunity to acquire them. That realization was the only thing keeping him balanced. He also knew that he couldn't allow his personal feelings to conflict with the mission.
His dreams of space flight were finally about to become a reality, and he wasn't about to allow his need for closure with Simone to jeopardize that. Richard then patted Callum on the back. 
"We better get back inside," Richard said. "We have a meeting about the propulsion system in ten." 
"I know," Callum said, as he continued to puff on his cigar. "I'm going to finish this up and I'll be right in." 
"You got it," Richard said, just before walking away. 
Callum finished his cigar and scraped it against the railing of the balcony, extinguishing it. He then flicked it into the trees below and gazed out at the setting sun. 
"Why the hell are you here?" he asked himself; referring to Simone. 
He gave the beautiful ship one last look, before heading back into the compound. The lights on the runway, then began to light up one by one, as the sun continued to set into the horizon. 
Unbeknownst to Callum, Simone was standing alongside the ship and had been watching him the entire time. A tear streamed down her face, as she put her hand on the hull of the ship. 
"So, you're going to make it all worth it?" she asked, staring intently at the seemingly, flawless metal body of Hades. "I really hope so," she added. 
She then looked up at the balcony, where Callum had just been standing and whispered, Im sorry.

Chapter Two

It had been roughly 15 billion years, since Drellic was first imprisoned at the core of the Architects ice world. Violent celestial events shattered the massive structure a few centuries after his incarceration and reignited a spark of life within Drellics mutilated body. 
The Architects mysterious super element that still coursed through Drellics veins, was once again becoming self- aware. It spent countless years forming an airtight chamber beneath the surface of Charon, where Drellic was seemingly destined to spend his remaining years. 
Eventually, it extracted vital elements from the water ice in the region to form a breathable atmosphere, and then used its own heat-based energy to increase the temperature of the prison, all to suit Drellics biological needs and ensure its own survival as well. 
Once this process was completed, roughly one thousand years before the arrival of the Hades spacecraft, Drellic had finally regained enough strength to open his eyes and stand upright. His minds eye was projecting a jumble of events and emotions which he could not yet even attempt to understand. 
Finally, after nearly a century of mental instability, Drellic was able to sort through the various memories of his past and establish a definitive timeline in his mind. It wasnt very long after that, that he remembered everything. He had finally taken control of the super element and formed a symbiosis with it. 
The Architects had two names for the compound that was responsible for Drellics supernatural abilities. It was referred to as both Starblood, as well as The Blood of Aia. 
Aia was known as the Master Architect. According to The Architects historical records, she was the first of their kind and was rumored to be the only sentient star in the known universe; a being comprised a pure energy that could take on any desired organic form, at will. 
She then, according to legend, abandoned her people after they had first conceived the notion of creating and depositing life forms throughout the galaxy. She was apparently offended by the idea of the universe being overrun with genetically engineered species and planets, but by her own law, could not overturn a majority vote.
During the creation of the human race, the Architects were experimenting with genetic material from one of Aias organic forms and used it to create Starblood. The goal was to fast track the evolution of the Architects, who were limited to an unknown physical organic form. 
They wanted to pass beyond their physical bonds and become one with the universe; and in doing so created monsters amongst the human race, who wouldve seen the Architects destroyed, if they were not destroyed first. 
Drellic had become completely aware of his situation and had regained full use of the Starblood within him. However, he knew he would never survive another encounter with the vacuum of space and remained in his sanctuary on Charon. 
As his body required no nourishment of any kind, he spent centuries reliving his past over and over again, in his mind. He dwelled on his hatred for the aliens that had shattered his world and his longing to be reunited with his people. He also had no concept of how much time had actually passed since he was first imprisoned. 
Drellic stood roughly eight feet tall; a common height for humans on the original Earth. He was bald, muscular and his skin was much paler than that of the average modern Caucasian. 
After countless years, his clothing had all but deteriorated, but his sanctuary would remain as warm or as cool as he willed it to be. After regaining total consciousness, he would live for one thousand years in total solitude, before the arrival of the Hades spacecraft. 
He spent nearly all of that time, living in the past. The Blood of Aia allowed him to project memories so vivid, he could almost smell the air and taste the food from his beloved city of Siren. He would revisit his wife, Moya, from time to time and live out an entire lifetime with her and the family they never had. 
He would imagine it all, right up until the point of her death and the death of their children and grandchildren; then start it all over again. 
It was that constant reminder of having never really obtained his deepest desires that made him all the more bitter and dangerous. 

Centuries of self-induced lucid dreams had passed, and it was merely a month before the arrival of Hades and its unsuspecting crew. Drellic was lying flat on his back and appeared to be in a deep sleep, but was actually reliving within a non- fabricated memory of his life in Siren. 
He was standing alone at the base of a massive stone pillar. There was a tall stone staircase behind him. He turned to see his beloved Moya descending the staircase. She was being escorted by two armed soldiers and her hands were bound by chains; her long dark hair, nearly covering the tears that streamed down her face. 
When she reached the bottom, she looked upon her husband with an expression of anger and disgust. 
I wont let you do it, she angrily exclaimed in the ancient human language. 
You dont have a choice, Drellic replied, with a look of utter disappointment. 
The people will listen to me, she cried. They have to listen. Dont you see? Youve gone mad; and all of your people are going to suffer and die for your madness. 
Drellic began to cry, but he choked back his tears and struggled to remain strong and confident. 
I love you with all my heart, he sobbed. But I have to do this; just like I have to do this to you. 
But you dont... she pleaded through her panicky breaths. 
Yes, I do! he screamed in her face. What I do now, I do for our people! 
He then instructed the guards to take Moya away. Moya was then led up a short flight of metal steps and held in place by the guards, in the center of a large metal platform. 
The platform was surrounded by thousands of citizens, and the events taking place were being broadcast on large monitors, throughout the city around her. 
As the sun set behind her, she glared angrily at the people and shouted, The Architects have come in peace! They will not harm us! My husband, your leader, has gone insane! Hes gone mad and if you attack them, if you provoke war, we will all die! Dont you understand?! 
The people closest to the platform, began screaming obscenities at Moya. Drellic then ascended the staircase and stood in front of his wife on the platform. 
The crowd cheered and chanted his name. 
While continuing to hold back his sobs he cried out, They have already declared war upon us! This is how we survive! This is the only way we take back our worlds! 
The masses cheered for Drellic and demanded that Moya be adequately punished for committing treason. Drellic then turned and looked down in order to hide his agony from his loyal subjects. He then turned his attention to Moya and was handed a pistol by one of the guards. 
The crowd grew silent as he pointed the weapon at his wife. 
Please dont... she cried fearfully. 
He paused for a moment, then pointed the pistol at Moyas face and pressed it firmly against her forehead. 
She shook with fear and whispered I loved you. 
And I you... he whispered back. He then charged the weapon and said, For my people, then pulled the trigger. 
The energy pulse from the pistol passed through her skull and her body fell lifelessly to the metal platform. At that point, he could no longer hide his tears from the spectators. 
As he wept, he slowly left the platform and retreated into the shadows of the large stone building at the other end of the walkway. 
Within his sanctuary on Charon, Drellic opened his eyes and quickly sat up. He then let out a blood curdling scream, at the top of his lungs. His cries echoed throughout the chamber, as he fell silent and turned his attention to the chambers ceiling. 
He used the Starblood to project his voice beyond the confines of his prison and out into space. In the ancient human language he said, I am still here. Come for me. I am waiting.
It was a message intended for the Architects. However, unbeknownst to him, the Starblood was transmitting his words all the way back to Modern Earth, in the form of a radio broadcast and had been doing so for some time.


Chapter Three

It was February 12th, 2027. Callum Hammond was entering a briefing room at Darkside, for what would be his final briefing before the launch of Hades. 
He cautiously looked around the dimly lit room, knowing that Simone would be there. Eventually, he spotted her, sitting at the back of the center row of seats. 
Once they made eye contact, Simone quickly looked away and turned her attention to a stack of papers on the desk in front of her. Callum then kept his sights on her, as he slowly made his way to the back of the room. 
Front and center, Hammond, said Alexander Mandrake; the director of Darkside. 
He was an older gentleman of Spanish descent, with years of military experience behind him. He was a bitter man, who had become numb to the world and rarely showed anything that even resembled patience. 
Callum turned to see Mandrake pointing at a seat in the front of the room. Unfortunately for Callum, Darkside was all too aware of his history with Simone. So, their reunion would have to wait. 
Callum quickly and obediently sat in his designated seat. Mandrake then handed Callum a portfolio, and as Callum began to flip through it, he saw pages of jumbled text, accompanied by various frequency numbers. 
What the hell is this nonsense? he asked Mandrake. 
Youll find out once we get started, answered Mandrake. Were still waiting on a few more people. 
Max OBrien, Sophia Bronson and Jack Sanders, then entered the room. Richard Morioka was already seated in the middle of the room, when Callum had first entered. 
Callum gave the three of them a respectful nod, as they took their seats. Richard then smiled, as he made eye contact with Max. 
Hows it going, Max? Feeling any better? Richard playfully asked him. 
Max rolled his eyes and replied, Dont start. 
Callum started to chuckle, as Mandrake was already looking annoyed. 
He turned to Max and said, Max, just so you know, were packing extra waste bags for this trip so nobody has to swim through your vomit. 
Everyone in the room laughed. Everyone except Max. Max was a pudgy, pale Caucasian of average height with short dark hair, who blushed easily and was only shy, until the people around him stopped talking. 
Alright, thats enough! Stow it! Mandrake shouted. 
The room instantly fell silent. Mandrake then walked to a projector at the front of the room and turned it on. A crisp holographic image of Charon had appeared in front of the group. 
Mandrake used a laser pointer to draw everyones attention to a specific spot on the moons surface. 
This is the hot spot, Mandrake began. 
The image then zoomed in on a cracked area of solid rock, which resembled a fault line of some kind. 
The damage to the surface that youre seeing happened recently, he continued. Our deep space probes sent us images of this sector, five days ago; and five days ago, this entire area was a smooth solid slab of rock. Some significant seismic activity is going on here. 
He paused for a moment, then gave the group a long and sincere look. 
This is also where Hades is going to be landing, Mandrake added.
There was a light commotion, before Mandrake motioned for everyone to remain silent. 
As inconvenient as that may be Mandrake continued. this extremely unstable region of Charon happens to be the source of the transmissions, weve been intercepting. 
Are you thinking theyre somehow related? asked Richard. 
Thats just one of many questions that Hades is going to answer, answered Mandrake. 
Sir, forgive me, but wouldnt it be more logical to send in another probe; closer to the surface this time to find out the exact condition of the area? Max fearfully asked. 
The probes dont do us any good, because the area has been constantly changing and will most likely continue to do so during your trip out there, Mandrake answered. 
Then why are we even attempting this? asked Max. 
Jack and Sophia, who were seated directly behind Max, then started snickering to one another. 
We havent even gone up yet and hes already shitting his pants, Sophia whispered to Jack. 
I said thats enough of the attitude! Mandrake scolded. 
The room fell silent again, as Max rolled his eyes and loudly exhaled with frustration. Mandrake then turned his attention to Callum who had been giving Mandrake a very cold stare for the last minute. 
Something on your mind, Hammond? Mandrake asked. 
Callum hesitated for a moment, then answered. 
Well, sir, it just seems to me that thered only be one reason to not send in more probes before a manned mission, he began. Youve found something new havent you? he asked, insinuatingly. 
Thats correct, Mandrake began, acquiring the groups complete attention. At first we thought the transmissions were coming from some kind of alien artifact that had crashed into Charon, but now were thinking its something completely different; as well as far more confusing, he continued. 
Mandrake then turned his attention to Simone, who was still seated quietly in the back of the room. 
Ms. West, I think you can take it from here, Mandrake ordered.  
Callum and the others turned to face Simone, as she made her way to the front of the room. Aside from Callum and Mandrake, this was the crews first time meeting her.
For those of you who do not know me, she began. My name is Simone West. I am a specialist from the Central Intelligence Agency. 
A specialist? Callum asked, condescendingly. What exactly do you specialize in? 
Simone gave him a stern look and then quickly answered, I actually cant tell you that. 
Big surprise, Callum quietly mumbled to himself. 
Simone then turned her attention to the entire group. 
All I can tell you is that I specialize in these kinds of situations, she continued. Now, can everyone please turn to page three of their portfolios? 
The group opened their portfolios to an entire page of jumbled and seemingly random text. Looks of confusion came over the group. 
What youre looking at may appear to be nonsense, Simone began. But it isnt. Youre looking at a rough interpretation of a language being spoken in the transmissions from Charon. 
Sophias eyes lit up. You heard a voice? she asked eagerly. Like the voice of an alien? 
No, not an aliens voice, Mandrake interrupted. 
Simone quickly glanced over at Mandrake and then turned back to the group. 
No. As incredible and improbable as it sounds, the voice on the recordings is coming from adult male human vocal chords, Simone added. 
Silence fell over the room. 
Thats right, people, said Mandrake. There is somehow, at this very moment, a human being living on Charon. 
So wait a minute Callum began. Are you telling us this a rescue mission? 
Simone looked over at Mandrake, seemingly for his approval. Mandrake then nodded to her, and she obediently turned her attention back to Callum. 
Yes, it is, she hesitantly answered.
An uproar ensued. The crew bantered back and forth about the impossibility of the presence of a human being on Charon. However, the evidence was conclusive and Callum and the others were forced to accept the unfathomable scenario laid before them. 
Each member of the crew, then proceeded to bombard Mandrake and Simone with questions. In response, Mandrake quickly and authoritatively silenced the group, yet again. 
I dont have any new information to give you, other than what youve already received, he announced. We dont know how he couldve gotten out there. We dont know how hes been able to survive and send these transmissions, or how hes even sending them. We dont know if he is alone, or if there are other survivors present in his company. At this time, we are proceeding under the assumption that an unsanctioned spacecraft was launched at an unknown time and from an unknown location; and that said spacecraft has crash landed on Charon and is currently acting as a lifeboat for at least one survivor. 
The bewildered crew remained silent and attentive throughout Mandrakes closing statements. 
The Hades mission is as simple, as it is dangerous; very, said Mandrake. The environment is ever changing and extremely hostile. Its going to take you eight months to get there and upon arrival your reflexes are going to have to be beyond top notch. 
He then fixated his eyes on Callum, as did Simone. His expression grew cold and his words came with absolute sincerity, along with a hint of worry. His darkest emotions were pouring out of him, for the first time in decades. 
He then leaned in close, met Callum at eye level and said, You may have pulled some slick shit in your days behind the stick, Hammond. You may have excelled in the simulators. But I promise you, son. During the final hours of your flight out, while youre struggling to land on that rock and five other people are right there with you, depending on your every decision, youre going to feel like youve never flown a plane before in your life. At that moment Hammond, you will know fear.
Mandrake then backed away from Callum and rejoined Simone at the front of the room. He whispered something in her ear and then gave the entire group another stern look. 
We launch in two days, people, he announced. I suggest you take the next 48 hours to clear your heads and get some rest. 
The crew had become enraptured by Mandrakes words to Callum and the haunting sense that they may have all signed up for a one way trip. 
Theres no turning back nowDismissed, said Mandrake. 
The crew left the room single file, leaving Mandrake and Simone, alone with their thoughts. Simone couldnt help but stare Callum down, as he was the last to leave the room. 
Callums gaze never left hers, until he passed by. In the end, Callum had only one thought. He knew that no matter what obstacles were waiting for them, he was going to get everyone there and back safely. He also wasnt going to let Mandrakes psychological tactics dampen his excitement. If anything, he was more fearful of spending the next eight months in close proximity with Simone, than he was the trip to Charon.
On February 14th, 2027, Hades was successfully launched from the Darkside facility. Callum Hammond, Simone West, Richard Morioka, Jack Sanders, Sophia Bronson and Max OBrien were on their way to discovering the truth behind the voice from Charon. 
It was to be a sixteen month round trip that would ultimately become the catalyst for a very dark period in human history.  

Chapter Four

Eight months had passed since Hades departure from Earth. The date was October 15th, 2027. 6 puffy orange sleeping bags had been attached to the wall of one of the ships aft compartments. Only three of them were occupied, at the time. 
Richard, Sophia and Max slept, while Callum and Jack were manning their stations in the cockpit. Jack Sanders had been assigned the task of being Callums co-pilot. He was a short, scrawny man with curly red hair and freckles, who looked to be in his late teens, but was actually in his mid- thirties. 
When Callum had first met him and learned that he would be sharing the cockpit with him, he was instantly discouraged, because of his lack of experience. However, after numerous simulator ops and test flights, Jack not only proved to be a worthy candidate, but almost as good a pilot as Callum, as well. 
Callum and Jack were going about their business and following their respective checklists, when all of a sudden, Jack stopped what he was doing and motioned for Callum to look out of the ships massive front windows. 
When Callum looked up from his instrumentation, he saw a small planetary body, floating alone in the vastness of space. Callum smiled and turned to Jack. 
Not bad, right? Callum arrogantly asked. 
Jack rolled his eyes and replied, What do you mean? Were almost a whole day late. 
They laughed as Callum unstrapped himself from his seat. 
Take the reins, will you? They need to wake up and see this, Callum boasted. 
Jack nodded and promptly turned his attention back to his control console, while Callum pushed his way through the cabin, towards the dimly lit rear compartments of the ship. 
As he floated into the sleep chamber, he noticed that Simone was missing. He sighed with frustration and climbed through a narrow tunnel above him, which led him into another compartment, directly above the sleep chamber. 
When he reached the top, he found himself in front of the medical station hatchway and turned left to reach the partially open hatchway, leading to Simones private work station. He entered and found that the room was completely dark, aside from the light from a small desk lamp, strapped to a table at the far end. 
Simone was asleep at the table, barely levitating over her work bench. He could hear somber sounding piano playing in the distance. It was the same music that Simone played whenever she found an opportunity to be alone and listen for the voice. 
As Callum made his way over to her, he could hear that she was once again following her daily routine. Simone had her music coming out of one set of speakers and the vocal transmissions from Charon coming from another. On most days during their eight month voyage, Simone would shut herself away from the others for hours at a time and listen to the unpronounceable words of Charons mysterious tenant. 
Callum reached over Simones head and turned the music off. She then instantly woke up and gave Callum an angry glare. Callum chuckled, as Simone then lowered the volume of the vocal transmissions. 
What do you want? she asked in a harsh tone. 
Callum smiled, as if to mock her, and sarcastically replied, Well your majesty, I just thought youd like to know that weve arrived at our destination. 
Without a moments hesitation, Simone sprang up and pushed Callum to the side. 
Move! she shouted, as she descended down the tunnel and entered the sleep chamber. 
Everybody up! she yelled at the top of her lungs. 
Sophia, Max and Richard slowly awakened and unzipped their sleeping bags. One by one they followed Simone towards the front of the ship, to see what all the commotion was about. Simone then barged into the cockpit and took a seat behind Jack. 
Are we in orbit around Charon? she hastily asked him. 
Jack cautiously replied, No, maam. Were actually just coming up on Pluto now. 
He pointed out the window, drawing Simones attention to the lifeless orb of rock and ice, which was only one thousand or so kilometers from Hades. 
Enraged, Simone whipped herself around to face Callum and the rest of the crew; still groggy from their rude awakening. 
Does that look like Charon to you? she asked Callum, condescendingly. 
No maam, he replied with a sly smirk. I just thought you might want to see the show. 
Simone was not amused. Show?! she yelled. Do you think this is a game, Commander? 
Callum promptly replaced his grin with a more sincere expression and dutifully replied, No, maam. I do not. 
Good, she said. I would hope not. 
She then pushed her way passed the crew and before leaving the cockpit, ordered that she was not to be disturbed until the ship was ready for orbital insertion above Charon. She then made her way back to her private chamber. 
I still dont understand why they put her in charge, Max said to Callum. 
Like it or not, she is, Richard interrupted. 
Hes right, said Sophia. Like it or not, were just her chauffeurs in this scenario. 
But that doesnt mean we cant enjoy the view while it lasts, said Jack. 
The crew couldnt help but exchange smiles; watching in awe, as Pluto passed in front of their windows. 

Once Pluto was out of sight, Charon was revealed behind it. It was very similar in appearance, aside from being about half the size of Pluto. Callum ordered everyone to strap themselves in to their assigned seats. 
Prepare for burn, Callum ordered Jack. 
Jack then activated the ships forward thrusters, which were pointed away from Charon, on either side of the cockpit and began counting down from ten. After ten seconds, the crew burned the thrusters long enough to bring the ship to an almost full stop. They were then at the mercy of Charons gravitational pull. 
Nice job, Callum said, as he patted Jack on the back. 
He then unstrapped himself from his seat and said, Take the reins, people. 
Everyone then promptly went about their various tasks, as Callum left the cockpit. 
Jack then turned to Richard and asked, Has she even said one word to him about anything that happened back home? 
Nope. Not one word, Richard replied. 
But how much you want to bet, hes on his way to get himself some more punishment right now? Sophia chimed in. 
Sophia was a nearly pencil thin, but attractive, olive skinned woman, with blonde hair; always tied back in a ponytail. She had always been outspoken with a thick southern accent, was proudly immature, and had taken a keen interest in Richard, since the ships departure. 
Just drop it, Jack said to her in a stern tone of voice, defending his commander. Weve had this conversation way too many times already. It is what it is.

Minutes later, Callum cautiously entered Simones compartment, to find that she had undoubtedly been expecting him; her arms crossed and senses sharpened. 
Are we ready? she asked. 
You shouldve been strapped in for that burn, maam, Callum scolded. Just concerned about your safety. 
I appreciate your concern, Simone replied. But I think I can handle a little turbulence. 
Callum seemed as though he wanted to say something else, but remained silent. 
What is it? Simone asked him. 
You know what it is, he replied. 
Simone rolled her eyes. Weve been over this a million times, Callum, she sighed. You know what my answer is. I just 
I know, Callum interrupted. You just cant talk about it. 
There was an awkward silence, followed by Simone once again, pushing her way passed Callum. 
We dont have time for this, she muttered. Lets go, Commander. 
Callum obediently buried his emotions and accompanied Simone back to the cockpit. Charon was then only a few hundred kilometers away, and it was time to make the burns and course corrections necessary, to bring Hades into synchronous orbit with the moon. 
Upon returning to the cockpit, Simone actually sat in her assigned seat and strapped herself in, along with the rest of the crew. 
Callum ordered Jack to put the ship in orbit around Charon and he did so, almost effortlessly. Callum chuckled and turned to face the crew. 
After everything Mandrake said, I cant believe it ended up being this easy, he boasted. 
Exactly, said Max, as he looked over his readings. Pluto and all satellites appear to be perfectly stable. Theres nothing out of the ordinary going on here. 
Simone then turned to Max and gave him a familiar look of disapproval. 
Really? You cant think of anything strange going on here at the moment? she asked him, sarcastically. 
Simone then turned her attention to Callum. 
Turn it on, she ordered. 
Callum hesitated for a moment, then flipped a red switch, over his head. The crew then fell silent as the voice from Charon began to play over the ships intercom. 
It almost sounds like he could be speaking Mayan, Sophia suggested. 
No, Callum said. Theyve sent these transmissions to every language expert on Earth and the only thing they could agree on was that hes speaking a language theyve never heard before. 
But it is a language right? Max asked, jokingly, with a smile, as he turned to Simone. Like, it isnt just gibberish, right? 
Simone then gave him a stern look and harshly replied, No, Max. It is not just gibberish. 
He could just be really sick, Richard suggested. Who knows how long hes been there, or how he even got there. He could have a brain tumor or a parasite even. Or hes just going insane. 
Well, we wont know anything by just sitting up here, said Callum.
He turned to Simone after checking his readings. How recent is that last transmission you were listening to? 
It was only sent less than 24 hours ago, answered Simone. So we are operating under the assumption that he is still alive, she continued. 
Very well, said Callum. He then turned his attention to Jack. 
Jack, were going to have to stay sharp, he said. 
Jack nodded and remained focused on his instrumentation. Callum then turned to Max and Sophia, who were manning radar displays, while Richard was using his console to search for heat signatures. 
Is anyone picking anything up? Callum asked them. 
Nothing, yet. Its like a tomb down there, answered Max.
Although everything appeared to be running smoothly, Max was noticeably nervous. His fingers trembled, as he handled his equipment. It was completely silent in the cockpit. 
After a few moments, Max looked up to see that everyone was staring at him. What is it? he asked. 
You tell us, Callum answered. 
Sophia started laughing to herself. Youre not going to throw up again, are you? she asked Max, as she caught her breath.
Max did his best to ignore her, but got everyone laughing, as he began to blush. Even Simone cracked a smile, much to everyones surprise. 

The ship had been orbiting Charon for close to an hour, and the crew had yet to find anything of any interest. Hades was equipped with giant spotlights on either side of its nose, which were brightly shining down on the moons surface. Nothing of consequence was happening in the area and there had been no further transmissions. 
Simone was becoming more and more agitated and decided to hover over Max, Sophia and Richard, as they continued to scan the surface. Callum and Jack kept the ship on course and were both doing their best not to showcase their disappointment. After a little while, Jack broke the silence and nudged Callum. 
This is one hell of a party, he said. 
Yeah, really, muttered Callum.
We should at least set down and walk around for a bit, just so we can say we were here, Jack suggested. 
Thats enough, Simone barked from behind them. 
Well can you blame us for being a little disappointed? Callum asked her. This rock isnt all that big, you know. I just think if your boy was still alive, we wouldve found something by now. 
Our orders are to remain here for a minimum of twenty four hours before signaling for an abort, Simone angrily replied. So for the next twenty three hours, your job is to keep your mouth shut and your eyes open. That goes for all of you, Simone snapped as she turned to the others. 
The crew remained silent and attentive to their duties.

Another hour had passed. The mood aboard the ship was extremely tense. The cockpit was completely silent aside from the humming of the ships engines and the miscellaneous beeping of electronics. 
Callum was mindlessly staring out of his window, when suddenly, something seemed out of place to him. He quickly turned to Jack and tapped his arm. Jack was startled, as he had clearly been day dreaming. 
How many times have we gone over this sector? Callum asked him.
Jack checked his readings and replied, This is the third time now. 
Callum turned his attention back to the horizon and pointed out the window, while yelling, What the hell is that? 
The crew leaned towards the window and struggled to see what Callum was referring to. 
What are you talking about? What are you looking at? Simone asked him. 
That, right there! Callum shouted.
In the distance, the crew could see a thin stream of gas rising from the moons surface. 
So, what? Jack asked. Its just a vapor trail. Weve seen several of them and theres nothing new on the scanners. 
Oh, yeah? Callum asked in a sarcastic tone. Then why is that vapor trail coming from a crater that wasnt there on our last two passes? 
As the ship came closer to the trail, the crew could clearly see a small crater on the moons surface that was in fact the source of the gas being vented out into space. Simone squinted, as she struggled to see what was going on. She then turned to Richard and asked him to focus his instrumentation on that specific area of the moons surface. 
Theres nothing, he said. He then turned to Max and Sophia, who had the same reaction. 
Are you sure it wasnt there before?  Simone angrily asked Callum. You probably werent even paying attention on the last two passes, she sighed. 
Callum whipped around in his seat and gave her a hostile glare. Dont even go there, Simone! he shouted. I know what I saw! That crater wasnt there 45 minutes ago. 
It couldve just been hit by a meteor, Jack suggested. 
No, said Max. It wouldve shown up on the scanners. If Callum says it wasnt there before, then theres no way it couldve gotten there unless 
Wait! Richard shouted. Theres a heat signature down there! Its massive! 
Simone quickly made her way to Richards console. 
Thats impossible, she began. Why didnt it show up before? 
I dont know, Richard answered. But its there now. 
Simone then made her way back to Callum and Jack, who were both getting very anxious. 
Well Commander, it looks like you have your target area, she said to Callum. 
Callum nodded and began looking for an adequate landing site. 
Over there looks good, he said to Jack, as he pointed to a relatively flat clearing to the left of the vapor trail. 
Itll have to do, Jack quickly replied. Everyone get strapped in! Callum shouted. Were on the ground in twenty seconds!
Hades made a series of quick thrusts and adjustments before deploying its landing gear. Four mechanical arms gripping small steel platforms extended from the ships underbelly; two from the forward section and two from the aft section. The four feet, as they were referred to, locked in place in perfect unison, as a single engine fired from the center of ships underbelly. This slowed the ships descent, as it gently touched down on the surface of Charon. 
Honey, Im home, Callum boasted, as the ship touched down, just twenty feet away from the target crater. 
Simone quickly got out of her seat, as soon as she heard the landing gear make contact with the surface. 
Did I tell you to unfasten that belt? Callum asked her in a harsh tone. 
I didnt ask, Simone sternly replied. Ive already wasted enough time waiting for you people to get your act together and find this place! 
Everyone then fell silent and expressions of bitterness came over the entire crew. 
Maam with all due respect, we did our job. We did our job well, muttered Sophia. 
Simone completely ignored her and kept her attention on Callum and Jack. We have a job to do, she said. So, lets do it. 
She then turned to face the rest of the crew. Its time to suit up, she began. We need to find the survivor and get some answers. Lets move!
The situation was becoming more and more uncomfortable, as Simone continued to badger the crew with her harsh orders and blatant lack of gratitude for their efforts. 
Jack and Sophia had been assigned to remain aboard Hades, in order to monitor the ship, as well as the crew, while they carried out their mission on the surface. 
The others had moved into an aft compartment of the ship, next to the airlock. Callum nudged Simone and motioned for her to follow him into another room, while the crew put together their pressure suits in preparation to leave Hades. 
At first, Simone was hesitant and utterly annoyed, but her desire to keep everyone focused on the mission persuaded her to allow Callum to have his say. She followed him into the next compartment and an uncomfortable silence ensued. 
Callums eyes conveyed a sense of pure hatred, but Simone knew that his aggressive behavior was merely a mask, hiding years of heartbreak and confusion. 
What is it, Commander? she asked him, in her most professional tone of voice. 
Callum was boiling over with rage, but decided to use his own professional tactics, as the ships second in command, to bury his true feelings. 
I just thought you should know that those people out there are some of the finest officers I have ever had the privilege to serve with, he began. 
Whether you want to accept it or not, weve all done a first rate job here. Do you think they wanted to be stripped away from their families for sixteen months, knowing full well that they might not make it back?! 
Simone scoffed, as she brushed her hair from her face. 
I dont have time to listen to this, she said. We only have enough food, water and fuel to barely get us through the next eight months. Youre putting our survival more and more at risk, every moment we stand here arguing. 
Callum leaned in closer to Simone, with no further intentions of holding back. 
Bullshit! he boasted. 
Simone then backed away, while giving him a bewildered expression. 
Excuse me?! she gasped. 
Youre not fooling anyone, he began. I know you. I know when youre hiding something. 
What the hell is that supposed to mean? she asked. 
Callum looked her directly in the eye and with no hesitation replied, I think you know whos down there. 
Simone kept her eyes locked onto his. Im done listening to you and your paranoid brain, she said. I have no idea whos down there. But what I do know is that he could be dead right now, because of the time I just wasted listening to your bullshit!
She then quickly left the room, as Callum recovered his composure and followed behind her. 

A few more minutes later, Callum, Simone, Richard and Max were wearing full, all black pressure suits, along with large dark gray backpacks, which contained their oxygen tanks. They entered the airlock one by one and sealed the massive pressure door behind them. 
Their hearts were racing, as the door clicked shut and they heard the sound of the oxygen being quickly sucked out of the room.  Callum then turned on his radio, using a control on his wrist, as the others did the same. 
Can everyone hear me? he asked. They exchanged nods and were successfully communicating via radio. 
Jack and Sophia appeared on a monitor behind Callum and Simone. 
Youre at zero pressure, said Jack. 
Callum nodded to him and motioned for Richard to unlock the ships outer door. Richard then firmly gripped a handle on the door and turned it clockwise, until he felt it click. 
Outer door unlocked, Richard said, nervously. 
Callum turned back to Jack and Sophia on the monitor. 
Looks like its now or never, exclaimed Callum. 
Godspeed, Jack replied. 
Well be with you the whole way, Sophia added reassuringly. 
Copy that, Callum relayed, as he turned his attention back to Richard. He then signaled for Richard to open the outer door. 
Richard reluctantly did as he was instructed, and the crew became exposed to the vacuum of space. 
Callum met Richard at the outer door and peered out at the vapor trail, which was still slowly venting from the crater in the moons surface. They exchanged awkward glances. 
After you Commander, Richard said with a smile. 
Thanks, Callum sarcastically replied, as he bent down and gripped the bottom of the hatchway. He then lowered himself onto the surface of Charon. 
Dont be shy, he said, as he looked up at his crew. 
Simone, Richard and Max slowly followed behind Callum and lowered themselves onto the surface. Max was the last one out and resealed the outer door behind him. The four of them then slowly made their way towards their target area. 
Ten minutes later, they were standing in the center of the small crater, directly on top of the pocket of venting gas. Richard then revealed a small, black handheld device, which he used to examine the gas, as well as determine the source of the previously recorded heat signature. 
This cant be right, he said, as he held the device up to the gas. 
What is it? Simone eagerly inquired. 
Richard gave the others a baffled expression and replied, I dont know how this is possible but this is oxygen. 
Oxygen? asked Max. 
The four of them exchanged puzzled expressions. 
Yes, Richard began. According to these readings theres a boatload of breathable air, coming from the source of the heat signature. 
And how far down is this heat signature? Callum asked. 
Its a massive cluster of multiple heat signatures, actually. Its all coming from about one hundred feet down, directly below where were standing, Richard expertly replied. 
Look at this! exclaimed Max, as he peered down into the gas vent. The others crowded around the vent to see that a perfectly rounded out hole had been carved into the rock and ice. 
That looks man made, Callum said. 
Yeah, Max concurred. It looks like it was done with a huge mining drill or something. Theres no way anything natural couldve done that. Its too perfect. 
Simone was growing more and more eager by the second and could no longer contain herself. She shined the flashlight attached to her sleeve, into the hole. It appeared to be bottomless. 
Well, it looks like we can easily fit through there, she said. Were going down. 
She then quickly and assertively made her way back to the ship and opened the outer door to the airlock. She promptly located a roll of thick black cable attached to the bottom of the hatchway and began unraveling it. Richard and Max walked up behind her to help her feed the cable into the hole in the crater. 
Callum felt more and more uneasy by the second and put his hand on Simones shoulder, as she was about to begin lowering the cable into the darkness below. 
Now wait a minute, he began to say. 
Simone completely ignored him and began lowering herself into the vent. Her descent was slow, due to the extremely low force of gravity on Charon. The venting oxygen began to engulf her, as she looked back up at Callum with arrogant and impatient eyes. 
Are you coming or not? she asked in a sassy tone. 
Callum, Max and Richard exchanged expressions of uncertainty and reluctantly lowered themselves down into the vent. 
Im going to regret this for the rest of my life, said Max. 
You and me both, buddy, Richard replied. 

Jack and Sophia looked on, as their four shipmates disappeared into the venting oxygen. Jack flipped a switch on a monitor, which displayed their four heat signatures descending into the darkness below. 
I cant believe were really doing this, said Sophia. 
This guy better still be alive, Jack replied. We need to get some answers. 
Screw him, Sophia snapped. I just hope we make it back alive, ourselves. 
Together, they continued to observe, as the four red bulges on the monitor, representing their fellow officers, continued to descend into black nothingness. 
Then just as it seemed as though it would never end, a massive red blob appeared at the bottom of the screen, indicating a massive heat signature, just below the crew. Jack then excitedly grabbed his radio and flipped to Callums channel. 
Youre right on top of it! he exclaimed.
Sophia and Jack could only hear crackling on the other end of the transmission. Sophia then tapped Jack on his shoulder and directed his attention back to the monitor. 
Look at that, Jack! she shouted. Whatever it is, its producing an unlimited supply of breathable air. It looks like theres a self-sustaining, earth-like atmosphere down there. 
Callum, are you reading this? Jack asked, as he began to panic. What are you seeing? 
There was no response. Jack and Sophia exchanged worried expressions, as the image on the monitor suddenly turned to static. The radio channel had gone completely silent. They had frantically searched every available frequency, before realizing that their contact with the rest of the crew had been completely severed. 



Chapter Five

On October 15th, 2027, as Hades was passing by Pluto, Drellic had just awakened from one of his Starblood induced, lucid dreams. The presence of the inbound spacecraft had startled him and had torn him away from his beloved wife, Moya. 
The two of them were walking hand in hand, along one of the Sirens beautiful beaches. They were staring deeply into each others eyes, as the sun slowly sank behind them into the calm waters of the Siren Sea.
It was a moment like many they had actually shared, before their fatal final encounter, and it was Drellics ability to recreate those moments over and over again that made his eternity spent in captivity, pass by in what seemed like an instant. 
The sun had almost completely disappeared beneath the distant waves and just as their lips drew closer and were about to touch, an agonizing pain suddenly pulsated throughout his entire body. 
His blissful reunion with Moya and his great city had once again come to an end. Only this time, he was being ripped away from his fantasies by a sensation he had never felt before. 
As he regained consciousness, the pain slowly dissipated, but was immediately replaced with an undeniable sense of vulnerability. He felt exposed and displaced. It was the first time he had felt the presence of another sentient life form in countless millennia. 
The Blood of Aia was surging through his veins and amplifying his perception of his surroundings. At first, he could only feel the rumblings of Hades engines. But after a while, he began to feel the six beating human hearts that were on board the ship. 
The sensation of finally being relieved of solitude was intoxicating to him. As the ship drew nearer, Drellic could smell the sweat and taste the breath of the crew, which confirmed that they were in fact, human. 
In a moment of utter relief and happiness, he jumped to his feet and ran to the opposite end of his chamber. He pressed his ear against the rock wall and closed his eyes. It was his way of clearing his mind and allowing himself to become immersed in all of the images, sounds and sensations, he was being bombarded with. 
Tears streamed down his face, as he came to the realization that some of his people had survived and were coming to rescue him. 
After a few more moments, he was finally able to visualize the six humans within the approaching vessel. It was a revelation that would ultimately be followed by confusion and disappointment. 
He immediately felt paranoid and wondered about the possibility of it being a hoax, courtesy of the Architects. Something felt out of place to him about these particular humans. He noticed their abnormally small size and could not understand their language. He also felt that their thoughts and actions conveyed the behavior of a people far less sophisticated than his own. After further analysis, Drellic came to look at Callum and the others as children, which was a notion that hardly made him eager to present himself to them with open arms. 
After a few more hours of pondering the situation, Drellic could feel the six crew members circling him, as the ship proceeded to orbit Charon. 
Now completely reenergized, he used his super speed and strength to burrow his way up through the top of his chamber, to the surface of the moon. Upon breaking through the final layer of rock and ice, he came into contact with the vacuum of space and immediately retreated. 
The Starblood had seized control of his motor functions and forced him back into his chamber, in order to protect him. It had saved him from the vacuum once before, but feared it could not do so again, after spending billions of years regenerating and perfecting Drellics original form; the youthful, muscular form, he had enjoyed, in the days when he had first sampled Starblood. 
Drellic had developed a great understanding of the Blood of Aia, in the time he had spent owning it. Working together as two separate entities, they decided to create enough of a disturbance, to get the Hades crews attention and lure them underground into an environment that better suited them.
It wasnt much longer after Drellic forged the tunnel, that he felt the ship land on the surface above. He then knew that he was minutes away with coming face to face with the strange visitors. 
Drellic backed away into the shadows, in a far corner of the chamber. He looked on, as a thick black cable slithered down into his view, from the tunnel above. The cable then gently touched down on the surface. 
As he continued to observe, he counted four humans descending the cable and eventually landing on the rocky terrain. Drellic pressed himself against the wall, in order to avoid immediate detection, as they began to search the chamber; shining their bright searchlights along the walls and floor. 
He saw that they had discovered that they could breathe inside the chamber, without the use of their crude, airtight suits and had removed their helmets. 
At that moment, he had another revelation. He wanted to have a complete understanding of the visitors, before revealing himself, and he knew that the best way to do that would be to appear to be incapacitated. 
The essence of Aia seemed to agree, as he suddenly felt his life force diminishing, bit by bit. His heart beat slowed, as did the circulation of the Starblood throughout his body. His vision blurred and he gasped for air. This attracted the attention of the humans, who immediately shined their lights on his naked body, as he finally collapsed lifelessly to the ground. 
Callum, Simone, Richard and Max approached Drellics body with fearful expressions. They looked on in awe, at the sight of the massive mountain of muscular flesh that laid before them. 
Despite his current condition, Drellic still had absolute consciousness and could hear the humans conversing with their primitive and inadequate sounding language. From within his inanimate shell, he wondered what had happened to his people and how much time had really passed since his incarceration. 
His primal nature commanded him to relieve himself from his weakened state and rip the puny creatures, limb from limb, but his desire to know the answers to his innumerable questions, outweighed his bloodlust. Though it decimated his pride, he allowed the humans to examine his body and touch him with their feeble, child-like fingers. All he could do was wait and pray that the answers were coming. 


Chapter Six

Minutes earlier, after lowering themselves down into the oxygen vent and uncovering the massive, enclosed rock chamber below, Callum and the others discovered a thin veil of energy at the bottom of the tunnel, which reacted violently, when broken. 
Its some kind of force field, Richard deduced. Im not sure whats powering it, but it seems to be the only thing keeping this chamber air tight. 
Are you saying, we can breathe down here? asked Callum. 
Yes, sir. I believe we can, Richard responded. 
The four of them then reached the end of the cable and landed on the surface of the hidden chamber. 
Its a lot warmer down here, said Max. 
We shouldnt take any chances, ordered Callum. 
Nonsense, Simone boasted. This is an incredible find and Im not squandering it. 
She then approached Richard and checked his atmospheric reader. After determining that there was adequate pressure, breathable air and that there were no contaminates present, she exclaimed, Thats good enough for me. 
She then proceeded to unlock and remove her helmet. Upon removing it, she had no reaction to the environment. She maintained her consistently authoritative expression and was breathing normally. 
Callum glared at her with irate eyes. 
You need to stop being so reckless, he said. 
Simone just smiled and replied, And miss all the fun? 
Callum rolled his eyes, as Max and Richard removed their helmets. Callum was the last to remove his and he did his best to control his bitterness with Simone. 
Smells familiar in here, Max commented. 
Yeah, Richard concurred. Almost like the ocean. 
Richard had no idea, how correct he was. The Starblood also had an uncanny ability to manifest the smells of Drellics lucid dreams in the physical world, in order to enhance his experience. 
The four of them shined their flashlights along the rocky walls of the chamber and discovered thousands of chiseled drawings and writings. A look of fearful recognition then came over Simones face, as she approached one of the paragraphs, etched into the wall, which was a remarkably clear representation of an unknown language. 
Callum noticed her expression immediately and calmly approached her. 
Why are you staring at it like that? he whispered. 
Like what? Simone asked, defensively. Its incredible! 
Thats not all, whispered Callum. I mean, why are you looking at it, as though youve seen it before? 
I havent, Simone answered. I just think its astonishing, as should you. 
Right, Callum muttered. 
Whats going on? Max inquired, as he noticed their private conversation. 
Nothing at all, Callum answered, sarcastically. 
A moment later, the sound of loud panicky breaths filled the room, from a far corner. The team directed their flashlights in the direction of the breathing, to reveal the naked body of a large muscular man on the ground. 
Shocked and awestruck, they rushed over to him without hesitation. 
Oh my god, Simone gasped, as she looked upon Drellics face.
Callum knew her reaction for what it was and grabbed her arm. 
What? he asked, frantically. Who is he? Do you know this guy? What the hell is going on?! 
I dont know, Simone stuttered. I dont know him, I swear. 
Callum squeezed her arm tighter. 
Let go! Youre hurting me! she yelled. 
What the hell is your problem? Richard asked Callum. 
Shes lying! Callum yelled. Shes fucking lying! Shes been lying to us from the beginning! 
Im not fucking lying! Simone screamed. 
Everyone shut up! Max yelled, as he placed his fingers on Drellics neck and pressed his ear against his chest. 
This guy is barely breathing. We have bigger problems right now. 
Hes right, said Richard. We came all this way to save this guy. Lets just get him on the ship, then we can sort this out. 
Callum looked around the chamber and noticed that there was no radio equipment or electronic equipment of any kind to be found. 
How was he sending those transmissions? Callum asked. 
Richard and Max were becoming hysterical and looked at Callum, as if he were crazy, while Simone just remained silent and complacent. 
What the hell does that matter right now?! Richard shouted at Callum. This guy is dying. We need to get him on the ship right now or this was all for nothing! 
No! This isnt right! Somethings wrong here, Callum yelled. Look around! 
Max and Richard shined their flashlights around the chamber, as Callum continued to aggressively make his point. 
Theres no radio here! Callum yelled. Theres nothing here! So how the hell was he communicating with us?! Nothing about this makes any sense! 
Finally, Simone broke her silence. That doesnt matter now, she said. Theyre right. We wont know anything until we get him on board the ship. 
She looked Callum in the eye with sincerity and whispered, Just trust me. 
Trust you?! Callum scoffed. Im supposed to trust you? 
Yes, Simone answered. Now, more than ever. 
What do you mean? asked Callum. 
Well talk about this later, she replied. Just know that youre right. Youre right about everything. 
Max and Richard gave Simone puzzled expressions, as she continued. 
But right now, the best thing we can do is get him on board the ship, safely, she pleaded. Help us get him on board and I promise you that Ill explain everything. 
Callum did his best to calm his nerves and eventually put his helmet back on, sealing it. He then began making his way back towards the cable line. 
What are you going to do? Simone asked him, with a worried expression. 
Theres no signal down here, he replied. Im going top side. 
And then what? asked Simone, suspiciously.
He paused for a moment and replied, Ill be back with the lifeboat. I promise. 
Alright, she replied. 
That is if that big son of a bitch can fit inside it, Callum added.
Callum climbed the cable line, up through the tunnel and passed through the energy veil, which felt considerably less intense than it had on their way down. 
He made his way back to the surface of the moon and could see that Hades appeared to be in perfect condition. Upon reaching the surface, he immediately heard Jacks voice on his radio. 
Commander, is that you?! Jack shouted. 
Yeah, its me, Callum responded. Youre not going to believe this. 
What? Jack asked, as Sophia began to talk over him. 
Did you find the survivor? Sophia asked. 
We did, Callum replied. And this is the part youre not going to believe. The guy is seven and a half feet tall, at least. 
Youve got to be kidding me, said Jack. 
No bullshit Jack, Callum answered. And heres another fun fact. Hes butt naked. Not a stitch of clothing on him. 
How gracious of him, Sophia muttered. 
Tell me about it, Callum replied. There was some kind of pressure chamber, constructed down there a long time ago. Thats what was keeping him alive, but we couldnt find his suit or any electronics whatsoever. It looks like whoever dumped him here, is long gone and took every last piece of equipment with them. Its a miracle he survived. 
Ill say. Who the hell couldve pulled something like this off? Jack asked. 
No idea, Callum replied. But were going to need a lifeboat. Can you bring one online? 
Online and ready, Jack answered. Youll have it in about five. 
Make it five minutes ago, Callum ordered. He has barely any life left in him. 
Understood, Jack replied.
Sophia made her way towards the back of the ship as Jack brought up a diagram of the ships lifeboats, on his control console. The lifeboats were essentially automated self-guiding pressure chambers with extremely limited supplies of oxygen. They were invented specifically for the Hades mission to Charon, for the purpose of recovering survivors with damaged pressure suits. 
Hades was retrofitted with only three 7 foot by 3 foot lifeboats. Jack programmed one of the lifeboats with the coordinates of the target crater on Charon. 
Are you ready back there? Jack radioed to Sophia. 
Ready to deploy number one on your order, Sophia replied. 
The lifeboats were stored in the very bottom compartment of the ship, just on the other side of the ships outer hull. Sophia was stationed at a computer terminal directly above the lifeboat compartment. 
Jack gave the order to deploy the lifeboat and Sophia used her instrumentation to open a small hatchway on the ships underbelly, allowing for the lifeboat to proceed to the crater on auto pilot. 
Callum looked on, as the sleek metallic coffin- like device made its way towards him. Upon reaching the crater, the lifeboat automatically stopped at Callums feet. Using the long handle bars on either side of the lifeboat, Callum took advantage of Charons extremely low force of gravity and pulled the device up to the tunnel, which led to the underground chamber; still venting oxygen out into space.
It was going to be a tight fit, but Callum was satisfied that the lifeboat would in fact, fit inside the tunnel and pass through it, undamaged. 
Mr. Morioka, Callum radioed to Richard. He then rolled his eyes. He had forgotten that there was no way for him to send a transmission underground. He decided to use the flashlight attached to his sleeve to signal to the crew below. As he peered down into the tunnel, he saw that the light signal was returned. 
Beneath the surface, Simone ordered Max and Richard to put their helmets back on and assist in the receiving of the lifeboat. Together, they climbed the cable line into the tunnel and helped guide the lifeboat safely to the surface of the underground chamber. 
Theres no way this is going to work, Max said, after having an opportunity to compare the size of Drellics body to the size of the lifeboat. 
It has to work, ordered Simone, as she opened the lifeboat hatch. Help me get him in there right now. We dont have time for second guessing. 
Simone, Richard and Max were barely able to lift Drellic off of the ground, regardless of the incredibly low gravity. After a few attempts, they were finally able to place him inside the lifeboat, however his hands and feet were still hanging over the sides. Simone then noticed that Callum had descended the cable line, to join them. 
Get over here and help! she called to him. 
Callum was able to help Max and Richard roll Drellic onto his side and fold his legs inside the compartment. Callum then slowly made his way to the other end of the boat to secure Drellics left arm, which was still hanging over the side. 
I think this should do it, said Callum. 
He slowly reached down to reposition the arm, when suddenly, and without warning, Drellic violently grabbed Callums right hand and squeezed it as hard as he could. 
Callum screamed in pain, as Drellic then promptly released his hand, while still appearing to be unconscious. Callum fell backward onto the ground, while Simone, Max and Richard rushed to his side. 
Are you alright?! Richard frantically asked. 
What the hell was that?! Max shouted, as he looked back at Drellic, who was still unconscious and nicely tucked inside the lifeboat, aside from his left arm. 
It mustve been a reflex, Simone said calmly, as she put on and sealed her helmet. 
All four of them were now ready to return to the surface of the moon. 
You call that a fucking reflex?! screamed Callum, who was still lying on his back and writhing in pain. 
Its alright! Simone shouted, as she cautiously approached Drellic. It was just a reflex, she said reassuringly; though it seemed as though she was more interested in reassuring herself. 
The others then fearfully watched Simone gently take Drellic by the left wrist and reposition his arm inside the compartment. She then sealed the lifeboat, without incident. 
See? Whatd I say? she arrogantly asked, with a smile. 
The four of them needed all of their strength, to muscle the lifeboat back onto the surface, before the auto pilot could safely return it to the ship. Callums broken right hand did not help the situation, as Richard had to abandon the lifeboat, in order to aid Callum in his climb up the cable line. 
After a considerable struggle, they returned to Hades and left Charon on the morning of October 16th, 2027. Drellic was loaded into the lifeboat compartment of the ship and was then transferred to the medical station, which was right outside Simones private quarters. 
Once there, he was loaded onto a gurney and hooked up to life support equipment, as he was presumed by the crew, to be in a coma. 
Callum and the others had another eight month journey ahead of them, and their food, water and fuel supplies were extremely limited. 
And although they were still many millions of miles from home, there was still one thing of greater interest to them, than their own survival; the mystery surrounding their new passenger. 

Chapter Seven

December 30th, 2027

Hades had been on its return trajectory to Earth for nearly three months. Callum was sitting alone in the cockpit, gazing out the window at Saturn, which was still a full day away, but already large enough to see in great detail. 
Throughout the mission, the control tower at Darkside would periodically make contact with Hades, via video transmissions, which would be delayed several hours, due to the ships distance from Earth. Since leaving Charon, the crew had become accustomed to receiving updates from Mandrake and company more frequently and with a shorter delay each time. 
However, it had been almost a week since Darksides last transmission. During that time, Callum and Simone had made several attempts to contact Earth and had received no reply. As Callum later learned, there was no way to verify that any of the messages were even being transmitted. Something was jamming the ships communications systems and Callum had been awake for nearly twenty four hours, attempting to fix the problem. 
After another inconclusive diagnostic of the communications systems, Callum inspected the ships autopilot display one last time, to confirm that Hades was still on its predetermined course. He also used the radar console to do a sweep of the sector, to ensure that there were no obstacles that could potentially interfere with the ships path. 
Once he was satisfied with his findings, he left the cockpit and headed for the sleep chamber. His plan was to wake up Jack, who had agreed to take his place in the cockpit, once his insomnia had caught up with him. 
Callum floated into the dark sleep chamber, to find Jack and Max sleeping at opposite ends of the row sleeping bags. He put his hand on Jacks shoulder and Jack slowly opened his eyes. 
Is it that time, already? Jack asked, in a groggy voice. 
Im afraid so, Callum replied. 
Jack reluctantly unzipped his sleeping bag and pushed himself away from the wall, to face Callum. 
Anything new? Jack asked. No. Nothing at all, Callum replied. Just static. It might be more serious than we thought. I just hope you have better luck than I did. 
Youre just exhausted, Jack assured him. I told you it was a bad idea. Youre not the only person here who can patch software. You need sleep. 
I know. Youre right, Callum said, as he let out a long yawn. Just promise me youll wake me up if anything changes. 
Jack laughed and replied, Youll be the first to know. 
Jack then made his way towards the cockpit, as Callum got ready to secure himself in his sleeping bag. But before Callum could make himself comfortable, he had a sudden urge to check on the whereabouts of the rest of the crew. 
He passed through the sleep chamber, into the next compartment. It was a dimly lit storage compartment, with just a few crates of miscellaneous supplies strapped down to the floor. As he approached the far wall, he could hear movement on the other side. He made his way to a closed hatch that separated the two compartments and could hear a faint whimpering sound. 
At first it sounded like a woman crying, but when he peeked in the hatch window, he saw that Richard and Sophia were inside, having sex. Despite his anger, he ignored his urge to barge in and reprimand them. He was too tired to do that. He was also intrigued by the blatant awkwardness of it all. 
Richard and Sophia appeared to be enjoying themselves, but were having a considerable amount of difficulty, establishing a good sexual rhythm in a zero gravity environment. 
Richard had his back to the hatchway, while Sophia had her eyes closed and her head slung over his shoulder, as he struggled to bob up and down. 
After a few moments Sophia began to open her eyes and was seconds away from seeing Callum in the window. Callum then quickly backed away from the hatch and made his way back towards the sleep chamber. 
His desire for sleep increased with every second, but he couldnt resist the urge to have one last look at Drellic. He was still residing in the ships medical station and still appeared to be in a persistent coma. 
Callum made his way up the tunnel, leading to the upper deck. There, he found Simone leaning against the hatchway to Drellics care unit. She flared her eyes at him, as he approached her. 
What was that look for? Callum asked. 
Im just tired of seeing you do this to yourself, she replied. 
I dont see you sleeping, Callum remarked. 
Thats because you were keeping your face buried in those monitors. I just got twelve hours, Simone replied. 
So, now youre right back here? Callum scoffed. Waiting for what? Him to tell you his life story? Theres only so much we can do for him here. Face it. Hes going to be dead, long before we reach home. 
Simone hesitated for a moment and said, Dont be so sure. 
Callum became frustrated and let out a long exhale. 
You still havent told me everything. Its been three months and you keep giving me the same three bullshit lines, Callum began. 
Its all I know, Simone insisted. 
Bullshit, said Callum. You honestly expect us to believe that Mandrake told you about some unsanctioned listening post for ET hunters? A bunch of brainiac students went underground and acquired the funds, equipment and a ship to make it out to Charon to look for aliens? How would that not have been on every news report? Nothing like that couldve stayed a secret. 
But it did. And it was need to know, Simone replied. Mandrake said some of their findings had merit. It was a sensitive issue. 
Callum was becoming irate with Simone again, and was drifting uncomfortably close to her. But as nervous as she was, she never broke eye contact with him. 
Im done with you, he said. Im not doing this anymore. Not while were out here and we cant even talk to home. 
Good, Simone replied. Then maybe youll accomplish something, like fixing the damned com system. 
After a series of uncomfortable glances, Simone gently pushed Callum aside and said, Ill be in my room. Please dont disturb me unless its absolutely necessary. 
You got it, Callum hastily responded. 
Callum let out another long yawn and saw that the medical station hatch was left slightly open. He peeked inside at the heart monitor, which was showing normal rhythm, and glanced over at Drellics body, which had been lying on a gurney, since the day they left Charon. 
He was covered in a large white sheet, which had to be converted into a hospital gown, since none of the clothes on board would fit a man of his size. Callum looked on, as Drellic remained stationary and looked to be as peaceful as ever. 
As Callum backed away from the hatch, he looked down at his right hand, which had almost completely healed, but was still noticeably swollen. 
Son of a bitch has quite a grip, Callum said quietly to himself. 
He then made his way back to the tunnel leading to the sleep chamber below, but just before he began to climb down, he noticed that the beeping sound from Drellics heart monitor had stopped. He quickly turned around and saw that he had left the hatch slightly open, as he had found it. He then looked inside the medical station, to see that the gurney was empty and that the life support equipment had been disconnected. 
He frantically grabbed the hatch and swung it completely open. He then floated around the hatch and entered the room. Looking on in disbelief, Callum saw that Drellic was still lying perfectly still on the gurney and that all of the life support equipment was still connected and working properly. 
A moment later, he felt a warm hand on his back and quickly turned around to see Simone in the hatchway. She noticed his frightened expression and heavy breathing. 
I didnt mean to scare you, she said. I just thought I heard something. Is everything OK in here? I thought you were going to sleep. 
He was gone! Callum exclaimed. What? Simone asked. Just a second ago. He was gone and everything was a mess, Callum replied. 
Simone calmly entered the room and saw that Drellic was still unconscious. She glanced over at the heart monitor, to see that his heart was beating at the same pace it had been, since he was first brought on board. She then looked back at Callum and smiled. 
Callum, you need to sleep, she said, forcefully. 
Although he was almost completely certain as to what hed seen, Callum doubted himself just enough to take Simones advice. He gave her a respectful nod and made his way down into the sleep chamber. He secured himself in his sleeping bag and allowed himself pass out.
Simone exited the medical station, sealing and locking the hatch behind her. She then turned around and faced the hatch with a fearful expression. 
You cant do this to me, she said. Not yet. Ive come too far. Im not letting you fuck this up for me. 
She then returned to her private compartment and closed her hatch behind her. A moment later, Drellic was standing just outside her room, with anxious eyes.


Chapter Eight

December 31st, 2027

It was nearly midnight on the US east coast and the crew of Hades was having a low key New Years celebration, in the ships cockpit. 
The crew had manned their normal stations and were preparing to pass by the rings of Saturn, at precisely the stroke of midnight. To everyones surprise, even Simone appeared to be in pleasant and sociable mood. 
How close are we going to get to the rings? she asked Callum with a smile. 
Just a few miles, he answered. He seemed puzzled by her good mood and asked, Whats got you glowing? 
Simone just shrugged and replied, Im not sure. I fell asleep at my work station last night and had the most incredible dream. Ive been feeling fantastic ever since I woke up. 
Whatd you dream about? Callum asked. 
Simone paused and replied, You know what? I dont even remember. 
Dont jinx it. Just go with it, said Jack, from the co-pilots chair. 
Its almost time, guys. Twenty seconds! Sophia yelled from the back of the room. 
Everyone turned their attention to the spectacular and inspiring rings of Saturn, and cnce the ship began to pass by them, Callum cut power to the ships engines and allowed the ship to slowly glide below the rings, on its own momentum. 
Happy New Year, everyone. he said with a smile. 
Everyone cheered and applauded Callums technique. Even Simone leaned over Callums shoulder and whispered, Its a miracle. You actually seem to know what youre doing. 
Yeah, that happens sometimes, he replied. 
Callum allowed the ship to coast along for another hundred miles and then restarted the ships engines. He instructed Jack to make the thrusts necessary to put the ship back on course, putting Hades back on its return trajectory. 
Alright everyone, shows over, Callum said. We need to get back to fixing this com system. 
Yes we do, said Max. Seven days and no contact with home. Its a little nerve racking. 
Yeah, just a little, Richard added, sarcastically.
Simone unstrapped herself from her seat and made her way towards the back of the cockpit. 
Where are you going? Callum asked her. 
Nowhere, she replied. I want to take a look at this. 
She made her way to Richards console, which displayed nothing but static, each time he switched to a different frequency. 
See? Its just like I said before, Richard began. 
Theres nothing. Its like its not even hooked up, but weve been over every square inch of cable and inspected every circuit. Theres nothing electronically wrong with our equipment. We just cant do anything with it. 
What about a power shortage? Simone asked. 
No, Callum interrupted. All systems show normal output. 

Hes right, Jack added. The only other explanation is that theres something on this ship, blocking the outgoing and incoming signals. 
Like what? Sophia asked. 
Like something we cant track, Jack answered. 
Callum gave him a puzzled look. What do you mean cant track? Callum asked him with a condescending tone. 
No. Let him finish. Go ahead, Jack, Simone said. 
Jack cleared his throat and continued. All Im saying is that nothing our systems can detect is interfering with the com system. Just like we cant find anything wrong connection wise with the naked eye. So the only other option is that its something that our systems cant find and that we also cant find. Like a ghost program. 
Simone seemed nervous and was beginning to lose patience. 
Whats that supposed to mean? she asked in a harsh tone. 
Like something your people, no offense, decided not to tell us about, Jack hesitantly answered. 
Simone scoffed, then took a deep breath. 
Jack, think about what youre saying. Why would Darkside cut off communication with us? That doesnt make any sense, she said. 
I dont know. You tell us, said Callum. 

Simone was becoming extremely angry, and turned her attention to Callum. 
Excuse me?! she shouted. 
Alright! Alright! Callum yelled. Thats enough! This isnt getting us anywhere! 
Silence fell over the room, as Simone did her best to calmly return to her seat.
Suddenly, the crew heard a large crash over their heads. Everyone looked around the room at one another with bewildered expressions. 
What the fuck? Richard asked, as his voice trailed off. 
Jack turned to Callum with a worried look and said, That sounded like the upper deck. Right outside the medical station. 
The crew fell silent again. The six of them began pondering the notion that their eight foot tall mystery passenger may have just regained consciousness.  
This isnt happening, Simone thought. 
Callums growing suspicions of her were becoming quite a burden. 
Im going to check it out, he said. Maybe you should come, he added, insinuatingly. 
Simone then appeared more frightened than any of the crew had ever seen her. 
If you have anything you want to tell us, nows the time, Callum said sternly. 
As she continued to tremble with fear, the only words that could escape her lips were, We need to go, right now. 
Fine, Callum replied with a nod. He then turned to Jack and instructed him to take control of the pilots console, while Richard was assigned to be the acting co-pilot, until Callums return. 
The rest of the crew was ordered to maintain their duties and the tension in the room was very high, as Callum followed Simone out of the cockpit. 
Do you think hes awake? Should we go and help? Max asked, nervously. 
Just stay focused on your readings, like they asked, Sophia scolded. 
I am, Max replied. I was just thinking that they shouldnt go alone. Just in case. 
Sophia was becoming agitated. No. We were ordered to stay here, so were staying here, she said sternly. We cant take any chances. Its the only way were going to make it home. 
Max scoffed and replied, Oh, so I suppose you sneaking out of your rack with Richard to fuck in the back closet, was you staying focused on the mission? 
Richard quickly turned around in his seat and gave Max a hostile glare. Sophia was enraged. 
What the fuck did you just say you little shit? Richard yelled back at him. 
Knock it off! Jack yelled. 
At that moment, another loud crash was heard from the upper deck. Silence once again fell over the room.

Moments later, Simone and Callum were huddled quietly inside the tunnel passage, which led to the medical station. After the second loud crash, they could clearly hear tapping sounds on the wall over their heads. The sound was getting louder and louder, indicating that someone was in fact moving towards them, from along the wall. 
Callum peeked over the top of the passage way, to see pieces of Drellics heart monitor, floating through the corridor. He quickly retreated back towards Simone. 
What is it? she whispered. Hes up there. Theres debris from his bedside, everywhere, he quietly answered. 
Simone seemed to turn to stone. She violently grabbed Callum and stared into his eyes. 
You have to listen to me, she said. You dont know what youre dealing with. We need to abandon this ship. 
Callums eyes widened and his pulse quickened. He knew all along that Simone was guarding secrets, but at that moment, he realized that she had always known what was waiting for them on Charon. 
What the fuck is this? he asked in a quiet, disheartened tone. Simone, what the hell have you done? 
Before she could answer, her face turned pale, as she screamed with terror. Callum looked up, to see Drellic standing over him on the upper deck. Drellic then reached down and effortlessly pulled Callum towards him by his hair. 
Callum struggled to escape, but it was no use. Simone reached for his legs, but was unable to get a hold of him. Drellic then quickly manhandled Callum into the medical station and sealed the hatch behind them. 
Simone waited several seconds and then made her way to the top of the tunnel to investigate. Help! she called down to the others.  We need help! Get up here, now! 
The crew promptly left their stations and headed off in the direction of Simones screams. Meanwhile, inside the medical station, Drellic was holding Callum against the wall by his throat, with one arm. 
You are their leader, are you not? Drellic asked. 
He spoke slowly and with little confidence, as he was not fluent in English, but had spent the last three months using the Starblood to gather information about the crew. 
Callum struggled to respond, but could not utter a single word, due to Drellics tight grip around his neck. Drellic then slowly released Callum and allowed him to drift down towards the floor. 
You will answer, Drellic commanded. 
Yes. Yes I am their leader, Callum stuttered. 
Drellic then smiled and replied, Not anymore. 
Who are you? Callum asked. 
Drellic then appeared baffled and offended by the question. 
You dont know who I am? Drellic asked with confusion. Youve never seen my face? 
No. I havent. Ive never seen you before, Callum nervously answered. 
In a moment of rage, Drellic slammed his fists into a metal cabinet, causing more metal debris to float throughout the room. He then revealed a book from Simones work station and opened it to a picture of the earth. 
He pointed to it and said, This is my home. I am the leader of this world. Were getting closer. I can feel it. 
Callums mind was racing. What are you talking about? he asked Drellic. I dont know who you are or what you want, but this is my ship, OK? Youre very confused right now. Youve just been through a horrible ordeal. You need to lie down and relax. Alright? We can work it all out when we get home. 
Drellic paused for a moment and then roared with anger. He grabbed Callum by this shoulders and threw him across the room. Callum flew into the opposite wall and then floated back towards Drellic. 
Drellic then grabbed him by his throat again and pressed him against to the ceiling; using the Starblood to slowly drain Callum of his life energy. Callum became disoriented and began losing feeling throughout his body. 
Do you still doubt me? Drellic asked him. Or can you now feel my power? 
After a few more seconds, Drellic released him. Callum got a hold of the hatch and gazed back into Drellics cold eyes. 
Do I now have your attention? Drellic asked. 
Yes, Callum whispered, as he struggled to catch his breath. 
Good. Now, as I was saying. This is my ship now. You will take me to Siren.
 Callum decided that it might be best to humor Drellic, rather than to further antagonize him. 
Siren. Yes, Callum said. Were going to take you to Siren. 
Good, replied Drellic. I must speak with my people before its too late. I refuse to waste any more time with you children. 
Youre right, said Callum. Weve already wasted enough of your time. Your people are anxious to see you. 
Drellic was then beginning to appear eager and optimistic, as he asked, So there were other survivors? 
Yes, of course, Callum stuttered. There were many survivors. Im sure they cant wait to see you. 
Drellic became overjoyed and teary eyed. Good, he said. Now return to your friends. Return to your friends and tell them that they have the honor of seeing Drellic returned to his nation.
Callum did his best to seem believable and replied, Dont worry. Ill make sure they know how important this is. 
He then cautiously opened the hatch and left the medical station. 
Close it behind you, Drellic ordered. Leave me in peace. 
Yes, sir, Callum awkwardly replied. He sealed the hatch behind him and saw the rest of the crew staring at him with worried expressions, from inside the passage way. 
What happened? Simone asked. Are you alright? What did he say to you?
Callum then approached Simone in a hostile manner and sternly replied, We need to talk.


Chapter Nine

January 1st 2028

A few hours after his encounter with Drellic, Callum sent Richard, Sophia and Max, to man their stations in the cockpit and proceed with the mission, as if everything were normal. He then demanded that Simone have a private discussion with him in the lifeboat compartment. 
Drellic had yet to leave the medical station, since his violent outburst, which gave Callum an opportunity to bring Simone down to the bottom compartment of the ship to get some answers. They stared at one another for a few minutes before a single word was uttered. 
Oddly enough, Simone was the one to break the silence. She felt herself outgrowing her own selfish reasons for remaining silent about the situation and decided to own up to her mistakes. 
Im sorry for everything, she began. Im sorry for this and Im sorry for leaving you. Theres just so much you dont understand. 
Just make it make sense, Callum replied. 
Simone paused, as a tear streamed down her face. 
Sometimes the only way to make things right, is to surrender to all the wrong that youve done, she said. The first thing I should tell you is that we didnt meet by accident. I was assigned to you. 
Assigned to me? What are you talking about? Callum asked. 
When we met, I told you that I was just a CIA intern, but I was already an active field agent, she said. I lied about my age. I was almost thirty, when we met. 
About a year before I was sent to you, I was called to Antarctica. A group of penguin biologists ended up making the most important scientific discovery in the history of mankind. A man fell through a patch of thin ice into a chasm and was killed. A few of his companions went in to retrieve his body and found something buried in the ice. 
What was it? Does it have something to do with him? Callum asked, as he pointed up in Drellics direction. Because if it doesnt Im really not interested. 
Just shut up and listen, Simone snapped. Buried beneath the ice, was a recording device of some kind. It was made of an unknown metal alloy and covered in strange markings that resembled hieroglyphics, but couldnt be identified by any historian. 
So what was it? Alien? Callum asked. 
Thats what we thought at first, Simone said. It was taken to a series of labs and studied for almost six years. No one could crack it. During that time, I was assigned to investigate you. 
Why me? asked Callum. 
You were becoming an ideal candidate to fly a series of missions around the world, to search for more of this technology, she answered. There was a theory that given the age of the device, there might be others scattered across the globe or even elsewhere in the solar system. We needed the perfect pilot that we could trust to lead the missions. 
Why couldnt you have just told me that? Callum asked. 
We wanted to know more about what we were dealing with before making anything official, Simone replied. Six years passed before they stumbled across a way to turn it on and interpret the data. In that time, I wasnt trying to fall in love. It just happened. 
Thats right, Callum angrily replied. Love has a tendency to do that. 
I can only imagine how much you hate me for what I did to you, but baby, I have to tell you. You wont believe what happened next, Simone said. 
Try me, said Callum. 
When they turned that thing on, they saw images of a beautiful world with massive cities and endless oceans. The technology and architecture was astounding. It was an extremely advanced culture, Simone began. 
So that thing was alien? Callum asked.
No, she said. It wasnt. There were humans living in those cities, Callum. The people who invented that recorder were human. But advanced carbon dating, suggested that the machine was older than this planet is supposed to be. Much older. 
So where did it come from? Callum asked. How were human beings living there, before this planet was even here? 
Thats what Im trying to tell you, Simone said. It didnt come from anywhere. The images on the recorder were of Earth a long time ago. We took mineral samples from the chasm in Antarctica and found more traces of the same unknown metal alloy and other elements that predate this world. 
In fact, the universe is supposed to be roughly thirteen billion years old, but the samples we took from our own backyard proved to be even older than that! 
Callums skepticism was growing, but he could see the sincerity in Simones eyes and decided to keep an open mind. How old? he asked. 
Fifteen billion years, give or take a few hundred thousand, Simone boasted. But thats crazy, Callum said. How can that thing be older than the universe? 
All it means, is that the world around us is much older than we thought, Simone replied. Something happened a long time ago that changed everything, the shape of existence. 
Like what? Whats your theory? Callum asked. 
Maybe he can tell us, Simone said, pointing in Drellics direction. 
What does he have to do with this? Callum asked. 
When we first heard the transmissions from Charon, we recognized the language, immediately. It was the language spoken throughout the world in the original human society. That man sitting upstairs, was also on the recordings. He was a leader of some kind called, Drellic. He lived in a city called Siren. Siren was also the name of the planet, Simone quickly replied.
Callum thought back to Drellics words in the medical station. Thats what he said, Callum whispered, as he thought aloud. He said, you will take me to Siren. But thats crazy. How could he still be alive? 
Something happened to him, Simone answered. At one point, Siren was invaded by another species. At least it appeared to be an invasion. The people were afraid. Drellic found something on board one of their ships that gave him incredible strength and speed. It also gave him life ever-lasting. The records spanned a century, and he was still alive and well; appearing to be in his late twenties. 
This is a dangerous man, Callum. I know you have no reason to believe anything Im saying, but I need you to trust me and not do anything to piss him off. 
This is the most far-fetched thing Ive ever heard, Callum said, as he started to laugh softly to himself. How did he get to Charon? How could he still be alive after all this time? None of this makes any sense. Right now, we have to focus on getting home, said Simone. Once we get back, youll have all the proof youll need. 
That sounds great in theory, but what are we going to do about him when we land? We cant even communicate with home. We have no idea what this guys going to do in the next five months, its going to take us to get back. Callum ranted. 
We just have to stay the course, Simone replied. Ive spent the last eight years searching for more of the old world, we never knew. We now have a living physical specimen from the original human society.  We cannot let this go to waste. 
Thats all thats ever mattered to you isnt it? Callum asked. Your job and your science. 
Simones eyes grew cold. Dont pretend to know me, she snarled. After everything Ive seen, I dont even know myself anymore.
Meanwhile in the medical station, Drellic was day dreaming of being reunited with his people. In his mind, only one thousand years had passed since his incarceration and he was expecting to return to something that resembled his memories of Siren. 
He had no idea as to the condition of the planet or the presence of the Architects, but he could vividly recall the beginning of the planetary bombardment, just before he was taken prisoner. 
His very last memory before waking up on Charon was of finding himself trapped in a large pocket of pulsating, scaly skin, aboard an Architect ship. 
He had been cornered by his enemies and blinded by a hot white light. The burning sensation was almost immediately followed by bitter cold. It was the beginning of the freezing process that later resulted in the forming of the ice world, he would call home for fifteen billion years. 
In all his time battling the Architects, he never once caught a glimpse of one. He only ever knew their incredible technology. Other than their ships and weapons, they were phantoms to him. Which made them all the more terrifying. 
Although he feared that his world had been completely destroyed, the crew of Hades gave him hope. Physically, they werent an ideal representation of humanity, but they were still human enough. He theorized that in the aftermath of the attack, the following generations of his people were born into a contaminated world, which would account for their physical appearance, but not for their primitive sounding language and odd mannerisms.
His questions consumed him. He longed for the truth, to the point of spending the last millennium living in a self-induced fantasy world; but the fantasy was finally coming to an end. 
Reality was cornering him, just as his ancient enemies had. It was proving to be the most brutal form of torture.

Meanwhile, Callum and Simone were continuing their conversation in the lifeboat compartment. 
So youre telling me that when we get home, this Drellic is going to be expecting a heros welcome? Callum asked. 
Despite his skepticism, Callum didnt see the harm in humoring the ideas that Simone was putting into his head. They were proving to be more believable than anything she had told him before, given their history. 
He has no idea what hes in for, Simone answered. The world he knew has been dead and gone for billions of years. Hell arrive on Earth. Hell see us for who we are and what we are. Hell walk out into the sunlight and see the face of a people he wont recognize, and hell have no idea why. 
What do you think hell do? Callum asked, after a long exhale. 
Thats why we have to fix the com system and warn them, Simone whispered, with a worried expression. If we dont figure out a way to contain him, hes going to kill a lot of people. You have no idea what hes capable of. That thing inside of him thats kept him alive all this time could potentially wipe out our entire race. 
Callums bitterness and contempt for Simone was becoming too powerful to withhold. 
And you let him on this ship? he began. You knew he was out there, just waiting for us to pick him up. You knew the whole time! You killed us! 
Simone was beginning to cry. Maybe, she sobbed. I just wanted to show the world something amazing and put my name on it. They said the risk would be minimal. When we found him, he seemed so weak. I thought... 
I dont care what you thought, Callum yelled over her. But Ill tell you one thing. You got us into this and youre getting us out of it. One way or another.

A few minutes later, they left the lifeboat compartment and made their way back towards the cockpit. Upon entering the sleep chamber, they noticed droplets of blood floating throughout the area. 
They followed the trail of blood to one of the sleeping bags. It was zipped up to the top, but there was clearly someone inside. Simone gasped, as Callum slowly unzipped the sleeping bag, to find Max. His throat had been slit. He was dead.


Chapter Ten

Sophia, Jack and Richard, quickly made their way into the sleep chamber, after hearing Simone screaming. Once there, they discovered Callum and Simone, hovering over Maxs body. 
What the fuck happened here? asked Jack. 
No one could answer him. The entire crew was in a state of shock and panic. 
Where is he? Callum asked Jack, referring to Drellic. 
Jack didnt answer. He just stared lifelessly at Max, who was still secured into his sleeping bag. He was only exposed from the neck up. Blood continued to trickle from his throat and clump together, as it floated into the compartment. Tears streamed down Sophias face as she held a towel to Maxs throat to stop the bleeding.
Did he fucking do this?! she screamed at Callum. 
Keep your voice down! Simone whispered. 
No! Sophia yelled. He fucking killed Max! This fuckers dead! she sobbed, as she pulled a long knife from a utility closet. 
Simone grabbed her, as she lunged for the tunnel passage, leading to the medical station. 
Let me go! she screamed. 
You dont understand! If you attack him youll die! Simone yelled back. 
Suddenly, a powerful rush of air, accompanied by a large dark blur, emerged from the tunnel passage. Sophia was forcefully pushed back against the far wall, and once she slammed into it, Drellic appeared in front of her with his hand around her throat. 
Your friend is wise to protect you from me, he said. 
Sophias face was turning bright red, as she gasped for air. 
Are you going to calm down now? he asked her. Or would you like another, more lethal demonstration of my strength? 
Sophia struggled to shake her head and beg for her life. Richard fearfully looked on, as Sophia was beginning to fall unconscious. His rage was apparent and Callum was giving him a look of disapproval, as if to say, dont do anything stupid. 
Richard simply ignored him and saw an opportunity to sneak quietly out of the room, while Drellic had his back to him. He made his way up through the tunnel passage and into the destroyed medical station. There, he opened up one of the cabinets and located a small metal syringe-like device, designed to administer a sedative, via injection. He grabbed it and turned around to head back to the lower deck. But before he could make it back to the tunnel passage, he was met by Drellic, who once again entered in the form of a fast moving blur. Drellic quickly got a hold of the sedative and pressed the device firmly against Richards neck. 
It seems to me that you need this more than I do, Drellic whispered, as Richard passed out. 

A few hours later, Richard awoke in the aft most compartment of the ship, where he had made love to Sophia, a few nights earlier. After his eyes adjusted, he saw that the rest of the crew had been placed in the room with him. The five of them were tied to one another with safety harnesses from the cockpit and were hovering just a few inches above the floor. 
Callum, Simone, Jack and Sophia were unconscious. Richard tried to get a hold of something, but was too weak to move a muscle. A minute or so later, the others began to wake up. 
Is everyone OK? Richard asked, as looked Sophia over. She was groggy like the others and had a rash around her neck, from Drellics grip. 
Im fine, she said reassuringly. 
Jack crawled towards the hatch. He attempted to open it, but found that it was locked from the outside. 
Are we locked in here? Simone asked. 
Looks that way, Callum answered. Looks like your boyfriends calling the shots now. 
Fuck you, Simone snapped. The others looked confused by Callums statement and Jack gave Simone a suspicious look. 
Whats he talking about, maam? he asked her. 
Go on. Tell them, Callum said to Simone. Tell them all about the shit storm you and Mandrake brought down on us. 
All eyes were now on Simone, as the tension in the room was becoming unbearable.
As Simone did her best to explain the situation to the rest of the crew, Drellic was studying the various control consoles in the ships cockpit. Although he had spent the last three months learning everything he could about the ship and its crew, he knew he would have a considerable amount of trouble getting to his destination on his own. He wanted so desperately to keep the crew confined until landing, but he also knew that if he ever wanted to see his home again, he would have to release at least two of his prisoners. 
As Drellic made his way to the locked rear compartment, Simone was being mercilessly badgered by the rest of the crew. Jack was leading the discussion. 
So after everything you saw, you still sent us out here to find this guy and bring him home with us? Jack asked Simone, with hostility. Let me tell you something. After everything Ive seen, you are delusional if you think were ever going to get back. 
Like Ive told you a thousand times, Simone began. We had every reason to assume he would no longer be a threat. His age, his mental state, his physical condition... 
Are all things you knew nothing about! Jack screamed. 
We had to try. We had to know, Simone insisted. How can you not see that? The fact that this man is still alive, is nothing short of a miracle. The things he can tell us about the past are invaluable. He was alive during a time period that according to modern science, couldnt have existed. We had to pursue this. 
And look where its gotten us, Callum said to Simone. One of us is dead. Were stuck out here at this guys mercy. You even said it yourself, Simone. You said that he could threaten our entire race, if hes allowed to land with us. 
So what are you saying now? Simone asked him. 
Its obvious that hes just as powerful now, as he was before he was locked up on Charon, Callum answered. He cant be allowed to land with us. We need to take him out. 
Richard scoffed. And how the hell do you propose we do that? he asked Callum. 
That underground structure on Charon told us a couple things, Callum answered. 
Thats right. Hes not invincible. He needs a pressurized environment with oxygen and normal temperatures. The same as we do, Jack said, as he nodded in agreement. 
We have to flush him out into space, said Callum. 
Thats ridiculous, Simone snapped. 
Do you have a better idea? Sophia asked her. 
Well, we cant just trick him into going into the airlock. Hes much too smart for that, Simone answered.  
There has to be a way, said Callum. 
Suddenly, the crew heard a loud clang, indicating that the hatch was being unlocked from the outside. Drellic slowly opened the hatch and glided into the room, with authority. He looked over the crew, to see that they were still tied up and mildly disoriented from the sedative. He then reached down towards Simone and untied her from the others. 
This one claims to be the leader, Drellic said to Simone, while pointing to Callum. But he seems to take orders from you, just as well as he leads. Youre coming with me. 
Drellic then untied Callum and said, And so are you. Drellic then motioned for Callum and Simone to leave the room ahead of him. After they exited, Drellic sealed and locked the hatch behind him, leaving Richard, Sophia and Jack, still trapped in the rear compartment. 
Drellic forced Callum and Simone into the cockpit and instructed them to assume their normal positions. 
Shes not the one you want, Callum said, referring to Simone. Shes not a pilot, an engineer or a technician of any kind. Shes of no use to you. 
Callum was doing his best to appear cold and decisive, but Drellic was all too aware of his feelings for Simone. 
I think shes exactly the one I want, Drellic said. Her presence ensures that you will do exactly what I say, when I say it. 
Drellic then grabbed Simone by the throat and squeezed with incredible force. Callum immediately panicked. 
Stop! he yelled. What do you want?! 
Drellic then promptly released her and allowed her to catch her breath. 
Thats what I thought, he said to Callum. 
Just tell me what you want, he pleaded. 
Drellic smiled and replied, I want to go home. 
Fine, Callum replied. Well take you home. Everythings going to be fine. 
I see youre still having trouble communicating with your superiors, Drellic boasted. 
It was you? You sabotaged the com system? Callum asked. 
I didnt care for your conversations, Drellic answered. They seemed disturbingly mindless, as did the people you were communicating with. I dont want you being distracted by those simpletons, any longer. The only person you need to be listening to is me. 
Callum looked back at Simone, who was still recovering from her near death experience, her long red hair covering her face, as she cried. She rubbed her neck, which was now bright red from Drellics hand, and looked into Callums eyes for some glimmer of hope. 
Its going to be alright, he said reassuringly, as he gave Drellic a respectful nod. We expect to arrive home in one hundred and fifty days, sir, he nervously told Drellic. 
Drellic laughed and replied, But to me that is a mere blink of an eye. 

Hades was about a month away from passing by Jupiter. There was still a long road ahead before reaching Earth, and although Drellic had his watchful eye on the crew at all times, a plan to remove him from the ship was already being set into motion. The crew later learned that Max had been murdered after he had eavesdropped on Callum and Simones private conversation about Drellics true identity. 
In a panic, Max had attempted to find Drellic and sedate him, just as Richard had. Drellic simply wasnt as forgiving with Max, as he had been with Richard. On January 4th 2028, Drellic gave the crew permission to load Maxs body into the airlock and send it out into space. No words were spoken on his behalf, as Drellic did not allow it. It was a powerful message that gave the five remaining crew members, a vivid idea of what was yet to come.


Chapter Eleven

May 1st, 2028

During the five months that Drellic was in complete control of Hades, the crew had become accustomed to many unpleasant things that summed up a rather discouraging daily routine. The most unpleasant of these rituals was sleeping in close proximity with him. Since Drellics body required no sleep or nourishment, he would watch over the crew as they slept every single night, for around one hundred and fifty nights. 
Drellic frowned upon the humans need for sleep, as he felt it was counterproductive. But he was also sympathetic to it because of his own need for sleep before the Architects had come into his life. 
The five crew members would be forced into the rear storage compartment and tied together with safety harnesses. Drellic would then wait outside the hatchway, until he was satisfied that everyone was asleep. He would then reenter the room and float above them, throughout the remainder of the night. They were of course aware of this, but didnt dare to speak or act against it. 
Since proclaiming his command, Drellic had taken a particular interest in Simone. It began with his enjoyment of controlling Callums actions by controlling hers, but it later developed into a strange attraction that he could not explain. He consistently mocked the newer generations of humanity without mercy, but still felt drawn to Simone for some unfathomable reason. It was just as disturbing to him as it was to her. 
The crew received one meal a day. Drellic didnt approve of any of the food that hed discovered aboard the ship, but made a daily selection of food items that he would deem to be the healthiest. A meal with Drellic would typically consist of very small portions of nuts, fruits and vegetables. It would last for five minutes to the second, before the crew was ordered back to resume their duties. 
Richard and Sophia had developed a very strong bond, despite their restricted living situation. Even a kind word or a smile from one another, would be enough to get them through the hardest of days. 
The ship was a mere day away from Earth, and food, fuel and oxygen supplies were running dangerously low. Morale was practically non-existent.
The only thing keeping everyones spirits up, was knowing that May 1st 2028, was the day they were going to attempt the impossible. With less than 24 hours, until they were scheduled to reenter the earths atmosphere, Callum and his shipmates were about to attempt flushing Drellic out into the vacuum of space. 
Over the past eight weeks, Sophia, Richard and Jack had been secretly rigging two makeshift explosives and had secured a safe passage way from the rear storage compartment, to the airlock, via the ships air vents. On the previous night, while Drellic was preoccupied in the cockpit, Jack, who was the only one small enough to make it through the vents, managed to secure one explosive to the inner door and one to the outer door. Callum and Richard were able to salvage parts of the ships com system, to rig a remote device to trigger the explosives.
Everything was in place. All the crew had to do, was lay down to rest for one more night with Drellic. As long as he followed his normal routine of sealing the hatch first, then reentering while everyone was pretending to sleep, they could blow the airlock while he was still standing outside the hatchway. 
The area of the ship leading from the rear storage compartment, to the lifeboat compartment, would be airtight for several minutes, before the effects of exposure to the outside, could tear through the sealed hatchways. The lifeboats themselves would burn up inside the earths atmosphere within seconds, but the lifeboat compartment was also home to a single escape pod, which all five crew members could fit inside. 
From the windows in the cockpit, Drellic could clearly see the earth and moon in the distance. 
Thats it, isnt it? he asked. I can feel it. 
Callum and Simone were once again alone in the cockpit with him. During the previous five months, Simone had been taught to become the ships acting co-pilot and had become rather proficient at it. She and Callum were sitting side by side, staring off into space at their home. 
Thats it, Callum said. 
So close, yet so far away, Simone added with a somber whisper. Simone then looked over at Callum with sad eyes and slowly reached for his hand. Drellic noticed her doing so and quickly ripped off her safety harness and pulled her from her seat, by her hair. 
Callum looked on in fear, as Drellic forced her to the other side of the cockpit. 
Ive told you how I feel about you doing that, Simone, Drellic scolded. 
Yes, I know, Simone gasped. Im sorry. Im so sorry. Itll never happen again. But look! she yelled, while pointing out the window. Youre almost home. You can help your people rebuild their society. 
Where are they?! Drellic screamed, at both her and Callum. 
Who? Callum asked, as Drellic had still not released Simone from his grasp. 
My enemies! The oppressors! They must be out here somewhere, Drellic insisted. 
Theyre not! Callum assured him. Theyre gone. I promise you that theyre gone! 
If this is a trick Drellic began, as he started to calm himself. 
No, this is not a trick! Callum shouted. Please let her go! Well be there soon. Just like we promised you.
Drellic then gazed into Simones fearful eyes and calmly released her. He could feel that his emotions were getting the best of him. He could feel himself falling in love with her, but could also feel his growing jealousy of Callum. He then softly ordered Simone to return to her station. 
Drellic knew that this wasnt the time for petty feelings. To him, this was a time for celebration. In fact, he was so happy to be so close to home that he left Callum and Simone alone in the cockpit, for the first time since he assumed command of the ship. 
Its finally happening tonight, Callum said to Simone, as he held on tightly to her hand. 
I want to see his fucking insides get torn out, she said with a sinister smile. 
After another hour of routine navigation updates and engine burns, the crew was ordered by Drellic to bed down for the night. It was finally time to put the plan into action. He forced the crew into the rear storage compartment and tied them down with harnesses, just as he had done every night for the last five months. He then turned off the lights and said, Tomorrow we make history and you should all be honored to be a part of it. 
No one said a word. Drellic just chuckled quietly to himself, as he left the room. And once he sealed and locked the hatch behind him, Jack reached into a cubby hole, behind him and pulled out the detonator for the explosives. The others anxiously looked on. 
Its now or never, Callum whispered. Take us home, Mr. Sanders. 
Jacks hands began to shake, as he nervously pressed down on the trigger. A few seconds passed and nothing happened. 
Are you kidding me right now? he asked, as he violently shook the detonator and mashed down on the trigger. 
You told us the connection was solid, Simone angrily whispered. 
It is! Jack insisted. 
Please tell me he didnt find it, said Richard. 
Sophia was now whimpering with fear, while rocking back and forth. Oh god. Oh god, she cried to herself. 
Finally after a few more tries, the bombs exploded in the airlock. A violent rush of air sent Drellic hurling towards the recently ruptured hull, and the ship was literally being pulled apart piece by piece, as debris was being violently sucked out into space. 
Drellic flew towards the huge gap in the ships hull at an incredible velocity, but was able to get a hold of a storage bin that had been secured to the floor. 
Meanwhile, the crew was making their way down through the ventilation system to the lifeboat compartment. They could hear the integrity of the walls around them being compromised. It would only be another minute or so before their area of the ship was breached. 
In a rushed, uncoordinated effort, the crew violently smashed into one another, as they continued to descend the ventilation shaft. Finally, they reached the lifeboat compartment and activated the escape pod. The sound of everything around them being sucked out into space was getting louder and louder. 
Then without warning, there was complete silence. The crew stopped what they were doing and looked around with confusion. A moment later, Drellic entered the room as a blur, then appeared before them. 
A valiant effort, he said, as he struggled to catch his breath. But you have all seriously underestimated me, if you thought it was going to be that easy. 
A few minutes later, Drellic forced the crew into the main corridor, which led to where the airlock used to be. They looked on in shock, upon discovering that Drellic had somehow patched the hull himself, using debris from the ship. Hades had lost a considerable amount of oxygen, but was once again fully pressurized. 
It seems to me that youve all just lost your sleep privileges, Drellic boasted. Also, you should be aware that there is no way this ship will be able to reenter the atmosphere intact, in its current condition. He then turned to Callum, smiled and said, While I shall remain unharmed, you and your crew are doomed to burn alive with your ship. 
The crew were struggling to breath and becoming very weak due to oxygen deprivation. Drellic grabbed the five of them with ease and placed them under his arms. He then carried them to the cockpit and placed them in their seats. 
I wouldnt want you to miss your own demise! he shouted. 
Callum could see the earth and moon getting much larger in the window. He could also see on his control console that Drellic had figured out how to place a failsafe on the ships autopilot. Due to the failsafe, Hades was irreversibly bound for Earth and would burn up in the atmosphere within seconds, leaving the omnipotent Drellic unscathed, as usual. 
Drellic had no problem leaving the crew behind in the cockpit, knowing they were slowly dying. But before exiting, he had a sudden change of heart. He decided that he would save Simone. 
Youre coming with me, he said, as he carried her with him back to the aft portion of the ship. 
Callum was devastated, as he watched her disappear into the bowels of the doomed vessel. He then felt Jack, who was seated next him at his usual station, tapping his arm. 
We can blow the whole thing, he said to Callum, while gasping for air. We can use the self-destruct. Drellic doesnt know about it. We can still stop him. 
Callum, Jack, Sophia and Richard, looked at one another with fear, but they all knew that they were out of options. Hades was drawing closer to the earths moon, which Callum saw as an opportunity, to use the ships self-destruct feature to cause it to crash into the Sea of Tranquility. 
By this time, the four of them realized that there was no way they were going to survive. They were prepared to make peace with themselves and do what was necessary to destroy Drellic. The only thing holding Callum back, was knowing that Drellic was surely planning to ride down to the earths surface in the escape pod with Simone. Realizing that there was a chance for Simones life to be spared, he did some quick thinking despite his deteriorating condition, and realized that there was still a way to save the entire crew.
Callum activated a small security monitor and saw Drellic carrying a frightened and fragile Simone into the ships lone escape pod. He looked on, as Drellic sealed the two of them inside to await reentry. 
We need our suits, said Callum. 
Those are probably long gone, Richard replied. He probably made sure to flush them. 
Besides, wed never make it, Jack added. Were going to be dead in minutes. Its over. 
Callum had a sudden rush of adrenaline and replied, No. Its not fucking over. 
Callum then slowly pushed himself out of his seat and through the cockpit. As he ventured further towards the rear of the ship and closer to the crudely patched section of hull, in the former airlock section, he found that it was getting easier for him to breath. He realized that all the remaining oxygen in the ship was rushing towards the damaged section. 
With what little energy he had left, he made his way to the EVA suit locker, just outside the damaged area and found that the six pressure suits were still intact, with full oxygen tanks. As he predicted, Drellics desire to revel in his victory had distracted him, leaving the crew with another chance at survival. 
Callum turned to see that Richard had followed him. Together, they carried the pressure suits to the cockpit and the crew was able to successfully secure themselves inside the suits; an abundance of oxygen flooding into their lungs. 
As the four of them slowly revived themselves, Jack and Callum were able to break through Drellics firewall and deactivate the ships auto-pilot, as well as the escape pod settings. They also cut the engines and fired the reverse thrusters, bringing the ship to a halt. 
A few moments later, Hades was in orbit around the earths moon, and Drellic would have no choice but to leave the escape pod and confront Callum, if he wanted to reach the earths surface. Callum attentively watched the monitor and saw that Drellic was intentionally leaving Simone behind in the escape pod, to avoid exposing her to the dangerously low oxygen levels. Drellic was officially making his way back towards the crew. 
Sophia, Richard and Jack were all staring at Callum, in anxiety; communicating via radio, from the EVA suits. 
If youre going to do something, you better do it right fucking now, Callum! Sophia screamed. 
Without any fear, Callum watched Drellic get dangerously close to the entrance to the cockpit, and tapped a key on his control console. It was a remote that caused the cockpit hatch to slam shut and lock. 
Are you an idiot? Thats not going to stop him! Jack yelled. 
Yes it will, he replied with confidence. 
Callum then hit another control, enabling him to communicate with Drellic on the ships intercom. 
Drellic, if you break down that hatch, we all die. I strongly suggest you stay where you are, Callum ordered. 
Drellic found an intercom panel next to the hatchway and replied, You lie. 
The hulls already buckling, as it is, Callum said. If theres any further damage to the ship, theres going to be another breach. I think you know that. Are you really going to risk not seeing your home again?
Drellic laughed, mocking Callums efforts. Youre just as dead as I am if you stay in there, he replied. 
We have enough oxygen in our suits for several hours. You dont have enough oxygen for several seconds, said Callum. We can circle this moon a few more times, before we all die. The crew looked at Callum with uncertainty. Drellic pondered the situation. 
What do you propose? he asked Callum. 
You can survive reentry. We cant, Callum replied. Give us the escape pod and well make sure this ship makes it to earth. No one else has to die. We can all go home. 
It wont work, Jack insisted. Even if he gives it to us, as soon as you open that hatch, were all dead. 
Hes running out of air, Callum whispered. He needs us to take the ship the rest of the way. Well stick him in a lifeboat. 
Callum then switched back to the intercom to speak to Drellic. Im going to watch you on the monitor, Callum said. Youve only got a few minutes of air left. But youre not getting back in that pod. Seal yourself inside one of the lifeboats. Once I see you do that, well set the auto pilot to return to earth and well take the escape pod. Then, we all go down together. 
Despite Drellics enhanced nature, he was beginning to strongly feel the effects of oxygen deprivation. He then lost all patience and responded to Callum. 
I agree to your terms, he said. Ill go down below and do as you ask. But rest assured, this is not our last encounter. 
Callum then released a sigh of relief and said, Trust me. Im looking forward to it, just as much as you are. 
Drellic then made his way down into the lifeboat compartment and sealed himself inside one of them. It was a tight fit, but he was relieved to be breathing normally again. 
Meanwhile in the cockpit, Callum had activated the auto destruct sequence. 
What the hell are you doing? Jack asked. 
The escape pod has twenty four hours of oxygen in its tank and can support the five of us for that long, Callum replied. Were getting out of here and leaving this son of a bitch to rot. 
But well never make it back! Sophia yelled. 
Yes we will, Callum replied. We cant communicate with home, but the pod has a homing beacon. It might take a while, but Darkside will eventually pick it up and recognize it. 
How do you know theyll even come for us? Richard asked Callum. 
I dont. But what choice do we have? Callum replied. 
The crew reluctantly made their way down into the lifeboat compartment. Drellic looked on from inside his lifeboat, as the crew entered the escape pod and joined Simone. The ship had become completely void of oxygen. 
Simone was beyond relieved to be rejoined by her shipmates. After taking a seat beside her, Callum sealed the pod, smiled at Simone and said, Were going home. 
A moment later, he activated the escape pod and programmed it to assume a standard orbit around the moon. Drellic saw that Callum was activating the pod and became frantic. 
No! he screamed. What are you doing?! Its too soon! Were not there yet! 
Callum smiled, as he saw Drellic coming to the realization that he had been fooled. Without further delay, he jettisoned the escape pod, breaching the hull in the lifeboat compartment. Drellic watched in horror, as the pod rocketed away from the rest of the ship. The only things keeping Drellics lifeboat secured to the floor, were two flimsy metal clamps. 
The escape pod then fell away from Hades and began orbiting the moon on its own. The crew shared somber expressions, as they watched the ship they had called home for the last sixteen months, be ripped apart by the vacuum of space. 
I cant believe you did it, Simone said to Callum, with a smile. The five of them became overjoyed, upon realizing that the worst was behind them. Jack then activated the pods homing beacon and the crew prepared for the long wait ahead. 
Six hours later, a retrieval ship from the International Space Station was dispatched by Darkside to intercept the Hades escape pod, in lunar orbit. The crew was then taken aboard the space station, which had been retrofitted with an artificial gravity system, dependent on rotating sections. 
Callum and the others were led into a secure wing of the station, which only members of Darkside had access to. They were seated in a white conference room, at a long black table. A few minutes later, Mandrake entered the room. The crew rose to their feet as he entered. 
As you were, he rasped, coldly. 
They then promptly returned to their seats, as Mandrake paced around the table and looked them over. 
Youve been out of contact for months, he sternly said to Simone. Now here you are, and I see youve brought the world a lovely souvenir from your trip. 
The mood became awkwardly tense, as Callum and the others looked around at one another with great confusion. Mandrake, however, remained fixated on Simone. The conversation was becoming hostile. 
You told me this couldnt happen, he said to her. You told me it was impossible. Simones heart began to break. She was more confused than anyone else in the room, but knew in her heart, what Mandrake was about to tell her. 
Sir, what are you talking about? The mission was a failure. The subject was incredibly powerful and had become violent and unpredictable. He murdered Max OBrien and tortured the rest of us for months. We had no choice but to scuttle the ship and leave him to die.
Mandrake maintained eye contact with Simone, as he sat down next to her. She could feel his rage dominated her. 
Left him to die? he asked. Is that what you think you did? 
Mandrake then laughed, sarcastically, and grabbed a touch screen remote control, off of the table. He tapped a few keys and brought an image up on a large flat screen monitor, at the far end of the room. He then turned his attention to the entire crew. 
Take a look at this and tell me Im looking at a ghost, he said with a smirk. 
Callum and the others watched attentively, as Mandrake showed them previously recorded video footage of Hades crashing into the Rocky Mountains. 
Thats impossible Callum said; his voice trailing off. 
Keep watching, Mandrake snickered. It gets better. 
Mandrake enhanced the image and zoomed in on the wreckage of the ship, which had become completely engulfed in flames. The crew looked on in horror, as a large piece of metallic debris from the ships hull was effortlessly thrown to the side by Drellic, who was revealed to be alive and well. 
Mandrake zoomed in on Drellics face. His eyes were full of hate, as he stood tall upon the mountainside and gazed out at the horizon. He stood in the middle of what looked like an ocean of fire, but remained steadfast. A split second later, he sped away, vanishing without a trace. 
Simone trembled with fear, as Callum turned to Mandrake. Where is he now? he asked him. 
We dont know, Mandrake replied. 
We should just stay here, Simone said with a look of complacency. She had become completely void of emotion and utterly consumed by shock. We should just stay here and let the world fend for itself, she said. Because he wont stop. The killing wont stop. Cant say I blame him though. 
Callum couldnt believe what he was hearing. What are you saying? he asked Simone. 
"His cruelty can only be matched by all that he has lost, she replied, with the same void expression and a soft monotone voice. It's easy to hate him. But it's even easier to sympathize with him. He's a very understandable monster."


PART TWO: BROKEN EARTH

Chapter Twelve

It had been three years, since Drellics arrival on Earth, and the survivors of the Hades mission were still holed up aboard the International Space Station. All communication with Earth had been terminated for over a year. 
The last radio transmission the ISS received from home, came in March of 2030. It was a gargled message from the current Prime Minister of Japan, who was in protective custody, inside the Darkside facility. 
Due to the static and violent sounds in the background, the residents of the ISS could only understand six words. 
Weve lost. Weve lost the planet, the Prime Minister had said.
That was the last time anyone heard a human voice from the planet below. It had also been nearly two years, since any electric lights on the surface had been seen from space. 

It wasnt long after Drellics arrival on Earth that the killing began. After Hades crashed into the Rocky Mountains, Drellic made his way to Denver, where he made a heartbreaking discovery. He stood on a hillside overlooking the city and was met by bitter confusion. He was expecting to find at least a trace of his former life, but was instead met with cities comprised of what he perceived to be primitive architecture. 
He hoped to encounter humans that more closely resembled the people of his time, but found them all to be small, weak and hopelessly self- absorbed. After spending a few hours cautiously observing from the outskirts of the city, he was satisfied that there was no alien presence on the planet. He knew that his enemies were gone and had been for some time. 
Drellics heightened senses detected the familiar smell of one of his great loves. It was the smell of the Pacific Ocean, which reminded him of Moya and the beaches of Siren. He used his incredible speed to propel himself west, until he reached the Pacific Beach in San Diego, California. 
It was almost nightfall when he arrived and the area was deserted. He took advantage of the situation and used the time to relax and collect his thoughts. Drellic sat on the warm sand, still draped in the tattered white cloth he had been wrapped in aboard Hades and watched the sun set. 
The ocean air made him feel more and more at home, as it caressed his lungs. Finally, the sun gave way to the night sky. It was a calm clear night and Drellic looked up to the stars, searching for familiar constellations. Astronomy had been another one of his passions in his former life. He knew a great deal about the planets, stars and constellations that were visible from Siren, depending on where you were standing and when. Unfortunately for Drellic, the only thing waiting for him in the night sky, was more confusion and disheartening truth. It was all alien to him. Every last celestial body that shined down upon him seemed out of place and was unrecognizable. He knew all too well, the amount of time it wouldve taken for the visible galaxy to have changed in this manner. 
Thinking back to his days aboard Hades, he remembered feeling the same uncomfortable, displaced sensation, when he had first heard the language of the crew, observed their uncivilized behavior and sampled their primitive technology. None of it ever felt right to him, but he refused to believe that his world had simply come and gone with time. 
Drellic looked up into the night sky once again, this time desperately searching for Tyrran, Sirens brother world. It was gone without a trace, but shouldve been clearly visible from any position on the planet, regardless of time of day. Billions of years ago, the elliptical orbital paths of Earth and Mars were much closer together, and the two worlds rarely strayed very far from one another, as they traveled around the sun. 
The bitter truth was becoming all too clear to Drellic. The calendar he had started etching into the walls with his bloodstained fingers, when he had first awakened within his prison on Charon, only accounted for roughly one thousand Siren years. However, the celestial events that mustve taken place to change the visible galaxy, mustve taken billions. 
At that moment, he knew his search for the truth was over. His world was long gone and a new one had taken its place. Even more so at the forefront of his mind, he knew that Callum and the others had lied to him. They had made him believe that there was still hope and that he would be greeted by a great army of loyal followers. He had allowed them to convince him that his people would remember his name, and show their undying gratitude for all he had done, while trying to save them. That realization alone, was enough to reawaken the monster that had always been within him, just waiting its next chance to strike. 
Upon relinquishing his belief in reentering the world he once knew, Drellics need for revenge devoured whatever good was still inside him. His hatred for the Architects, and even more so for Callum and Simone, drove him to reveal his power to the world in the most devastating of ways. 
He spent the next few months learning everything he could about his surroundings. He perfected the English language and also learned to speak Japanese, Spanish and French, fluently. Drellic then collected various fabrics and other materials, which he used to stitch together an appropriately sized uniform for himself. It was an outfit that closely resembled his official attire, from his days as a public servant. 
He sped across the United States in secret, dressed in all black overalls and large black leather boots. He wore the symbol of Siren and Tyrran on both shoulders; the symbol, being two circles, one gray and one white, representing both worlds. One partially eclipsed the other and the two closely bound planets, were surrounded by a white ring, surrounded by specks of stardust, representing a union between both societies. This ancient symbol, known worlds over, was referred to as, The Ringed Circles.

Months after his arrival, Drellic then turned his attention to Washington DC. He learned that the two most powerful nations on Earth at the time, were the United States and Japan. Knowing that the Prime Minister of Japan was scheduled to meet with the President of the United States at the White House in the fall of 2028, Drellic made sure to put himself in a position to eliminate both leaders with a single blow. He felt it would be the most effective way to get the undivided attention of the entire world. 
On the day of the Prime Ministers visit to the White House, Drellic had already burrowed his way underground and made himself a cubby hole beneath the house foundation. His heart raced, as he heard the Prime Ministers entourage of vehicles pulling up to the main entrance. 
Once he was satisfied that everyone was inside, he burst through the foundation and made his way up, pounding through floor after floor, and wall after wall, until he reached the diplomatic reception room. There he found the President, the Prime Minister, various other officials and members of the Secret Service. 
His violent entrance sent everyone in the room, crashing to the floor. Drellic stood tall over the present members of the Secret Service, as they drew their handguns and opened fire; their bullets merely bouncing off of Drellic like racket balls, killing most of the same men who had fired them. 
A press conference was already being assembled in the White House, for the purpose of broadcasting the announcement of a joint effort between the US and Japan, to capture Drellic. Ever since the Hades crash landing, Drellics face had been shown across the entire world. Reports of a mysterious giant with unfathomable speed and strength were starting to pour in from across the United States. 
Drellic had already killed everyone in the room aside from the President and Prime Minister. He was saving them for the spotlight. Carrying a world leader under each arm, he made his way to the press room and forced the news crews to broadcast a live execution of both men. Over two billion people watched the event, when it happened. The rest of the world was informed by the internet and the widespread panic that followed. 
The military stormed the White House in the coming hours, only to be met by an invincible Drellic, who mocked their efforts and threw soldiers and armored vehicles around like rag dolls. By the end of the day, the entire city was in chaos. Any who opposed Drellic, were met with a quick death. 
Once the resistance movement finally came to a halt, Drellic assumed control of the city and used the cease fire as an opportunity to broadcast his identity and intentions to the world. His face was on every television, phone and computer within minutes. Ironically, despite billions of years of waiting for his chance to reclaim his world, he had very little to say. 
The residents of the ISS, including the five survivors of the Hades mission, looked on, as Drellic addressed the people of Earth. 
My people, he began. I am Drellic. I know that none of you know who I am. You do not remember me. But I promise you, tonight begins an era that will ensure that I will never be forgotten again. Tonight begins a new world, a better world. You will hate me today, but you will love me in the tomorrows to come. It is time for the people of this planet to seize the future they deserve. You do not remember. But you were once a great people, and you will be again. Those who oppose me, will not live long enough to speak a single word of defiance. Those who stand with me, will take a special place in the new world. Choose well, my people. Choose well. 
Shortly after, the transmission ended and was replaced by static.
Callum, Simone, Jack, Richard and Sophia were mere days away from finally being released from the station, just before the executions took place. But after witnessing Drellics incredible power and merciless tactics, Earth was looked upon as a quarantined zone. Every available pilot on the station refused to fly down to the surface. Every available ship was heavily guarded and decommissioned. 
Mandrake had assumed command of the station and quickly decided that no one could be allowed to return to the surface, until their safety could be guaranteed. But three years after Drellics arrival, with food and water in short supply, and no way to ascertain the condition of the world below, Callum and Simone were assigned the grueling task of making a supply run to Earth. 

It was the morning of May 15th, 2031. Callum and Simone awoke, as the sun rose from behind the earth and shined brightly into their quarters. They were both lying naked beneath their sheets. Callum was holding Simone tightly in his arms, as he gently ran his fingers through her hair, comforting her. She slowly turned to face him and smiled. 
Another beautiful morning, she said, as she stared deeply into his eyes. 
It is as long as Im waking up to you, he said, as he lightly kissed her lips. 
Its time isnt it? she asked with a hint of worry. 
Its time, Callum confidently replied. And its now or never. Just like always. 
Simone looked away for a moment. Callum saw the fear in her eyes that she was desperately trying to hide. He kissed her on the forehead and held her close. 
I love you. Everythings going to be alright, he assured her. I love you too, and Im not so sure, she replied.
Callum and Simone had been husband and wife for six months. They had already begun to rekindle their relationship on their way back from Charon, but hadnt fully rediscovered their deep love for one another, until being trapped aboard ISS for nearly three years. 
They helped each other cope with the stress and loneliness of living in what had become a prison-like environment. Mandrake had implemented Marshal Law aboard ISS after the assassination of the American President and Japanese Prime Minister. There were 121 people living on ISS when the lock down took effect. There were now 127. 
Six children had been born aboard the station, since Drellics rise to power. The first humans beings born in space were thrust into a confined, metallic world, governed by the military, and the knowledge of being so close to home, but being unable to return to it, consumed everyone. What made matters even worse was knowing that their hometowns had either already been burned to the ground, or were perhaps next on the list. 
Hope eroded away, as the people spent more time out of contact with family and friends on Earth. Rumors of another resistance movement had reached the station, just before the planet went dark, but there were also rumors of a traitorous regime of Drellic followers, who were aiding Drellic in his conquest of the globe. The notion that people were defecting to Drellic was the most frightening of all. It was the idea that he wasnt only crippling mankind, but also turning brother against brother. 
Due to the unprecedented circumstances leading to the ISS lock down, the station only had three years worth of food and water, given its population of nearly 130. Power and oxygen were thankfully not a concern. The oxygen aboard the station was recycled via carbon dioxide scrubbers. The station was also primarily solar powered. 
There was a growing fear that Drellic would one day attack the station with either nuclear missiles or a spacecraft assault, but in three years, the only things the people of ISS observed, were widening darkness and deafening silence. 
Mandrake against his better judgment, decided that Callum, Simone, Jack, Richard and Sophia would be reunited for the supply run. Despite his misgivings, he knew that they were the most effective team at his disposal. The five of them would be joined by Lt. Tim Sirus and Lt. Jake Barns, who were not astronauts at all, but highly decorated sharp shooters. Their sole purpose was to provide cover for the team collecting and storing supplies for ISS. 
Callum and Simone dressed themselves in their old blue flight gear and reluctantly made their way to the hangar deck. Richard and Sophia were there to meet them. 
Are you ready for this? Callum asked Richard. 
He chuckled and replied, You know me. Im always ready to get my hands dirty. 
Sophia rolled her eyes at him, as Callum turned his attention to her. 
What about you? Callum asked. Ready to get back out there? 
Id be more worried about him, if I were you, she replied, as she looked over Callums shoulder. 
Callum turned around to see Jack enter the room. They smiled and shook hands, as they hadnt seen each other in a few months. 
Whereve you been hiding, Jack? Callum asked him. 
Ive just been waiting for another opportunity to watch you screw up, Jack replied. 
Sophia looked Jack over with uncertainty, as he was the smallest and most fragile one in the group. 
Im surprised youre back with us, she snickered. This isnt like before. Well be on the ground, exposed. Youre going to have to defend yourself. 
Jack just smiled and replied, Thats what theyre here for. 
The group turned to see Lt.s Sirus and Barns approaching them. They appeared awkward and uncomfortable in their flight suits. Tim and Jake naturally preferred to be covered in camouflage and in the company of their normal combat unit, and they looked over the former Hades crew with judgmental eyes. 
After an uncomfortable silence, Tim asked, Have any of you even handled an assault rifle before? 
No. But were fast learners, Simone snapped. 
Easy, Sirus, scolded Jake. These are the same people that lived in a tin can with Drellic for eight months. Im sure they can handle themselves. 
I just hope we dont run into too many sympathizers, Tim replied. 
Together with their two new rugged companions, Callum and his old crew boarded the state of the art stealth shuttle, which would be carrying them down into the warzone below. Moments later, the hangar deck was evacuated and depressurized. The massive metal doors beneath the shuttle then parted ways, allowing for the ship to begin its descent towards Earth. 
Callum looked up through the canopy from the pilots seat, as the hangar doors closed above them. It wasnt until those doors slammed shut that Callum realized he may not have been as eager to return to Earth, as he thought.

Chapter Thirteen

Shortly after Drellic used fear to take the entire city of Washington, DC hostage, he found that the loyalty of most humans to their way of life, was as easy for Drellic to break, as the flimsy walls of the White House. After a few months, Drellic had recruited nearly six thousand loyal soldiers, within the Washington city limits, alone. 
He preyed on those with the most to lose. He would offer protection for the families of potential able bodied followers, in exchange for their unwavering devotion to his cause. Once Drellic felt he could safely leave Washington in the hands of his army, he spent the next year traveling to every major city on Earth, gathering more recruits as he went and leaving more bodies and rubble in each citys wake. 
Upon reaching Sydney, Australia, he felt an overpowering wave of familiarity rush over him. The Blood of Aia boiled inside of him, upon his arrival in Sydney. Though the topography of the area had changed considerably over the eons, Drellic was convinced that Sydney, Australia was sitting on the same soil that Siren City once had. 
He took up a permanent residence in the famous Sydney Opera House and established a worldwide surveillance system, using flying automated drones of his design, allowing him to coordinate with his cells around the globe.
Driven by a desire to see Siren architecture again, he used his Australian army to burn the entire city of Sydney to the ground. Every structure aside from the Opera House, was burnt to a cinder. Drellic decided to keep the Opera House as it was, as it was the only building in the entire city, he approved of; realizing that it bared a striking resemblance to one of Siren Citys amphitheaters. 
In exchange for their cooperation, his followers and their families were the only people in the area supplied with food, water and health care. It was the same throughout the rest of the world. If you werent aligned with Drellics forces, you were either killed or you died, due to starvation and disease. 

On the night of May 16th 2031, Drellic stood alone on an outdoor balcony, overlooking the decimated city. He attentively observed, as construction crews were continuing to work through the night, to essentially recreate the famous landmarks of Siren. Drellics obsession with the architecture of his home, allowed for him to give detailed schematics and instructions to his workers.
He was growing more and more unstable by the day. His insatiable desire to erase the memory of losing his former life, by recreating it on Modern Earth, was both a remedy for his inner turmoil, as well as a plague to his sanity. 
He gazed out at the ravaged city skyline, dimly lit by spotlights, used by the construction workers, and felt an incredible sense of loneliness and hopelessness. He was beginning to come to his senses, by realizing that his time had come and gone.  
"These are not my people, he said to himself. I suffered through an eternity in solitude, only to be surrounded by pathetic impostors. 
His better nature eventually succumbed to his destructive vengeful nature, which had always been his stronger side. 
This world is broken, he said. Now it's time to cleanse its wounds."
With those last few words, came a sharp pain in his mind. It was a Starblood induced vision of something strongly connected to him. As he clenched and raised his hands to his face, to ease the pain, his minds eye saw Simones face. The image of her face sliced through his entire body, like the sharpest blade. It was indescribable.
Once the pain subsided, he knew what the experience meant. He had always known of the ISS and its inhabitants. He also knew that ISS had been home to Callum and Simone, but was far too fixated on his conquest of the earth to bother with them. 
It wasnt until he felt Simones presence, for the first time in three years that his hatred for her and Callum had returned to the forefront of his mind. Drellics personal vendetta against them had just become his primary focus, again.

The stealth technology used by the ISS shuttle was useless against Drellics surveillance network. He dispatched a reconnaissance team to Houston, Texas; the predetermined landing site for the supply shuttle. By the time Callums team landed on the outskirts of the city, Drellics forces were there waiting for them. 
Drellic also thought it would be more appropriate, if he were to make the apprehension himself. Since he didnt wish to disappoint his old acquaintances, he vanished in a burst of energy and sped off to Houston, moving across the Pacific Ocean so quickly, it felt like solid ground. He arrived four minutes later, long before his reconnaissance people arrived.

Meanwhile, aboard the supply shuttle, Callum and Simone had just cleared the earths outer atmosphere and were seeing the surface of the planet in detail, for the first time in three years. As they drew closer to downtown Houston, the team looked on in horror, at the sight of toppled over skyscrapers, endless debris, and a thick cloud cover, which rained ashes over the once prideful American city. The sun was beginning to rise, as they prepared to touch down in a foggy clearing.
Welcome back to hell, Jack said, sarcastically.
What a fucking nightmare, Richard added.
Sophia became teary eyed, as she stared out the window at an unrecognizable Sam Houston Park. She was more so fixated on the piles of wood and glass next to it, which was all that remained of the surrounding residential neighborhoods. 
Its going to be OK, Richard assured her, as he put his arm around her. 
Sophia just pointed out the window and said, You see that hole in the ground with the split roof? 
Everyone stared out at a caved in house that looked as though it had been stepped on by a giant. 
Thats the house I grew up in, Sophia muttered. 
Dont worry, said Callum. When this is all over, children are going to be able to call this a home again. 
I think the scariest thing, is seeing your home for the first time in years and not recognizing it, Sophia replied. I dont want to be here. 
I second that, said Jack. 
He then looked over at Callum and asked, What do you think? Just in and out right? Piece of cake? 
Callum just rolled his eyes and sarcastically replied, Oh, yeah. Piece a cake. 

All was quiet, as the ship touched down in the park. The crew had waited inside the ship all day, scanning the area for signs of the enemy and had found nothing of consequence. Night had fallen and the area surrounding the ship was nearly pitch black.  
Are you sure were in the right place, maam? Jake Barns asked Simone. 
Just before we lost contact with the resistance, we received word, there was a supply bunker beneath this park. It was meant for us. We just have no way of knowing if its still here, Simone answered. 
Fan-fucking-tastic, Tim sighed. 
Just shut your fuckin mouth and keep that rifle handy, Jake yelled to him. 
The two lieutenants loaded their assault rifles and then signaled to Callum to open the side hatch. Jake and Tim were the first out of the ship. They made the small jump from the hatchway to the ground and strategically went off in opposite directions, with their weapons drawn. The rest of the crew followed cautiously behind them. Jack was assigned to stay behind and watch over the ship. 
Something about this seems a little too familiar, he sarcastically said to Callum. 
Just sit tight buddy. Well be back before you know it. 
Suddenly, Sophia began sobbing, loudly. Simones eyes widened, as she gave Sophia a hostile glare. 
Shut up! Simone whispered. 
Drellics people probably saw us come down. The cover of darkness is the only thing we have going for us right now, Callum added. 
Richard walked over to Sophia and held her. Just relax baby, he whispered. 
No! she screamed. I dont want to be here! I want to go back! Everythings gone! Everythings fucked!
As she continued to scream and cry, the lieutenants promptly walked over to her and pointed their rifles at her. Richard was shocked and backed away from Sophia.  He then realized what was happening and stepped back in front of her. 
Sir, please move, ordered Jake. 
We dont want to do this, Tim added, quietly. But we have orders to kill anyone that jeopardizes this mission. That includes members of this crew. 
Sophia then grabbed Richard and began convulsing, as she continued to cry harder and harder. 
Just take me back up there! she screamed into the night. I dont want to see this anymore! 
Simone grabbed Callums arm and whispered, You have to get her back on board. Theyll kill her if you dont. 
Callum then quickly ran to Sophia and grabbed her, covering her mouth. Dont shoot, he whispered. We can leave her on the shuttle. She doesnt have to die. 
Just do it fast, Tim whispered, as the lieutenants lowered their weapons. Callum then dragged Sophia, kicking and screaming, back on to the ship. He was tightly covering her mouth the entire time. 
Jack spun around to see Callum dragging Sophia back through the hatchway. 
What the hell is going on? What are you doing? he asked Callum. 
Just keep her here and keep her calm. Well be back, Callum said quickly, as he left the ship and closed the hatch behind him. 
Sophia ran to Jack and begged him to take her back up to ISS. Jack pleaded with her to remain calm but it was no use. She was having a nervous breakdown and there was no stopping it. 
Later, as the team outside the ship, continued towards the bunker coordinates, they could hear Sophias whimpering from inside the cabin, along with a persistent banging, as she pounded her fists against the locked hatch.  
That bitch is going to get us all killed, Jake muttered. 
Dont fucking talk about her that way, Richard snapped. 

The crew had reached the end of the dark clearing and were walking into a lightly wooded area. Jake and Tim expertly checked around the massive tree trunks and zoomed in on the tree tops, with their night vision goggles. At that moment, the crew heard a quiet whistling sound in the distance that was getting louder and louder, with the passing seconds. 
Jake and Tim aimed their rifles at the night sky, in the direction of the sound. The unknown source of the noise was moving quickly and getting closer to their location. Simone looked at Callum who had his eyes fixated on the sky. 
What is it? she asked him. 
Oh my god he whispered, as his voice trailed off. 
Everyone followed Callums gaze, to see two long trails of white flame streaking through the sky. They were heat seeking missiles. The team looked on, as the streaks passed over them and struck the supply shuttle, with Jack and Sophia still inside. Afterwards, a fiery crater of metallic rubble was resting where the ship had once stood. Consequently, the survivors were stranded on the surface, as their enemies closed in around them.
Richard screamed in agony, knowing that Sophia was gone forever. He struggled to run towards the wreckage, but was held back by the two lieutenants. 
Sophia! he screamed, as he broke free and headed back towards the rising flames. 
Callum tackled him to the ground, as Simone looked on in horror. 
Shes gone! Callum screamed. Theyre both gone! You cant save her! Youll just burn to death! 
Callum then backed away from Richard, as he fell to his knees. Richard pounded his fists against the ground, continuing to weep. A moment later, the team was surrounded by heavily armed militants, wearing black jumpsuits and night vision equipped head gear. 
Callum and the others were then suddenly, covered from head to toe with red targeting dots, from laser guides, atop the assault rifles of the new arrivals. One of the enemy soldiers ordered the group to get down on their knees and surrender their weapons. They reluctantly did so, as Jake and Tim tossed their rifles to the side. 
Callum noticed Simones expression of sheer terror, as she watched the enemy soldiers move aside, clearing a path for a much taller figure coming out from the shadows behind them. A combat helicopter appeared overhead and shined a bright spotlight down on the group. It was unquestionably the source of the missiles that had destroyed the shuttle and killed Jack and Sophia. 
Callum, Simone and Richard remained fixated on the approaching figure. A moment later, Drellic stepped into the light and gave a sinister smile to his prisoners. He calmly approached Callum, tightly gripped him by his throat and lifted him off the ground. 
Callum, my friend. Did you miss me? he asked. Drellic then abruptly released him, allowing him to fall to the ground. He coughed and gagged as Drellic then turned his attention to Simone. 
She trembled with fear, as he approached her. He then fell to one knee and lightly caressed her face, wiping away her tears. 
I was hoping Id see you again, he said with a smile. Youve been occupying my mind, a lot lately. You and I have a great deal to discuss. 
Callum and Richard angrily kept their eyes on Drellic, as he caressed Simones face with one hand and brushed her hair with the other. 
You dont know how hard its been, Drellic said. I have enslaved billions of your people and recruited millions to help me better this world, but even after I had burned down the last settlement on this planet, I still felt this overwhelming sense ofnothing. 
You feel nothing because you know that things will never again be as they were, Simone stuttered. This place will never be the world you want it to be, she continued. You cant win genuine favor at the point of a gun. Most people arent as weak as they seem. One day youll have to kill us all and youll just end up being alone again.
Drellic laughed to himself, mocking Simones attempt to sway his judgment. He then turned his attention to Callum, Richard and the two lieutenants. He signaled to one of his soldiers and then pointed to Jack and Tim. The soldier fired two rounds into each of their heads, killing them instantly. Callum and Richard became erratic for a moment, but were forced back onto their knees by another one of Drellics officers. 
Drellic then walked over to Callum and Richard, while a few of his men kept a watchful eye on Simone. He then dropped to one knee to become eye level with Callum. 
I know how much you love her, Drellic said, as he glanced over at Simone. Thats what I remember the most about you; your unwillingness to do all that was necessary to destroy me, because of your need to save the lives of your friends, especially her. 
Youd be amazed at how many of us wouldve done the same, Callum replied. You may think were inadequate as a species, but I think our compassion makes us better than you. More importantly, I think thats the thing you fear most. Thats what I remember the most about you. I remember your cold emptiness. You dont even remember love do you? 

Callums last few words, caused Drellics mind to drift back to his life with Moya, billions of years before. But Drellic quickly dismissed the rush of emotions and returned his attention to Callum, giving him a sadistic smile. 
You think your emotions make you a better being? he asked. Id very much like to see those emotions tested, in a way theyve never been tested before. 
Drellic then calmly rose to his feet and walked back to Simone. He looked down at her and with a cold gaze of longing and said, After a long while, I finally realized what I was missing. 
Simone wiped the tears from her face, cleared her throat and bitterly asked Drellic what he meant by that. I was just thinking, Drellic began. I still dont have someone to share this world with. 
Callum was only able to make eye contact with Simone one last time, before Drellic rushed over to him and punched him in his face without warning, knocking him unconscious. A few hours later, as the sun was rising over Sam Houston Park, Callum awoke, to see Richard sitting beside him. They both had nearly identical scars and bruising on their foreheads from Drellics fist. 
Richard was staring off into space with an expression of complacency, as Callum struggled to sit up. Callum tried speaking to Richard, but could get no response from him. After violently smacking his arm, Richard finally turned his head to look at Callum. His eyes were still empty. 
Shes gone, Richard said, in a detached tone. Callum struggled to focus on his surroundings, then finally realized what Richard had meant. He sprang up onto his feet and frantically searched the devastated park, only to find the bodies of Tim Sirus and Jake Barns. Simone had been taken during the night.


Chapter Fourteen

That same morning, Mandrake was sitting in his office aboard ISS, sipping coffee from a mug, when he felt a strange tremor, coursing its way through the hull of the station. He turned around, to face his massive window, which had an amazing view of the sun setting behind the earth. 
All was quiet for a few moments, until a powerful rumbling, violently began to shake the entire station. The glass, separating Mandrake from the vacuum of space, began to shake and slightly crack. Confused and frightened, Mandrake slowly stepped backwards, away from the window and tripped over his desk, sending him falling to the floor. His coffee mug shattered beside him and scolding hot coffee burned his hand, as he discovered a group of seven Intercontinental Ballistic Missiles, heading right for ISS. 
Callum, you need to kill this fucker, he said to himself, as the missiles made contact with the station, obliterating it along with its remaining residents. 
Callum and Richard saw the blast overhead, as they cautiously navigated the demolished streets of Houston, Texas. 
Was that what I think it was? asked Richard. 
Fuckers just took out ISS, Callum replied, as he came to a stop. Theyre all dead, he cried, as he whirled around to face Richard. Every last human being that was freeis now dead. 
Callum picked up a brick, off of the ground and threw it at a department store window, shattering it. Richard then became frantic and grabbed Callum. 
Are you fucking crazy? he whispered. Someone probably heard that. We dont know whos around. 
A second later, they were assaulted by rapid machine gun fire from across the street. Callum and Richard dove through the broken front window of the department store and took shelter behind some crude metal shelving. The gun fire continued for several more seconds. Afterwards, Callum and Richard could hear approaching footsteps and then the sound of three or four men entering the shop. 
Callum spotted an open back door, leading to an alleyway behind the store. He motioned for Richard to follow him, but as soon as they started crawling for the exit, a tall muscular Hispanic man, dressed in a black leather vest and ripped blue jeans, entered through the back door and pointed a rusty pistol at Callums face. 
Levantarse, he ordered, as his companions closed in behind Callum and Richard, with assorted rifles and pistols drawn. 
Callum expressed confusion and replied, What? 
That means get on your fucking feet, pendejo, the man replied. 
Callum and Richard slowly rose to their feet, allowing for their attackers to see the NASA logo on their flight suits. 
NASA? asked the man in the black vest, with confusion. Youve got thirty seconds to tell me who you are and what the fuck youre doing here. 
Were with the government, Richard hastily replied. 
The real government, Callum added. Were not with Drellic. We were sent here from the International Space Station to get food and supplies. 
Sounds like bullshit to me, the man replied. Didnt you see the fireworks just now? All those people are dead, hombre. 
He then pressed his filthy, rusty gun barrel to Callums chin and added, And I think you killed them. 
We didnt, Callum insisted. 
Those were our people, said Richard. Drellic killed them. We only just got here. We set down in the park last night. 
Which park?! the man demanded. 
Sam Houston, Callum quickly answered. We can take you there. We can show you our ship and the bodies of four of the officers we came down with, that Drellic murdered last night. 
Suddenly the mans eyes widened and he appeared more anxious than ever. 
Drellic? He was here? he queried. 
Just last night, Callum said. 
In the park, Richard added. Theres an underground supply shelter there too. We can show you. 
After Callum and Richard were finally able to convince their attackers to let them live for the time being, the man in the black vest identified himself as Skulls. His three companions were called, Bloodhound, Duster and Mary-Axe. They had agreed amongst themselves that in their new, unrecognizable world without their families, their birth names had lost their meaning. 
Bloodhound was an older, tall and scrawny white man, with an impeccable aim and love for the Cowboy lifestyle. He wore a black Cowboy hat, which he never took off, and had an almost undiscernible southern accent. Duster was a shorter African American man, who was good with a rifle, but fancied grenades more than anything else. He had become notorious for blowing the enemy to dust with a flick of his wrist. Mary-Axe was an attractive Hispanic woman, in her late twenties, who wielded an old fashioned pistol, but was even deadlier with the axe she had strapped to her back. She also wore two long sharp knives around her waist at all times, one holstered on each hip. 
The four of them walked behind Callum and Richard with watchful eyes. 
Are you all that remains of the resistance in this area? Callum asked Skulls. 
Fuck you, homie, Skulls replied. You dont get to ask questions, until after we verify your story. If we get to the park and theres nothing there backing you up, my boy Duster will shove all his grenades down your throats one by one. 
Callum and Richard turned to see Duster, playfully juggling three grenades without paying them the slightest bit of attention. 
Minutes later, the six of them reached the park and stood over the remains of Tim Sirus and Jake Barns. Callum and Richard then led Skulls and his companions to the wreckage of the ISS supply shuttle. 
This was our ship, Callum explained to Skulls. If you let me go down there, I can probably find the flight recorder. If its still intact, it can prove everything. 
Richard scanned the wreckage for a moment, then found Sophias body, which had become exposed by daylight, beneath a metal beam. Her neck was pinned by the beam; her eyes wide open and covered in droplets of blood, from a large gash in her forehead. Without thinking, Richard darted down towards her. 
Where the fuck do you think youre going?! Skulls screamed at Richard. 
Richard quickly turned to see four guns pointed at his head. 
Just let me go down to her, Richard pleaded, as tears streamed down his face. Please. I loved her. Just let me say goodbye. Ill get the flight recorder. 
Just come back up here for a second, man, Callum said to Richard. 
No one told you, you could talk! Mary-Axe screamed at Callum, as she put a knife to his throat. 
Richard paused for a moment, then turned back towards Sophias body and continued to descend into the wreckage. 
You know what? I dont fucking care, he said, as he wept. Just fucking shoot me, if you want. I dont care. But Im saying goodbye to her.
Bloodhound aimed his rifle at Richards head, but Skulls grabbed it by the barrel and pulled it back. 
Just wait a minute, Skulls whispered to Bloodhound. Theres something not right here. 
Skulls carefully watched over Richard, as he knelt down besides Sophias mangled body. Callum stared down at him, also in tears, Mary-Axes knife still pressed firmly against his throat. 
I love you, Richard whispered, as he gently touched Sophias face and closed her eyes. 
You! Skulls yelled to Callum. Go down there and help him look for the recorder. 
Its ok. You can let him go, he then said to Mary. 
Mary reluctantly released Callum and allowed him to follow Richard into the wreckage. Skulls then approached Mary and whispered, If these hombres were really working for the Big Man, they wouldnt be risking their lives to say goodbye to that woman. 
How can you be so naive? Mary scolded. You of all people should know that no one who goes to Drellic, comes back the same. They are playing us. As soon as we let our guard down, theyre going to give away our location and get us killed. 
They say Drellic can take a mans soul, Duster began. And twist itThen make it his fucking puppet. You cant trust these fucks. If they cant prove who they are, then they can eat shit. 
We found it! Callum called up to them. We found the recorder. Its badly damaged but the hard drive is fine. We just need to hook it up to speakers and a monitor. 
We cant waste any more time with them, Mary insisted. We need to end them now. 
No! yelled Skulls. Im telling you, somethings not right about these two. Theyre not like the others. I know what the fuck Im talking about. Bring them along, he then called to Bloodhound and Duster, as Mary scoffed in disapproval. 
The group searched and searched for the supposed underground supply bunker, and found nothing but a mound of dirt, ripped food wrappers and smashed electronics, sitting on top of where it had once been. It looked as though it had been raided and destroyed months earlier, meaning that the entire operation had been for nothing.

That night, Callum and Richard were brought into the basement of an abandoned apartment building. The basement was fitted with crude lighting and miscellaneous electronics. The flight recorder hard drive from the ISS supply shuttle was hooked up to an old laptop computer from the 2000s, and was viewed by Skulls and his companions. 
They observed, from the departure of the shuttle from ISS, to the landing in Houston Park. Richard looked away as Sophias panic attack came up on the monitor. Skulls and Mary listened to a few seconds of Sophia begging to be brought back to the station, before finally turning off the recording. 
Weve seen enough, Skulls said. Put your guns down, he ordered. 
Bloodhound, Duster and Mary set their guns down and an awkward silence fell over the room. 
So what happens now? Callum asked. 
Skulls pondered the situation for a moment. You say Drellics got your wife? he asked Callum. 
He does. He took her last night, Callum answered. 
Why would he take her and leave you two alive? That doesnt sound like him, Skulls said. 
That sounds personal, Bloodhound added. Drellic doesnt do personal. 
Callum and Richard had no choice but to start at the beginning, and explain how they had first come into contact with Drellic. 
Are you telling me that you brought that fucker here? Skulls asked Callum, in a hostile tone. 
Yes, we did. All of us, Callum hesitantly answered. 
Mother fucker! Mary screamed, as she quickly wielded her axe and kicked Callums legs out from under him. 
She then stood over him with her foot pressed firmly into his chest, and the blade of her axe, inches from his face. Bloodhound and Duster kept their guns pointed at Richard, while Skulls joined Mary and stood over Callum. 
So, this is all your fucking fault then? Skulls asked, in a distraught manner. Did you really do this? Skulls then got down on his knees and pressed his nose against Callums brow. Did you do this? he asked again. Did you kill the fucking world?! Did you?! 
He then jumped to his feet, grabbed his gun and pressed it against the side of Callums head, as Mary still had her axe just barely touching the tip of his nose. 
We didnt know! Richard screamed. They lied to us! They told us it was a rescue mission. So when we got there and found him, we didnt fucking know any better! 
Listen to this fucker, spitting out more bullshit, said Duster, as he chuckled softly to himself. 
Its not bullshit! Callum screamed. They wanted to study him! They thought he was just going to be a vegetable, when we found him. But he woke up, took over our ship and tortured us for months! He was playing us for months and the only reason any of us survived, was because he needed us to get him here! 
And you did a fantastic job getting him here, didnt you?! Mary yelled. 
Look at yourselves! Richard screamed. Look at what youre doing! Someones going to hear this! If you people dont fucking calm down right now, were all dead! 
Thats where youre wrong, son, Bloodhound said, as he pressed his rifle against Richards forehead. The only people dying tonight is you two poor saps. 
Holy shit, Callum said to himself. Thats why he did it. Thats why he let us go. 
What? Mary asked. What the fuck are you saying now, you piece of shit? 
It was to draw you out in the open! Callum yelled to Skulls, from beneath the barrel of his gun. Hes been looking for you four, hasnt he?! 
Skulls eyes widened, as he slowly backed away from Callum. 
Mary then turned to him and yelled, For shit sake, not again! Are you really listening to this?! 
Listen, Callum began. We have to get out of here, right But before Callum could finish, a series of loud, abrupt explosions were heard all around the building. 
A group of Drellics surveillance drones that had been following Callum and Richard all day, were decimating the apartment building, floor by floor. Dirt and rubble began piling into the basement, as the entire structure was caving in above them. 
Two of the drones eventually made their way into the basement and began shooting blasts of hot, white radiated energy at the group. The drones were small, fast moving metallic orbs that fired their deadly energy bursts from a gleaming blue eye, at their center. 
The group scattered, and after missing their targets several times, one of the drones blasted a hole in a far wall, creating a small opening to the outside. Duster, Callum and Richard darted towards the opening, as Duster unleashed his assortment of grenades, which he had been wearing around his waist, upon the drones. He pulled pin after pin and threw grenade after grenade, in a seamless fashion, but the drones were simply too fast for him. 
Skulls was huddled with Mary behind a heavy wooden bookshelf. 
We have to blow it, he whispered to her. We knew wed have to one day. 
We can still save some of the data, she replied. 
No, we cant, said Skulls. You know what we have to do. We have to trap these fuckers in here and blow this place. 
Skulls pulled Mary in close to him and passionately kissed her, before allowing her to make her way to the far end of the room. The drones continued firing fast continuous bursts at their human prey. Skulls then looked on, as Duster, Callum and Richard made their escape to the outside. 
There were a total of four drones in the building, all of which were now in the basement. Skulls made it to a corner of the room, opposite from Mary. There was a small detonator hooked up to a long cable at both ends of the room. Skulls and Mary had to push down on their detonators, simultaneously, in order to arm the stockpile of C-4, hidden beneath the basement floor. 
A moment after reaching their controls, Mary and Skulls witnessed Bloodhound being sliced cleanly in half at his mid-section, by an energy burst. 
You fuckers! Skulls screamed, drawing the attention of all four drones. He retreated into a stone crawl space and gave Mary a wide eyed glare, as the drones proceeded to open fire on him. 
He nodded to her, giving her the signal to push her button. Together, they successfully armed the C-4 stockpile. A red digital timer set for sixty seconds, gleamed from the explosive packaging beneath the basement floor. 
Now lets get the fuck out of here! Skulls screamed. 
He quickly ran to Mary, while drawing the drones fire and grabbed her by the arm, pulling her towards the opening to the outside. They managed to crawl through the hole, leading to a field next to the apartment building, after taking one last look at Bloodhounds body. 
Callum, Richard and Duster were hiding in some bushes, waiting for them. Skulls spotted them and shouted, Run mother fuckers! This place is about to light up like the god damned Fourth of July! 
Together, the five of them ran into the night, as quickly as they could. Once they got to the edge of the field, Skulls abruptly stopped and turned, causing the others to do the same. The building was then engulfed by a brilliant explosion that sent pieces of wood and brick soaring into the night air, for miles. 
Do you think any drones made it out? Duster asked Skulls. What do you say we dont stick around to find out? Skulls replied. They then continued to flee the scene, into the early hours of the morning.


Chapter Fifteen

Simone awoke two mornings after her abduction, after being heavily sedated by Drellics forces. When she opened her eyes, she found herself lying in a bed and dressed in a white, sleeveless, silk night gown, beneath a thick, white heirloom quilt. 
Her first instinct was to thrash about and demand answers, but she was barely able to move. She slowly sat up and looked around the room. The walls were also white, as was the carpeting. A glass vase was sitting on a nightstand beside her, with a single red rose inside. She couldnt tell if it was morning or evening, but the sun was barely coming through the thin white curtains, which separated her bedroom from an outdoor balcony. 
She struggled to get to her feet and then staggered towards the curtains, as they lightly fluttered in the soft breeze. Upon moving the curtains aside and stepping out onto the balcony, she observed an endless sea of construction workers and vehicles, working to rebuild the destroyed city of Sydney, Australia, in the image of a long dead world. 
Confused and disheartened, she retreated back into the bedroom and walked slowly to the door. She found that the more she moved, the easier movement became. She could feel her limbs loosening up, as she opened the door and entered a long white hallway, with red carpeting and elaborate glass chandeliers, running along the ceiling. 
She found a spiral staircase leading downstairs, down the hall on her left. As she came closer to the staircase, she could hear soft, somber piano playing in the distance. Aside from the sound of the piano, she appeared to be completely alone in the building. She feared for her life, but also knew that if Drellic had wanted her dead, she wouldve been so for a long time. She also knew that her only chance at survival, would be to confront him. 
Simone hesitantly, but alertly, descended the staircase and found herself in a large, elegant ballroom, with white walls and a hard wooden floor. Simone then spotted Drellic in the far corner of the room, seated at a grand piano. 
He sensed her presence and stopped playing, as soon as she entered the room. Ironically, his heart was beating just as fast as hers. He turned to face her, then slowly rose from the bench and approached her. He was dressed in his familiar black overalls and matching formal jacket, complete with the symbols of Siren and Tyrran displayed upon his shoulders. 
How are you feeling? he asked, with a genuinely concerned tone of voice. 
Like I was taken against my will, drugged, undressed, redressed and force fed nutrients, intravenously, she quickly replied. Kind of like that. 
Drellic laughed for a moment, then met her gaze with absolute sincerity. Thats the spark I love about you, he said softly. 
Why am I here?! Simone loudly demanded. 
Drellic raised his hand to silence her and calmly replied, Youre home now. And please lower your voice. Id hate for any eavesdroppers to think that youre unhappy here. 
I dont know what exactly you have planned for you and me, Simone began. But you should probably just kill me right now, because I will never take part in whatever sick love story is playing inside your mind, right now. You are a sick, twisted son of a bitch. 
Drellic then calmly approached her, but violently slapped her across the face, sending her flying into the far wall. Frightened and bewildered, she stared up at him from the floor. 
Ill have no bride of mine, speaking to me with such disrespect, he said. 
He then picked her up and gently set her down on her feet, then took her by the hand and dragged her to the nearest window, and out onto one of the lower outdoor balconies. With pride, he looked upon the first completed replacement structure in Sydney. 
It was a tall, sleek silver tower, standing almost one mile high. 
Der Lan Seinfer Delendra, he said, as he pointed to the tower. It means, that which can touch heaven, he added. And this is just the beginning. 
He then stared deeply into Simones eyes and said, Welcome to Siren, my love. This is going to be the root of the new world.

Meanwhile in the ruins of Houston, Callum and Richard had been led by Skulls, Mary and Duster, to a junkyard on the edge of the downtown area. It was still a few hours until sundown, and Callum and Richard were at the mercy of Skulls, who was keeping watch over them beside his campfire, while Duster and Mary slept. 
Are we going to keep this up all night? Callum asked him. 
I dont know. Are we? Skulls replied, as he stabbed at the campfire with a piece of wood, his rifle firmly gripped in his other hand. I could always kill you both right now, so I can get some sleep. 
So why havent you? Richard asked. 
I guess some part of me still has some doubts. Youre lucky, Skulls said. Youre still going to get a chance to prove to me that you can be trusted. 
Hows that? asked Callum. 
Youre going to take the same test that we all had to, when Ranger was still around, Skulls answered. 
As it had already been explained to them by Skulls and his party, Ranger was the former leader of the resistance in Houston. He was Mandrakes contact on the surface and the keeper of the recently destroyed supply bunker. Ranger was also Skulls father, although he didnt like to refer to him as such. 
Upon learning of Rangers intentions to coordinate an insurrection with Mandrakes help, Drellic made his first personal appearance in Houston, one year prior, and publicly executed Ranger and dozens of his fellow resistance fighters. 
The execution devastated the morale of the city, and persuaded many others to join Drellics side, rather than further risk their lives, fighting him. 
What test? What do we have to do? Callum asked. 
Theres a ship that Drellics people built, Skulls began. Some really advanced piece of shit. It travels back and forth between here and Australia. Drellic lives there now. Thats probably where your wife is. 
Where in Australia? Callum asked eagerly. I dont know, but thats beside the point. Youre going to help us kill everyone on board that ship, the next time it lands, and all who are protecting it. Then youre going to help us steal it. Thats the test. You have to openly defy Drellic. 
Sounds like fun. Sign us up, Richard said. 
No problems here, Callum added. Lead the way. 
Skulls smirked and replied, You say that now. 
Just give us this chance, and I promise you, youll have no more doubts about our characters, Callum boasted. 
Skulls then rose to his feet and looked behind him, at a broken down, red convertible with a large green tarp, draped over it. Mary was sleeping inside the car. 
He then turned back to Callum and Richard, smiled and said, You two boys try to get some sleep now, while I go fuck my wife. And dont get any funny ideas. You know whatll happen if you run. 
Callum and Richard nervously glanced down at their ankles, which had been strapped to proximity sensitive explosives, courtesy of Duster. If they moved more than one hundred feet from the detonator, or tried to remove the explosives from their bodies, they would be incinerated by the blast, in seconds. 
We wouldnt dream of blowing the party, Callum said, with a sarcastic smile. 
That ship will most likely be back soon, since we killed off those drones. Most likely right around sunrise, said Skulls. Get what rest you can. Youre going to need it.
Skulls kept his eyes on Callum and Richard for a few more seconds and then disappeared inside the tarp- covered car. A few moments later, Callum and Richard were treated to Marys loud moaning and yelling of Spanish obscenities, as Skulls made love to her. 
You know, Ive got half a mind to walk over there and take this thing off, just to shut them up, Richard said, referring to the explosives tied to his ankles. 
Dont even joke about that, Callum said. 
Look around you. Were fucked, Richard said. Hes too powerful. He has people everywhere. For all we know, this whole thing is bullshit and these three fucks are secretly just more of Drellics minions. 
I dont buy that, Callum replied. Theyre damaged goods. Ill give you that. But I think wed be too, if wed been down here with them these last three years. No. I dont think theyre dirty. Theyve got too much humanity left in them. 
I hope youre right, said Richard. Because Im going to be honest with you. Since Sophia, I dont give a fuck anymore. Personally, I dont think we have a chance. And whether these guys turn out to be traitors or not, if it looks like theyre going to off us, Ill gladly take myself out, to take them with us. 
Callum scanned Richards face and much to his dismay, he found that Richard was speaking with absolute sincerity and complete disregard for the principles hed always stood for. 
Dont let this thing break you, said Callum. Not yet. The best thing we can do right now, is not forget who we are. Its the one thing Drellic cant take from us. 
Richard laughed and replied, Who are you kidding? Look at how many people hes turned. 
Well hes not turning me, said Callum. Hes not fucking turning you either. 
Richard remained silent and stayed awake for the rest of the night, staring into the fire, until its last flicker.
The following morning, Callum and Richard were forcefully awakened by violent kicks to their mid sections, courtesy of Mary. They both writhed in pain for a moment, then looked up to see her smiling down on them. 
Rise and shine, she said. We just picked up the transponder from the target ship. It just landed next to the apartment building we blew to hell last night. 
No doubt, trying to get to the bottom of our mess, Skulls said, as he stepped out from the backseat of the convertible, pulling up his pants. 
If were going to try and ambush them, we have to do it now, said Duster, as he playfully tossed a grenade back and forth between his hands. 
Callum and Richard were fed a quick breakfast of old bags of potato chips that looked like they had come from a twenty year old vending machine, and were then marched at gun point, back to the apartment building.  From their vantage point behind some shrubbery, behind where the building once stood, they saw the target ship parked in the street, directly in front of the still smoking rubble. 
It was a sleek compact fighter, no larger than an F-14 fighter jet, with a shiny metallic hull and a faint blue glow, coming from its underbelly. It quietly hovered a few feet above the street and didnt appear to have any physical landing gear. Three armed guards, wearing black overalls, similar to Drellics, were standing guard in front of an open portal on the side of the ship. 
Four other similarly dressed militants were picking over the ruins of the apartment building. Skulls, Mary and Duster were armed to the teeth with their signature weapons, but claimed that since the destruction of their safe house, they were preparing to use the last of their ammunition. Callum and Richard were given old fashioned handguns, with six bullets each. It was all that Skulls was willing to spare to them. 
This is crazy, Richard said. Were dead. Were no match for all that ammo. That ship has to have some pretty high tech weaponry on it as well. 
We didnt say this was going to be easy, homie, said Skulls. 
If you want to back out now, feel free to run, Mary said, with a sassy smile. Just remember. You wont get very far, she added, as she pointed to the explosives, tied to his ankle. 
Richard shook with fear and remained silent, until his paranoia and primal need for self-preservation got the best of him. 
Lead the way, he said to Skulls. If were going to try and take them out, lets just get it over with. 
Skulls slowly led the team behind a large chunk of rubble, in the back of the ruined structure. The four enemy soldiers who were searching the ruins, were getting closer to them by the second. 
Suddenly, Richard burst into tears and jumped to his feet, revealing himself to Drellics men. He then pulled out his weapon and shot Duster in the face, then grabbed Skulls and pressed his gun to his forehead. 
Drellics men aimed their assault rifles at the group. 
Listen to me! Richard cried out to the enemy soldiers. Im defecting! These men are resistance! But Im not with them! Im defecting! 
Richard, what the fuck have you done?! Callum screamed at him. 
Skulls kept eye contact with Mary, as Richard continued to apply pressure to his head with the gun. The detonator which controlled the explosives, strapped to Richard, was in Dusters jacket pocket. Richard then jerked his head towards Callum, drawing the the enemys attention to him. 
Him! Richard yelled, referring to Callum. He piloted the ship that brought Drellic here. Hes valuable to Drellic. Hell cooperate. He just needs to understand that this is the only way to survive! 
One of Drellics men hesitated then said, We know who Callum Hammond is. But he isnt enough. Drellic isnt very concerned about him. What else do you have to offer? 
Richard became frantic and confused, then replied, What do you mean? Im offering you whats left of the Houston resistance. I just killed one of them! What more do you want?! 
Kill the man you are holding, the soldier replied. 
Fine, Richard replied, as he pulled Skulls closer to Drellics men. 
Skulls kept his eyes fixated on Mary and began jerking his head down towards Dusters body. Upon seeing that everyone was focused on Skulls, Mary shed a tear and shook her head in disapproval. Skulls persisted in signaling to her to detonate the explosives strapped to Richard. 
After a few moments, Mary reluctantly reached into Dusters jacket pocket and pushed the button. Richard was incinerated instantly, as was Skulls, along with the four officers standing in front of them. 
Mary and Callum jumped to safety, taking shelter in the rubble. Callum was in shock at what had just happened and was unable to move. Mary then violently slapped him across the face. Callum was startled and looked her in the eye. They were both teary eyed, but remained focused and committed, as they knew what had to be done. 
Are you still with me? Mary asked Callum. Because this is far from over. 


Chapter Sixteen

At that same time, 17 hours ahead of Houston time, Simone was sitting on the bed she had been assigned, at the Sydney Opera House. She had been locked in the bedroom for nearly twelve hours, since first being exposed to the changes Drellic was making to the city. 
The room was darkening, as the sun set and there were no lights to be found. She had been given a tray of food by a servant earlier in the afternoon, but didnt dare touch anything on it. Hunger was beginning to take its toll on her psyche. She had a throbbing headache and could feel her acids eating away at her stomach lining. 
As the room continued to darken, she found that she couldnt take her eyes away from the roast beef sandwich and browning Caesar salad, sitting upon the silver food tray, on the floor. A tall glass of water was sitting beside the sandwich, but she would sooner drink the rain that was beginning to fall outside. 
The sliding glass doors, leading to her balcony, were locked and thick steel bars had been welded over them. Her mind was racing, her heart was pounding and her will was beginning to break. Her fear of a potential toxin only held up for a few more seconds. Finally, she decided to erase the pain, by thinking of being reunited with Callum. But the very thought of him was enough to alert Drellic. 
At that moment, Drellic was standing at an intersection, a mile away from the Opera House, overseeing one of his many construction sites, when he felt Simones disloyalty crushing his skull, like a vice grip. Knowing that her mind was distracted by the notion of being in Callums arms, made Drellic irate and sent him speeding back to her. 
Not a full minute passed since Simone had first imagined Callums embrace, before Drellic burst through the bedroom door and pinned her to the bed. 
I told you not to do that, he whispered to her. 
You know I cant help it, she fearfully replied. I cant just erase him from my mind, you fucking lunatic! 
Perhaps you only need a glimpse of your destiny, in order to do just that, Drellic said. 
He lifted Simone off of the bed and slung her over his shoulder. He then carried her out of the bedroom and down the spiral staircase, to the main entrance of the Opera House. From there, Drellic and Simone became a blur and vanished. 
They reappeared moments later, atop the recently erected, Delendra Tower. Delendra, being the ancient human word for heaven. Once there, Simone fearfully looked beyond the protective glass dome, at the very top of the gleaming silver structure, and saw that she was a mile above the surface of the earth. 
The lights from Drellics many construction projects, twinkling beneath them in the moonlight. 
From here, we can see it all, Drellic said. Everything that you and I will share for an eternity. 
Im wont be your trophy, she said confidently, as she turned to face him. Its just not in the cards. I dont know what to tell you. 
Someone who has lived such a sheltered life, should not make so many assumptions about the future, Drellic said.

While Simone was experiencing the breath taking and majestic view from Delendra Tower, Callum was being immersed in much more troubling surroundings. Richard, who had quickly become one of Callums best friends over the past few years, was dead, after succumbing to his fears and betraying Callums trust. 
What had begun as a quick snatch and grab supply run, had become a fierce battle to survive in the ruins of Houston, as Callum found himself standing alone, against an army with a woman he barely knew. 
Mary-Axe had just lost her husband, because of Richards treachery, along with Duster. She had also watched Bloodhound die on the previous night. She wanted nothing more than to murder Callum in cold blood, as a means to deal with the pain, but knew that he was her only chance for survival and for preserving, what her and Skulls had stood for. 
Together, she and Callum remained hidden within the rubble of the apartment building, while the three guards, assigned to guard Drellics recon ship, were closing in on them, after hearing all the gunfire. Callum still had his crude pistol, which still contained six bullets. He had also pocketed two grenades, which he had discovered hanging on Dusters belt. 
Mary had her axe strapped to her back and a single dagger holstered at her side. Her assault rifle, clutched firmly with both hands. 
We should go back, Callum whispered. Were no match for them. We should go back and get help. 
What help do you think well find? Mary asked him. Like it or not, its just you and me now. Theres no one left. Anyone still alive from our ranks, either fled the city or joined the other side. Were it. 
Callum felt himself beginning to panic, as the soldiers footsteps were getting louder by the second. 
You cant seriously think we can take them out, Callum insisted. 
Its only three against two. We should be so lucky, Mary replied. 
But we dont know if anyone else is aboard the ship, and that thing has to have a ton of fire power. That thing could take off and disintegrate everything within five miles, for all you know. 
Mary ignored him and cocked her rifle. 
Sorry, honey. Im not waiting to find out, she boasted. 
She then quickly jumped out from behind a crumbled stone pillar and shot one of the soldiers in the face, killing him instantly. The two remaining enemy soldiers exchanged gunfire with her, as they themselves were seeking shelter within the rubble. 
Callum fired two of his six shots and managed to kill one of Drellics men, with a single head shot. The final soldier was continuing to fire seemingly endless rounds of exploding ammo, into the rubble. Callum pulled a pin from one of Dusters grenades and hurled it at him. The grenade detonated far right of his target, but it was enough to distract the enemy soldier. 
Mary took advantage of the situation and lunged at him with her axe. The blade of the axe sliced through the top of the mans skull and finally came to a stop, in between his eyes. She then pulled the axe from his head, and turned to face Callum. Callum nervously stared her bloodstained eyes, fearing what she would do next. She took a moment to catch her breath, then devilishly proclaimed, Lets take it. 
Mary ran for the recon ship, leaving Callum no choice but to follow closely behind her and watch her back. The ship appeared to be deserted, until they reached the edge of the ramp, which led up to the hatchway. An automated flying drone, similar to the ones they had defeated the night before, quickly emerged from the hatchway and began firing hot bursts of energy at Mary and Callum. 
They jumped out of the way in opposite directions. Callum had lost all presence of mind and wasted the last of his ammo. He fired four times without even touching the outer shell of the drone. 
Dont quit your fucking day job, Mary boasted, as she effortlessly got down on one knee and destroyed the drone with a rapid burst of ammo from her assault rifle. 
All was silent for a moment, as they listened for any other threats that might have been hiding inside the craft. After several seconds, Mary finally got up the courage to enter the ship, with her weapon drawn. Callum reluctantly followed behind her. 
He repeatedly looked over his shoulder, in a nervous fashion and felt himself shaking from head to toe, as he had nothing lethal left in his possession, but a single grenade. Upon clearing the hatchway, the outer hatch automatically slammed shut behind them and locked, trapping them inside a dark and cold metallic cabin. 
The loud crash, frightened Mary, just as much as Callum, although she appeared to be the more steadfast of the two. She then heard something fall against the metal floor panels of the ship and then bounce a few times. She whirled around, to see that Callum had dropped his grenade. He frantically scooped it up and saw that the pin was still in place. 
Holy shit, that was close, he whispered. 
Youre a fucking idiot, said Mary. Mary was reminding Callum of Simone more and more by the second.
Much to their relief, there were no other enemy soldiers, organic or otherwise, on board the recon patrol ship. Mary led Callum through the tiny rear cabin, to the ships cockpit. There were three rather uninviting metallic bucket seats, which hung from the ceiling, on titanium support beams. 
The control consoles were very different from anything Callum was used to, and the majority of the information on the monitors was written in Drellics ancient language. Men and women who chose to devote themselves to Drellics path, were forced to learn to speak and write in the ancient human language. Once they had become fluent in it, it was the only language they were allowed to speak, while in Drellics presence. 
Mary turned to Callum and said, Skulls was going to fly us out of here. But now I only have you. Youre supposed to be some amazing pilot. So lets see how amazing you really are. Get us the fuck out of here. 
Callum froze, as he continued to look over the ships systems. I cant do this, he said in a frustrated tone. This is fucking crazy. Ive never seen anything like this in my life. None of these controls look familiar. The layout doesnt make any sense. 
Mary slapped Callum across the face again and replied, You better fucking learn fast or were dead. 
Tears streamed down her face. The realization of her husbands death was finally consuming her. Callum was sympathetic to her, but also feared her, because of all the trauma she had endured and her already unpredictably violent nature. 
He knew that she could snap and kill him at any moment. Mary violently slapped him in the face one more time, then began pounding on his chest, as she screamed in agony. Finally, Callum had had enough and quickly grabbed her arms, then forced her back against the hard metal wall. 
Enough! he screamed at the top of his lungs. 
Ive lost everything, she sobbed. But you still have your wife. If Drellic went out of his way to take her, it means shes still alive. If you ever want to see her again, you need to do this. 
Callum was becoming teary eyed again, just at the thought of Simone, yet couldnt help to think of himself, just as Richard had. 
Even if I do find her, then what? he asked. Theres no road to salvation here. Because from what Ive seen, thats just the way it is now. You either die or you live in chains. 
Trust me. Its worth it. Love always is, Mary said. Id give anything to have my husband back for just two minutes. You should feel the same way about your wife. You have to see that. 
Callum burst into tears and sat at the ships flight controls, which appeared to be a senseless arrangement of buttons, toggle switches and floating holographic displays of the horizon. 
We probably wont even get off the ground. Someones probably on their way to shoot us down right now, said Callum. 
So, what? Mary said, as she sat down beside him. She then wiped her tears from her eyes and asked, Are you really going to sit there and tell me that Simone isnt worth the effort? 
Of course I think shes worth it! Callum shouted, defensively. 
Then fly us out of here, said Mary. Take us to Australia. Well find your wife and maybe cause a little damage along the way, she added in her familiar sassy tone. 
From the corner of his eye, Callum spotted a second ship, almost identical to the one they were inside, rapidly approaching their location from the horizon. Mary followed his gaze, noticed the inbound craft and sarcastically said, Looks like you better get out that instruction manual.
Callum then tinkered with the ships controls, until he managed to accidently fire the ships engines. Luckily, the ship was already hovering on its own and ascended automatically, once the engines were fired. He then found what appeared to be a selection of several preset destinations, which were directly linked to the ships autopilot. 
Callum saw that it was a record of everywhere the ship had been. Since it typically traveled between the hub of Drellics forces and the ruins of Houston, a recently constructed shipyard in Sydney, Australia and the downtown Houston area were the two most frequently visited locations. 
Callum selected the shipyard in Sydney and an image of the facility appeared on a holographic projection in front of him. 
Try touching it, Mary said. 
Callum hesitated. 
Jesus Christ. Looks like Im doing everything, Mary said, in an annoyed tone, as she tapped the hologram, which sent the ship rocketing away from Houston, at nearly twice the speed of sound. The intense g-force of the ships velocity, pushed Callum and Mary back into their seats. Strange slimy, organic safety harnesses, then descended from panels in the ceiling and secured them to their seats. 
While trying to ignore his growing discomfort, as the tentacle like harnesses tightened around him, Callum noticed that the second ship was definitely pursuing them. Callum then glanced over at Mary, only to notice that her eyes were fixated on something else entirely. 
What the mother fuck? she said, as her voice trailed off. Callum looked out the ships port side window, to see something too incredible and too unexpected, to be responded to with words. As he gazed out at the horizon, he saw that there appeared to be two suns, shining side by side, in the clear blue sky above them. 


Chapter Seventeen

Drellic had kept Simone awake inside the highest chamber of Delendra, for the entire night. He spoke of his wife more than anything else. Drellic had even referred to Simone by Moyas name, several times. It was as if some form of dementia were slowly taking hold of him, as if he wasnt disturbed enough already. 
At first, Simone feared that Drellics violent outbursts would become more severe, the more she refused him, but it had a disturbingly opposite effect. Drellic would simply ignore Simones shrill cries to be released and continue speaking of his past, and how he planned to mold humanity into a race he could be proud of, all the while attempting to reach a certain level of intimacy with her. He insisted that they had an unbreakable connection; a bond of celestial proportions that he had felt the instant Simone first set foot on Charon.
Until that night, Simone had never seen Drellic fully enraged. She had made the tragic mistake of comparing Drellics situation to that of her situation with Callum. She had said that Drellic had stolen her from the love of her life, just as the Architects had stolen Drellic from his beloved Moya. It was that unequivocal truth that provoked a nearly merciless beating. 
Drellic lifted Simone off the floor and threw her from one side of the observation chamber to the other, sending her crashing into the glass dome. He then lifted her from where she landed, and threw her back to the other side of the chamber, and into the opposite side of the dome, with even more force than he had used the first time. 
When she landed on the floor the second time, two of her ribs were broken and she was spitting up a substantial amount of blood. Aside from turning her head to cough and gag, she felt completely paralyzed and was in the most horrific pain of her life. 
Drellic calmly walked to her and looked down upon her, as she struggled to breathe. She could only turn her head, just enough to see him smiling down at her. 
You must learn to be more careful, Moya, he said, softly. 
He then gently lifted her off the ground and held her in his arms. I wont always be there to catch you, my love. Just think of our unborn child. 
Simone shook with fear then passed out from the pain and blood loss. Drellic then felt on odd sensation of being watched, like nothing he had ever felt before. The light of the rising sun caught his gaze. He then turned to face the glass, while tightly holding Simone close to his chest, like a small child, to see two suns rising together in the distance. 
What is this? he whispered to himself. Is this the sign I dreamt of? Gree sai brentos retorn tu mine? Which in the ancient tongue meant, Have my people returned to me? 

Hours later, Simone awoke in her bedroom at the Opera House. She realized that her ribs at somehow been healed and that she was in very little pain. She quickly sat up, only to find Drellic sitting at her bedside. 
I only healed the important parts, Drellic said, as he pointed to a small mirror on her nightstand. Simone looked upon her reflection, to see that cuts and bruises, still covered the majority of her face. 
You always knew your defiance would have a cost, Moya, said Drellic. I used some of myself to repair your body, but I want the wounds on your face to remain for the time being. I want you to have a constant reminder of the consequences you faced. 
Simone had been toying with the idea of enabling Drellics worsening dementia, by playing along with his delusions, and assuming the role of Moya. She had until that moment, been too frightened to engage him as his dead wife, but knew that it was the only way she would ever win his favor. 
By this time, her only goal in life was to see Callum again. What she didnt realize, was that at that very moment, Callum was on his way to her and was driven by the same goal. They had both decided for themselves that any chance of having a normal life, or a life at all, was gone. 
The simple joy of being reunited, if only for the briefest of times, would be all that would be afforded to them. Having been out of contact and separated by continents for days, they had both decided that seeing one another again would be the only thing that would soften the blow of their inevitable surrender to Drellic.
Drellic had referred to an unborn baby, just before Simone had lost consciousness at Delendra. She knew she had spent far too much time in an unconscious state, while in Drellics company, and that her being pregnant was in fact, a probability. The horrifying possibility of carrying Drellics child, sickened her. 
Even more so, than the idea of an army of men and women, who according to Drellic, shared in Drellics powers and were heading for Earth. He had explained that the second sun that had recently appeared in the Sydney sky, was not a star at all, but a ship constructed by the descendants of the survivors of ancient humanity. Drellic said that the consciousness of the Starblood within him, had assured him that the new arrival was not a threat, but the descendants of his people, he had been praying to meet. He was overjoyed at the notion of being reunited with a race, whom he could deem worthy of himself; a people, he could proudly call his own. 
Simone remained silent, as she was ordered out of bed and out onto the balcony, overlooking the city. Drellic stood beside her and watched, as the second sun appeared to be increasing in size, as it was nearing the planet. Had an actual star materialized that close to the earth, the entire planet wouldve been engulfed in flames, in minutes. Yet, there had been no difference in temperature, since its appearance. This brought Simone to the unfortunate conclusion that it had to be something other than a star, and that Drellic couldve actually been correct about its origins and purpose. 
She felt herself submit to her situation and said, Im sorry. I shouldve never disobeyed. Youve always known whats best for our people. 
Her words forced Drellic to look away from the twin suns for the first time. He looked upon her face and seemed convinced of her sincerity. 
Do you mean that? he asked. 
Simone forced a smile and replied, I do. Ive always known that only you can save us. 
Drellic was amazed by what he was hearing and had longed to hear those words from Moyas lips, for an eternity. He gently held Simone in his arms and pulled her close to him. She struggled to remain calm and closed her eyes, imagining that it was Callum and not a monster. As he gently brushed Simones hair with his gargantuan hand, Simone felt a wave of relief pass over her, as Drellic healed the wounds on her face. He then released her, looked upon her now flawless face and said, Den el da sentral I renue. 
It meant, That is the beauty I remember. 
He saw that she didnt understand and became frustrated. Dont worry, he said. When our world was destroyed, so was our entire way of life. I will teach you to become who you once were. 
He held her close again and observed, as the second star had come to occupy half of the visible sky. The actual sun, was tiny in comparison and was nearly fully eclipsed. Though it appeared to be a giant orb of radiating heat, there were still no environmental changes caused by its presence. 
The blinding light of the incoming star-like object, continued to fill the sky. At the same time, nearly 10,700 kilometers north of Sydney, Callum and Mary had quickly learned to manually pilot the stolen recon ship, and were in a mid-air shooting war, with another ship of the same design.
Callum had decided to bypass the ships autopilot and make a slight detour to Tokyo, Japan. Mary didnt fully understand why at the time, but Callum knew that buried somewhere in the rubble of the Darkside facility, was the ancient recording device that Simone had found in Antarctica. It contained a detailed audio and visual account of the fall of the ancient world, and how Drellic came to acquire his amazing powers. He saw it as an opportunity to gain invaluable intelligence about Drellic, and although it would make their survival that much more unlikely, he knew that if he and Mary could survive Tokyo and recover the device, it would increase their odds of surviving Sydney. 
The other ship was badly damaged from Marys weapons fire. While Mary kept her eyes fixated on the enemy ship, while firing 5,000 degree bursts of hot energy, Callums job was to keep the ship steady and engaged, while struggling with the incredibly sensitive propulsion system. 
One final shot from the cannon, on the underbelly of Callums ship, decimated the enemy ship, sending a tornado of metal debris, spiraling down into the Pacific Ocean. 
I think they got off a distress signal, before they went down! yelled Mary. We dont have a lot of time. What the fuck are we doing here? 
Youll understand when we find it. If we find it, Callum replied. 

The Tokyo ruins appeared to be deserted, from overhead. Callum piloted the ship to the outskirts of the city and found the demolished Darkside facility, sitting at the foot of a blackened runway, where the Hades spacecraft had once stood. He descended to the exact spot, where Hades had been parked years earlier, and allowed the ship to hover beneath the light of the gleaming orb, which was entering the earths atmosphere. 
As Callum and Mary exited the ship and hopped down to the ground, they looked up, to see the blinding white ball of energy, which was roughly the size of a football stadium, slowly moving south. 
It has to be heading for Australia. What do you think it is? Mary asked Callum. Youre the one that went out into deep space and found him. Ever see anything like this? 
I have no idea what that thing is. But whatever it is, it cant be good, Callum replied. And we still have more bandits to worry about. We need to get inside, right now. Theres no doubt in my mind, we were tracked here. 
You still havent even told me what were doing here, said Mary. 
I already told you. Youll understand when you see it, assuming we live that long, Callum snapped.
Callum and Mary disappeared into the rubble. Much to their advantage, Drellic was no longer interested in them and had not dispatched any other ships to pursue them. Drellic was far too concerned with the approaching star-like object that was clearly on a direct path for Sydney. He was convinced that upon its arrival, he would be greeted by a massive assembly of friends that would aid him in his quest to save modern humanity from itself. 
The construction crews that had been working tirelessly to rebuild Drellics monuments, were ordered to cease all operations, and devote all of their attention to properly welcoming the inbound ship. Using whatever scrap metal they could find, the crews were ordered to erect a massive landing platform, at the center of the downtown Sydney area. Drellic noted that the orb had never once changed its speed, since its arrival. At present speed, it would land in Sydney in about five hours. Drellics super speed and strength wouldve allowed him to complete the platform himself in several minutes, but he enjoyed watching the people do his bidding. Aside from Simone, Drellic looked upon all of modern humanity as a subspecies of his people and felt that the intense ongoing labor would do them good. 
Within the rubble of the Darkside facility, Callum and Mary had already been searching the wreckage for nearly an hour and still had no further contact with the enemy. Callum had acquired a flashlight from the commandeered recon ship and was entering a section of rubble, in which two hallways, from two separate floors, had been merged together. 
He knew that Mandrake had a copy of the Siren footage, which he was never allowed to see aboard ISS, which had been destroyed, but the device itself shouldve still been in lock up, in Mandrakes office at Darkside. 
Callum carefully climbed from one section of floor to another, which had been pushed down to his level by recent weapons impact. The entire building had essentially been compacted to half of its original height. Callum could see Mandrakes door just ahead, on his left. It still had his name plate attached to it. 
The floor was on a steep incline, and he was forced to climb up to the doorframe and use it to slingshot himself inside the room. Mary was positioned below him, on level ground, with her assault rifle clutched firmly in hand. 
I think you should go back outside, Callum called down to her. The upper levels arent stable. You might get crushed, if you stick around too long. 
Bullshit. What about you? she replied. 
If the building collapses and I dont make it out, try to find a small metal box with Drellics language written all over it, Callum began. Thats why were here. Its a recorder. It has records of things that happened here, during his time. You have to find it and get it to people you trust. 
Holy shit, she replied. 
Callum and Mary were then both startled, as a shrill, creaking sound began echoing through the walls. The floor boards beneath Callums feet, began to crack and small bits of debris from the upper level began to rain down on Mary. 
You need to go, Callum said. Hope to see you soon. Mary nodded and reluctantly left the building, as Callum finally got a hold of Mandrakes doorframe and pulled himself up into the office. 
Much to his surprise, Mandrake was inside waiting for him. He was sitting on the floor, with his back pressed up against the far wall. There was a pool of his blood at his side, which originated from a deep bloody gash on his left side. Callum could see that he was barely alive, and also had the ancient recorder gripped tightly with one arm, while he held his wound with his free hand. 
Sir? Callum whispered. 
Thats right, you son of a bitch, Mandrake answered. Its me. 
How did you get here? How did you survive? Callum asked. 
Escape pod, Mandrake replied. I was in my office on the station, when the missiles hit, and just so happened to have my own pod under my floorboards, waiting for me. 
Mandrake coughed and spit up some blood onto the recorder. 
Oh, look what Ive done now, he said, chuckling to himself. Ive gone and made another mess. You like what Ive done with the place, Hammond? 
You did this? Callum asked, as he looked around the crumbling structure. 
They never bombed the building. They found out about the recorder and had this place searched for nearly three years, and they couldnt find it. Dumbass traitors, Mandrake replied with a smile. 
My pod was programmed to return me here. I snuck in and detonated every explosive in this place, taking dozens of the bastards with me. That was days ago. Mustve thought the recorder was destroyed, because no one has been back here since, until you. 
I stole one of their ships, Callum said. I saw a medical kit on board. I can patch you up and give you something for the pain. 
Fuck you. We both know Im dead. Im surprised I held on this long, Mandrake replied. What are you doing here anyway? 
Looking for that, Callum said, as he pointed to the recorder. Everyone I came down with is dead, except Simone. They took her, sir. Drellics holding her in Sydney. Thats where Im heading now, but first I need that recorder. I need to know everything I can about him. 
I cant stop you from taking it. Im just about dead, anyways, said Mandrake. But you cant let them get their hands on it. The information on here is all we have on him. Mandrakes speech slowed, as he began gasping for air. Simone was like a daughter to me, he stuttered. You better fucking get her back. 
I will sir, said Callum.
I think Im done here, son, Mandrake said. Just pay close attention to what you see on this. He has a weakness.
What? What do you mean, sir? Callum asked. 
Mandrake remained silent, as his gaze shifted from Callum to the open window, and the bright orb sailing through the sky. 
Drellic has a weakness, Mandrake repeated. 
What weakness?! What is it?! Callum shouted, but it was too late. Mandrake was gone and the building was continuing to crumble around him. 
Callum grabbed the recorder and gently closed Mandrakes eyes, which were still fixated on the falling star, outside the window. He then exited the office and slid down the inclined floor panel, to the level ground, below. 
Mary was anxiously waiting for him, as he made it outside. 
I thought you bought it, she said. 
Me? Never. Lets get fucking going, he quickly replied. 
Bewildered, she noticed the bloodstained, metal relic under Callums arm, as they boarded the recon ship and rocketed away to Australia.


Chapter Eighteen

Night had fallen in Sydney, once again. Drellic stood alone on the roof of the Opera House and gazed out at the mysterious orb. Two hours before, it had appeared to be on a direct path for the downtown Sydney area, but since then, it had slowly drifted upwards and was hovering over the city, just beside the moon. 
The gleaming tower of Delendra, looked as though it was dividing the two celestial bodies, by cutting through the clear night sky, between them. The combined luminance of both the moon and the orb, gave enough light to make it appear as though it were nearly dusk, but in reality, it was nearly midnight. 
Knowing he shouldve been overjoyed at the thought of meeting his descendants, Drellic couldnt help but weep as the hovering ball of fire, was only reminding him more and more that no matter what steps were taken to revive his civilization, things would never be the same as they were. More importantly, he knew, deep down that Simone was not Moya. He was not nearly as delusional as he appeared, simply because he was fully aware that he was becoming delusional. 
His rage for the Architects, his sadness for the loss of everything that ever mattered to him, and the detached persona he had developed after billions of years in captivity, had crafted a ruthless dictator. He had evolved into everything he used to despise in the criminals of his time. Knowing all of this and having accepted it, he still refused to divert from the path he had chosen. His fractured mind and the overwhelming power of the Blood of Aia, had both decided that the universe owed him a rather sizable debt. 
Once he regained control of his emotions, he sent for Simone. She was brought up to the roof by a guard and then left alone with Drellic. 
You wanted to see me? she asked, in a dutiful and polite tone. 
She had done an excellent job, adjusting to her situation and keeping her fear at bay. Drellic looked at her with a blank expression, only accompanied by the slightest hint of sadness. 
Youre not her, he said. And you never will be. 
Simones fear quickly returned to the surface, and she knew that there was only one way she could stay alive long enough, to find a way to defeat Drellic and be reunited with Callum. 
I know, she fearfully replied. I know Ill never be your Moya. But I want to be at your side. I see that now. Ive never wanted anything more in my entire life. 
Drellic searched her eyes for evidence of dishonesty, but couldnt find any. Simone had mastered this technique of playing to Drellics fractured, vulnerable soul. 
You have so much power, and youre the only one who can save my people. How could I not want to be a part of that? she asked. 
Drellic walked to her and gently caressed her face. Do you truly mean what you say? he asked. Will you be completely committed to my quest, and to me? 
Of course, I will. I love you, Drellic, she exclaimed, with teary eyes and a convincing smile. 
Drellics own tears, then returned. He hadnt heard the words, I love you spoken to him in eons, aside from the false voices, he had projected into his own mind, over the centuries. A moment later, he passionately kissed her, and although it killed her to do it, she returned the kiss with an equal amount of passion.
Unbeknownst to both Drellic and Simone, Callum and Mary were hovering over Sydney, aboard their stolen recon ship, in stealth mode. Callum had his eyes locked on a holographic projection of the Opera House rooftop, where he had witnessed the fatal kiss between his wife and the monster, Drellic. 
She must not have had a choice, Mary assured Callum. She wouldnt have done it, unless there was no other way. 
Callum was enraged, but remained open minded. These were after all, the most uncertain times he had ever lived through. 
I hope youre right, he replied, in a detached tone. 
Callum then piloted the ship just outside the inner city and landed in a secluded clearing, beneath the gleaming light, shared by the moon and the mysterious orb. By this time, Callum and Mary had already hooked the ancient recorder up to the ships hard drive and watched the last few hours of footage, which showed Drellic emerging from the hull of a massive, organic alien ship, hovering over the flaming city of Siren. He leapt hundreds of feet to the ground at an incredible speed and didnt have a scratch on him, after landing. 
The people surrounding him cheered, as the alien ship he had just left behind, crashed into the skyscrapers behind them, indicating that Drellic had single handedly brought the mighty vessel down. In the following segment of footage, Drellic was shown leading an army of citizens, who all appeared to have the same superhuman strength and speed, which Drellic had displayed. 
Callum deduced that the weakness Mandrake had referred to, may have been the idea of Drellic following in his past footsteps, and sharing the alien compound in his blood with the wrong person. Perhaps someone like Simone, who would be in an ideal position, to use Drellics abilities against him. Callum prayed that those might have been Simones intentions, but couldnt help but question her integrity on a small scale. 
He had, after all, witnessed first-hand, how easily Drellic had turned so many humans to his side, over the last three years. Time was running out for Callum and Mary. The gleaming orb above, was finally continuing its descent towards Sydney. 
Mary looked on with fear and said, It has to be a ship. Something far worse than anything weve seen yet. 
You can turn back, if you want, said Callum. You can take the ship and the recorder and take it to the right people. But Im going after my wife. Alone if need be. Shes all I have left. 
Im not going anywhere, Mary replied. My husband was right about you. He sensed you were a good man, but I wouldnt listen. Im listening now. You still have a chance to be with the one you love, and Im going to help you get her back. 
Thanks for that, Callum replied. Ive seen so many friends die, since I came back. Its good to know Ive still got one around. 
Together, Callum and Mary armed themselves with the energy weapons that had been left behind on the recon ship, by its former crew. They were each carrying an energy rifle and handgun. Mary of course, still had her axe strapped to her back and knives, holstered at her sides. 
Well never get close in this ship, Mary told Callum. Someone will shoot us down, as soon as we make ourselves known. And that ball of light in the sky, isnt going to help our situation. Were on foot from here. 
Callum nodded in agreement. They took their new found weapons and left their ship behind. They assumed it would take them about an hour to get to the massive platform, being built in the center of the city, while on foot. Since it was the center of attention, they assumed they would find Drellic and Simone there, waiting for them. They only hoped to arrive there before the gleaming orb; getting much larger in the sky, above.

At that same time, Drellic and Simone were walking hand in hand, to the platform construction site. She was doing her best to appear ecstatic about the new arrivals, and Drellic was doing his best to remain authoritative, despite his overwhelming anxiety and joyous mood. 
Drellic was once again dressed in his formal uniform, common for that of a Siren leader. Simone was dressed in a long, beautiful red dress, which complimented her long, flowing red hair. Her eyes sparkled in the light of the orb, as it was coming dangerously close to Delendra tower, meaning it was merely 5,000 feet from the surface of the planet. 
Upon reaching the center of the mass of construction workers, Drellic noticed that the platform was only half completed. His first instinct was to unleash his fury upon the workers, but decided that he was in too fantastic a mood, to allow his anger to ruin things. He ordered everyone to stop working and finished the platform himself, in a matter of minutes, using scrap metal from the surrounding areas. 
Simone and the workers looked on in fear, at Drellics ability to throw around thousands of pounds worth of metal, with the greatest of ease. Once the platform was completed to his satisfaction, Drellic calmly returned to Simones side and gazed into her eyes, giving her an innocent smile, as if nothing had happened. 
The construction crews were ordered to leave the scene and return to their homes. Drellic and Simone stood alone at the foot of a long metallic staircase, leading up to the platform. At that moment, Drellic had a painstaking flashback of Moyas public execution that he himself carried out, which took place on a very similar platform. 
Simone noticed the pain in his eyes and asked him if he was alright, in a way a genuinely caring wife might. In a sincere tone of admiration, he replied, Im just grateful to be sharing this moment with you, Simone. 
She was shocked that he used her real name. It was the most coherent she had seen him in days. 
I wouldve been content to stand here alone and welcome my people to this broken Earth, but if someone is going to be standing here with me, Im glad its you, he sobbed. 
Drellic held Simone in his familiar fashion and Simone hesitantly wrapped her arms around his tall muscular body, as best she could. 
Please dont be frightened by what I said to you before about the child, Drellic continued, as a single tear escaped his right eye. Moya had miscarried two children, before we parted ways. Its been one of many things that has been haunting me forever. 
I understand, Simone replied, sympathetically, as Drellic released his hold on her. 
By that time, the orb was a mere 100 feet above the platform, and was continuing its slow descent, of only a few feet per second. 
Drellic had his workers hang large banners on either side of the platform, on tall steel flagpoles. The large gray and black banners, displayed the symbol of unity between Siren and Tyrran, which was also displayed on Drellics uniform. Since the orb was preparing to land on the exact spot Drellic had intended, that alone erased all of his doubts and proved to him that these were in fact his kin. 
Callum and Mary had reached a demolished, brick prison, just a few hundred yards away from the landing platform. They hid in the shadows and looked on, as Drellic and Simone stood hand in hand, at the base of the steel staircase, as the orb finally touched down on the metal platform. 
The long silence that followed was deafening. After a few moments, the light of the orb was beginning to dim. Something was happening inside. What was a blinding, focused sun light had become a dim and distant glow, like that of an ordinary desk lamp. 
Drellic looked on with great anticipation, as Simones fear and discomfort was becoming more and more apparent. Callum and Mary crept closer to the scene, as the orb began to suddenly collapse. It was slowly shrinking down to the size of a tiny pebble. 
The intensity of its light was strangely increasing, as the object itself, decreased in size. Once the orb had reached the form of a brightly gleaming grain of sand, a violent explosion of energy, sprang outward from the platform, causing a bright, ring shaped shockwave, to stretch out beyond the city, leaving a thick cloud of smoke, at the top of the staircase, before Drellic and Simone. 
Finally, the smoke cleared and the dust settled. Drellic and Simone looked up to the platform with bewilderment, to see a woman with long dark hair, dressed in a long white cloak, kneeling in the center, alone.
Drellics curiosity boiled over and he quickly ascended the staircase, to greet the new arrival. The woman rose in the still dissipating cloud of dust and smoke, and stared deeply into Drellics eyes, with a smile, as tears streamed down her face. 
Simone slowly followed Drellic, but remained on the staircase. She was baffled by what she was seeing. Simone recognized the woman, immediately, from images on the ancient recorder. Drellic looked as though he was about to pass out. 
Moya? he gasped. 
Sen, si mine, she responded, in the ancient human language, meaning Yes, its me. 
Drellic burst into tears and ran to her. They held each other, as Moya caressed the back of Drellics neck; him weeping against her breasts. They both stood nearly eight feet tall, making it easy for Moya to spot Simone, over Drellics shoulder. She noticed the revealing red dress, draped over her small frail body and pushed Drellic away. 
She pointed at Simone, demanding to know who she was and why they were together. Without hesitation, Drellic walked over to Simone and swatted her to the ground, like a fly. He then turned his attention back to Moya and assured her that Simone was no one she needed to be concerned about. 
Callum and Mary ran to Simone, as she hit the ground beside the metal staircase. Simone was disoriented and unresponsive at first, but was overjoyed to see Callum, once she was able to focus. He picked her up off the ground and quickly carried her to safety, in the rubble of the prison, behind them. 
I thought Id never see you again, Simone stuttered, as she squirmed in pain. 
Callum gently placed her on the ground, then sat beside her and held her in his arms. He then introduced Simone to Mary, and admitted that he would not still be alive, had it not been for her. 
The three of them looked on, as Drellic and Moya stood atop the platform, continuing to quietly speak to one another in their ancient language. 
Thats his wife isnt it? Callum asked Simone. 
It is. But he killed her. I saw him kill her, billions of years ago. I have no idea what the fuck is going on, she replied. 
I saw it too, Callum stuttered. This is impossible.


Chapter Nineteen

Drellic and Moya were alone under the moonlight, still standing atop the landing platform. 
Ive been watching you, Moya said to him. I heard you wake up. Ive felt and lived inside your dreams. I followed you to this world, and I watched you destroy it. Why did you do all this? 
Drellic was offended by her question and replied, How could I not do it? Those creatures destroyed everything we had. 
Yet, you repeated their mistake, Moya replied. You came to this world and destroyed everything its people held dear. You are no different than the Architects, who reduced our two worlds to ashes. 
Drellics rage returned and he violently grabbed Moya by her shoulders and screamed, They are inferior! They are the putrid, mutated remains of our grand society! They are an insult to the memory of those worlds! 
Listen to yourself, said Moya. You were once the most respected of our people. You were loved by billions. Now, youre alone. Because when those creatures came to our planets, you revealed your true self. Your pride and your arrogance became the center of your life and you lashed out at a superior force, only so you could call yourself the sole ruler of humanity! You declared war against a people, that werent even your enemies, until you made them your enemies! 
Do you speak for them now? Drellic bitterly asked. You sound like the same treasonous wretch, I remember! 
Your wife loved you! Moya shouted. 
Drellic then realized at that moment that the suspicions he was trying so desperately to ignore, were correct. The woman standing before him, was not Moya. 
Your wife loved you. She tried to save you! she continued. And you repaid her tireless devotion to you, by murdering her in front of your precious, confused and diseased people! 
I dont understand this! Drellic screamed. If youre not her, then why did the sacred Starblood that still runs through my veins, tell me that I would soon be saved by my kind? 
You dont understand the being inside you, nearly as well as you think, she answered. 
I am the one that has been sharing your inner most secrets and desires with you, since you first went aboard that ship and tasted the essence of something, you shouldve never been exposed to. 
Drellic then thought back to the day he boarded the Architect Flagship, above the city of Siren. He remembered finding the hidden laboratory, which was home to an endless supply of glass vials, each containing a portion of the sacred blood that had transformed him into a deadly weapon. 
He didnt realize it back then, but after waking up inside Charon eons later, he often dreamt of a small star, traveling throughout the universe that seemed to have a consciousness, all its own. He knew that he was carrying a piece of that consciousness, and that it was the true source of his power. It was what attracted him to the gleaming orb, when it first appeared in the Sydney sky. It was then that he realized the true identity of the creature standing before him. 
Its impossible, he whispered to her. You cant be here. 
I am called Aia, she replied. Ive been drawn to you, since the moment you awakened on the ice world. Its taken me centuries to find you, crossing over the dark matter meadows, between galaxies, and the starry plains within, but its finally time for you to relinquish my essence. 
I wont do it, he said, as he was beginning to feel disoriented. Its mine. Its a part of me now. 
Even after all this time, you still dont have the slightest idea of what youve been carrying inside of you, Aia replied. It is mine to do with what I will. It can have no other master. It is already joining with me, as we speak. I only needed to be close enough to retrieve it. Its as natural as gravity. Just let it go. 
No! Drellic screamed, as he felt his heart beat slowing and his airways being cut off. He fell to his knees and squirmed in pain, as he noticed his skin beginning to decay and his muscles shrinking down to practically nothing. 
Callum, Simone and Mary saw what was happening and approached the platform, to get a closer look at Drellics demise. Callum slowly ascended the staircase and saw Drellic, who appeared to be a frail old man, lying at Aias feet. 
Aia looked down upon him with sympathetic eyes and said, Its going to be a slow and painful process. But eventually, the eons are going to catch up with you and you will turn to dust. But you still have a day or so of conscious thought left, in case youd like to make some kind of peace with yourself, before you pass. 
Aia then turned her attention to Callum, Simone and Mary. The three of them froze with fear. Do not be afraid, Aia said to them, in English. I have no reason to harm you, and this one is no longer a threat to you, she added, as she looked down on Drellics deteriorating body. 

What are you? Simone asked her. Aia just stared at her and was silent for a moment. 
Please, Simone continued. I have to know. Ive devoted so much of my life to discovering the truth, about who we are and why were here. Weve all lost so much. Billions of us are dead, because of that man on the ground. 
Aia remained silent. 
You owe her some kind of answer, Callum said. The things he did to us are somehow connected to you. I think you owe all of us some kind of explanation. 
I was here in the beginning, Aia began. Just as I will be here at the end. Just know this. The ones that created him, she continued as she pointed down at Drellic. The ones that created him, were gods only in their own minds. They moved like giants throughout the stars, creating whatever life they wished, and depositing it wherever they wished. They were ancient, wise and exceptionally gifted, but they no longer valued their lives, as much as they valued their abilities. They merely took their blessings for granted. They were my children, and these are things that even you know, children tend to do. 
But if they created him, then theyre also responsible for creating us, Mary said. 
Aia paused and replied, No. Even after all my years studying you, your reemergence on this planet defies reason. I caused a terrible storm that ravaged the entire universe, in a time long before now, erasing my children from existence. They had seeded themselves in every galaxy, and it was the only way to stop them from ridding the universe of natural life and replacing it with their own creations. 
Yet here you stand, on the same soil, on the same rock, just a few billion light years from where you began. For that, I have no explanation. 
Thats not good enough, Simone said, as she wept. There has to be more. There has to be more youre not telling us. 
Im so sorry, Aia said. But even I have to submit to the will of miracles, from time to time. 
Aia then looked back down upon Drellic, who was gasping for air and barely able to speak. 
As for you, she began in the ancient language. You always said that only your people could be worthy of you. Well, it appears that you now have no choice, but to answer to your people. 
She then looked back to Simone and said, I leave him to you. For now and forever, this Earth will be yours. But remember. I will always be watching. Take care of this world, for you may not be granted another, as long as I exist. Ive found a purpose in protecting naturally evolved life. If necessary, I will protect it from you, should you choose to bring your barbaric tendencies with you into the stars. 
I hope to see you out therein peace, Aia then added with a smile, and with those final words, she became engulfed in flames and quickly ascended into the sky, in the same star-like form she had assumed, when she first arrived. 
Callum, Simone and Mary, stood over Drellic and couldnt help but take pity on him. 
What do we do with him? Mary asked. 
We can still study him. Theres still time, Simone said. 
No, Callum sternly replied. Were going to do exactly what she said, Callum added, as Drellic nervously looked up at him and remained curled up in a feeble ball, on the metal platform. 
What are you talking about? Simone asked. 
Hes going to answer to his peopleby dying with them. Ill drive, Callum said.
Callum then picked Drellic up and slung him over his shoulder. In his diminishing state, he weighed only a little less than one hundred pounds. The sun was rising in Sydney, as Callum carried Drellic back to his stolen recon ship, which was still parked on the outskirts of the city. 
Mary and Simone walked alongside and watched as hundreds of people were coming out of their makeshift homes and tents, to witness Drellics end. No words were spoken. There was still a great deal of animosity to be had for the citizens, as most of them had betrayed humanity in order to stay alive, under Drellics rule. 
Callum remained focused on the ship as they walked, while Simone gave an angry glare to any who were watching them. Mary simply kept her eyes on the ground, and refused to look anyone in the eye. The three of them finally reached the ship and boarded it. A moment later, the ship launched and headed out into space, leaving the ruins of Sydney and the gleaming Delendra Tower, behind. 

In the following years, factions that would later become governments, were formed by those who fought alongside the resistance, during the dark years under Drellics rule. Despite the outrage of many resistance fighters, there was to be no form of capital punishment for any of Drellics followers, regardless of their crimes. It was said that in a society that would have to rebuild from the ground up, all human beings were to be given a clean slate, in order to display the difference between the philosophies of a ruthless dictator, and that of the leaders of a free society. It was also common knowledge that there were more people still alive in the world who had betrayed humanity, than had not.
Callum, Simone and Mary were not seen again for three days, after departing Sydney, on the night of Drellics defeat. But what happened during those three days, was just a small occurrence, in a long chain of events to come. These events would one day lead to the discovery of a very different kind of evil, buried beneath the red soil of Mars; or, Tyrran, as its current inhabitants preferred it to be called.

Epilogue

On May 22nd, 2031, a fast, sleek recon patrol ship, of Drellics design, landed near Aeolis Mons (Mount Sharp), on Mars. The radically advanced ship had gotten its occupants to the Martian surface in less than 24 hrs. 
Massive, quick moving dust devils, tore across the rocky surface, sending debris smashing into the ship. Given its nearly impenetrable hull, the dust devils were having no effect. The ship remained stationary, hovering just a few inches above the planets surface, as its pilot, Callum Hammond was waiting patiently for the Martian winds to die down. 
Aboard the ship, Callum Hammond, Simone West and Maryann Santos were sealed inside fully pressurized EVA suits. Lying at their feet, was a rapidly aging and deteriorating Drellic, who was not afforded the comfort and security of a suit that would protect him from the violent conditions outside. 
Drellic was barely conscious, but was still able to squirm around, while lying on his back. He knew what punishment was awaiting him. More importantly, he knew where he was. Drellic had decided that it would be a fitting end for him. 
He had remained awake for most of the trip to Mars, and upon arrival, knew right away that he was going home to Tyrran, the true planet of his birth; a truth known only to Callum and Simone, before their most recent departure from Earth. 
A few moments later, the dust devils ceased their fast violent rotations and faded away. 
Should be safe to open up now, Mary said. 
If were going to do this, we should do it now, Simone added. 
Callum nodded and replied, Lets give him what hes always wanted. Lets send him home. 
Callum got out of his seat, while Simone and Mary minded the ships controls. Callum lifted Drellics body with ease, as Simone depressurized the ship, causing Drellics body to thrash about. She then opened the outer hatch, exposing the inside of the ship to the Martian environment. 
Without hesitation, Callum threw Drellics body out onto the Martian soil. Drellic was already dead from the moment the cabin was depressurized, but it still pleased Callum, Simone and Mary just the same, to see his body lifelessly crash into the Martian surface. 
Thats it. Lets go home, Callum said, as they sealed the hatch and re-pressurized the ships cabin. 
Heres to new beginnings, Simone said with a smile, as the ship quickly left the Aeolis Mons area and headed back to Earth.

Several hours passed on the Martian surface, as the environment ate away at Drellics skin, organs and bones, until there was almost nothing left. As his eyes were on the verge of falling from their sockets, a tremor vibrated beneath Drellics body, and a circular opening in the Martian surface, appeared beside him. 
A faint white glow, then illuminated from the opening, and a platform carrying three large human-like beings, ascended to the surface. The three creatures were wearing dark colored pressure suits, of their own, and although appeared to be human in nature, had dull gray skin and haunting black eyes. They also seemed feeble and poorly nourished, as they staggered towards Drellics remains. One of the creatures spotted the symbol of Siren and Tyrran on Drellics uniform and communicated recognition to the others. 
Together, the three creatures carefully picked up Drellics remains and carried them to the opening in the surface. They rode the automated platform down, several hundred feet, through a tunnel of rock, until reaching a long corridor of water tanks that stretched as far as the eye could see.
Each cylindrical, transparent tank, contained a naked, modern adult human. There were men, women and children of all ethnicities present. The people in the tanks were hooked up to intravenous tubes that connected them to the sides of their tanks. 
Drellics remains were given to two other similar looking creatures, who took them away on a rolling cart. The three creatures who had initially found Drellics body, then removed their protective helmets and each approached a separate water tank. 
They each hooked up their bare arms to IV drips, which were attached to the outsides of the tanks, and simultaneously extracted blood and nutrients from the humans inside. When they were finished with their seemingly daily routine, they disappeared down the corridor and went about their business. Printed on the wall, above the entrance to the corridor, was the unity symbol of Siren and Tyrran. 

THE END







	









The Shadow Colony
Book Two of, The Drellic Saga
Copyright 2013 Michael John Marlinski
ISBN: 9781301431267





Prologue

From the moment modern man had made the decision to one day colonize Mars, the eager group of wide eyed dreamers, determined to be the first of many colonists, were condemning themselves to a life not worth living. 
The most commonly discussed reason for setting foot on Mars, was the idea that the planet could be terra formed over the course of a century, and as modern humanity began to push its way into the 21st century, growing concerns about eventual over population and the scarcity of natural resources on Earth, were becoming more and more apparent. 
Due to the ongoing fiscal and political issues that plagued the worlds most powerful nations, a manned mission to Mars seemed to be the furthest thing from anyones mind. Even in the early 2030s, as the human race was taking its first steps towards rebuilding itself, after the devastating reign of Drellic, the general population and most of the surviving men and women in power, were convinced that no man had ever before set foot on Martian soil. 
Unbeknownst to them all, The Darkside Group had been sending secret manned missions to Mars, since the 1990s. 7 long, white and black cylindrical rockets, reminiscent of the Apollo era in the 1960s and 70s, were constructed on the surface of the moon in the year 1994. 
Each rocket was capable of transporting 253 people to Mars in less than 6 months. These crude but effective machines called Mars Arcs or Marcs for short, were very simple in design and functioned as one way tickets to Aeolis Mons, also known as Mount Sharp. 
Aeolis Mons was chosen as an ideal place to construct the first of many atmospheric generators on the surface of Mars. The colonists being dispatched to the Red Planet, were assigned the long and grueling task of converting the mountain into a greenhouse gas factory. The purpose of which, was to thicken the Martian atmosphere and raise the temperature of the planet. 
The Mars Arcs contained enough storage space for 253 cryotubes for human passengers, food and supplies for those on board, and the equipment needed to complete each Mars Arcs phase of the Mars Mission.
One Arc was launched every year, once all 7 of them had been built and successfully tested. The 12 months in between each launch were spent recruiting new colonists. Much to the delight of the heads of Darkside, the majority of the people they interviewed for the various colony positions, were overjoyed at the thought of indefinitely leaving their world behind, to break ground on a new one. From 1994-2001, Darkside had successfully sent 1,771 colonists to Aeolis Mons. 
In 2010, Darkside had developed a new propulsion system for the Marcs, capable of getting them to the Red Planet in three months, instead of six. Once that breakthrough had been made, ten more Marcs were built on the lunar surface. Then, tn what seemed like a frantic act of desperation, the Darkside leaders traveled the globe, visiting military bases, science laboratories and Ivy League college campuses, in an effort to speak to as many potential candidates, as they could. 
They boasted that they were ready to begin construction on new terra forming facilities and that those who were willing to make the journey, were paving the way for a better future for humankind. The 253 passenger rockets could then be launched once every three months, instead of once a year. 
From 2010-2012, the ten new Marcs had been dispatched, and 2,530 more people had been shipped out to other Martian landing sites. Aside from Aeolis Mons, the majority of the new colonists had been dispatched to the Gusev Crater, which was of interest, because it was believed to have at one time been the site of a very long and deep lake. This made it an ideal spot on which to build a facility, because it would have very little exposure to the harshness of the Martian environment. 
Others were sent to Meridiani Planum, which was a plain rich with hematite, a mineral typically formed in hot springs on Earth. Any colonists sent to the plain, were instructed to dig into the Martian soil, in the hopes of finding a hypothesized underground river of toxic, but eventually viable water. 
After 2012, no additional manned missions were launched to Mars for some time. As the years passed, the family and friends of those who had departed from Earth, were becoming restless and threatened to release their knowledge of Darksides Mars Initiative to the general public, if they were not continuously updated by their loved ones. 
In exchange for their silence, the colonists friends and family were given secret links to online video feed from the mission, including personal messages from those who had left them behind. It seemed to appease the majority of those who had spoken out at first, but as time went on, more frustration ensued. 
The video messages were gargled and filled with static. They were difficult to understand and faces were often impossible to make out. Angry parents would bombard the Darkside offices with phone calls, saying that the people sending those messages, were not even their sons or daughters. 
What had begun as controversy, then quickly evolved into a massive and outspoken conspiracy theorist movement. However, thanks to a plentiful supply of science fiction television and film, as well as the already popular conspiracy theories surrounding Roswell, New Mexico and Area 51, anyone who went to the media about the secret Mars missions were almost immediately disregarded and laughed at.  
By 2020, the majority of the people who had lost friends and family members to Mars, had given up on threatening Darkside. Those not nave about the situation knew that their cries would continue to go unheard and that they were never going to see or hear from the colonists again. 
8 more years would pass, before Drellic arrived on Earth in May of 2028. Once he began single handedly dominating all of human society, the Martian colonists had become seemingly forgotten. More questions surrounding the Martian colonies didnt arise until months after Drellics sudden and mysterious defeat, as loosely formed factions around the globe, began marking their territories and worked to rebuild the societies that once were. 
Most of the Darkside officials who knew the truth about Mars, had died during the Drellic War. Those who lived to endure, either never had the security clearance necessary to learn the truth, or had taken a vow of silence. But there was one man at the center of the Mars situation, whom had taken a particular interest in three resistance fighters, who had made the unfortunate mistake of sneaking away to Mars with Drellics mortal remains, at the end of the war. 
His name was Winston Severov, a portly Russian man in his early 60s, with short dark hair, parted neatly on his right and flawlessly slicked to his left. His hair reached a sharp point just over his left eye, like a small pocket knife. His eyes were dark blue and cold and he stood just under 5 feet, 7 inches tall. 
But for a stout, shorter man, he had an incredibly intimidating presence, causing those around him to avoid looking him in the eye, but cautiously look over their shoulders, as he passed. 
The date was January 7th, 2032, and Winston was currently the commanding officer at a new Darkside training facility in Moscow, Russia. He was sitting in his office, which was very old fashioned looking, considering the time period. He sat behind a large wooden desk, covered in stacks of miscellaneous papers and corresponding bland, circular silver paper weights. 
Cigar smoke flowed from his ash tray, at the corner of the desk and lined the smoke stained burgundy walls that surrounded him. The room was dimly lit, as sunshine crept through the blinds, covering the large glass window behind him. The window was only open a crack, allowing for the slightest breeze to occasionally sneak passed the blinds and interfere with the steady flow of cigar smoke, which was continuing to collect in an ominous fog, above him. 
Sitting in the center of his desk, was a 1960s typewriter. The off white colored sheet of paper inside, had already accumulated a paragraphs worth of Winstons orders for his loyal foot soldiers, waiting downstairs in the buildings main foyer. Winston then cracked his pale knuckles and allowed his long, slender pale fingers to seamlessly glide over the keys, as he continued typing his confidential document. 
After Drellics invasion of Moscow, four years earlier, most modern technology had either been confiscated or was destroyed throughout the entire country. Most wouldve considered the very presence of an old fashioned type writer to be a gross inconvenience, but Winston rather appreciated the simplicity of it. He felt that the simple act of hand delivering orders on a piece of paper, typed on the primitive contraption, reflected the simplicity and directness of the orders themselves. 
Apprehend Callum Hammond, Simone West-Hammond and Maryann Santos, as per previous request. Last known whereabouts enclosed in previous document, were the opening lines on his newest page, and were written using the Cyrillic alphabet, still commonly used in the region. 
English had been the dominate language spoken throughout the world since the 2020s, but Winston was a patriot to the old Soviet Union, and although he kept that part of himself a secret, while acting within the Darkside ranks, he still took advantage of every opportunity to showcase it, discretely. 
Winston pushed the typewriters platen to the side and began his next line. He displayed the slightest hint of hesitation, before he began typing his next words which read, The use of deadly force has been authorized, in the event that the targets resist arrest. 
His brief hesitation might have been misinterpreted by some, as an internal struggle between himself and his conscience, but Winston was merely pondering the right way to word his final orders, as a sly smile came across his face. 
Once he finished typing his name and Darkside title, Priority One Overseer, at the bottom of the page, he carefully removed the page from the type writer and signed his name with a dusty, black BIC pen, which was jagged and deformed at the end, from Winston having chewed on it for hours, day to day. 
He then, both promptly and neatly, folded the piece of paper twice over and placed his orders in a small manila envelope. After reaching for his cigar, taking one final long puff and putting it out in the ashtray, he rose from his creaky wooden chair and exhaled a long stream of smoke, reminiscent of a steam trail from an old locomotive. 
He then held the manila envelope firmly in his right hand and glided towards his chipped and scratched wooden door. It opened with a shrill creaking sound and revealed a long dark hallway, the walls and corners of which, were barely visible to the eye. 
The ceiling was lined with dimly lit spotlights. As a result, Winston seemed to disappear in and out of existence, as he passed beneath them. Upon reaching the end of the hallway, he made his way down a rickety, wooden spiral staircase. 
Six men, wearing black ski masks, black overalls and holding oversized, black assault rifles, were there to meet him, when he reached the bottom. They quickly sprinted across the shiny marble floor of the main foyer. The bright sun, shone down on them through a gargantuan, circular crystal skylight over their heads, illuminating the flawless, freshly painted white walls that enclosed the room. 
One of the foot soldiers reluctantly approached Winston, who wore a stern, authoritative look upon his face. Winston handed the envelope to the foot soldier, who quickly, but carefully, took it from him and placed it in his chest pocket, inside his overalls. 
After nodding to Winston and returning his attention to his fellow officers, they marched towards the buildings main entrance in single file, leaving Winston alone, to ponder the probability of the missions success, from the base of the staircase. 
Winston then walked behind the staircase, towards golden elevator doors that gleamed in the piercing sunlight. He pressed a red key on the wall, to the right of the doors, causing them to promptly part ways, allowing him to enter the cramped, musty elevator car. 
The gray interior of the elevator was moldy and dusty, with smoke stains lining the four top corners of the car. Once the doors closed, he pressed another single red key, to the left of the inner doors and watched carefully, as the red digital floor counter above him, counted down from 1, to 0A, to 0B. 
Winston came to an abrupt stop on Level 0B and jolted ever so slightly, though it didnt seem to faze him. The elevator doors parted ways again, revealing a large steel walled hangar bay. It was brightly illuminated by three giant spotlights on the ceiling, offering a haunting and enchanting glow to the sleek spacecraft, parked beneath them. 
The ship that Winston was quickly approaching, was the recon patrol ship that Callum Hammond, Simone West-Hammond and Maryann Santos had stolen from Drellics forces and flown to Mars, a few months earlier. 
The ship seemed weightless, as it was still hovering just a few feet off the ground, in its typical fashion, even though the ship itself had been completely shut down for days. Even Winstons best and brightest engineers had no idea as to the nature of the auto-hover like technology, present in the ships propulsion system; a system which seemed to run on an unknown, undetectable and self-renewing energy source. 
He shielded his eyes from the ships gleaming silver hull, as he opened the side hatch and stepped inside the dark cabin of the vessel. He pulled a small black touch screen remote from his pocket and tapped a few keys. This brought a single computer console inside the ships cabin, online. 
A faint buzzing sound could be heard from the consoles power source, as a keypad and monitor were revealed, glowing pleasantly in the vessels otherwise pitch black rear compartment. A dark green and slimy, almost organic-like cable fiber, connected the left side of the keypad to a shiny metallic box, covered in the ancient human language, relevant during the time of Drellics war with the Architects. 
This device, was the ancient recorder that Darkside had discovered in Antarctica years earlier; the device which had first alerted them to the existence of the ancient human civilizations on Earth and Mars, previous to the now disproved Big Bang Theory. 
Winston peered over at the three metallic seats in the ships cockpit to his right, dangling from the ceiling, by the presumably unsecure metal beams, and organic straps, which seemed to slither down from the ceiling on their own, awaiting Winstons weight to be applied to one of the chairs. 
He quickly dismissed the idea of using one of them and knelt down in front of the glowing data screen. He touched certain word characters on the top of the ageless recording device, in a certain order and observed, as a white trail of energy slid from the recorder to the monitor, via the organic fiber. 
The first of many events and images were instantly displayed on the screen. Winston looked on, as a panoramic view of the city of Siren on Ancient Earth, intensely brightened the cabin of the ship. He then used the keypad, to fast forward through the various still frame images and video feeds, until he reached a pulled back view of an Earth-like world, in close proximity with a larger world, of nearly the same appearance and composition; partially eclipsed by the smaller of the two. 
This was a video stream of Siren and Tyrann, or Earth and Mars, traveling together on their closely timed elliptical orbits around their sun. Winston then used the keypad to fast forward several hours ahead, in just a few seconds, until he reached the footage he had been searching for from the beginning. 
A tall pale man with short, bleach blond hair, bright blue eyes and chapped white lips, was shown, sitting in a dimly lit room, intently staring at a crude looking monitor. The tall, thin man, roughly eight feet tall, and dressed in a flowing, light blue robe, was gazing intently at his screen, in almost the same way that Winston was staring at him, from the cabin of the recon ship. 
The man looked on, as a static filled image appeared on the monitor before him, revealing the face of Drellic Kail. Winston eagerly and attentively continue to watch, as boiling hot sparks, began to fly at the frightened looking man from the miscellaneous and incredibly advanced looking electronics, lining the walls of his room. 
Winston then leaned in closer to his screen, struggling to hear the words being spoken by both the pale, blond man and Drellic. 
Slain, Mine von da net de veren, Drellic said to the man, with what Winston perceived to be a heavy heart. 
Winston quickly rose from his knee and decided to reposition himself, by sitting flat on the floor of the still quietly hovering ship. This was the moment he had been waiting for. As he made himself comfortable, he pulled a small black book from his pocket, which was filled with black ink scribbled words from the ancient human language, along with their corresponding English translations. 
Upon frantically flipping through the pages and replaying Drellics first few words to the mysterious blond man, over and over again, he had finally come to understand their meaning.
 In a moment of weakness and utter sadness, Drellic had said, Brother, I fear the end is coming. 
Winston was witnessing a fifteen billion year old conversation, between Drellic and his younger brother, Daelon Kail.


Part One: Of Destiny

Chapter One

As the people of Siren grew to cherish and admire Drellic, in the years leading up to their annihilation at the hands of The Architects, the people of Tyrran had little choice, but to turn to Drellics brother, Daelon, for protection and guidance, in their final days. 
Circa 15 billion years ago, before the Architects Planet Farmers turned their tools of creation into weapons of mass destruction, sending Tyrran into oblivion, Daelon had become one of the last survivors in a very long chain of command. One hundred years after Drellic had first declared war on the Architects, the bulk of the fleet of Planet Farmers and other specialty vessels, had massed in orbit around Siren, and begun their final assault on the billions of humans below. 
Millions of them had been infused with Starblood, and were using their new found gifts to aid Drellic in his campaign to slaughter the powerful aliens, claiming to be their creators. Those of the Tyrranese people who had been given the gift of Starblood, by Drellic, were also on Siren, fighting by his side. This included several officials at the top of the Tyrranese government. 
As Siren was about to fall, Drellic sent a gargled transmission to Daelon, in which he had said, Brother, I fear the end is coming. Your Emperor is dead. Your council is dead. Your generals are dead. The battle is lost here. But Tyrran still has a chance to survive and preserve our way of life. Dear brother, the future of our people is now in the hands of the archivists. Go now to The Depths, and fulfill your destiny. 
Daelon knew what Drellic was about to ask of him, and felt the intense pressure of the legacy of two worlds weighing down on him. He shook with fear, as a violent tremor shook his chamber. The various electronic consoles surrounding him, appeared to be losing power. Bright sparks of electricity leapt from the walls around him and attacked him, like fire born insects, mercilessly striking his bare arms and face, while setting the bottom of his light blue cloak, ablaze. 
He frantically sprang up from his rusty metal work bench and tore off the cloak, revealing a tight fit black jump suit, nearly identical to Drellics government issued uniform. A few moments passed, before the sparking of circuit boards and LEDs finally came to a stop and every electronic device in the room was dead. Drellics face then abruptly vanished from the monitor. 
Daelon was known as the High Archivist of the planet Tyrran. There were hundreds of other archivists under his charge, spread throughout the world, but Daelon had been selected by his Emperor to be the keeper of every last historical record of man. These records spanned a three million year union between Siren and Tyrran, as well as the billions of years the two worlds had spent apart, before becoming technologically advanced enough to discover one another. 
In the final days of the Architect War, the last of those in power on Tyrran, including the Emperor himself, had accepted Drellics gift of Starblood and were currently engaged in the final battle on Siren. In the Emperors absence, the Archivists alone, were left to care for Tyrran and the digital legacy of humankind. 
After a few minutes, the tremors had subsided and all was silent inside Daelons chamber, aside from the humming of a small metallic box. The Archivists Oath had been inscribed upon it. Daelon himself, had worked tirelessly to brand the box with the oath, with a Starblood infused cutting torch, days earlier. 
The Architects themselves, had yet to make a physical appearance upon, or around Tyrran, but the effects of their presence were already being felt worldwide, and had been for the last century. Using their combined power sources, the Architect vessels surrounding Siren, sent a powerful electro-magnetic pulse across the vacuum of space, which infected every fusion powered or electrical device on Tyrran, rendering them all useless.
It was no doubt, a prelude to invasion, indicating to Daelon that he had little time to act upon Drellics wishes. As he had just been informed, the entire Tyrranese chain of command had been slaughtered, right down to the Archivist Order. Archivists were in no danger of becoming warriors before this happened. However, as Drellic had just communicated to Daelon, in the most panicky tone he had ever heard escape his brothers lips, the record keepers of man, were now the last line of defense for Tyrran. 
Knowing that the days of man were on their way to an abrupt end, Daelon had also taken it upon himself to consolidate every major event in the history of his race that had ever been recorded, onto a single recording device. The metallic box, known as the Talin, was made of an indestructible alloy that Daelon, along with the greatest scientists on the planet, had synthesized themselves. It was built to withstand any form of weather or catastrophic event. It also carried a small fusion reactor, capable of powering it for possibly billions of years, which Daelon had also co- invented. 
It was the only power source of its kind and couldnt be used to power other devices, since all other power sources had been drained, planet wide, in a matter of minutes. As the newly appointed Emperor by default, Daelon had even more of a responsibility to the preservation of mans legacy and would gladly give his own life, before allowing the Talin to fall into the hands of his enemies. The information contained within the Talin, was meant for either future generations of man or other cosmic travelers, with no affiliation with The Architects. 
There was only one place on the planet, where Daelon felt the safety of the Talin would be ensured. He would have no choice, but to carry it on foot to Delendra tower, a gleaming mile high tower in the center of Faul City, identical to a tower of the same name on Siren. 
Daelon was currently inside the basement of the Hall of Records, on the outskirts of Faul City, the capital of Tyrran. Since the arrival of the Architects, many of those left behind to fend for themselves, while millions of others had been given Starblood and were engaged in battle on Siren, were beginning to resent Drellic for having initiated the conflict. 
The people were losing hope, and as their morale faded and bitterness grew, Daelon was becoming a target. His only chance of making it to the tower with the Talin, was to attract as little attention to himself as possible. He reached down and picked up his cloak, which was burnt along the bottom. He quickly put it on and threw his hood over his head. 
As he turned to leave the room, he hit a particular sequence of characters on top of the Talin, which powered it down. Once its quiet hum fell silent, Daelon put it under his cloak and held it tightly to his right side. Another tremor then shook the floor beneath him, nearly knocking him to the floor. He caught his balance on the wall with his free hand and cautiously made his way up the basement steps. 
He could hear people shouting outside, as the tremor came to a stop. The rickety wooden stairs creaked beneath his feet with every step. His eyes grew more and more anxious, as he approached the top of the stairs. He was inches away from the rusting steel door, leading to the outside. 
Sunlight crept through the small, stain glass window in the center of the door. Daelon peeked through the window, to see a mother and two small children, next to a broken down hover craft. The useless hunk of brown scrap metal, laid lifeless on its side, as the mother struggled to restart its engine. Daelon couldnt help but silently mock her, as she obliviously continued to attempt restarting the craft, without seeing the dozens of other disabled crafts around her. 
His patience was running out, but Daelon was paranoid about the womans potential affiliations with his new enemies. After a few more minutes, she finally gave up, grabbed her children and ran in the direction of a growing crowd, at the base of the stone steps, which led to the Hall of Records main entrance. For a moment, the side street that Daelon had been observing was completely deserted. He then quickly, but cautiously, exited the building and made his way towards Delendra Tower.
When he reached the end of the street, he came to a black paved intersection, covered in metallic debris from downed civilian and military ships. The light from the sun, combined with the brightness of the flames in the debris, blinded Daelon, as he struggled to weave his way through the chaotic area. 
Sparks flew in his direction, adding to the black char that had already accumulated on his cloak. The Talin almost slipped from beneath his arm. He knelt down, in what seemed like a circle of fire, and repositioned it. Once he had a firm hold on it, he got to his feet. 
He could see Delendra, shining brightly in the sunlight overhead, towering over the other skyscrapers in downtown Faul, like a silent guardian. He squinted to see passed Delendra, where he saw Siren, floating in the distance. The two worlds were only 239,000 miles apart and kept their respective bodies of water in perfect equilibrium, sharing a bond similar to the one Earth had once shared with its moon. 
Although it was a beautiful sight to see, Daelon could clearly tell that the faint lights illuminating from the surface of Siren, were not the normal twinkling specks, generated by of millions of city lights, but great fires, the size of entire continents, on the scorched world. 
He looked on, as he perceived the Architect vessels surrounding Siren, to look like small, black sea creatures, with tentacles, extending through the atmosphere, igniting the land, as if it were paper. At that moment, he knew Siren had fallen. He also assumed that both his parents and his brother, had already been killed, leaving Daelon as the last surviving member of Kail House. 
One hundred years before the fall of Siren, Drellic had shared the gift of Starblood with his parents. At the time, he was an only child, and the three Kails ruled over Siren with iron fists, while relishing in their supernatural abilities and immortality for a century. For the better part of that period, the Kails believed that the battle had turned around and that mans victory was inevitable. 
But at the time, they hadnt seen even half of the Architect army. When the bulk of the Architect forces finally arrived, Drellics mother, Syll, became pregnant with Daelon. Despite the protests of Drellic and his father, Morn, Syll refused to have an abortion and gave birth to Daelon, thirty four years before the fall of Siren. 
By this time, the last of Drellics Starblood stockpile had been used up. Daelon was not only born into a world of total chaos and impending annihilation, he was destined to be frail and mortal, never to be afforded the superhuman gifts that had been taken for granted by those around him. 
When he came of age to leave Siren on his own, he was sent to Tyrran to become an Archivist. History had always been a passion of Daelons, and his family felt it would be the best way for him to live some kind of fulfilling life, before the end of days. It was that love for history and the preserving of knowledge and legacies that was driving Daelon to continue to push forward. 
Even if all else failed, Daelon was determined to send the Talin somewhere safe, where the knowledge of man could perhaps one day be salvaged by those deserving. He believed this would prevent his people from dying in vain. 
As Daelon continued to gaze up into the heavens at his brothers world, he noticed that the swarm of sea monster-looking ships surrounding Siren, was getting larger. The Architect vessels were bunching together and nearly eclipsing the planet. A moment later, they spread out again, making Siren completely visible. 
The once gleaming blue orb that had served as a beacon of hope and prosperity to the Tyrranese, had been reduced to a decaying ball of fire. The vessels responsible for the slaughter of the Sirenese people, were subsequently getting much larger in the Tyrran sky. 
Daelon knew he had only a few hours left to accomplish his goal. He shook with fear again, as he choked back his tears and buried his emotions. He knew that staying focused on the task at hand, would be his only salvation. 
No longer fearing retaliation from the citizens of Faul City, Daelon used every ounce of strength he had left, to make a run for Delendra Tower. He sprinted down the street, while weaving through the seemingly endless obstacle course of disabled vehicles and debris from ships and buildings. He dodged fiery spark after fiery spark, and used the pain of occasionally being burned, to drown out his urge to throw the Talin to the ground and scream in agony. 
A few minutes later, he was finally at the main entrance to Delendra, but before he could ascend the steel steps leading to the front doors to the building, a loud rumble came from overheard, startling him. He whirled around to see a small gray Star Fighter, with the ringed circles- mans symbol of celestial unity, painted on its side, in white. 
It was the same symbol seen on every Sirenese and Tyrranese banner; two circles, representing the two worlds, with a bold ring around them. The fighter evasively navigated through the web of skyscrapers, surrounding Delendra, and prepared to land at the foot of the towers metal steps, where Daelon was standing. 
The bottom thrusters of the ship, kicked up dust and debris from the ground, sending it flying at Daelons face. Daelon shielded himself, as the ship extended its landing stanchions and landed in the middle of the street, with a loud thud. The ships side hatch promptly opened and a taller man for the time period, roughly nine feet tall, hopped down to the ground and aggressively walked towards Daelon. The man had long burgundy colored hair, was very muscular and wore tan overalls and large black military boots. He didnt appear to be armed, but Daelon was assuming the worst. As the man got closer, revealing his piercing gaze and dirt covered, olive skin, Daelon recognized him. 
Much to his dismay, the new arrival was called Core. He was one of Drellics lieutenants. One of the few who had also never been exposed to Starblood, due to its depletion. Core had never liked Daelon, because he felt that he was weak in nature and served no purpose in battle. To Core, this made Daelon unworthy of the Kail name. Core had also become extra bitter over time, because like Daelon, he had been born after the last of Drellics Starblood was gone, making him feel quite useless himself. 
Daelon had no interest in wasting any time with Core. 
What are you doing here, Core? Daelon asked, with confidence. 
All their power, Core began. And they couldnt save us. Theyre all dead, he continued as tears streamed down his face. 
I know, Daelon replied with sorrow. There was nothing you couldve done. 
Thats the point! Core screamed. 
His voice echoed through the deserted buildings around them, sending a chill down Daelons spine. 
Think of all that couldve happened differently, if I had just been born a few decades sooner, Core continued. If I had their giftsthings wouldve been much harder for our enemies. So many of us would still be alive right now. Mark my words 
Daelon turned his attention to the Architect fleet, much larger in the sky and closing fast. At that moment, he couldnt help but laugh at Cores arrogance and ignorant nature. 
Really? Daelon asked him with a smile. You? You alone, couldve turned the tide? Is that honestly what youre saying? Turn around and look up, Daelon boasted, pointing up to the approaching ships in the sky. Look at that and tell me what you couldve done to stop them! 
Core refused to turn and face the Architect fleet and continued approaching Daelon. He then pulled a long blade from a pouch strapped to his side and quickly charged him. Core pushed Daelon back, causing him to trip over the steel steps. Daelon landed on his back. The Talin had popped out from under his arm and was only concealed by a thin part of his cloak, still draped over it. 
Core looked down at the box shaped bulge under Daelons cloak, as he pressed his knife to his throat. 
Thats it, isnt it? Core asked, as he pressed the blade more firmly against Daelons skin. 
What? Daelon gasped. 
Dont act oblivious. Im hardly in the mood, Core spat, in his typical mid pitched sinister tone. I know what youve got there, he continued. And thats why Im here. Drellic told me what you intend to do with the Talin. Im afraid I cant let you bury it in the Depths. 
The Depths Core was referring to, were a series of underground caverns that had been retrofitted as fallout shelters, at the beginning of the war. Once sealed by their impenetrable metal shields, they could only ever be opened again from the inside. 
Drellic told you about it? Daelon asked. 
Oh, yes. He told me everything. Just before I watched him die, Core replied. 
You saw my brothers death? Daelon asked, with panicky breaths. 
I did, Core answered. He died like a true war hero should. He sacrificed himself, in order to get in one final blow to the enemy and ensure my survival. I managed to escape with a few others, undetected, after the planet was incinerated. They stripped us of our atmosphere and bathed every square inch of land and ocean in flame. Drellic was aboard my ship. The same one you see here behind me. Without fear, he sealed himself in the airlock and jumped through space from my ship onto one of theirs. He glowed like the sun. The vacuum didnt even faze him. It was magical. 
And that was the last you saw of him? Daelon coughed, from beneath the shimmering knife, still gripped firmly in Cores hand. 
He died a hero, Core replied. Or at least better than you were about to die, before I got here. Give it to me! 
Core reached beneath Daelons cloak and grabbed the Talin. He then released Daelon and backed away from him, holding it up to the sky. 
Do you know what this is?! Core yelled. The power source you created for this thing, is about to be converted into the greatest weapon our species has ever known! This is what is going to save Tyrran! 
Youre insane, Daelon replied, as he got back to his feet. It would only take out two Architect ships at best. 
Youre wrong, Core scoffed. Its so much more powerful than that. Drellic told me everything about it. You just never took the time to examine the details and learn its true potential. 
Daelon had gone to school with Core when they were children. He also had the misfortune of growing up in his familys house on Siren, while the Kails were away at war. Daelon had always felt as though, he had lived in Cores shadow his entire life. While Daelon focused his studies on science and the archives, Core was very much an athlete and prided himself on his physical strength and abnormally large size. 
Both Daelon and Core, spent their teenage years doing what they felt they had to do, to be useful in the war. Daelon felt the answer was buried somewhere in science, while Core, in his quest to compensate for his lack of Starblood, dedicated his life to being what Daelon perceived to be a merciless thug. 
In the end, it was Cores stealing the Talin and the certain extinction of humanity that drove Daelon to unleash his rage upon him.  After the slightest flicker of hesitation, Daelon let out a blood curdling scream and lunged at Core, knocking him to the ground. The Talin bounced off to Daelons left. 
He pounced on it, then carried it up the stairs towards Delendra. Core angrily pursued him. It didnt take Core long to catch up with Daelon, given his longer legs and superior athleticism. Core then dove onto Daelons back, flipped him over and pressed his knife to his throat once again, in the exact same fashion he had, while at the bottom of the staircase. 
I dont want to kill you. I want to make this last effort to save our people, together! Core screamed. But make no mistake. What you intend to bury could be our greatest weapon. Bury it and I will bury you. 
Daelon stared deeply into Cores eyes, uncertain of what to do or say next. He only knew that depending on his choice, he might have been taking his final breaths.


Chapter Two

It was a cold, wintery day at Langley Air Force Base, on January 8th, 2032. A dark green combat helicopter had just landed in front of a large hangar. The rusty metal door on the choppers side was flung open, as its blades continued to spin overhead. 
A tall soldier, dressed from head to toe in camouflage and armed with an assault rifle, hopped down to the ground. He then turned around and extended his hand to Simone West-Hammond, who had been seated behind him. She took his hand and jumped to the ground. A moment later, the helicopters side door was slammed shut, by someone inside. The chopper then promptly took off, leaving Simone and her escort behind on a black concrete runway, beside the giant gray hangar. 
Youll need to check in with the Admiral, said the soldier. 
The Admiral knows why Im here, Simone snapped. I was told Id have immediate transportation to Greenlawn. 
You will, he assured her. Right after The Admiral asks you a few questions, maam. 
This is ridiculous, she muttered. When I was last stationed here, I didnt have to answer to the military. 
Whether you like it or not maam, you live in a military state now. Now, please follow me, he ordered. 
The soldier then quickly walked over to a small side door on the hangar. He opened it and held it open for her, giving her a slightly arrogant smile, as she stepped forward. 
But just before stepping through the doorway, she looked the soldier in the eye and said, One day soon, when new elections are held, and the military is forced to answer to a civilian government again, youre going to have to wipe that fucking smirk off your face.  
With that, she stormed off into the dark hangar, as the soldier slammed the door behind her and locked it. She was startled by the sound of the door and fearfully looked around, realizing that she was seemingly alone and locked inside the shadowy room. 
Hello? she called out. 
Her voice echoed throughout the hangar, causing her to be even more on edge. A second later, she heard the sound of approaching footsteps, from the shadows ahead. 
Whos there?! What is this?! she loudly demanded. 
Just a moment, she heard an older man say, in the distance. Just give me a second to get this power situation figured out, he added. 
Seconds later, bright spotlights clicked on overhead, revealing one of Drellics automated defense drones. Its gleaming blue eye was just a few feet away from Simones head. She jumped back with fear and let out a shrill scream. 
No, its OK! the man said. Simone looked in the direction of the voice and saw a tall, elderly Caucasian man approaching her. She knew it was The Admiral, which was the only name she had ever heard anyone refer to him by, on her trip back to Langley. He stood 6 feet tall and was wearing a formal black military jacket. Gold bands marked the ends of his sleeves, and the jacket was pinned together by two rows of golden buttons, leading up to a series of multi-colored pins and medals on his chest. 
The Admiral pointed at the drone and said, Dont worry. Its unarmed. They all are. We were just performing some tests before the power went out. Theres nothing to be afraid of. 
Simone looked around the hangar in awe, to see that it was filled with other drones, recon ships and high-tech laser weapons, all of Drellics design. The Admiral extended his hand to Simone and introduced himself as Admiral David Clement. She then reluctantly removed her thick, black winter gloves and shook his hand. 
Is this a Darkside Facility? she asked. 
No. Far from it. Darkside is long gone. Or, at least, its not what it used to be, Clement answered. 
What do you mean? Simone asked. I thought there were no survivors. 
In a way, youre right. To be considered a survivor, youd have to be human, Clement said. 
He then pointed to a glass booth in the far corner of the hangar and said, You look like you could use some coffee. So could I. What do you say, you have a seat in my office? I promise I wont take much of your time. I know how important getting to Greenlawn, is to you. I knew Jack and Maureen pretty well. 
You knew my parents? asked Simone. 
Clement nodded and replied, I did. We went through a lot together in the old days. 
Simone cautiously followed him to the glass booth. Clement, seeing that she was still on pins and needles, smiled at her and said, Dont worry. No ones going to hurt you here. But we do have a lot to discuss about your future.
Simone removed her black fur coat and matching hat. She then reluctantly sat on a crude wooden stool in front of Admiral Clements desk, and glanced around the room at the miscellaneous military memorabilia, hanging on the walls. 
The Admiral coughed a bit, to clear his throat and sat behind his desk. His OCD was getting the better of him, as he spent several seconds repositioning the paper weights and papers in front of him. 
He then smiled at Simone and exclaimed, Well, first, let me start by saying that Im so glad to see you survived. Your parents wouldve been so proud of everything youve accomplished. 
Thank you, sir, she replied. But if you dont mind, Id like to cut to the chase. I spent the better part of my career, being accustomed to living in a country not governed by Marshall Law. 
Desperate times and desperate measures, maam, The Admiral said. Nothing more. Nothing less. Drellic led humanity to ruin. Were picking up the pieces, the best way we know how. Factions led by would-be communist dictators, have been springing up left and right. Some right here in the US. Half of them were traitors, while Drellic was here. 
And which side did you fight for? Simone quickly asked. 
Clement was thrown off by the question and paused, before clearing his throat again. What was that? he asked. Though, Simone knew he had heard her the first time. 
I asked which side you took during the Drellic Regime, she replied insinuatingly. 
Im a patriot, maam. I fought for freedom. Had to kill some of my best friends to do it too, he answered, in a cold tone. He then rose from his chair and glared down at Simone, in a manner she was quite used to. Clement was beginning to remind of her of Mandrake more and more, as time went on. 
Lady, you have no idea of the trouble youre in, do you? he asked. I assume youve heard of Winston Severov? 
Severov? You mean the Russian interrogation specialist from Darkside? Did he survive? Simone asked. 
Clement chuckled and replied, He survived and then some. He betrayed his country for Drellic and went insane because of it. Now, hes running Darkside from Moscow. That doesnt make sense, Simone said suspiciously. Darkside was a joint effort by the most powerful nations in the world. One Russian couldnt have assumed control of it. The others wouldnt allow it. 
Clement laughed again. What others? he asked. The last survivors of Darkside, aside from yourself, are in Moscow and are under Severovs command. Hes taken it underground. Rumor has it, hes looking for you, your husband and Maryann Santos. Long story short, you shouldnt have dumped Drellics body on Mars, last year. Big mistake.
He paused again to clear his throat, then went on to say, Dont get me wrong. I dont have a problem with the way he died. Hell, I probably wouldve done worse. And I can certainly appreciate the irony of returning him to the place of his birth, to watch him die with the remains of his ancestors, in an untainted world. All the son of a bitch ever talked about, was how inferior and unworthy we all were, here on Earth. Believe me. I get it. The only problem is, Mars mightve been a little more tainted than you, or even he realized.
Simone was baffled by The Admirals words. Before then, she had no idea that anyone on Earth was even aware of her excursion to the Red Planet, to dispose of Drellics remains. 
Clement noticed her reaction, scoffed and said, Before you even ask me how I knew about that, consider all the technology, you just saw hanging out in the next room. All of those recon ships are on the same network. Their flight recorders are linked. I saw everything. The problem is, so did Winston. Even worse, he has the exact ship, the three of you took there. 
Simone thought back to their return from Mars, in May of 2031. They had left their ship in the ruins of Sydney, amidst a pile of other junked technology, which Drellic had been responsible for. Callum, Simone and Maryann had returned to Sydney to oversee the destruction of Delendra Tower, which was just a small part of an extensive celebration to mark the end of Drellics rule. 
They remained in the city for the next seven months, right up until Christmas 2031 and New Years 2032, to aid the reforming government, in their efforts to salvage the remaining bits and pieces of civilization in Australia. 
After the New Years celebration, they went their separate ways. The ship they had stolen from Drellics people was left behind. She thought it had been destroyed as part of the celebration, along with dozens of other vehicles, weapons and structures, Drellic had been the architect of. 
Maryann returned to Houston, to meet her friends from the old resistance. Callum had gone to his hometown of Chicago, Illinois, to look for his parents, who were rumored to still be alive, while Simone was in the process of returning to her hometown of Newport News, Virginia, to visit her parents graves at Greenlawn Cemetary. She and Callum had arranged to meet the next day, at Langley Air Force Base, very near to where Simone was having her unpleasant conversation with Clement. 
I dont understand this, Simone said, with an uneasy tone. Why does Winston care if we went to Mars? 
That I dont know, Clement answered. I was never part of Darkside. I was actually hoping you could tell me. We need to know everything about this man. Supposedly, something happened on Mars and you people were at the center of it. 
Simone desperately thought back to her years with the organization, but couldnt recall a single time Mars had been mentioned to her in a practical sense. 
I honestly dont know anything about it. I have no idea why hes looking for us. Are you saying hes trying to kill us? she asked. 
Thats exactly what Im saying, said Clement. And unfortunately, he has the technology and the men, to do it rather quickly and efficiently. Hes already carried out several executions in Russia and other parts of Europe. Every time we try to move on him, he moves his operation, leaving behind no trace and we end up back at square one. Hes a shifty son of a bitch. 
Why is he killing people? asked Simone. So far, we cant establish any connection between the victims, other than the fact that they all claimed to have friends or relatives living on Mars, and that the government had put them there and were withholding information about them, Clement replied. 
Simone thought back for a few more minutes, all the while, becoming extremely upset. She refused to believe that the organization she had been a part of for all that time, was conducting business on Mars without her knowledge. 
So you really dont know anything? Clement asked her. 
No, I dont. Im at a loss for words about all of this, Simone replied. 
Thats unfortunate. The less you know, the more vulnerable you are. Youll never see Winston coming, Clement said. It may be in your best interest to stay on the premises, maam. For your own safety. Youre supposed to be meeting your husband here tomorrow, anyways. Assuming Severov hasnt found him yet. 
Dont even fucking say that, Simone snapped. Her emotions were showing through her tough exterior more and more, as the moments dragged by. And I wont be staying here, either. If this man is as efficient of a killer as you say, and has trained assassins at his disposal, then he might be able to kill me here, just as easily as out there on the road. I have even more a reason to visit my parents graves now. This might be my last opportunity. 
The Admiral looked her over, as if to measure her sincerity, and asked, Youre positive about that? 
One hundred percent, Simone quickly answered. But I couldnt help but notice that youre sitting on that stockpile of Drellic tech. I could use one of those laser rifles, if you have them. Ill also take one of those attack drones. I learned how to program them, from watching his men in Sydney, while I was held hostage. 
Ill give you what youve asked for, Clement began, hesitantly. But know this. Weve been working night and day to put this unit together, but we still dont know what were up against; not entirely. Once you leave here, youre on your own. Im not lending you any of my people. There arent many of us left as it is. 
I understand, sir. And thank you, Simone said, as she rose to her feet, put on her hat and coat, and headed for the door, leading back into the hangar. 
Where do you think youre going? Clement asked. 
Like I said. I know what I need and how to use it, Simone answered, confidently. Ill take it from here. 
Clement just sat back and watched, as Simone casually and efficiently, shopped his storage hangar for the weapons she had requested, along with a few other miscellaneous supplies. She acquired a laser rifle with a strap and slung it over her shoulder. Simone also found an empty, dark green duffle bag and filled it with some energy grenades, several throwing knives and a flashlight. Then, after zipping up the bag, she carried it to the opposite end of the room, where she located the attack drone that had frightened her, when she had first arrived. 
On a work bench next to the drone, was a bulky, rectangular remote control, made from dark carbon composite material. She recognized it immediately, knowing that it was exactly what she needed to reprogram the drone to obey her commands. 
She used the remote to order the drone to scan her face, marking herself as an ally and then gave it the simple task of following her to her car.  When she was finished, she made her way back to the side door of the hangar to find that it was still locked. Frustrated, she turned around and looked Clement over with a hint of her familiar, sassy arrogance, while anxiously pointing to the door. 
Clement shook his head in disapproval, then pressed a small red button on his desk, which sent a loud buzzing sound, echoing through the hangar and unlocked the door. With her faithful drone levitating closely behind her, she promptly swung the door open, leaving Clement and his treasure chest of radically advanced weapons and vehicles, behind. 
Clement then sat back behind his desk, let out a long sigh and said, What a waste. That crazy broad is going to get herself killed. 
He then looked up, as a man entered his office. It was the same soldier, who had escorted Simone to the hangar, from the helicopter, minutes earlier. 
Orders, sir? he asked Clement. What do you think? Clement sarcastically replied. Were going to let Winston Severov do what he does best. Once she gets out in the open, hell find her and make his move. 
So, were using her as bait? the soldier asked. 
Of course, Clement replied with a smile. Simone West isnt going to survive the next 24 hours. She shouldve never come back home.  Its a shame to be sure, but this is our best chance to take out Severov. We cant follow her. Hed just see us coming and abort his mission. But what we can do, is put a trace on the attack drone she took with her. Then once it starts shooting, well swarm in. Understood? 
The soldier saluted Clement with a loud, Yes, sir!, and left the room, once Clement rose to his feet and returned the salute. 
The Admiral, then walked to a frosty glass window, on the wall to his right. From there, he had a clear view of Simone, packing her things into the trunk of a black 2028 Sedan. It was one of the last working, civilian motor vehicles in the area. Clement had secured it for her when he had learned of her intentions to return to Langley. 
Simone slammed the trunk, then opened the back drivers side door, allowing the gleaming, orb shaped drone, to enter and hover over the backseat. Using the remote, she powered it down and watched its bright blue eye, dim down to total darkness. It then slowly drifted downward and came to a soft stop on the car seat. 
Clement continued to look on, as the massive metal gates, guarding the perimeter of the air base, parted ways, allowing her to drive off into the heavy snowfall. 


Chapter Three

A few feet from Delendra Towers main entrance, Daelon was still lying on his back, against the jagged metal staircase, at the towers base. Core had pressed his knife into Daelons throat, just hard enough to produce the slightest trickle of blood, while Daelon struggled to break free, from beneath Cores long hair and foul smelling breath. 
Are you ready to come to your senses now? Core whispered, as he began to drool onto Daelons face, in between his quick breaths. 
Daelon squinted his eyes and turned his head, as he did his best to endure Cores barbaric tactics and putrid odor. Despite his misgivings, he knew that appeasing Core for the time being, would be his only chance of getting him to withdraw his blade, and let him back on his feet. Aside from the two of them, the streets had become completely deserted for miles. Daelon had also made the assumption that Delendra Tower had been long evacuated. 
In addition, he knew that even if there were some people left in the area, no stragglers would be likely to come to his aid. Then, through Cores long, burgundy strands of hair, Daelon could see the sun setting in the distance, providing a much clearer view of neighboring planet Siren, still burning brightly, in the sky above. The light from the flaming world overhead, when combined with the light of the three moons, orbiting both Siren and Tyrran, created an ominous glow around the approaching Architect ships. 
During the one hundred year war that had raged between Drellics army and the Architects, the people of the two worlds of man had seen all the different classes of Architect vessels. However, it seemed as though the newer Planet Farmers were the only ships being used to carry out the annihilation of the human species. These were long, slender metallic ships that were primarily organic and wrapped in slimy, dark green and black tentacles, nearly 10,000 feet long, once completely unraveled. 
The tentacles expanded and retracted from each ships center and rear, and could secrete either deadly bursts of energy, or genesis producing energy, capable of creating environments suitable for carbon based life forms. Ironically, these sea monster-like ships were in the same class of vessels, used to create life on Siren and Tyrran, billions of years before. 
Daelon saw that the aliens were mere minutes away, from being able to reach out and touch Tyrrans atmosphere, with their ships extremities. 
So with a slow, sinking feeling, he swallowed his pride and said, Alright, Core. Just take it. Take it and do what you want. It doesnt matter anymore anyways. Were all dead. 
No were not, Core confidently replied, as he slowly pulled his blade from the blood droplets, covering Daelons throat. With your help, we can send those monsters a message that will make them think twice about attacking here. 
Daelon rolled his eyes, but remained still, as Core picked up the Talin and placed it in his pocket. 
Come with me, ordered Core, as he motioned for Daelon to follow him back to his ship. 
Together, they descended the staircase, and to Daelons complete lack of surprise, Cores vessel was found to be completely dead and utterly useless. They had entered to ships cockpit, to find a thick cloud of smoke, coming from the control consoles. 
You thought you could arrive late and avoid the electro-magnetic pulse, Daelon said, with a smirk. But thats right. You never paid attention in school. Architect technology doesnt work that way.
Core angrily punched his flight controls and pushed Daelon against the side of the ship, pressing him against the hot metal hull. Well then if youre so smart, why dont you explain it to me?! yelled Core. 
They did this to us once before, Daelon began. It happened in the beginning, when my brother first declared war upon them and destroyed their Flagship. When they send their pulse, it isnt a singular event. Its like an invisible parasite that blankets the world. Every time you try to use something, it steals the energy youre trying to use, making it even stronger. The parasite only leaves when the Architects take it away. Only this time, I doubt theyll find that necessary. 
Core then hastily removed the Talin from his pocket and activated it, by striking the correct combination of characters on its topside. Daelon was bewildered. 
How did you know how to do that? he asked Core. 
Drellic taught me everything he could about this device. I was ordered to weaponize it. Thats what I intend to do. 
No. He knew how important this device is. He wanted me to use it for its original purpose, Daelon insisted. 
Dont be a fool. I was standing right next to him, when he sent you that last message. When he said that Tyrran still had a chance to survive, he was talking about the potential this device has as a WEAPON, not a time capsule! Core aggressively replied. More importantly, Core continued, Why does the Talin still function? 
Daelon remained silent, but Core refused to be ignored and kicked Daelons legs out from under him. Daelon was once again lying on his back, as Core towered over him, firmly pressing his right boot against Daelons left cheek, pressing the right side of Daelons face against the warm metallic floor of the ship. 
That was the one thing Drellic couldnt explain to me, but said you could, Core whispered. Why does the Talin still work? What makes it so special? 
Something about the fusion reactor, Daelon gasped, from beneath Cores boot. Its a different kind of self-sustaining energy. Its not the same as other fusion powered 
Before Daelon could finish, Core removed his boot from Daelons cheek and violently kicked him in his ribs, before returning that same boot to its original position. He then pressed down on Daelons face even harder than before. 
Youre lying! Core shouted. This machine is your life. You know everything there is to know about it. I need to as well, in order to save our race. Tell me why it still works! 
Blood was streaming from Daelons nose, as his head was still firmly pressed against the metal plating on the ships floor. He knew he had to tell Core something to make him back off, if he had any chance of completing his mission. Finally, Daelon felt that the truth would be more than enough to get Core to release him. He just wasnt sure if he would live to see Core fail in the aftermath. 
Its Starblood, Daelon gasped. 
Cores eyes widened, as he removed his boot from Daelons face. What did you say? Core asked, in a state of shock. 
The Talins reactor runs on a combination of fusionand Starblood, Daelon replied.
All the rage that Core had ever felt for Daelon, meant nothing until that moment. His anger paralyzed him, as Daelon began to cough and spit more blood, while dragging himself back onto his feet. 
Daelon and Core were then standing face to face in the cockpit. 
You mean to tell me that you actually found some Starblood, and instead of using it on yourself, or using it to help save this planet, you put it in a box, to be buried in the ground?! Core screamed. 
Im telling you, it wouldnt have made any difference! Daelon screamed. Dont you understand?! Theres nothing we can do! Those things are up there and they are going to kill us all. Theyve trapped us here and surrounded us with dozens of ships. Theyre using technology we cant even conceive! Its over! 
Core pushed Daelon back up against the wall and screamed, Its over when I say it is! Drellic ordered me to hunt you down and turn you into the man youre supposed to be! Thats exactly what Im going to do!

Despite what most of the people of Siren had been led to believe, the Kails bloodline was actually conceived on Tyrran. Drellic and his parents were born in Faul City; the planets capital. Shortly after Drellic had destroyed the Architect flagship at the beginning of the war, Drellic briefly returned to Faul City, to make sure that Starblood found its way into the old neighborhoods he had grown up in. 
Six months before the destruction of Siren, decades later, Daelon was hiding in an abandoned building in one such neighborhood, while trying to escape a group of extremists, who blamed his family for the war and were trying to kill him. 
While cowering in an old stone basement, immersed in darkness and covered in dusty cobwebs, Daelon spotted a faint yellow glow in the corner of the room. Once he felt it was safe for him to move, he approached the strange light and knelt down beside it, to examine it. The light was emanating from just a few tiny droplets of liquid, very near to burning a hole in the cement floor. It was unmistakably, Starblood, from a supply that Daelon had thought was long depleted. 
At that moment, he had to make the most important choice of his life. In the end, instead of ingesting the divine liquid, or giving it to someone more inclined to be a warrior, he chose to experiment with it. Months later, just before the fall of Siren, he finally made his breakthrough. 
Combined with a small fusion reactor, the Starblood showed him that his lifes work would not go unfinished. A reaction was produced that ensured that the Talin would last for billions of years, without ever needing to be recharged and could endure any kind of harsh environmental change or other catastrophe. 
The incredibly small amount of Starblood, not only helped power the Talin, but bonded with the metal alloy, encasing its invaluable data, making it indestructible. Unless of course, Core were to successfully weaponize it. But Daelon was convinced that even with all its power, the Talin could only destroy a small fraction of the Architect fleet. 
Core refused to listen, as Daelon continued to make his case. Then, after a few more failed attempts to restart his ship, Core dragged Daelon out into the darkening streets of Faul City. The light from the once burning surface of Siren, had been extinguished. Tyrrans celestial neighbor had since, become a large, spherical cinder, never to be seen in its brilliant blue form again. 
An ominous cloud cover had also formed overhead, blocking the light from Tyrrans three moons. Core was forcing Daelon to walk several paces ahead of him into the night, while pointing a pistol at his back. There was only one other device on Tyrran that still drew enough power, to convert the Talin into Cores ideal weapon of mass destruction. 
Daelon was originally on his way to Delendra, to gain access to its underground tunnels, leading to The Depths, but Core had other plans for the glistening towers facilities. Core had decided to force Daelon to lead him to the highest level of Delendra; a chamber which contained The Emperors Gate. 
Delendra was the ancient human word for heaven, in the time of the Architect War. Delendra Tower was built long before the war, as a gathering place for the worlds leaders, but also served a much more profound purpose. An identical tower was constructed on Siren, prior to the construction of the tower on Tyrran. Both towers were essentially, giant super conductors that had the power to create miniature singularities in retrofitted chambers, atop their mile high foundations. 
These wormholes allowed one person, controlling one Gate Chamber, to bend space and temporarily pull the opposite Gate Chamber into his or her own. The two chambers were identical in size, layout and materials, down to the last molecule. The two chambers would become one, for the briefest of moments, allowing the men and women in power, the means to instantaneously travel between the two worlds. 
After this process was performed several dozen times, it was discovered that the two singularities could no longer be collapsed, by powering down the two towers systems. All other attempts to close the portals had failed as well. There was then, consequently, a permanent bridge between the two towers. 
Remarkably, the wormholes remained stable within their respective Gate Chambers and posed no threat to Siren and Tyrran. Core knew that the amount of energy within The Emperors Gate, when combined with the Starblood reactor of the Talin, would be astronomical. 
Siren was gone, meaning there would be no means of escape using the chamber, but as Core and Daelon were once again climbing the front steps of Delendra Tower, Core pulled a pair of long range binoculars from his pocket and used them to magnify the highest window on the tower, more than 5,000 feet from where they stood. 
To Cores delight, he was able to use the night vision feature, to look through the gigantic glass window, placed in front of The Emperors Gate. The gate itself was still spinning, indicating that the bridge was still intact. Although the tower on Siren had undoubtedly been destroyed, there was still an active miniature singularity there, connecting the planets. 
Core then excitedly informed Daelon that The Emperors Gate was still functioning. 
What exactly do you intend to do? Daelon asked with a subtle laugh. He knew that Core was anything but a scientist, and was more than curious as to his plan to use an unstable Black Hole, to turn the Talin into a bomb or missile. 
Youll find out when we get up there, Core snapped. He then jammed his pistol into Daelons back again, pushing him up the last few steps, to the tall steel archway, which led into the towers main foyer. 
Daelon reluctantly entered the dark foyer, and he had only taken a few steps inside, before tripping and falling to the hard marble-like floor. It felt like a hand had grabbed his foot, just before he fell. Core mocked Daelons clumsiness, then pulled a flashlight from one of his many inner pockets, and pointed it towards Daelons silhouette on the floor. But as soon as he turned on the light, Core jumped backwards. His eyes widened and his heart began to race. Daelon also looked upon his illuminated surroundings and screamed with fear. 
The floor of the main foyer was covered in burnt human remains and tattered clothing. A pile of dead men, women and children had collected there. And the corpses had been smashed apart, as if they had fallen a great distance, before reaching their final resting place. Core and Daelon both looked up into the towers core shaft, which was hollow and served as a mile high energy conduit, leading to The Emperors Gate. 
The sides of the shaft were lined with even more bodies that dangled from the various pipes, cables and ledges, which spiraled up the conduit. Daelon got to his feet and frantically brushed off the human ashes that had accumulated on his cloak. He and Core both knew where the bodies had come from. These were the remains of people from Siren, who had most likely stormed the Gate Chamber on the other side and burned to death, before making it through to Tyrran. 
Core then noticed an opening on the wall, to his left. He shined his flashlight on the opening, to see the bottom of a concrete staircase. He then looked back at Daelon, pointed his pistol at his face and sternly said, Its more than 5,000 feet to the top. We better get going. 
Daelon took one final look at the mountain of burnt flesh around him, before he began to weep. Seeing all those bodies had forced him to finally come face to face with his reality. He knew that humanity was doomed, but he had been so preoccupied with his mission that he had forgotten what the end of mankind meant to him, personally. 
With a heavy heart, he wiped his tears from his face and pushed a lifetimes worth of personal memories from his mind. He then walked ahead of Core and began the long climb to the top of Delendra Tower, knowing that Cores delusional mind would be with him every step of the way.



Chapter Four

It was late afternoon on January 8th, 2032, and Simone had just arrived at Greenlawn Cemetery in Newport News, Virginia. She drove slowly over the snow-covered gravel road, leading up to her parents graves. 
Luckily, the winds had died down and the snow was letting up. Despite her reason for being there, it was becoming a very peaceful setting. She parked next to a large oak tree. The sun was setting just behind it, causing the tiny icicles on the branches, to glisten overhead. She hesitantly stepped out onto the gravel road and quietly shut her door behind her. She then gently opened the back drivers side door, allowing her attack drone to silently float towards her and exit the vehicle. 
By this time, she had already been successful in reprogramming the machine to protect her, and to only obey her commands. Once both she and the drone were satisfied that there were no immediate threats in the area, Simone sent the drone ahead of her, to scout the woods surrounding the cemetery, as she trudged up a steep hill behind it, towards her familys mausoleum. When she reached the top of the hill, she came to the tall, square-shaped stone building that had housed her parents remains, for the last six years. 
Three years before the arrival of Drellic, Jack and Maureen West were both killed in a car accident, while on their way home from a dinner date. Their car had swerved over a patch of black ice, causing Jack to lose control. They skidded across a bridge and ended up crashing through some flimsy, metal guard rails, sending them crashing into the frozen Banister River in Halifax County, VA. 
Simone never liked visiting the mausoleum in winter. The cold reminded her of the frozen watery grave that her parents had found themselves in, on that fateful night. But she knew that for reasons unknown to her, she was being hunted by the infamous Winston Severov. If everything the Admiral had told her about him was true, he had an army of trained assassins and a fair amount of what was being called, Drellic Tech, at his disposal. Fearing that her life was in immediate danger, she mentally prepared herself to pay her final visit to the West Family Mausoleum. 
She felt dizzy for a moment, but kept her composure, by fixating her eyes on the key hole in front of her. A thick wooden door with a rusty steel knob and lock, were all that stood between her and the grave site. She unzipped her black leather purse, reached inside and pulled out a long, old fashioned metal key. She slowly inserted the key into the lock, but was startled by a loud whirring sound, before she had a chance to turn it. To her relief, the sound she heard was only the attack drone, reporting to her that the area was clear. 
Simone breathed a sigh of relief and turned the key. But it wasnt until she tried to unlock the door that she realized the door was already open. Her mind started to race. As far as she knew, she was the only one with a key to the building. She also remembered having locked it after her last visit, years earlier. Simone had a photographic memory and was also very thorough about such things. 
This led her to the inevitable conclusion that someone had been there without her knowledge or permission, and also mustve had a key she was unaware of, as there was no sign of forced entry. 
She fearfully pressed her ear up to the door and listened for movement. A moment later, she ordered the drone to enter the mausoleum, ahead of her. After getting up the nerve to open the door, she gave it a violent push forward, allowing the drone to enter. Its gleaming blue eye illuminated the stone interior of the building. From behind its shiny metal casing, Simone could see that there was no one inside. 
Finally, she cautiously entered the room and stood beside the hovering drone, while reading the inscriptions of her parents names on the golden metal plates on the wall. The name plates guarded two small chambers within the wall of the mausoleum, which held both Jack and Maureens ashes. 
They had been cremated, because of the way their bodies had been brutally disfigured by the car crash. Simone shed a tear, as she read the inscription below their names which read, Loving Mother and Father of Simone. But to her surprise, as she followed the words on the golden metal plates that twinkled before the blue glow of the attack drone, her eyes came across a piece of paper that had been recently taped to the wall. 
She covered her mouth and let out a muffled gasp, before sending the drone to guard the doorway. She then carefully removed the piece of paper from the wall and found that someone had written her a letter, which she read by the light of the drone. 
It read:

Dear Simone, 
My name is Trevor Kinsey. I was one of your husbands co-pilots in the Navy and a former head of Darkside. Weve never met, because I was purposely kept secret from you. Your husband also had no idea who I really was, until just a few days ago. Callum tracked me down from Chicago and asked me to write you this letter. I regret having to break into your familys mausoleum in order to do so, but it was necessary. The last time I spoke with Callum, he told me that he was being hunted in the Chicago ruins by rogue Darkside agents. He said that he still intends to arrive in Langley on January 9th, but in the event that he is captured or killed, there are things you need to know. 
The war is not over. The faces and names of the enemy have changed, but thats all. There is a man named Winston Severov controlling Darkside. You may know of him. This man is at the center of a cover up, thats bigger than anything you can imagine. I was with the resistance and fought against Drellic. But nothing that happened to me in those dark days, can even compare to what I am about to tell you. 
You need to know that you were lied to from the beginning. Darkside never shared the whole story with you about Drellic. Even your commanding officer, Mandrake, had no idea what you were really doing out there on Charon. They knew Drellic was there. They knew exactly who he was and the threat he could pose. More importantly, someone else was pulling the strings. 
Winston and the others were working with a secret group called, Shadow that wanted Drellic brought to Earth for a purpose. Whoever these people are, they were the ones really running Darkside from the start and were also overseeing manned missions to Mars that began in 1994. Even I thought they were for scientific research. Winston was the only one of us who ever knew the whole truth about the Mars Initiative. 
At this moment, there are thousands of people being held hostage on Mars in a place called, The Shadow Colony. I only know this, because when I began getting suspicious about the Mars Initiative and started asking questions, Winston tried to have me killed. I managed to break into his office and steal sensitive files that filled me in on this despicable plot. The only things I still dont know are who the people in Shadow are, and why the colonists were taken to Mars under false pretenses and then imprisoned. 
Callum found out about all this, before I had a chance to tell him, which is why they want him so badly. As Im sure you know by now, theyre after you as well. Weve already received word that Maryann Santos was tracked down in Houston, Texas and killed by Severovs men.
 Callum and I can only hope that this letter finds you and that youre safe. Even as I am writing this, I know the enemy is not far from my door. Its already too late for me. Ive been on the run for years and I dont have much time left. In the interest of your safety and your finding this letter, I intend to lead Severovs forces away from your parents cemetery, by making myself bait. By the time you read this, if you read this, I will most likely be dead. 
In conclusion, just know that your husband loves you very much and that hes trying his best to come back to you. If all goes well, he will arrive at Langley Air Force Base as planned, on the morning of January 9th at 8am. Stay safe, Mrs. Hammond. I sincerely wish we couldve met in person. 

Sincerely,
Trevor Kinsey

Simone was overwhelmed and began to feel dizzy again. She dropped the letter on the ground and fell to her knees. Barely able to move or process the information she had just taken in, she curled up in the corner of the room. Knowing the drone would never let its guard down, she cried herself to sleep and spent the night against the bitter cold stone wall.
When morning came, Simone was harshly awakened by the stabbing rays of a bright winter sun, partially eclipsed by the spherical attack drone, still hovering in the doorway, like a faithful dog. She looked down to find that the letter left for her by Trevor Kinsey, was still clutched firmly in her left hand. She then wiped her tears from her face and staggered to her feet. 
For a moment, she had forgotten all about the war and worldwide devastation, and pulled her cellphone from her purse, expecting it to be connected to the network. Simone then noticed the time on her silver wrist watch. It was quarter passed seven. Callum was scheduled to arrive at Langley in 45 minutes. 
Her adrenaline instantly coursed through her body, propelling her through the doorway, sending the unsuspecting drone flying forward. She then quickly turned and locked the mausoleum door, before running at full speed down the hill, leading to her Sedan. She allowed herself to fall and slide to the bottom of the icy slope and ordered the drone into her backseat, before speeding away to the main road. 
She could feel herself panicking, as her breathing became more intense. She knew that Interstate 64 would be the fastest route back to the Air Force base. It had been closed off due to damage from the war, but was still drivable in the 8 mile section she needed, to make it to Callum. 
Without thinking, she barreled through the thin fencing that separated her from the highway and recklessly sped through the 8 mile stretch of cracks and potholes, leading her to the base. She arrived ten minutes later, and impatiently waited for Admiral Clement to grant her access through the bases perimeter. A minute later, the metal gates parted ways for her and she plowed through the snow that had accumulated at the entrance. She then came to a screeching halt at the runway, Callum was scheduled to land on. 
It was only 730 AM. She still had a half hour to wait, before Callums plane was scheduled to touch down. She found Admiral Clement standing in front of his hangar, waiting for her. He was bundled up in a thick green winter coat that seemed to diminish his once authoritative appearance. 
Simone quickly approached him and asked, Have you heard anything? 
Clement just stared at her blankly for a moment and said, Mrs. Hammond, I have to be honest. I did not expect you to survive the night. I dont know how you did it. But Im glad you did. 
Charming, she sarcastically replied. It seems I had a little help from a friend. 
You mean the machine Clement said in a confused tone. 
No. Someone else. Someone loyal, Simone replied, insinuatingly. At that time, she had no reason not to trust the Admiral. But something in her gut was compelling her to be even more suspicious of the people around her, than she was already. 
To whom are you referring? Clement eagerly inquired. 
Simone just stared at him blankly, mocking the way he had first greeted her and replied, The shame of it is, neither of us will ever have the opportunity to find out. 

The next thirty minutes felt like hours. Finally, the sound of a plane was heard in the distance. Military officers began pouring out of the surrounding buildings, to get a glimpse of the approaching air craft.  At that moment, Simone was fearing the worst. The inbound 747 seemed to be flying normally. It descended at a normal rate and dropped its landing gear, before safely touching down on the runway. It then coasted for a few hundred feet, before coming to a complete stop.
 It was a civilian airliner, but had been commandeered by the military, after the war. The plane was used to make supply runs to and from Langley Air Force Base, but had made plans to pass through Chicago to pick up Callum Hammond and a few other resistance fighters, who had family in the Hampton, VA area. A few minutes after landing, Simone watched as a few officers were sent to roll the air-stairs up to the door, allowing the passengers to de-board. She anxiously looked on, as about thirty people exited the plane. None of them being Callum. Admiral Clement then looked down at her with sympathetic eyes and simply stated, Im sorry. 
Simone became enraged and screamed, Bullshit! She then charged up the stairs and into the planes cabin. Aside from the pilot and another officer who were still standing at the door, there was no one else on board that she could see. She screamed Callums name a few times and got no response. Finally, the elderly Caucasian man, who had piloted the plane, approached her and asked, Maam, are you looking for Callum Hammond? 
Yes! she screamed, at the top of her lungs. Tears rolled down her face, as the pilot and last remaining officer on the plane, exchanged confused looks and whispered sentence fragments to each other, too quiet for her to hear. 
What?! she yelled, as her blood boiled. The pilot approached her and said, I dont understand. He didnt get off the plane? 
No. Are you fucking stupid? Do you see him down there? Simone snapped, as she pointed down to the crowd on the runway below. The pilot scanned the group and then nervously replied, I remember seeing him not fifteen minutes ago. 
He was sitting right there, the officer added, as he pointed towards the back of the plane. 
Simone ran to the back of the cabin and found no trace of Callum. She then spotted the bathroom door, which was right behind where Callum had supposedly been sitting. It was open just a crack and as she got closer, she could hear the sound of running water inside. She instantly flung the door open and cried out in agony at what she saw inside. 
The pilot and officer ran to her and looked over her shoulder, to see Callums dead body on the bathroom floor. His throat had been slit and he had most likely bled out in seconds. His eyes were lifelessly fixated on the bathroom mirror, just above the sink. The pilot turned off the faucet, which had been releasing scolding hot water, for nearly twenty minutes. 
Through the steam that had been rising from the sink, the pilot and officer spotted words written on the mirror. Simone saw the words too, as she cradled Callums head on her lap. The pilot waved his hand back and forth, to clear away the steam, and found the words, STOP HIM- SAVE THEM- I LOVE YOU, written on the mirror in blood. Simone looked down at Callums right hand, to see thick drops of blood on his right index finger. 
He had undoubtedly written the message himself, with his own blood. Simone was the only one who understood its meaning, and through all her rage and despair, knew what she had to do.
Realizing that someone on the plane had murdered Callum, minutes before it landed, Simone got to her feet and ran to a window, overlooking the crowd on the runway. She crouched down to stay hidden and scanned the faces below, looking for anyone who looked suspicious or perhaps even someone she would recognize from Darkside. 
To her dismay, no one stood out to her. A moment later, she pondered the notion of either the pilot or the officer being involved, but before she could even complete her thought, she heard the all too familiar sound of two handguns being cocked behind her head. Dont even turn around, said the pilot. Well make this quick and painless, the officer added. 
Simone knew she had only seconds to react, if she wanted to save herself. She already had her hand in her purse, when she first crouched down at the window. Inside her purse, was the carbon composite remote, assigned to her attack drone. The machine was still waiting in sleep mode in her car. 
Simone had spent hours memorizing the remote. She quickly sent a distress signal to the drone, causing it to crash through her car window, startling the crowd of passengers, standing outside the plane. The drone spotted her heat signature using an infrared lens and rocketed into the cabin. The pilot and officer quickly turned their attention from Simone to the approaching machine, but were both vaporized by a hot beam of blue energy, launched from its eye, before they could react. 
Simone then quietly stood up and walked back to the bathroom. She returned to the floor at Callums side and gazed up at the bloody message he had left for her on the mirror. Stop him. Save them. I love you, she whispered, as her eyes filled with tears. I will. I promise.


Chapter Five

Daelon had made it to Delendras 157th floor, before demanding to stop and rest. Fortunately for him, Core was also winded, and the stench of the burnt corpses that filled the tower, was overwhelming them both. Core was doing his best to appear unfazed, by the 1,000 foot climb he had just made up the winding concrete staircase. He sternly ordered Daelon to take a seat on the 157th landing, and masked his own fatigue, while insisting that he was allowing ten minutes of rest, solely for Daelons benefit. 
The staircase itself was constructed for maintenance purposes, and was never intended to be a means of ascending from the towers base, to its summit. Aside from the inclusion of a small square shaped glass window, on a single wall, on every other landing, the mile high stairwell was completely enclosed and was still very dark. 
From the window of the 157th landing, Daelon could see the sun rising over Faul City, and the mighty tentacles of an Architect Planet Farmer, as they stretched across the sky, erasing the sunlight, as quickly as it had arrived. 
Do you see, you incompetent fool? Daelon asked Core with a smile, as he pointed towards the pulsating monstrosity in the sky above. Tell me, Core. What good could a few extra drops of Starblood have done against that? he added, as Core was consequently charged with the task of masking fatigue and fear as well. 
When we get to the top, it will all make sense, Core boasted, with a hint of derangement. Trust me. You may be my heros brother. You may be the Emperor of this dead world. You may even be the most intelligent human left in the universe. But I still possess that which youve never had and never will. 
Whats that? Daelon asked, as he propped himself up against the concrete wall of the stairwell, and complacently gazed out at the extending reach of the Architect ships. 
Core just smiled maniacally and replied, I have the courage to do what is necessary, to vanquish my enemies. 
Daelon began to laugh hysterically at Cores words, causing Core to spring up to his feet and pull Daelon up on to his. But despite the abruptness of Cores actions, Daelon never stopped laughing. What the hell are you laughing at, you little runt? Core snapped, as he inadvertently spit in Daelons face, yet again. 
Daelon calmly wiped Cores saliva from his brow and through his laughter replied, We still have 4,000 feet left to climb. What makes you think well even reach the top? Werent you on Siren when they took it? Didnt you watch my brother take his own life, rather than run from the inevitable? Theyre going to scorch every inch of sky, land and sea long before we reach the gate! Perhaps my brother was right! Perhaps a running leap into certain death is a true feat of courage! 
With those last words, Daelon aggressively pushed Core out of his way, but not before snatching the Talin from him and running for the glass window. He used the Talin to break the window and hopped up on the ledge, preparing to jump to his death, with the Talin firmly in his grasp. 
Core whirled around, after having the wind knocked out of him and lunged at Daelon, who quickly jumped back inside the tower and pushed Core out of the window, as he was in mid-air. Daelon then fell to the floor and quickly turned back towards the window, to see Core dangling over the devastated streets below, by one hand. 
On his own, Daelon would not have been strong enough to break through the thick concrete walls of the stairwell, but using the Talins dense outer shell, he repeatedly smashed the area of the wall beneath the open window, until he had separated the section that Core was clinging on to, from the rest of the building. He then heard Core scream with fear, as he plummeted towards the planets surface. Knowing that time was running out for his race, he found Cores flashlight on the floor and used it guide his way back down the stairwell. He was running so fast that he tripped and fell several times onto the next few landings. But a few cuts and bruises werent going to stop him from finishing what he started. 
A secret entrance to The Depths was located beneath the main foyer of Delendra, on the bottom floor. Daelon was determined to use the very last of his adrenaline, to send the archives of humanity to a place where the Architects fire breathing ships could not burn it. He seemed to pick up speed every time he saw the numerical markings on the wall, indicating he had one less floor to go down. He ran faster and faster, until he reached the 100th landing, where he quickly turned a corner, only to be met by a powerful fist, which struck him in the face and sent him crashing back down to the concrete. 
He then immediately lost his grip on the Talin and his flashlight, sending them bouncing off to the far corner of the landing. His vision was blurred for a moment and blood was gushing from his nose. And when he was finally able to focus, he saw Core standing over him. 
Core had only fallen a few levels, before getting a hold of another window ledge and breaking his way into a lower landing. Before Daelon could say a word, Core raised his giant black combat boot over Daelons face and slammed it down on his head, as hard as he could, instantly knocking Daelon unconscious.
As Core lifted Daelon off the ground and put him over his shoulder, he noticed the darkening skies in the window. He paused for a moment, to take in the view of the slimy, scaly tentacles stretching over the city, as if they were the extremities of a giant sea creature or spider. He imagined that a similar scene was taking place over every human settlement on Tyrran. If things played out the same way they did on Siren, Core knew that the planet was surrounded, and that the tentacles of every Architect ship would eventually bond together, forming a spherical blanket around the entire world. 
He knew the toxins to be released by the ships, would then ignite Tyrrans atmosphere shortly after. He had 90 minutes at most, before the Architects could complete their linking process, and so using pure adrenaline and athleticism, began sprinting up the stairwell, with Daelon pressed firmly across his shoulders. 
He expertly navigated the sharp turns and steep inclines, without even remotely needing his hands to help guide him. Each time he passed a glass window, he would take a quick glance at the smothered sky and remember it for what it once was. 
Siren and Tyrran were once two glimmering jewels in a plain of desolate space that stretched for thousands of light years. It was only then, in Tyrrans final hour that he made an honest connection with Daelons point of view. In the end, it was the memory of what the two worlds once were that pushed him up the stairs faster and faster, until he had cleared the 300th level without even realizing it. 
Core still had 3,000 feet of stairs left to climb, but still would not let Daelons weight, the darkness, his aching legs, or his collapsing lungs, stop him from reaching the only thing that could allow him to have his revenge. Luckily, there was still just enough light coming in the windows, to show the way.
Core was startled by a bright flash of lightning and a loud clap of thunder outside, but remained consistent, as he moved. As the thousands of tentacles slithered above the outer atmosphere, across the entire planet, a worldwide electrical storm was beginning to form. As violent and unsettling as the raging thunderstorm was, the lightning was providing Core with more than enough light, for him to safely find his way to the top of the tower.
Thirty minutes later, he finally reached the entrance to The Emperors Gate and dropped Daelons body, as he himself collapsed to the floor. The Gate Chamber before him, was a spinning metal platform, attached to six long curved metal beams that surrounded and stabilized a miniature Black Hole, with a magnetic field. 
When the tower was first built, the beams were charged by the long fusion conduits that stretched down the towers central shaft, from the very top, down into The Depths. However, once scientists had discovered that the wormhole could no longer be closed, the energy of the Black Hole itself, powered the chamber that was stabilizing it. 
Cores plan was simple. He no longer suffered from any delusion that the human race could somehow be spared. However, he did know a way that the Talins power could be amplified, to the point where it could destroy the entire Architect fleet. He had planned to destroy the Gate Chamber, causing the Black Hole to become unstable. He would then simply toss the Talin inside the wormhole, hoping that the violent gravitational force and immeasurable energy, would breach the Talins reactor, expanding the wormhole, and crushing the Architect forces into dust. 
Core only needed two things to ensure his plans success. The Gate Chamber was surrounded by a dome, made of a transparent version of the same alloy, created to encase the Talin. He needed an access code to open it, which he knew Daelon had. He also had to wait until all of the Planet Farmers surrounding Tyrran, were joined together. Provided they followed the same attack pattern they had used on Siren, Core knew that once the ships were joined, it would be impossible for them to escape the pull of a Starblood powered Black Hole. 
The storm outside was getting worse and Daelon had finally regained consciousness. He was once again faced with the familiar sight of Core standing tall over him. However, it seemed as though Cores usual look of dominance had been replaced by that of desperation. Core reached down to the floor, then raised the gleaming Talin before Daelons eyes. Daelon gazed up at his lifes work, too weak to pull Cores massive legs out from under him and reclaim it, as badly as he wanted to do so. 
Core then proceeded to pull Daelons nearly lifeless body, over to the control console, which sat just a few feet in front of the dome. Open it! Core demanded. Daelon had been bleeding profusely the entire time Core had been carrying him up the stairs. His eyes rolled into the back of his head as he rolled away from the console. Core aggressively repositioned Daelons body, pulling his right hand onto the numbered keypad, in front of him. Open it, or tell me the combination! I dont care! Now! Core screamed at the top of his lungs. 
Blood then bubbled from Daelons lips, as he whispered, Why? Why do they need to die with us? What makes our lives so much more important than theirs? We started this war, any way. 
Right after he spoke, Daelon passed out again. Core was enraged beyond even his own belief and began mercilessly smashing the control console to pieces with the Talin, hoping it would somehow open the dome. Finally, after a series of sparks and LED flickers, the thin crease that stretched over the center of the dome, holding its two halves together, split in two, just wide enough for a person to squeeze inside.


Chapter Six

On the morning of January 9th, 2032, while Simone was at Langley Air Force Base, grieving over the loss of Callum, Winston Severov was standing in the center of the ruins of the White House, in Washington DC. 
What used to be the capital of the United States of America, had become a desolate region of rubble and waste. There had been no form of government present within the former city limits, since the end of 2028. By January 2032, Washington had become merely a temporary home, for fearless and tasteless grave robbers. 
Winston was kneeling over the body of Trevor Kinsey, on the exact piece of land that had once sat beneath the Oval Office. Kinsey was a tall blonde man, with chilling blue eyes that stared lifelessly into the morning sky, above. His flannel shirt and ripped blue jeans were meant to disguise him as an every-day blue collar civilian, but were now covered with ash and tiny extinguishing flames, from the laser rifles he had been gunned down with. 
Trevor had returned to Washington, after leaving his letter to Simone, to rendezvous with a fellow Darkside defector, who was also dead, thanks to Severovs men. Winstons foot soldiers had established a perimeter around the White House ruins, while Winston was in the midst of paying his final respects to his former colleague. He was draped in a black trench coat that was collecting ash from the burning cigar in his mouth. After exhaling a long thin puff of smoke, Severov used his free hand to lightly caress Kinseys cheek. He then took a deep breath, and in his thick Russian accent said, You wouldve never survived in the world I want. I hope your new home is treating you well.
He then got to his feet and walked towards one of Drellics attack drones, which had been hovering behind him the entire time. The machine projected an image of Simones drone, blasting its way through the 747, where Simone had discovered Callums body. Just before the drone exited the plane, it had recorded a glimpse of the bathroom mirror. Winston ordered the drone to zoom in on the mirror, where he read Callums blood written words. 
Stop him. Save them. I love you, Winston whispered to himself, with a smile. He then scoffed and ordered the drone to leave. After thinking for a moment, he returned to Kinseys body and said, Soon, my old friend. Very soon, I will have the power to rebuild this world to my specifications. Then you can look down on me, from whatever place youre in, and youll finally realize that I was right. 
Winston laughed, as he then walked away from Kinsey and followed his drone to the perimeter around the White House. There, he entered the recon ship that had formerly been in the possession of Callum, Simone and Maryann and quickly rocketed away from the area, with the rest of his people.
Winston sat on a creaking metal bench, along the side of the ships rear cabin, and firmly held the Talin on his lap with both hands. He had stolen the Talin from Callum in Chicago, days earlier, and had since then, been studying its endless audio and video recordings from the ancient worlds of man. 
During Drellics reign, Winston was one of Drellics top advisors, in Drellics study of the behavioral patterns and will power of modern humans. In the end, it was Winstons interrogation techniques that were the catalyst, for so many people across the globe making the decision to join Drellics cause. Being a loyalist to the old Soviet Union, and a strong advocate for the benefits of living in a dictatorship as well, Winston fell in love with Drellics philosophies, once he had risen to power. It was his invulnerability and merciless tactics that revolved around a sense of Darwinism, that made Winston feel that Drellic was truly the best thing to ever happen to mankind. 
Severov was not racist by any means. He believed in a unified human race. But he also believed that the best interests of every last man, woman and child on Earth, should be decided by a single person, who could force billions of people to follow one single set of rules, by which to conduct themselves in society. He believed that any who would openly challenge the laws of said person, should be made an example of, by way of public execution. He felt that such displays convinced the world that those who opposed, were not fit to exist in society. This was the way that Drellic had dominated humanity, and it generously catered to the belief system that Winston had adopted for himself, decades before Drellics arrival. 
Winston smiled, as he peered through the tiny glass window to his right, to see that he had already arrived back in Moscow, where his new Darkside facility was fully operational, at the base of a damaged skyscraper, behind the ruins of The Kremlin. Winstons ship passed below the city streets, by way of a giant hole in the ground, just in front of the skyscraper. The recently formed chasm, led him to a set of giant metal doors that parted ways, once the ship came into their view. The recon vessel then came to a stop and hovered over the warehouse-like landing bay that Severovs people had cleared out, to accommodate their stockpile of Drellic Tech. 
Since all Drellic Tech was automatically linked to the same network, it became necessary for Winstons people to create firewalls, to keep rival factions from tracing their movements back to their home base. Using software that uploaded a type of computer virus into their own Drellic era ships and equipment, Darkside was invisible to Admiral Clement and company in the United States. After exiting the ship, Winston parted ways with his foot soldiers and made his way into a dark hallway off of the landing bay, which led him to a brightly lit observation booth. 
The room was filled with rows of computer work stations and rolling office chairs, which were filled by Winstons various technicians and engineers. They were all seated in front of a huge, flat screen monitor that resembled a NASA display screen, inside an American Mission Control Center. The monitor displayed a large image of the planet Mars at the very top, and then a series of specific locations on the planets surface, just below it. Each location was accompanied by a glowing green stat bar. Each stat-bar was at a very low level, inside each display field. This indicated to Winston, that the facilities on Mars that he had been working tirelessly to protect for many years, were in dire need of replenishment. 
He made his way down the inclined floor pad, to the very first row of work stations. He then picked up an outdated looking office phone, with a tangled cord, and in Russian sternly said, We need to get more bodies up there. I dont care if it takes a decade. The quota is much higher now and we need results. Do what you have to do, to fulfill our end of this bargain. 
He then slammed the phone down and left the room, the way he came. The engineers and technicians fearfully watched his every move, as he stormed out of the room. Winston knew quite well that those in his employ were in constant fear for their lives. His very presence was haunting to even his most intelligent and able bodied people. 
Winston had a reputation for doing anything and everything he could to accomplish his goals, without the slightest thought of consequences or remorse. He lived by a certain code of ruthlessness that most of those around him, could not even begin to fathom. This allowed him to live in a world, where his orders were followed blindly by all, without question.

Meanwhile at Langley Air Force Base, Simone was sitting alone in Clements office, waiting for him to arrive. She was distraught beyond measure and shivered uncontrollably, as she stared lifelessly into a stack of papers on Clements desk. The Admiral entered the room a few moments later and sat behind the desk, to face her. He was about to speak, but was interrupted by Simone, immediately. 
Why did this happen? Why was my husband killed? Simone demanded. You know something. I know you do. Youve always known the truth. Now I need to know why Winston cared about his secrets so much, that he was willing to kill my husband!
Clement took a deep breath and replied, A lot of people were sent to Mars. Thousands. But like I told you before, I dont know the real reason they were taken there. And whether or not anyones still alive, I cant say. Thats the truth. 
Well then, the truth isnt good enough, Simone snapped. I have to find this man. I have to find him and kill him for what hes done. Ive never wanted anything more in my entire life.
Now youre just talking about killing yourself, Clement scolded. You dont know what youre talking about. Hes got too many people and too many resources. Even if you found out exactly where he was, youd never get within a hundred feet of him. And dont even think about asking me to pool my resources, to help you. Even my unit is outnumbered and outgunned. After the world ended, Severov ended up at the top. You need to think this through, before you do anything rash. Were not ready to go after him yet. 
I cant accept that, Simone replied, with a whimper. Hes not invincible, OK? Hes not Drellic! There has to be a way! 
Of course theres a way! Clement yelled. Dont you think Ive already spent a shit load of time, searching for it? We just havent found it yet. 
Well Im going to. If its the last thing I fucking do, Simone said. 
She then jumped out of her chair and quickly walked out into Clements hangar bay. Clement quickly followed behind her and yelled, Dont even think about taking anything else! This is all weve got, lady! 
She proceeded to ignore the Admiral and boarded one of the recon ships in the hangar.  A moment later, the engines kicked on and it began to ascend towards the roof of the building. Several officers ran into the hangar bay and pointed their rifles at the rising ship. Clement scolded them and told them to put their weapons down, knowing that mere bullets would have no effect against the ships outer hull. 
Clement looked up and could clearly see Simone staring down at him from behind the glass of the ships cockpit. Once they made eye contact, Clement slowly mouthed the words, Youre just killing yourself. Simone saw the message and understood. Several seconds later, she lowered the ship and returned it to its normal, stationary hovering position. She then exited through the side hatch and hopped back down to the ground. The soldiers pointed their weapons at her, but were again instructed by the Admiral to stand down. 
Clement approached Simone, looked into her eyes and said, Youve loved. Youve lost. But I think that rage youve got inside you, is going to show you that anything is possible. 


Chapter Seven

In the highest chamber in Tyrrans Delendra Tower, Core cautiously crept towards the narrow opening, into the Gate Chamber. His eyes remained fixated on the small, spiral shaped singularity, gently tugging at the metal beams, rotating around it. 
Once the dome had been split open, by Cores assault on the security system, the room was instantly filled with the sound of creaking metal, coming from the platform beneath the wormhole. The singularity was a mesh color at the time; a combination of the colors of all the objects in close proximity to it. 
Its powerful gravitational force bent the light inside the chamber, creating a swirling stream of silver, red and black. The silver streaks came from the spinning metal beams and platform. The red was a result of the burgundy colored walls and carpeting inside the chamber, as well as the tiny flames that seemed as though they had been sprinkled across the walls, floors and ceiling. 
The black blob at the center of the wormhole, represented the planet Siren, at the other end of the bridge, which was now nothing but a cinder and as black as the space around it. Despite its morbid origin, it was one of the most beautiful things Core had ever seen. 
He tightly gripped the Talin in his left hand, as he squeezed inside the chamber. The creaking sound from the spinning metal before him had become louder than ever. Remarkably, even in a fully pressurized environment, the singularity itself, didnt make a sound. Core had rehearsed this moment in his mind countless times, but his dreams were finally becoming his reality, and he couldnt help but be consumed by fear. 
Because the Talin was made of such strong materials, it was the only thing capable of breaking the spinning metal beams from their bond to their platform. Core took a deep breath and raised the Talin over his head with his left hand. He paused for a second and then reached as far back as his arm could stretch, as he prepared to slam the Talins flawless casing into the wormholes stabilizers. Core knew that his actions would lead a quickened destruction of Tyrran, as well as his own immediate death.
Its time for you repulsive beasts to pay for what you have done, Core thought to himself. You shouldnt have come back. You shouldve kept your demonic husks, tucked away in whichever disgusting corner of the universe, you came from! 
With only the destruction of the Architects in mind, he summoned the courage to land his first blow onto the Gate Chamber. But as he swung his arm down, he suddenly felt a violent tug on his arm, causing the Talin to fall to the floor. He whirled around to see that Daelon had managed to sneak inside the dome, without him noticing. 
Daelon had never fallen back unconscious and was merely waiting for Core to let his guard down. Core was briefly frozen in place and Daelon took complete advantage of the situation. He returned to his original plan of charging Cores massive legs and pulling them out from under him. Core fell to the floor and was nearly struck in the head by one of the metal stabilizers, which were still quickly rotating beside him. 
As he laid there, still very much in shock, Daelon snatched the Talin up into his arms and carried it to the Gate Chamber. Under normal circumstances, the rotation of the chamber would automatically cease, upon the detection of a travelers presence. However, since the security console for the chamber had been destroyed, Daelon could only stop the spinning platform, if he forced it to stop. Unfortunately for Core, Daelon had no intentions of doing this. 
Core got to his feet and made eye contact with Daelon, who was still tightly gripping the Talin and standing mere inches away from the edge of the platform. 
What do you think youre doing? Core asked him. You said you wanted to salvage that device. You dont seem to be acting in your own best interests. 
The gate still spins, Daelon answered. The bridge is still complete. Theres still something on the other side, holding it all together. 
On Siren? Core scoffed. You must be joking. Nothing couldve endured the firestorm. Certainly nothing that could keep you safe! Youre just choosing a different path on which to end your life! 
You forget that Im a man of faith! Daelon yelled, as the sound of spinning metal began to drown out their words. I have faith that somehow, our legacy will be protected down through the ages, if I pass through this portal. Just as I have faith, that my brother wouldve wanted it this way.
Core cautiously approached Daelon and shook his head with disapproval. Youre a fool, Core said. I knew your brother better than you ever did. I know exactly what he wanted. He wanted you to be a better, stronger man, worthy of your name. He wanted you to do all that is necessary to vanquish our enemies! 
Daelon closed his eyes for a moment and took a deep breath. Once he opened them again, he softly replied, Thats just it, my old friend. These enemies cannot be vanquished. That fate is reserved for us. But fortunately, there is a way for a small part of us to live on forever. 
With those last words, Daelon carelessly tossed the Talin into the singularitys event horizon. 
Core watched, as the Talin spiraled through the tunnel of swirling light and faded from his view. He screamed angrily into the shadows, as the room had become nearly pitch black, causing the wormhole to turn black as well. From out the giant glass windows behind Daelon, Core could see that the sky had been blackened by the joining of the Architect vessels tentacles and that the lightning storm had stopped. 
This indicated that the end was moments away and that the Architects were preparing to unleash one final firestorm; one that would bring death to all of Tyrrans remaining citizens. He then looked back at Daelon, who smiled at him from beneath his teary eyes and said, You can join me if you wish. Or are you a coward? 
Cores eyes widened with rage again, as he watched Daelon jump onto the spinning platform and hurl himself into the singularity, after the Talin. Core was beyond convinced that he would die whether he followed Daelon or not. So finally, after weighing the options of which death better suited him, Core dove head first into the wormhole. He decided that he would much rather die in the mind set of heading into a fight.
The skies of Tyrran had been completely overtaken by an organic layer of slimy black tentacles and other thick, thread shaped extremities, which stretched down for miles from the dozens of Planet Farmers, orbiting above. Every inch of the layer, simultaneously secreted a red mist into the air, which after a few seconds, ignited every last square inch of oxygen, causing the atmosphere of the planet to melt away like candle wax. 
The joined ships then began to pulsate in unison and produced a faint blue shockwave, which forced the spherical wall of flame in the outer atmosphere, down onto the surface of the planet. The oceans evaporated in seconds. Every last piece of land, vegetation, man-made structure and life-form was instantly bathed in fire and reduced to ash. And although it was a horrific display of the Architects technological might, some citizens of the two worlds were grateful in their final moments, because the speed in which they were to die, eliminated the possibility of pain. 
Minutes later, as the dust settled and the Architects were satisfied that they had eliminated every last trace of human life on Tyrran, the Planet Farmers parted ways and left their orbital positions, separately. They then sped away at an incredible speed, which caused them to disappear almost instantly, leaving behind only a glowing trail of white energy, in the wakes of their powerful, circular rear engines. 
The Architects never again returned to that particular region of the galaxy and spent the next several thousand years experimenting on other worlds. They sought to genetically engineer the perfect eco system and single dominant sentient life form, that could endure indefinitely and one day become the dominate force in their galaxy, second only to the Architects, as a testament to the Architects wisdom. 
It wasnt until they had nearly succeeded, in a solar system on the rim of what would later become the Milky Way Galaxy, that Aia, the Master Architect, decided that the race she herself had created, would have to be made extinct, in order to ensure the survival of a natural universe. 
She was deemed female by the historical records of her people and had appeared to them in their early stages, introducing herself as their mother. As she herself was a natural product of the universe, and endowed with a natural ability to create life in whatever form she desired, she both nurtured and marveled at the Architects for billions of years, all the while living in denial, out of love for her children. She knew all along that she had created monsters, in the truest sense of the word, and that her eons of turning a blind eye to her great mistake needed to come to an end. 
Nearly 14 billion years ago, Aia used her own life energy and the energy of the hundreds of billions of stars around her, to create a specialized shockwave, designed to specifically target her people. She later referred to it as The Great Storm. It was a rapidly expanding, circular energy ribbon, which originated from Aias position, at the center of creation. Ravaging the twelve galaxies that made up the entire universe at that time, the storm destroyed every last Architect vessel and settlement seeded throughout existence, and brought about their extinction in a matter of hours. 
The death of ancient man was merely the beginning of this unfortunate chain of events. Aia always had a special place in her heart for man, and had even made an emotional connection with Daelon from afar, out of respect for his passion. 

Minutes before the destruction of Tyrran and the final departure of the Architects from the human worlds, Daelon and Core were still violently spiraling through the man- made portal. 
As violent a place as wormholes are, Daelon was operating under the assumption that something was still holding the singularity on Siren, in balance. 
Are we to arrive at a safe haven, or an ash smothered grave? Daelon thought, as he saw a stream of glistening silver light reaching out to him, like an outstretched hand. Most likely, the latter


Chapter Eight

After realizing that his supply plane had been compromised by agents of Winston Severov, Admiral Clement decided to evacuate Langley Air Force Base and relocate his operation. He assumed that the murder of Callum Hammond and the attempt on Simones life, were just preludes to an all-out attack on the area. From Clements point of view, ever since Drellics death, Winston had been hiding in the shadows, while slithering like a snake across Europe and killing innocent families in their sleep. But after the fiasco aboard the 747 that morning, it seemed as though Winston wasnt hiding anymore. 
Clement deduced that the two men who had killed Callum on the plane, mustve known they were on a one way trip. It was the idea of Winstons people being willing to die at his command, that frightened the Admiral the most. He couldnt fathom the amount of psychological control Winston had over his agents, and refused to believe that all those under his command, would one day fall under the same spell. 
Once he talked Simone out of the recon ship and convinced her to remain at his side, Clement loaded the six recon ships at his disposal, with six of his most trusted pilots, and various supplies that did not have top priority. His more vital resources, including the majority of his loyal soldiers, food and weapons, were divided amongst a fleet of twelve, dark green ATX-8 military trucks. They were heavily armored vehicles with ample cargo space, and large cockpit- like driver compartments, extending several feet in front of their front wheels. Once the base had been completely stripped of anything of value, the convoy of troop/cargo carriers, drove out of the area and were escorted by the Drellic Tech recon ships, flying overhead. 
The incredibly fast moving airships were charged with the task of distracting Winstons forces. Since Winston could use his own Drellic systems to track Clements, it was necessary to lead Winstons people in the wrong direction. Assuming that Clements group was in fact being pursued. The Admiral knew that there was an extremely dangerous road ahead, but he also knew that remaining at Langley was suicide. 
Simone was riding with Clement in the leading truck in the convoy. They sat across from one another behind two male drivers, who were dressed in camouflage uniforms and cumbersome camouflage helmets. Simone was still bundled up in her black fur coat, while Clement had removed his coat, in order to showcase his formal military jacket, for the sake of morale. They were strapped into their seats with rough textured, green safety harnesses, and bounced up and down, as the truck plowed through the accumulating snow on the dirt roads ahead. They could see the sun setting outside the front windows of the truck, from behind an ominous gathering of gray wintery clouds. 
Simone watched the sun disappear behind the bitter blowing snow, and felt it was symbolic of the closing of a chapter in her life. Callum was dead. She knew who was responsible, but at that moment, couldnt do anything to avenge him. Her heart ached with animosity for Winston, as her mind raced with questions surrounding the secrets Severov was so violently protecting. What have you done? What the hell have you done? she silently asked herself, referring to the truth of Winstons operation. 
Clement noticed that her mind was wandering and offered her a cigarette, which she quickly refused by brushing it away with her hand. The Admiral intently stared at Simones wandering gaze and said, Youve got something brewing in there. Simone just ignored him and continued to stare out into the sky, with no apparent agenda. Just do me a favor, Clement continued, with a sarcastic tone. Whatever youre thinking about doing, just make sure it doesnt involve every single one of us dying tonight. 
Simone slightly glanced over in Clements direction and replied, No guarantees. A few moments later, one of Clements drivers informed him that there was no enemy contact anywhere, within a one hundred mile radius. He then suggested that the Admiral and Simone get some sleep. Clement seemed relieved by the notion, leaned back in his seat and closed his eyes. He opened them a moment later to check on Simone. To his complete lack of surprise, Simone had never seemed more awake and alert.
As the hours passed and night fell, Simone eventually drifted to sleep. As she slept, she dreamt of the day she had first met Callum. She was assigned to conveniently stumble upon him at Langley Air Force Base in the summer of 2020. She remembered the initial awkwardness of their first encounter. He was an arrogant, ambitious young pilot, zipped up in his light blue flight suit, waiting to be called into a briefing room for a flight op. She was posing as a CIA intern, and was forced to appear disorganized, clumsy and unconfident. Her superiors believed that her true, dominating personality would be counterproductive in their mission to test Callums character, for the upcoming Drellic missions.
She forcefully bumped into him, while holding a tall stack of papers and notebooks, and proceeded to drop everything onto the floor. As Callum knelt down to help her, they made eye contact, and Simone did her best to hide the angry, driven workhorse within her. She had always been excellent at reading people, and knew right away that Callum was interested in her. But what she refused to admit to herself until years later, was that the moment they made eye contact that day, she had fallen in love with him, despite her overwhelming sense of urgency and professionalism. 
Her vision of their first meeting was seamlessly followed by a glimpse at their wedding aboard ISS. Alexander Mandrake, Simones mentor in Darkside, conducted the ceremony in front of a majestic view of the sun, rising from behind the Earth. It was the first wedding in space ever recorded, and traditional attire was impossible to acquire. 
Callum and Simone exchanged vows and rings in their NASA flight suits, as Mandrake, who was also an ordained minister, officiated the proceedings, in formal military dress attire. The ceremony was witnessed by the Hades crew. Before Simones mind dragged her to another set of memories, she caught a foggy glimpse of Richard, Jack and Sophia sitting beside them, as Mandrake concluded the wedding and informed Callum that he could kiss his bride. 
Simones dream continued, as she recalled the tears of joy that streamed down her face, as her lips met Callums. Her subconscious then abruptly became fixated on the image of Callums dead eyes and bleeding throat, on the floor of the 747 bathroom. Inside her dream, she saw herself struggle to wake Callum, by aggressively shaking his body. Callum then violently grabbed her and pulled her close to him. Blood continued to gush from his jugular, as he whispered, Run. Run.
The word run kept repeating inside her mind and was getting louder and louder. A moment later, she found that she was regaining consciousness and that someone was actually screaming at her and telling her to run for her life. 
Once fully awake, she saw that Clement was still strapped in across from her. He was telling her to get out of her seat and open the hatch behind her, which she promptly did. The two drivers had stopped the truck and were following Clement and Simone outside, into the blustery winter night. Once she got outside, Simone turned to see that three of the trucks behind Clements, were completely engulfed in flames. 
What the fuck happened?! she screamed at Clement, who was in complete shock. 
He found us, he replied, with a shaky tone. I dont know how. But the son of a bitch found us. 
Seconds later, bright blue laser blasts streaked down from the night sky and destroyed two more armored trucks. Clement followed the blast trails with his gaze and saw that six recon ships of Drellics design, were destroying his convoy. From the recently branded serial numbers on the sides of the ships, Clement saw that these were the same ships that he had launched himself from Langley, with his own men. Simone also noticed the identifying marks and screamed, You said you could trust them! You gave them those ships to keep us safe! 
It doesnt make any sense! They wouldnt do something like this!  Clement screamed back.
Clement then received a gargled transmission on his bulky gray radio pack, which was attached to his belt. He detached the radio, held it up to his ear and yelled for his men to repeat their message. He then heard one of the recon pilots say, Its some kind of computer virus! They hacked our network and took over our ships! We have no control! Repeat! We have no control! Clement and Simone stared at one another for a moment and upon realizing that the mission was doomed, ran into the snowy hills of West Virginia. 
The convoy had been bound for Little Rock, Arkansas. Clement knew of a massive group of patriot resistance fighters, who had fought against Drellic and had planned to meet there, later that week. He felt it would be a perfect place for him to continue building up his forces against Winstons terrorist cell. However, it had quickly become apparent to him that his plan would never come to fruition. He got back on his radio and signaled for his men to abandon their vehicles and follow him on foot, into the hills with whatever weapons they could carry. 
The recon ships continued to decimate the military vehicles below, and many of Clements soldiers were killed trying to escape. Clement and Simone continued to lead survivors deeper into the snowy hills, until they came to a heavily wooded area. The area was completely silent. It seemed as though the recon ships had abandoned their pursuit. They were almost prepared to let their guard down and rest, when a bright spotlight was shined on them, from the trees ahead. 
The light revealed that Clement and Simones group was surrounded by soldiers, dressed in black ski masks and matching overalls; armed to the teeth with Drellic Tech laser rifles. Winston Severov then stepped out from behind the giant spotlight, in his flowing black trench coat, and gave Clement and Simone a sarcastic smile. He mockingly clapped his hands together, applauding their effort to elude him. 
A valiant effort to be sure, Admiral Clement, Severov said, though his sadistic grin. But as you know, I am a man who believes in leading by example. My only regret in finding you sir, is knowing that I have to make you my first example of the night.
Winston then quickly pulled a handgun from his left trench coat pocket and shot Clement in the head, killing him instantly. Simone was startled and fell backwards onto the cold icy ground. Severov ordered two of his men to pick her up and drag her over to him, while the rest of his men kept their rifles aimed at Clements soldiers. 
Simone was tightly held in place a few feet in front of Severov. He slowly approached her and removed a black leather glove from his right hand, so he could lightly caress Simones cheek, with his bare boney fingers. Tell me, Simone, Severov said in a sinister tone. Do I remind you of someone? Does this feel at allfamiliar? He then burst out laughing and continued to lightly run his fingers up and down her face, taking great pleasure in knowing that she was powerless to stop him. 


Chapter Nine

Several minutes before the fall of Tyrran, the blackened surface of neighboring planet Siren, was briefly visited by the slightest flicker of bright red light. To an objective cosmic bystander, Siren wouldve appeared as a blank canvas, traveling aimlessly through the solar system, with no purpose, other than to take up space and influence the path of the smaller inanimate objects, nearby. 
Against the black ash and rock, riddled with bits of metal and crumbled cement from the demolished skyscrapers of Siren City, the brief flicker of red light seemed to momentarily shock some life back into the great dead form. It illuminated the fallen city and violently shook the ground beneath its point of origin, as if it were a tiny heart defibrillator, with no hope of reviving a deceased giant. 
The source of the light was a miniature singularity that resided in the rear compartment of a long and bulky cargo ship. The compartment was retrofitted to stabilize the wormhole, with a rotating platform of super conductors and an electro-magnetic field. It was nearly identical to the Gate Chamber at the top of Tyrrans Delendra Tower. 
The ship was wedged in between two massive boulders that had been ejected from deep underground, by the Architect attack. It had a gleaming silver hull and a thick glass dome on the top side of its rear compartment, allowing for the Gate Chamber inside, to be visible from space. The inside of the ship was pitch black, until illuminated by the quick flash of red from the wormholes center. Seconds later, the platform abruptly stopped spinning, allowing for Daelon and Core to be safely flung through an open path between two of the metal beams. Their bodies landed and slid across the floor, coming to a halt, just shy of the concrete wall on the opposite side of the room. 
They got to their feet and looked upon one another, uncertain if they should continue their physical altercation. Core saw it was an opportune time to confine Daelon to the chamber, giving him a chance to make it to the ships bridge and assess the situation. But before he could finish putting his thought process together, they were both startled by the sound of the Gate Chamber platform, resuming its spin cycle. 
Daelon took advantage of Cores surprise and darted out of the room, without thinking to lock the hatchway behind him. Core chased him down a narrow corridor which presumably led to the ships bridge. As their feet clattered across the steel catwalk beneath them, a series of motion sensor lights began turning on over their heads, lighting their way to an open hatch way at the other end of the corridor, which appeared to lead into the bridge.
Daelon ran for his life, all the while wondering where the Talin had landed, or if it had made it through at all. He quickly made it through the hatch way and sealed it behind him. He was unfamiliar with the design of the locking mechanism, but was able to secure the hatch from the inside, by holding down two small green buttons at the same time, before Core had a chance to figure out how to open the hatch on his end.
 A thick, glass circular window at the top of the hatch, provided Daelon with a glimpse of the intensity in Cores eyes. After a few more seconds of exchanging angry and confused expressions through the hatch, Core paused for a moment and then quickly walked back towards the Gate Chamber. Daelon feared that Core would find the Talin and use it to destroy the Gate Chamber on the ship, destabilizing and super charging the wormhole. But even in his delusional state, Daelon hoped that Core would realize that the Architects were too far away to be compromised by such a plan. 
Daelon also feared that if Core did find the Talin, he could use it to at the very least, break down the shiny steel hatch that separated them. But Daelons instincts had led him to this unfamiliar ship that had somehow survived the incineration of Siren. Knowing that he had very little time to learn the purpose for his surroundings, Daelon sat in the tall, rotating red leather chair in the center of the room and leaned over the complex control consoles before him. 
There were four slanted panels of controls at his disposal. The two middle panels were filled with confusing multi-colored LED lit buttons that were marked with abbreviations, unfamiliar to him. The outer panels were large rectangular touch screens that displayed fluctuating power readings, presumably from the Gate Chamber behind him. 
Daelon had no idea as to the origins of the ship, it seemed he was going to have to learn to operate, if he wanted to stop Core from destroying the legacy of his people. He had never been informed of a special cargo ship carrying a Gate Chamber before, or how it couldve been linked to the chamber he had just left behind on Tyrran. After a quick file search, Daelon found the technical schematics of the vessel and found that the ship itself was of a long and bulky design, which seemed disproportionate and alien to him. 
Its silver hull shimmered in the sunlight and almost seemed to have a transparent or liquid look to it. The bridge portion of the ship was much wider and bulkier than the middle section, which housed the narrow corridor connecting the bridge to the wormhole compartment. 
From bow to stern, the cargo vessel was nearly three hundred feet long. The rear compartment was divided into two sections. The foremost section that housed the Gate Chamber, was much narrower than the aft most section, which provided a gleaming silver casing for the ships propulsion system. The propulsion system was made up of eight tube-like rocket engines that were divided into two rows of four. The top row was barely visible over the tops of the two boulders that still had a strong vice grip on the craft. The bottom row it seemed, was buried in the ashy terrain beneath them.
As Daelon continued to study the ships design, he was also moving on to learning how to use the ships functions. More specifically, he was learning how to fly the ship, as well as how to separate one compartment from another, in case he got an opportunity to strand Core out in space, or possibly leave him behind on Siren. It was an option that didnt yet seem possible to Daelon, amidst his studies. 
As he continued reading through the digital manual at his fingertips, he could hear the echo of footsteps, pounding against the catwalk behind him. He knew that Core had returned, most likely with the Talin in hand. 
Daelon finished reading through all of the vital information he would need to pilot the ship, and prepared to attempt breaking free from the gargantuan slabs of rock, surrounding him. He struck a series of buttons on the two middle control panels in a particular sequence, and felt the rumble of the mighty engines, vibrating throughout the entire craft. The soothing sound of progress, was then drowned out by the sound of a violent banging on the hatch, just inches behind Daelons chair. He spun around to face the hatch, after realizing the engines needed some time to heat up, and saw Core proudly displaying the Talin to him, through the hatch window. Core then reached back and effortlessly smashed through the ten inches of solid glass. He then retracted the Talin and pushed himself up through the window, which was just wide enough to allow him access to the bridge. 
By this time, after everything he had already experienced, Daelon had become numb to his fears of Core and lunged at him from his chair. He pushed against Cores long nappy hair and muscly arms, as hard as he could, and forced him out the window and onto his back, against the steel catwalk. Core was shocked at Daelons display of strength and watched as Daelon stuck his head through the broken window and boasted, Were going for a ride, my old friend! Youd better hold on! 
Daelon then jumped back into his chair, saw that the engines were in perfect order and ready to be fired. He then promptly charged all eight rocket tubes, which simultaneously ignited the eight fusion based fuel cells, behind the spinning Gate Chamber, sending the ship thrusting forward. Upon activation of the ships engines, the Gate Chamber automatically shut down and the wormhole vanished without a trace. It was a safety feature that Daelon wasnt aware of, but was immensely grateful for. 
The ship plowed through the boulders that had pinned it to the surface and broke free of the grasp of an obliterated Siren City. Daelon climbed for open space, turning the vessel completely vertical. This sent Core sliding down the catwalk, back towards the Gate Chamber. He struggled to hold on to the steel railing at his side, but lost his grip and slammed head first into the open hatchway, just before trickling down towards the stationary wormhole platform. He struck his head once more, on one of the tall metal beams and had become wedged in between one of the platforms metal beams and a concrete wall, unconscious and bleeding profusely from his forehead. 
The ship continued its climb into space, as Daelon witnessed the destruction of Tyrran from behind the thick canopy above him. He watched as the tangled organic web of Architect Planet Farmers, burnt the entire planet to a crisp, from the outer atmosphere, down to the surface. He then realized that he was one of the last few survivors of humanity, and that it had become more important than ever for him to complete his mission. Tears filled his eyes, as his rush of emotions was interrupted by a flashing red warning light to his left that produced an annoying, intermittent squawking sound. Daelon couldnt figure out how to turn the alarm off, until he noticed that the warning light itself, was a button. He pushed it down and the alarm stopped. Seconds later, the images on the touch screen to his left vanished and were replaced by a white screen covered with bold black text. The message read: 
DAELON- 
THIS SHIP WAS MEANT FOR YOU. IF YOU ARE READING THIS, THEN YOU HAVE ARRIVED WHERE YOU WERE MEANT TO. MY WORLD IS DOOMED, AS IS YOURS. BUT ALL DOES NOT HAVE TO BE LOST FOREVER. I HAD INTENDED TO DELIVER THIS MESSAGE TO YOU IN PERSON. BUT IF YOU ARE READING THIS, IT MEANS THAT I AM DEAD. IT IS TRUE THAT OUR FAMILY STARTED THIS WAR, BUT IN OUR FINAL DAYS, I HAVE COME TO REALIZE THAT WE ARE FACING AN ENEMY THAT CAN NEVER BE DEFEATED. AS POWERFUL AS WE HAVE BECOME THROUGH THEIR BLOOD, THEY WILL NEVER RETREAT. THEY WILL NEVER BOW TO US, AS WE HAVE BEEN MADE TO BOW TO THEM. I KNOW THIS NOW. THIS SHIP WAS ONE OF MANY DESIGNED TO EVACUATE OUR PEOPLE TO A DISTANT WORLD, BUT THEY WERE DESTROYED BY OUR ENEMY, LONG BEFORE THEY HAD THE CHANCE TO FULFILL THEIR PURPOSE.
THIS LAST SHIP WAS CAREFULLY HIDDEN IN OUR GREAT CAVERNS, BENEATH SIREN CITY. IT IS MADE FROM THE SAME ALLOY AS THE TALIN AND HAS BEEN ENRICHED WITH A SMALL AMOUNT OF STARBLOOD. IT WAS THE VERY LAST THAT I HAD, AND I USED IT SPECIFICALLY TO ENSURE THIS SHIPS SURVIVAL. I CAN ONLY HOPE THAT OUR ENEMIES WILL NOT THINK TO RETURN TO A WORLD THEYVE ALREADY DESTROYED, TO FIND IT. 
I AM NOW HEADING INTO WHAT WILL MOST LIKELY BE MY FINAL BATTLE WITH OUR GREAT ENEMY. I AM LEAVING THIS SHIP BEHIND, IN THE HOPES THAT THEY WILL NOT FIND IT. INSTEAD I AM LEAVING FOR TYRRAN TO FIND YOU ABOARD ONE OF OUR MORE PRIMITIVE VESSELS, AND WITH MORTAL MEN. WITH LUCK, WE WILL LAND UNDETECTED AND I WILL BE ABLE TO GUIDE YOU SAFELY TO THIS SHIP, SO WE CAN TAKE WHAT FEW SURVIVORS WE HAVE OUT INTO THE STARS, AFTER OUR ENEMY LEAVES OUR FALLEN SOCIETIES BEHIND. 
IRONICALLY, I PRESENTLY FEEL MORE AFRAID OF YOUNG CORE, THAN I DO THE ARCHITECTS. HE IS A BITTER YOUTH WITH DELUSIONS OF GRANDEUR, THAT EVEN I MYSELF HAVE NEVER BEEN GUILTY OF BEING BURDENED BY. RUMORS HAVE BEEN SPREADING OF HIS DESIRE TO KILL ME, AND IN THE VACUUM OF SPACE, I MIGHT BE MORE VULNERABLE THAN I CARE TO REALIZE. NEVERTHELESS, I MUST TRAVEL WITH HIM, IN ORDER TO AVOID STANDING OUT TO OUR ENEMY.
HOWEVER IF YOU ARE READING THIS MESSAGE, THAN I CAN ONLY GIVE TWO POSSIBLE EXPLANATIONS FOR MY ABSENCE. EITHER OUR ENEMY HAS KILLED ME OR CORE HAS. IN EITHER CASE, HE CANNOT BE TRUSTED. 
THE PRESENCE OF YOUR DNA ON THESE KEYPADS, HAS TRIGGERED THIS MESSAGE. I PRAY THAT YOUR EYES ARE SEEING THESE WORDS. BUT IF I AM GONE AND YOU FIND CORE TO BE RESPONSIBLE, THEN YOU MUST SET ASIDE YOUR PACIFIST WAYS. YOU MUST AVENGE ME AND THEN RETURN TO TYRRAN. ANOTHER MESSAGE AWAITS YOU IN THE DEPTHS, BENEATH FAUL CITY.
-DRELLIC


Chapter Ten

After Drellics death, a democratic faction called, The Peoples Salvation, had established a fully functioning government in Russia. It was well received by the people and paved the way for a new era of hope in the region. The leader of TPS was Marco Gropovski. He was perceived by his citizens to be a man of peace, who would restore the once proud nation back to its original state. However unbeknownst to the general public, Gropovski was an agent of Winston Severov, and had a dark agenda hiding behind his seemingly good nature. 
Winston, who had recently ordered Gropovski to send more bodies to Mars, was on his way back to Moscow, with Simone West-Hammond in tow. It was Gropovski, who was keeping the presence of the Darkside facility a secret from the public, and was a well-placed figurehead, for his falsely benevolent faction. 
It was the morning of January 10th, 2032 and the coldest morning of the season, thus far. Gropovski was patiently waiting at the base of the demolished skyscraper, which acted as a cleverly disguised rooftop for Severovs underground base of operations.
When Severov had traveled to West Virginia to intercept Clements platoon, he had made the journey in a standard combat helicopter and left all of his Drellic Tech behind, to conserve his resources, in preparation for future assaults. From inside the combat helicopter, he was able to hack into Clements recon ships, which he knew were purposely leading him in the wrong direction. 
Using a specialized, long range remote, made of carbon composite material, Winston was not only able to assume control of the recon patrols computer systems, but of the organic tentacles that served as safety harnesses aboard the ships, and were inspired by ancient Architect technology. Once he had used Clements own ships to destroy his convoy of supply trucks, he used his remote to command the ships to land, and then turned the safety harnesses, restraining the crews, into instruments of death; ordering them to tightly choke Clements men, until their necks were broken. He then commandeered the ships and used them to safely guide his helicopter back to base.

Gropovski was a middle-aged Caucasian, with a thick gray mustache and very pale complexion. He stood before the secret entrance to the Darkside base with a nervous expression. His armed escorts had failed to meet him at the location, as planned. 
He wore a thick black Ushanka, which pressed his thick eyebrows firmly against his forehead, and complemented his long gray military jacket. Despite knowing the incredible need for secrecy about the project, he was still bewildered by the absence of his usual entourage, and had the uneasy feeling that he had somehow displeased Severov. 
People are typically executed this way, he whispered to himself, as he looked overhead, to see Winstons helicopter and escort of six Drellic Tech recon ships, coming in for a landing. 	
As Gropovski struggled to maintain his composure, the six recon ships quickly buzzed by him and disappeared down into the underground section, concealed beneath the skyscraper ruins. The helicopter carrying Severov and his most trusted advisors, landed in the street, in front of him. 
Severov exited the helicopter alone and approached Gropovski, as his men took off behind him and disappeared behind The Kremlin, which was directly behind Severov. The streets were all but deserted, as a result of the nationwide curfew that was in effect for certain hours, every day. The curfew appeared to the public, to be justified by falsified radiation spikes, because of nuclear weapons used during the Drellic War. 
Both Gropovski and Severov had taken every precaution possible, to stop the public from learning of the dealings, transpiring beneath their feet. They both felt as though it was almost too perfect of a plan. 
Gropovski and Severov exchanged salutes and formally addressed one another. 
You brought that woman here, Gropovski said in an uneasy tone. He was referring to Simone, who was still aboard Winstons helicopter. 
Yes, I did. Is this a problem? Severov asked insinuatingly. 
Of course not, Gropovski replied, as his voice cracked from stress. 
I thought that we could talk in private, about the information received from our special friends in Shadow, Severov continued. 
Yes, of course, replied Gropovski.
It seems as though we have a situation. An unfortunate and unforeseen complication. Their resources have already been depleted and they need more, Severov said coldly. 
How many more? Gropovski asked. His nerves were clearly getting the best of him. He was shaking from head to toe, while waiting for Severov to deliver the news he had been dreading for years. 
Two thousand, should do it, Severov exclaimed. 
Two thousand?! Gropovski yelled. Severov raised his hand, to order Gropovski to lower his voice. You son of a bitch. Are there even that many of us left? Gropovski harshly replied. 
This angered Severov. Winston approached Gropovski and forcefully smacked him across his face. Marco was knocked backward a few steps, which caused him to slip on a patch of black ice and fall to the ground. Severov then towered over him. 
He knelt down at his side and whispered in his ear, If you dont get this done, there wont be any of us left, and you know it. Now, how long do you expect this to take? 
Your projected worst case scenario, checks out, Gropovski nervously replied. It will take ten years. I promise you. It can and will be done. But it will take ten years to build the ships and then gather and deploy the resources. 
Winston pondered his words for a moment and then helped Marco to his feet. Their patience will wither and their blood will boil, Severov began. But in the end, they will comply. Because the payoff will ensure that we will all survive this. He then put his hands on Gropovskis shoulders, smiled and said, Youve done very well. Keep doing good work. 
After his abrupt mood change, Severov left Gropovski standing alone and trembling in the street, as he disappeared into the compound. Gropovski then heard the sound of the combat helicopter landing on the opposite side of the building behind him. It meant that Simone was officially on the ground. Her presence confused Marco to no end, because it was unlike Severov to ever take prisoners. He could only speculate, as Winstons reasons for bringing Simone into the heart of the new Darkside.

Two hours later, Simone awoke from a deep, drug induced sleep, inside one of Winstons interrogation rooms. She was tied with thick rope to a rickety wooden chair, in a small room with gray concrete walls. A single spotlight that swung back and forth from a thin wire, attached to the ceiling, shone down upon her. 
Her coat and hat were missing and she had been stripped down to her black tee shirt and tight gray jeans. Her hands were tied behind her back with another length of rope. Her feet were tied to the front legs of the chair in the same fashion. Her mouth had also been gagged with a moist, smelly rag. She knew that if she tried to struggle, the chair would topple over, worsening her injuries. So instead of putting up a fight, she decided to wait patiently for her captor. 
Simone was no stranger to situations like these, and knew that the fact she was still alive, only improved her odds of eventual escape. As soon as her eyes had adjusted to her new surroundings, a metal door to her right was unlocked and slowly opened. Winston Severov entered the room, closed and locked the door behind him. He signaled to one of his guards, through the small rectangular opening in the center of the door, to take a walk. Winston then walked to the far corner of the room and unplugged the late twentieth century security camera, wired through a small hole in the ceiling.  He then pulled a wooden stool out of the shadows below the camera and sat just a few feet in front of Simone. She refused to look him in the eye, as she struggled to take her mind off of the taste of the rag in her mouth. 
To her relief, Winston pulled the rag from her mouth and threw it on the floor, allowing her to utter the words, You shouldve killed me in West Virginia. 
Winston laughed and replied, I like your attitude. Under different circumstances, you and I couldve actually gotten along quite well. Sadly, well never know. Now, down to business. You are alive for one reason. Several months ago, you had the honor of spending a great deal of time, with a man I greatly admire. I want to know everything you remember about Drellic Kail. Even details that might seem insignificant to you, might be extremely significant to me. I want to know everything, down to the taste of his breath, in your mouth. 
Simone remained silent for a moment, stared into Winstons eyes and simply repeated, You shouldve killed me in West Virginia.
Winston then smiled and whispered, Its funny you should say that. Im told that your husband said something very similar to my associates; those who had the pleasure of ending his life. Unfortunately for Callum, he had no valuable information, with which to secure a reunion for the two of you. Though, I suppose there couldve been certain advantages to letting him live just a little while longer. His presence may have encouraged you to be more generous with me. Its so sad that well never know and that Im now forced to do this the hard way. 
Simone then proceeded to spit in Winstons face. The wad of saliva landed on his brow. He closed his eyes and wiped it away with his black leather glove. He then rose to his feet and kicked Simones chair backwards. Once the back of her chair landed on the concrete floor, her bound wrists that were tied behind her chair, broke instantly, and were pressed against the floor by her own body weight. 
She screamed in pain, as Winston retrieved the wet gag from beside her and shoved it back into her mouth. Your screams are like nails on a chalkboard, he scoffed, as he straddled her and spit in her face, to return her gesture of disrespect. 
Winston then stood over her and pulled his Drellic Tech, carbon composite remote from his pocket. He entered a sequence of commands, which were followed by a horrifying slurping sound, coming from the ceiling above. Winston then slowly walked backwards towards the door, smiled and said, The ancient humans talked about the Architects quite a bit, on that recording device you found in Antarctica, Simone. Would you believe that at one time, this planet was visited by a vast fleet of living ships? A vast army of slimy disgusting creatures, carrying the most powerful entities in all of creation, most likely set foot on this exact spot, billions of years ago. As filthy as they mustve looked, you cant help but be inspired by technology like that, can you?
Winston then stood in the open doorway, preparing to slam the door behind him, as he left. He gazed up at the ceiling, where it was still too dark to see the source of the strange sound, and then back down at Simone. He gave her a sinister grin and said, Weve managed to salvage some of the organic elements from your ships and have incorporated them into our ranks as pets, you might say. Ill be back once theyve gotten acquainted with you. Winston then left, locking the door behind him. Simone looked up at the ceiling in terror, as three thick slimy tentacles, quickly descended from the shadows above, latching onto her neck, breasts and stomach, like giant leeches.


Chapter Eleven

Daelon wrapped his mind around the message he had just received from Drellic, as he put the cargo ship in orbit around Siren. Once the last of the forward thrusters had fired, slowing the ships momentum, Daelon confirmed that the artificial gravity system was in perfect order, before detaching the black leather safety harness from his waist. He then rose to his feet and cautiously peered through the broken window on the hatch, to search for Core. After noticing that the corridor was empty, he squinted his eyes to get a good look inside the Gate Chamber, at the far end of the ship. There, he noticed one of Cores giant black combat boots, sticking out from behind the chamber platform. 
Drellic had just informed Daelon that he had intended to arrive on Tyrran to save him, along with other survivors. But when Daelon was first confronted by Core, Core had arrived alone and said that he had watched Drellic kill himself, by leaping out into space to attack an Architect ship. Daelon was becoming irate at the thought of Core being not only responsible for Drellics death, but the derailing of a plan that Drellic had set in motion, to evacuate a small band of survivors to safety. 
Daelon took a deep breath and composed himself. He then quietly opened the hatch and cautiously started down the catwalk. He didnt want to kill Core. He had never wanted to kill anyone, not even in war. But Daelon felt that these were very different circumstances. Drellic also told Daelon that there was another message waiting for him in The Depths on Tyrran. To Daelon, this implied that there might still be a way for Drellics plan to be a partial success. He wondered about the possibility of there being other survivors in The Depths that Drellic wanted him to find. If that were the case, he knew that Cores presence could be a problem. He already had no doubt that Core had been driven insane by the war, and also knew that Core would most likely get them both killed, after learning that he had failed to prevent Tyrrans destruction. 
About a minute later, he reached the end of the corridor and started into the Gate Chamber. He immediately saw Core lying on his side to his left, as he was still pinned in between the concrete wall of the compartment and the tall metal stanchion. Daelon noticed the deep gash in Cores forehead that was still dripping blood, adding to the small pool on the floor. 
For an instant, Daelon pondered just leaving Core in his present state and allowing him to bleed to death. But he didnt want to risk Core regaining consciousness and retaliating, and so Daelon decided that he needed to take his brothers advice, and cast aside his pacifist nature. Although it would require him to compromise his innermost beliefs and values, he knew he had to dispose of Core, before returning to Faul City. 
The cargo ships airlock was located off of the Gate Chamber, directly across from where Core had been pinned. Daelon used all of his might to grab Core by his armpits and pull him out from behind the metal beam. He stopped for a moment to catch his breath, then reached down to attempt dragging him across the room, the same way. 
As he placed his hands on Cores shoulders, Core quickly grabbed both of Daelons arms and flipped him over into the concrete wall, at Cores feet. Daelon crashed into the wall and then slid down, head first onto the floor. The floor pushed his neck forward, as his shoulders made contact. Daelon quickly pushed off of the wall with his feet and turned himself right side up, before Core could land his first blow. He managed to get to one knee, before Core violently kicked him in the face, forcing him onto his back. Core then jumped on top of Daelon and began mercilessly beating him. Cores knees dug into Daelons chest, as he repeatedly punched Daelon in the face, alternating between his left and right fists over and over again, until his knuckles were just as bloody as Daelons face. 
Once Core saw that Daelon was unconscious, he stopped beating him and pressed two of his fingers against his neck, to feel for a pulse. After a few seconds, he established that Daelon was still alive and dragged him down the corridor, by his hands and into the ships bridge. Core then assumed the captains chair, leaving Daelon a bloody mess, on the floor behind him. 
Daelons nose was broken and bleeding profusely down into his mouth. Tiny red bubbles formed in between his lips, as he took short unconscious breaths. Core looked over the control console, finding it to be just as odd and awkward to learn, as Daelon had. He had also never seen this kind of ship design before. Core then noticed that the text message Drellic had left for Daelon, was still visible on the touch screen panel to his left. Once he finished reading it, he calmly exited out of the message, as if it hadnt fazed him at all, and turned his attention to the digital navigational charts on the opposite touch screen. He then noticed that the ship was in orbit around Siren, and that Tyrran would soon be visible on the horizon. He looked up through the ships dome shaped canopy with great anticipation, only to be utterly devastated by the sight of Tyrrans appearance, which was now identical to Sirens. He then saw that the Architect fleet was long gone, leaving behind nothing expect a trail of sparkling white mist from their engines. 
The two worlds of man were gone, and Core was islanded in space with Daelon, whom he had immeasurable hatred for. In his mind, he had only Drellics brother to blame for the end of humanity and the Architects effortless departure. Deep within all his conflicting emotions, he still had the presence of mind to think back to Drellics message, which mentioned a second message waiting for Daelon in The Depths. 
Core had worshiped Drellic like a god for years, and had always been bitter with jealousy, due to his thirst for the Starblood, his generation had been denied. He had also known for some time that Drellic had never fully trusted him. Knowing that Drellic frequently questioned his integrity, drove Core to develop a reputation for reckless behavior. His mind raced with questions, along with feelings of anger and betrayal. As he stared deeply into the black abyss of charred rock before him, he had only one desire. He needed to pilot the cargo ship down into The Depths, to uncover the truth of Drellics plan. Despite knowing that the message was specifically intended for Daelons eyes only, he saw this moment as his last chance to be the hero to his people, he always wanted to be. 
Core spun around in his chair, to see that Daelons face was barely recognizable, through all the blood and scars, and that he was still unconscious. He then turned back to the control panels, took manual control of the ship, fired the engines and headed for Tyrran. 
As the cargo ship sped towards its destination, Core noticed a faint glimmer out beyond Tyrrans planetary horizon. At first, he thought it was just another star, but then realized it had an odd shape to it and that it appeared to be getting closer. It was too far away for him to tell exactly what the shimmering object was, but he had hopes that it was either a stranded friendly vessel, or an Architect ship returning to assess the damage they had left behind. 
Either way, the object was on a direct course for Tyrran and Core was determined to reach The Depths, before the unknown ship had a chance to interfere with his personal vendetta. After some rough navigating and awkward thrusts, as Core was still getting used to the cargo ships controls, he managed to locate the ruins of Faul City, pieces of the once mile high Delendra Tower, and a wide rocky entrance to the underground caverns known as The Depths. 
He carefully slowed the ships descent, as he passed through the planets surface without incident. He found that the ships front spotlights were automated, and once the ship had passed beyond the view of the sun, they clicked on, showing him the way down to the bottom of the mighty caverns.
Moments later, he activated the ships six landing extensions. Six steel extremities emerged in two rows of three, on both the port and starboard sides of the ship, allowing six flat metal platforms to softly make contact with the rocky terrain, at the bottom of The Depths. Upon making contact with the surface, Core programmed the ships auto defense grid to engage, once he left the airlock to explore. He hoped that there would be at least one pressure suit aboard, since Drellic had intended for this ship to land here, after the destruction of the planet. 
Core slowly turned away from the controls in his chair, and stepped over Daelons body, to reach the hatchway. He was more focused and alert than ever, as he purposefully strolled down the catwalk, while scanning the walls and side compartments for attire that would allow for extra vehicular activity. He then entered the Gate Chamber, and found the entrance to the ships airlock on his right. 
He smirked at the memory of Daelon, attempting to drag his body into the airlock minutes earlier. He then located a small gray dial on the inner hatch, which he turned clockwise, to open it. Once inside the airlock, he found something he did not expect. The actual outer hatch for the airlock was directly in front of him, but there was also a steel staircase to his right, leading to another chamber beneath the airlock. At the top of the staircase, was an open utility closet, stuffed with seven pressure suits and helmets. Core was about to sift through them to find an ideal fit, but his curiosity compelled him to investigate the mysterious lower deck. 
He slowly descended the staircase. Each step had been retrofitted with a pressure sensitive light panel, which turned on as his feet touched them, lighting his way. Once he reached the bottom, he was met by even more confusion. There was nothing on the lower deck. It was just a large, empty rectangular concrete room. 
The walls were lined with locking mechanisms, designed to be occupied by long cylindrical objects, but there were no objects for them to be locked onto. This room was clearly part of a stage of Drellics plan that hadnt been reached yet. Core disappointedly returned to the top of the staircase and rifled through the utility closet, searching for a pressure suit and matching helmet that would fit him. 
The suits were made up of an external layer of dull gray fabric and five internal, aluminized insulation layers. The innermost garment was a liquid cooling and ventilation layer that was partially organic in nature. It removed heat, perspiration and waste from its occupant, after converting it all into a single gas and dumping it into space, with an external radiator, worn on the right shoulder. The oxygen pack was worn over the left shoulder, and was a cumbersome black cube that replenished itself by immediately converting exhaled carbon dioxide into new oxygen. The helmet was just a thick, clear plastic dome that locked into the neck ring of the suit, and came with a fitted protective visor that could be pulled over his face from back to front.
Once Core found an appropriate match and secured himself inside a suit, he made one final pass in front of the corridor leading to the bridge, to make sure that Daelon was still lying unconscious on the floor. Once satisfied that Daelon wasnt moving any time soon, he made his way back to the airlock and sealed himself inside. 
Using a keypad on his right arm that was linked to the ships airlock control, he depressurized the airlock and opened the outer door. He then became exposed to the caverns outside, which were completely void of an atmosphere. The sun was shining down on the surface above, but was barely visible through the thick layers of rock over his head. The Depths had never been more dark and mysterious than they were at that moment. 
Cores warrior instincts took over. He cast his fears aside and dutifully marched forward into the black. He had two tiny spotlights attached to either side of his helmet, which automatically turned on, once he left the ship. He cautiously passed beneath an archway, forged in rock, and came to a giant, shiny metal door, similar to a shipyard garage door; imprinted with the Ringed Circles, Siren and Tyrrans unity symbol.
A small, blue glowing circular key pad was embedded in the rock, to the right of the door. Core then realized that he needed to input a password, to see what was concealed on the other side. He thought for a moment, breathed a heavy sigh and inputted the name, Daelon Kail into the security system. Core wasnt surprised at all, when the door instantly rose from the ground and stopped halfway, giving him more than enough room to walk normally beneath it. 
Once beyond the metal door, he came upon another sight that astounded him. He found himself looking at dozens of long, white cylindrical pods lined up to his right, along one of the rock walls of the chamber. Each pod had a clear glass plate near its top, revealing the face of a living human occupant in suspended animation. 


Chapter Twelve

Simone awoke on the floor of Severovs interrogation room, covered in a clear slimy discharge. It was all that remained of her squid-like attackers from the night before, and the smell of the unsettling substance reminded her of a poorly kept public bathroom. 
Once she was able to focus, she realized that both the chair and rope were gone, and that her clothes had been shredded. Her shirt was ripped at the neck and hung loosely off of her body, revealing her right breast. Her jeans had small tears in them, going up and down her legs, but were still tightly fit around her waist. In a panic, she thrashed around and stared up at the dark ceiling, awaiting another assault from the horrid creatures above. She listened for the awful slurping sound that they made, while staring intently into the shadows. From what she gathered, the creatures were gone; or so she hoped. 
After her abrupt panic attack, she found herself barely able to move. She was still very weak from the night before. She could also tell that she had been drugged with something. It felt as though she had been given a heavy sedative. She had no way of knowing if Severov had drugged her, or if the creatures had forced some kind of venom into her bloodstream. Either way, she was almost completely paralyzed from the neck down, and knew she needed to avoid exerting herself, in order to regain her strength. She had then just begun to ponder possible means of escape, when Severov reentered the room.  
Severov was wearing a thick black Ushanka and his familiar black trench coat. He quickly handed them both to the guard standing outside the door, revealing a gray, Russian military uniform. The guard then handed him a wooden folding chair, and locked the door. Severov opened the chair and calmly set it down next to Simone. He then reached down, placed one hand on her right shoulder and one hand under her legs, then lifted her onto the chair. Simone whimpered, as she felt herself beginning to lose consciousness again. 
We cant have you doing that; now, can we? Severov whispered, as he pulled a syringe from his pocket. Youll have to excuse the uncomfortable concrete floor. My slimy friends made quite a mess of your restraints from last night. They also have a tendency to show gratitude to their party hosts, by filling them with a toxin that weakens the muscles. Youre not paralyzed, as Im sure you could tell. Youre just not in any condition to run off on me. 
Severov then smiled and injected a clear chemical from his syringe, into Simones neck. She yelped in pain, as her eyes widened. She then found that she was able to think and speak clearly again. 
Mother fucker! she yelled. 
Severov laughed and said, Thats just a little something to keep you awake. You still wont be able to run away and cancel our luncheon, but you will at least be able to answer my questions. Speaking of lunch, did you want something to eat?
Simone just stared at him coldly and replied with a simple, Fuck you. Winston then pulled a second syringe from his pocket and said, Mrs. Hammondconsidering youve just recently become a widow, I can understand your frustration. I once had a wife. We had an amazing life together. It was truly magical, I assure you. But when Drellic came and opened my eyes to what the world could be, my wife decided that he was a monster and joined a resistance group, who tried to have him killed. Long story short, it didnt take long before I knew what had to be done. I was lost and devastated. But when Drellic told me about how he executed his own wife, for the greater good of his people, wellWhat can I say? It was a revelation! 
Simone became disheartened. Her eyes filled with sadness and in an emotionless tone asked, You murdered your own wife, because Drellic told you to? 
Severov just smiled, gave her a quick wink and replied, When you want something badly enough, theres nothing you wont do to get it. Right? 
Youre right, Simone answered, without hesitation. Theres nothing I wont do, to see you suffer and die for the things youve done. 
I know that, Severov answered, with his familiar sadistic grin. Thats why your journey ends here, he continued, as he pressed the second syringe against Simones neck, in the exact same spot he had given her the first injection. Its Sodium Pentothal, dear, Severov whispered. Its not typically my style to implement James Bond movie tactics, but youve left me no choice. You knew Drellic better than anyone in his final days. He told me that I was well on my way to becoming his second in command, but never once opened himself to me. 
You sound like you were in love with him, Simone scoffed, as she was becoming disoriented again. 
Maybe youre right, Winston replied. After all, how could one not love the greatest gift ever given to mankind? 
Simones disgusted expression didnt last very long, as the truth serum began to take its effect on her. A strange sense of euphoria came over her, as she tilted her head back and prepared for the inevitable. Winston proceeded to probe her for hours about the details of her time spent in Sydney, as Drellics prisoner. Simone talked at great length about Drellics delusional state, during which he had begun to confuse Simone with his long deceased wife Moya, and how he wanted to share his new world with her. 
As she continued to reminisce about Drellics plans to make her his bride, Winston started to show signs of discomfort and jealousy, which Simone instantly attacked, without mercy. Her inability to withhold her thoughts, merely enhanced her usual forward and aggressive personality. She proceeded to mock Winston and repeatedly accused him of being a homosexual, who was disappointed he never got the opportunity to play with Drellics genitals. 
After her last few comments about Winstons sexuality, he nearly beat her death, by knocking her to the ground and repeatedly kicking her in the stomach and face. He then left her bleeding on the floor and exited the room. By then, she was bleeding internally from her abdomen and her face had been disfigured beyond recognition. She had a broken nose and jaw, and her eyes, mouth and nostrils looked like tiny bowls of blood. 
Simone spent the next several hours writhing in pain and screaming in agony. Finally, she could no longer handle the intensity of her pain, and she was completely certain that she was going to die there on the cold concrete floor. Upon that realization, she rolled onto her side and stopped struggling to breathe. She curled herself up into a ball, to help her in coping with the throbbing pains throughout her body. By then, she was just waiting to die. She rocked herself back and forth against a wall, and prayed that she would fall unconscious again, so she could die in her sleep. Her final thoughts were of Callum, as she felt herself drift away from the world. 

To her disbelief, she later found herself waking up to the sound of spinning helicopter blades. Six hours had passed. Simone struggled to open her eyes, only to have to close them again, because the blinding sunlight coming through the windows of the helicopter, she had been strapped inside. 
She squinted, as she looked over her surroundings. She had been strapped to a stretcher. The lower portion of her head, her chest and stomach were wrapped in thick white bandages. She was also wearing a fitted neck brace, as well as a back brace. 
Although she was unable to move her arms and legs, she was feeling surprisingly alert. The majority of her pain had subsided and she could feel her strength returning. She turned her eyes to the right, as far as she could, to get a look at the people around her. There were two pilots that she couldnt see, passed the bulky backs of their black leather seats, and a middle aged military man with a thick mustache, and strapped in behind one of the pilots seats. The man whom she hadnt met yet, was Marco Gropovski, Severovs second in command. 
In a groggy voice she uttered, Why am I still alive? 
To which Gropovski replied, Because we need you to be. Youre going to help us, Simone. 
Help you do what? Simone asked. Gropovski leaned in closer to her, looked upon her battered body with sympathetic eyes and replied, Youre going to help us bring down Severov. 
What? I dont understand, she said groggily, with a confused tone. 

Not everyone agrees with what hes doing. And there arent many of us left, Gropovski began. You do not yet realize the magnitude of what is coming. Ten years from now, something terrible is going to happen. Something that I believe will cause mankinds extinction. Something even worse than Drellic. And you are going to help us prevent it. 


Chapter Thirteen

Daelon awoke on the bridge of the cargo ship, barely able to turn his head, to find the source of an irritating ringing sound, coming from the ships control consoles. Before attempting to stagger to his feet, he dealt with the unpleasant task of forcing his head to turn in the opposite direction, allowing him to scan the area for Core. Once he was satisfied that Core was not in the immediate vicinity, he got a hold of the captains chair, smearing it with the blood he had previously spread from his face to his hands. He then pushed himself up and onto the chair. 

The ringing sound was coming from a series of multi colored push buttons on the ships center control panels that were flashing in what appeared to be a non-sensible sequence. Daelon aggressively punched at random buttons, as the loud ringing was beginning to make his head throb with pain. Finally, he hit enough of the correct buttons in unison, to silence the alarm. A navigational chart then appeared on the touch screen to his right. He squinted at the screen through his puffy bruised cheeks, to see a white circular outline against a black background, that was labeled, Tyrran. 
He then noticed a flashing green speck in the upper right hand corner of the screen, which he tapped with his bloody finger, magnifying the image. The green speck then became a large green square, that when enlarged, took up the majority of the screen, shrinking the image of Tyrran. Inside the square, was yet another spaceship that looked strange and unfamiliar to Daelon. 
The outer hull was the color of rusting nuts and bolts. Its long and flat rectangular shape, was merely a platform for the three large domes that made up the entire topside of the ship. There was no visible propulsion system or engine exhaust trail anywhere around its edges. Yet it was traveling at an alarming speed. The fluctuating numbers in the lower left hand corner of the touch screen, showed it traveling at 10,000 kilometers per second. Its velocity was slowing and it was currently 100,000,000 kilometers from Tyrran. Its entire structure was the size of all of Faul City. This made it roughly 17 miles long, and nearly 10 miles wide.
What intrigued Daelon most about the inbound craft, was its design. The technology was extremely alien to him; even more so, than his cargo ship. It appeared to be neither Architect nor Human in origin. This made it impossible to predict the intentions of its occupants. 
Daelon knew he had precious little time to uncover the truth of Drellics secret plan. He gazed out the window, and instantly recognized the rock forged archway ahead, marking the entrance to The Depths. He quickly searched the ships inventory for pressure suits and learned their location. He had also noticed that an airlock cycle had already been initiated, indicating that Core was no longer on board.
By the time Daelon made it to the utility closet outside the airlock, he could feel a violent tremor shaking the ground on which Faul City once stood. He knew the alien ship had arrived in orbit around Tyrran and mustve been near their location. At that moment, he had to make a decision of whether or not to attempt fleeing the scene in the cargo ship, or carrying on with his mission to investigate The Depths, as Drellic had asked. 
He had also pondered attempting to contact the alien ship, but fearing that it was a hostile vessel somehow connected to the Architects, decided to not do anything that would further give away his location. 
Finally, Daelon felt that he had wasted far too much time analyzing the situation, and needed to at least attempt moving forward with Drellics plan, if the human race had any chance for survival. He quickly secured himself inside a suit and helmet, identical to the set up that Core had stolen for himself. He then noticed that the ship had automatically closed the ships outer door behind Core, and re-pressurized the airlock. The ongoing tremor was getting stronger, vibrating the walls around Daelon. He knew the alien ship was getting closer and that its purpose would soon be revealed.
Daelon then entered the airlock, depressurized it and opened the outer door. He could see the partially raised metal door in the rock wall ahead, as he made contact with the ground. As he attempted to run towards the spotlight trails from Cores helmet, he found that the gravitational force of the planet had been weakened by the Architect attack. Feeling as though he had lost half of his body weight, he found himself gliding across the surface, as he safely passed beneath the metal door. 
Once inside, he found Core standing motionless, beside the row of life pods he had discovered earlier. Core noticed Daelons arrival, but didnt appear to be effected by it. He just stared at Daelon with lifeless eyes. They had also both realized that they could hear each other breathing, and that the suits were automatically radio-linked. 
There are 36 people down here, Core told Daelon, in a complacent tone, as he pointed to the row of pods. Theres a projector at the end of the row, he added, as he pointed down passed the last pod. Its carrying a message for you. I tried to hear it for myself. But it will only work for you. Drellic made sure of that. 
Daelon cautiously approached Core, as the violent tremors were getting stronger and stronger, shaking the crumbling rock walls around them. 
Core seemed as though he had no fight left in him. He just stared up at the crumbling ceiling and asked, Have the Architects returned? 
I dont know, Daelon replied. Ive never seen a ship like that one before. 
Daelon was then about to walk down towards the projector Core had pointed out, but paused at the thought of the one question he needed to have answered, first. He slowly turned his gaze back to Cores eyes and asked, Did you kill my brother? 
Core closed his eyes for a moment, opened them to look Daelon in the eye and replied, Yes. Yes, I did. 
Daelon wasnt at all surprised by Cores answer. He was deeply saddened by learning the truth, and wanted more than anything to kill Core for all that he had done. But something inside him was still trying to convince him that every last remaining human life was precious and could not be squandered. 
Why did you do it? Daelon asked. 
Well, its simple really. I knew he wasnt being honest with me. I had dedicated my entire adult life to being his errand boy. I never once questioned his authority or motives. All I ever wanted in return was the same respect that I had always shown him. But when I last saw him, he was hiding in the back of my ship, hoping the enemy wouldnt detect him. He told me that the war was over. He said that all was lost and that he needed to find you. He was giving up in order to find you and to protect whatever secrets he was guarding here. And now I finally know the truth. He was so convinced that our race was doomed, that he constructed a fleet of cargo ships and had these people frozen down here, to be transported to a safe haven, that only he was allowed to know the location of.
What is so wrong with that? Daelon asked, as the tension in the room began to rise. He was only trying to do the intelligent thing. He had a back-up plan to ensure that our species could go on, in case we failed. Whats wrong with that? 
Theyll just find us again and kill us off! He was only delaying the inevitable! Core screamed. We had a chance to destroy the enemy, and he wouldnt take it! Instead, he just let them leave, unharmed! Before we were born, when this war first started, he was the first of us to ingest the Starblood, and he single-handedly destroyed the largest of their ships from the inside. In the decades that followed, we had an army of millions with that same power, but we still let them eradicate us, because of his failure to do what was necessary! 
Daelon became numb, because of his hatred for Cores ignorance. Despite Cores physical advantages, Daelon ignored Cores towering stance and screamed, He did what he did, because he was right! This war was unwinnable from the beginning! It may have taken a hundred years, but he finally learned that! Why cant you? This is our only chance!
Before Core had a chance to respond, the strongest of the tremors thus far, shook the ground beneath them, causing it to crack. The force from the engines of the alien ship outside, sent both Daelon and Core falling onto their backs. Daelon then quickly got up and realized he needed to take in Drellics final message before it was too late. He ignored Core, who was still on the ground, and made it to the projector. 
The projector was a simple, small black box, embedded in the ground at Daelons feet. It scanned his retinas with a thin, blue laser light, as soon as he stepped in front of it. The device recognized Daelon and an image of Drellic in his traditional, all black public servants uniform appeared before him. 
Drellics hologram had a look of desperation and sadness. Without any delay, Drellic softly said, Brother, I regret knowing that if you are receiving this message, I am now long dead. However, I am pleased knowing that you have made it to this point, and I know I can count on you to complete this mission. By now, you must have the cargo ship with you and have discovered its intended purpose. Upon activation of this message, the life pods to your right will automatically guide themselves into the storage bay on the ship, and the coordinates of your destination will be uploaded into your navigation system.
Daelon and Core both looked on, as the 36 life pods were now levitating and had begun their slow path towards the cargo ship, in single file. The people in those pods are some of the most brilliant scientific and political minds of the most recent generation of man, Drellic continued. You will need them to successfully establish a prosperous human colony. I know that you will see this through. And I want you to know that despite our differences when you were younger, I have always been very proud to call you my brother. 
Core was standing at Daelons side, listening to Drellics final words to his brother. As they looked on, they noticed bright flashes of light over Drellics shoulders, interfering with the transmission. Drellic appeared startled and said, I must go now. The enemy is upon us and Im out of time. Im now leaving in the hopes of finding you. But obviously the activation of this recording, means that Ive failed. Before I leave, I want you to know something else. I want you to know how truly sorry I am, for what I have done to our people. Do not remember me as a delusional, absent minded dictator. I am not oblivious to the fact that this is my fault. I wish things couldve been different. I honestly do. But this is the way things are, Daelon. Now its time for you to do what must be done to save our race. This is your destiny, brother. Fulfill it and take all our hopes and dreams with you into the stars.
The bright flashes of light began to engulf the transmission field. Drellic was violently pushed forward. The holographic projection of his head, then nearly made contact with Core. Daelon quickly moved out of the way and caught one final glimpse of Drellics teary eyes, before the transmission faded away. 
Drellics final words were, I love you brother. Best of luck. Once again, Im so sorry. With that, the transmission ended and the stream of light was sucked back into the small black box, at Daelons feet. 
He then turned to Core, once the last of the life pods had turned the corner of the entrance and was out of sight and said, Lets go. 
No, Core said. I think I should stay here. Daelon paused for a moment, and despite his desire to see Core suffer, asked, Why? 
I trapped your brother in an airlock and forced him out into space. Call it a warriors instinct. But I know youll always want to kill me for that. Drellic was right. Its your destiny to lead these people to their new home. And its a home I have no place in.
Daelon, given his better nature asked, Are you sure? Core simply nodded and watched Daelon look upon him with a cold unforgiving gaze, before following behind the row of pods and disappearing beyond the metal door. Core then sat against the rock wall of the chamber, and felt the vibrations of the cargo ships engines propelling it out of The Depths and away from Tyrran. The integrity of the structures around him continued to weaken. A new series of strong tremors, then surged throughout the room, causing huge chunks of rock to fall from the ceiling, all around Core. 
Core knew he would soon be dead, either from lack of oxygen, debris or hostile encounter with the new arrivals, but he felt compelled to at least get a glimpse of the unknown ship, before meeting his demise. He staggered out of the chamber, walked several paces beyond the crumbling archway and looked up through the giant hole over his head, which used to be a sturdy foundation for downtown Faul City. Through the hole, he could see an ominous shadow being cast all around him, until the rust colored metal hull of the alien ship, eclipsed his view of the stars. 
He wondered if Daelon had successfully escaped with his 36 passengers, before a blinding green light from the alien ships underbelly, was burned into his eyes. He screamed in horror, as intense heat radiated around him. Core eventually passed out from the pain. 
He awoke several hours later, and was strapped to a hot metal table, beneath a transparent dome. The dome appeared to be made of liquid; a material very similar to the outer hull of Daelons cargo ship. As he gazed up at the stars overhead, he could see tiny ripples passing back and forth before his eyes, upon the transparent material that was protecting him from the vacuum of space. 
The room was very dark, aside from tiny blue lights that glowed all around him in no particular pattern. As he continued to stare intently at the watery ripples that flowed beneath the field of stars above, he could hear the soft ringing of what sounded like bells, echoing in the distance, each time two or more of the ripples came into contact with one another. Although he was both confused and scared, it was a remarkably tranquil setting. 
After a few minutes had passed, Cores peaceful surroundings were tainted by a piercing white light, originating from a sliding metal door, which was slowly opening to his right. Once the door had completely opened and the bright light had filled the room, Cores attention was drawn to the sound of approaching footsteps from just outside the opening. A moment later, a creature Core had never seen the likes of before, was standing over him.


Part Two: Of Vengeance 

Chapter Fourteen

Ten years had passed since Simones aided escape from Severovs facility in Moscow. The date was February 1st, 2042, and by this time, Simone was 51 years old. Over the course of the previous decade, the world had become much more recognizable, to all those who could remember the time before Drellic. The poorly organized, fickle factions in the United States, Russia, Japan, China and Australia, had become fully functioning governments that had implemented a worldwide initiative to clean up the ruins of the worlds major cities. They sought to rebuild society without the burden of a monetary system, and agreed to only reinstate each countrys own monetary system, once the majority of its people could rejoin the workforce and restart their economies with a clean slate. 
By 2042, Marshall Law had been lifted from every nation that still had a respectable military, and an era of world peace had ensued. This was due to the popular opinion, that if mankind were to repair the Broken Earth, they would have to do it as one people. Happiness and prosperity flooded the world. Many praised the Era of Drellic as a blessing in disguise, which paved the way for world peace. 
But there was one small group of Americans and Russians, who knew of a terrible truth brewing in Moscow, Russia. And despite their unique foresight, they lacked both the numbers and resources to alert the world and act on their knowledge.
Unfortunately for Marco Gropovski, Simone West- Hammond and their small band of enlightened freedom fighters, Winston Severov had become one of the most powerful people in the world. He had become the Chairman of the Government of the Russian Federation in 2038, as he had refused to be referred to by anyone as Prime Minister. He then became the President of Russia in 2040, after the President at the time was mysteriously killed in an unexplained plane crash. 
Winstons charisma and high standards for his people, had led Russia to become the most powerful nation in the world, by the late 2030s. Shortly after obtaining the presidency, Winston announced to the world that a team of his best scientists had discovered a unique mineral on the surface of Mars, which could be synthesized into a gas and used to reverse global warming on Earth.
Winston then proposed the first ever manned mission to Mars; the purpose of which was to establish mines on the surface, with which to harvest the mineral. Over the previous ten years, Winston had made sure that anyone with any information about the previous missions to Mars, was killed. Simone and Gropovski were the only people still beyond his reach, with any knowledge of what was known as, The Shadow Colony. But Severov and his people were hunting them every day, and knew that they could not afford to come out into the open to make accusations. The entire world was in love with Winston Severov and saw him as the would-be savior of humanity.
Gropovski was once Severovs second in command, and one of the only other people in the world with knowledge of the Shadow Colony. But his fear for Severov, was only matched by his disgust for what Severov was responsible for. Just before her escape, Simone had been beaten senseless by Severov and left for dead in her cell. Simones comments to Severov, which provoked the beating, drove Severov into seclusion, as well as a tall bottle of scotch. It was then that Gropovski saw his opportunity to gather the few men that shared his point of view, and flee the compound, with Simone in their safe custody. 
By February of 2042, Simone and Gropovski were holed up in Anchorage, Alaska. It was a sparsely populated area during that time, and was one of the few American cities that had yet to enter the rebuilding process, since the greater focus had been on the continental US. This made it an ideal spot to stay off of Winstons radar for the time being. 
Once they had nestled into their new base of operations, Simone had already learned all that Gropovski knew of the Shadow Colony, and watched in horror has Winston appeared on International Television, on February 1st, 2042. He had unveiled ten new MARC rockets in orbit around Earth, and they were each waiting to carry 253 new colonists to Mars, to mine a mineral, which Simone knew to be fictitious. 
Winston declared that a little over 2,000 people would be selected to travel to the Red Planet, to begin the mining process. He explained that only people in top physical condition would be eligible, and that a return plan had already been put into effect, which would ensure the colonists timely arrival back to Earth, one year after their arrival on Mars. 
It didnt take long for Winstons offices to be flooded with emails, calls and walk-in appointments. Colonist interviews were scheduled to begin at the end of the month. Unbeknownst to Winston, one of his upcoming interviews was going to be with an unrecognizable, Simone West- Hammond. 
Thanks to the Darkside connections from her past, Simone was still in contact with Dr. Robert Feldman; an old colleague of hers, who specialized in reconstructive surgery and prosthetics. Dr. Feldman was frequently sought after, for altering the physical appearance of sleeper agents, who were feared to have been compromised by the enemy. If the enemy already knew the face of an agent, Dr. Feldman was called in to supply that agent with a new one. 
Gropovski spent years trying to discourage Simone from posing as a nave colonist; but it was no use. Finally, Gropovski himself found that he was no match for Simones persistent and persuasive nature, and decided to accompany her to the interviews; also with a new face and identity. It was the most difficult decision either of them had ever had to make. They were leaving behind everything that they were, in their attempt to make the journey to Mars. 
Although Gropovski didnt know every last detail of Winstons plan, he knew that Winston had made a bargain with Shadow, the organization that was secretly in control an underground facility on Mars, where the thousands of people already dispatched to the Red Planet from 1994-2012, had been sent for processing. The true identities of the members of Shadow, had been kept a secret from Gropovski, but he knew enough about the MARC procedure, to develop a plan for getting through to Mars, without being discovered by Shadow. Marco and Simones greatest challenge was having to come up with a plan to infiltrate the facility and somehow free the colonists that could still be saved. 
Gropovski knew that there were men, women and children of all ethnicities, currently on Mars. However, he had no way of knowing if any of them were still alive, or if anyone who was still alive, could even be saved. He didnt even know exactly what had been done to them or what their true purpose was on Mars. He only knew that Shadow had been responsible for the creation of the Darkside Project, and were the true masterminds behind the early missions to Mars, as well as the Hades mission, which was responsible for Drellics arrival on Earth. 
This was the one truth that Simone had found to be the most unsettling. It confirmed that the organization she had dedicated the majority of her career to, had been lying to her from the beginning. But thanks to her history with said secret government organizations, the concepts of assuming a false identity and disappearing from the publics eye, were not foreign to her. 
What plagued Simone even more, was not knowing why her former superiors were so willing and even eager, to condemn thousands of innocent people, to an unknown and presumably destructive fate. The only thing Gropovski knew for sure about their motives, was that Severov had said many times that if he helped Shadow reach their goal, then he would be given the means to become the sole ruler of mankind. And given Severovs obsession with Drellic, Gropovski could only assume that something resembling the dark times of Drellics regime on Earth, was what the founding members of Darkside had in mind. 

Dr. Robert Feldmans laboratory was also located in Anchorage. It was presumed destroyed during Drellics reign; but Simone knew better. She had stayed in contact with the doctor, during the months after Drellics death, and knew that his resources were still viable. 
Once basic phone and internet services were restored worldwide, Simone was able to track him down again, years later. It took some convincing, but like Gropovski, Feldman also had a difficult time saying no to Simone, and agreed to meet her at his old laboratory, with some new gadgets he had been tinkering with. 

Marco had told Simone that Winstons announcement about Mars was coming, and once it did, Simone announced her intentions to secure a seat aboard one of the Mars Arcs, and travel to the Shadow Colony, with the intentions of stopping whatever was going on there. More than anything, she believed that she owed it to her late husband, and all those who fought against Drellic, to try to stop anything like that from happening again. 
Naturally, Simone knew she wasnt going to be able to accomplish anything on her own. Marco, who was 65 years old, and not in the best physical shape, was not an ideal recruit. But Simone knew that Dr. Feldman could quickly change that. 
Together, Marco and Simone arrived at Dr. Feldmans lab, in the late afternoon. They slowly drove up the snow covered pathway leading to his front gate, in an old, rusting unmarked green van. They stopped at the rickety wooden gate, bundled up in dark green military jackets that looked like they had come from an army thrift store. Simone confidently stared ahead from the drivers seat, while Gropovski sat beside her, in the front passengers seat, and seemed rather unconvinced of Feldmans credibility. 
Through the wooden gate and blowing snow, Simone could see Dr. Feldman walking up, to open the gate. He was a tall Caucasian with short blond hair, parted to his left. He wore old fashioned looking eyeglasses, with circular lenses and a long white lab coat, which appeared to be covered in tiny coffee stains. 
He pulled the gate back and tied it to a tree with rope, allowing Simone and Marco to drive inside his lot and park near the lab entrance. The building had a very ominous look about it. It was an old three story mansion, painted dark gray, with black steel bars over all the front windows. Water damage lined the sides of the house and the slightly angled, flat rooftop, looked as though it were about to cave in. All in all, it was hardly a convincing work facility. But the same could be said about most of the surrounding structures, still standing from more than ten years before. 
Simone and Marco got out of the van and approached the crumbling stone steps, leading up to the front door. Dr. Feldman was peering down at them, from the open door way. When he and Simone made eye contact, they exchanged a friendly smile, but once she and Marco reached the top of the steps and were standing toe to toe with the doctor, the mood instantly became much more serious. 
Feldman looked Simone in the eye and asked in a monotone voice, Are you absolutely sure about this? Of course I am, she quickly replied. I wouldnt have contacted you, if I wasnt. You know me better than that.
Feldman then turned his attention to Marco and asked him the same question. Marco just shrugged and replied, Im not getting any younger. If this is what I have to do to make a difference, then so be it. Feldman then nodded and said, Then, wed better get started.
He invited them into the house. Before stepping onto the spotless white carpet, they were instructed to remove their shoes and coats. Once they did, Feldman told them to enter the large, empty white room and turn left. After making the turn, Marco and Simone found themselves face to face with their own reflections, in a giant mirror that took up nearly the entire wall. 
Feldman then walked up behind them and said, Take a good long look, before we get started. Because those people you see standing in front of you, are now dead.


Chapter Fifteen

Shortly after leaving Core behind on the surface of Tyrran, Daelon had found himself in a shooting war with the mysterious alien ship. He noted that the ship had hovered over The Depths for a moment after his departure, and had fired a blast of bright green energy into the caverns below. Upon witnessing that event, he assumed that Core had been killed. There was a time when Daelon thought that overseeing Cores demise, would be a moment of triumph for him. But when the time finally arrived, he found that his better nature was still close to his heart, and that he took no pleasure in watching his life-long acquaintance die. 
It wasnt long after the aliens assault on the caverns that Daelon realized they were setting their sights onto him and his precious cargo. Now with the 36 sole survivors of humanity in tow, aside from himself, and the Talin, nestled safely in a nook beneath his control panels, Daelon had quickly mastered the ships weapon systems. He found that the piping hot streams of bright green energy, being shot like spears, into his decaying energy shields, were great motivators in his learning process. 
Daelons cargo ship had been retrofitted with two turrets. There was one turret positioned above the bow and one above the stern. Each turret could fire a spread of multiple blue energy blasts that fanned out, in the shape of a boomerang, and could remain lethally charged for thousands of miles, before dissipating. However, each round fired, drained a considerable amount of power, and Daelon was forced to reroute power from his shields to compensate. 
Since the alien ships energy weapons were much more powerful than his, taking more power from the shields wasnt an option. Daelon had launched one final spread from his front turret, in order to block an energy spike from the unknown ship. Afterwards, he had no choice but to run. He was outgunned and quickly losing weapon power. With the alien ship standing between his cargo and Tyrran, Daelon quickly made a 180 degree turn and made a dash for Siren. 
Daelon was headed for the one place with debris large enough to conceal his ship. He quickly passed over the ruins of Siren City, banking left and right through the demolished skyscrapers, forcing the larger, more awkwardly shaped alien ship to fly overhead. Daelon then strategically used the cover of the fallen city to his advantage, then made another long engine burn, propelling him faster, towards his true destination. 
During the most violent earthquake in Sirens history, a rocky region of the planet called, Halathos, meaning, Wrath of Nature, was formed, in what was once a one thousand mile long plain of granite. The land crushing tremors caused large chunks of granite to stand upright and rest against each other, forming a seemingly endless row of X shaped structures, over the continent. Since Siren had essentially become a giant asteroid, and the Halathos Region was at that moment on the night side of the planet, it was a perfect place for cover. 
The alien ship had been slowed by Daelons skillful piloting through Siren City, and Daelon used his lead on his attackers to his advantage. He found a nice quiet spot beneath the largest of the deformed rock masses and terminated all of his electronics, aside from his artificial gravity, reserve lighting and life support. He then sat patiently in the captains chair for several seconds, until he finally heard the rumbling of the enemy ship. He looked up through his canopy and passed the giant boulder overhead, to see the ship pass by, while shining bright green, laser guided searchlights on the surrounding terrain. Once the ship had overshot Daelon by several miles, and didnt appear to be turning around, Daelon grabbed the Talin from its nook and walked to the back of the ship.
He was still wearing his pressure suit from his last encounter with Core, as he proceeded into the airlock, sealed and de-pressurized it. As the outer door opened, and he hopped down to the surface, Daelon felt a surge of pride and accomplishment course through him. 
Just before The Architects destroyed his planet, he had only one goal in mind, when he left the Hall of Records for the last time. That goal was to secure his lifes work. As the High Archivist of Tyrran, he was charged with the task of consolidating every available video and audio recording in human history, onto a single hard drive, and to leave it in a place where mankind could one day be rediscovered. 
At that moment, he was being hunted by unknown forces of incredible power. He had no idea if he would ever make it to the world, Drellic had ordered him to travel to. He only knew that at that moment, he had found temporary peace. 
Daelon gazed up at the heavens and wondered about the fate the universe had in store for his sacred Talin. Then without another wasted moment, he placed the the Talin on the ground and pressed four of the word characters atop the device, in a particular sequence. Seconds later, the outer casing of the device, glowed yellow and seemed to melt through the ground, as if it were turning the solid rock beneath it into quicksand. 
Daelon became teary eyed, as he watched his creation sink further down into Sirens surface. Once it was out of sight, he kicked whatever dirt he could find lying around, into the hole the Talin left behind, and smoothed it over the top with his foot, once it was full. He then took one final look at the stars, before disappearing back inside the cargo ship.
Upon returning to the bridge and resuming the captains post, Daelon discovered a series of warning lights flickering on his radar screen, indicating that the alien ship was coming back for another sweep of the area. He remained calm and kept all of his unnecessary systems turned off, while waiting to be revisited by the hostile creatures. 
The Talin had been buried one hundred yards beneath Daelons feet. It wasnt discovered until roughly 15 billion years later, when Halathos had been reformed into a continent of ice that the modern humans of Earth, referred to as Antarctica. 
Seconds later, the rumbling of the alien ship had returned. Daelons heart rate elevated, as he was then alerted to a second and even more concerning issue. The ships emergency alert system was telling Daelon that movement had been detected in the storage room on the lower deck, where the 36 life pods were being stored. Daelon quickly removed his cumbersome helmet and suit, allowing him to run at full speed to the lower deck. 
Upon reaching the bottom of the staircase, leading to the life pod compartment, he found a creature he had never seen the likes of before, attempting to remove one of the pods from its locked position, against the wall of the chamber. Upon making eye contact with the creature, the room was instantly flooded with a bright green light that Daelon was becoming far too familiar with. The light blinded him, caused him to lose his balance and then knocked him unconscious.
He awoke hours later, on the floor of the storage compartment, with a throbbing headache. Upon getting to his feet, he made a ghastly discovery. The 36 life pods, surrounding him in the chamber, were all empty. 


Chapter Sixteen

After essentially saying goodbye to themselves, Marco and Simone were lying unconscious on Dr. Feldmans uninviting metal rolling tables, in his basement laboratory. They had both given the doctor a few preferences regarding their new appearances, but most of their physical modifications were at the mercy of Feldmans convenience. 
Both Marco and Simone had been fitted with gas masks, which pumped a powerful sleep inducer into their lungs, knocking them out in seconds. It was then up to a combination of steel cutting tools, intricate, laser surgical devices and various hair dyes, to decide their fate.
Just before the operation began, Simone had contacted her unit in Anchorage and told them to finalize their interview with Winston Severovs Panel of Deciders. In just one weeks time, Simone and Marco would once again be face to face with their arch nemesis, and Dr. Feldmans work would be the only thing that could spare them from a brutal execution. 
At one point during the procedure, Feldman found himself standing in a pool of blood that had accumulated, as a result of abrupt and excessive skin removal from various body parts. He had made it very clear to his patients that the facial reconstruction would be the most difficult and time consuming part of the procedure, but that it was also his specialty. He had said these words to them, as they were both on the verge of passing out, and Simone couldnt help but catch a psychotic vibe, from both the sly smile and wink that accompanied his words. 
The manner in which she had spent her final conscious moments, before the surgery, forced her into a violent dream state, giving her the most vivid nightmare of her life. In her mind, she awoke alone and naked in a forest, in the middle of the night. After being violently clubbed in the back of the head with a blunt object, she then found herself being brutally raped by both Severov and Feldman. She became smothered by their naked, muscular bodies, as her face was pushed into the dirt by Feldman, while Winston penetrated her from behind. 
Feldman then violently flipped her over onto her back and grabbed her by her thighs, pulling himself inside her. Severov stood off to the side and mocked her feeble attempts to escape. Once Feldman had finished, Severov raised a knife over her head and plunged it down into her neck. She awoke at that moment, in a cold sweat, to Feldmans warm smile. 
All done, he said. I told you, you wouldnt feel a thing. Although he was referring to the surgery, Simones dream was still at the forefront of her mind and she felt her stomach turn. Her face was wrapped in several layers of white bandages. She had a difficult time turning her head to the right, to see Marco still lying on the table next to her. His face was also wrapped in bandages and like Simone, only his eyes were visible. 
The coffee stains on Feldmans lab coat had been blotted out by dark, red blood stains from the procedure. As he stepped to the side, Simone caught a glimpse of the glowing, red digital clock on the wall, which gave the day and time. Nearly twenty four hours had passed, since their arrival at the lab. As Simone collected her thoughts she began to utter the words, What happens now? 
But Feldman abruptly raised his hand to silence her and said, Dont try to speak. Your face needs time to heal. Im going to bring you something to eat now. Youll have to sip a nutrient shake of my invention, through a straw. Its not the best tasting stuff, but itll keep you nourished and coherent. 
He then walked upstairs to acquire the beverages. Simone was nervous to the point of passing out again, but the thought of being unconscious in the lab, frightened her enough to keep her awake. She had known Feldman for many years, but something about the way he was conducting himself, was still making her feel uneasy. She knew that he had always had a great deal of pride in his work, but had never seen him perform his typical duties as a Darkside Re-Constructer, in person. 
She felt that he had a certain lust for body modification, blood and skin that no normal person should even be able to fathom. To her left, she noticed some wall shelving, holding nothing but jars of rotting flesh. Several glass jars of blood and newer, less discolored flesh were sitting on a metal bench at the end of her table. They were obviously filled with the leftovers from her procedure and would soon to be added to his twisted collection.
Her uneasy feelings, were quickly becoming feelings of justifiable panic. She couldnt help but wonder what else was in store for her and Marco, upon the doctors return. Marco was still unconscious on the table beside her. Simone fought her way through the horrible pain in her neck, to turn her head completely to the right. She then noticed that Marco had been restrained to his table, by thick brown leather straps that looked like they had come from an old fashioned straight jacket. 
Her neck cracked, as she struggled to move her arms and legs, while moving her head back to look straight up. She then yelped in pain, as she picked her head up and looked down at her body. She was draped from the neck down in a white sheet, as was Marco, and was also tied down in the same fashion. 
Simone was furious with herself, for not noticing Feldmans peculiar collection of human remains before the operation, and then felt an odd sensation in her chest, as her heart beat quickened, with her increasing level of stress. From beneath the clinging sheet and uncomfortable restraints, Simone could feel that her breasts had greatly decreased in size. Her stomach turned, as she continued to gain more feeling throughout her body. 
Not only had her breasts been reduced to half their original size, she could feel the lowest of the straps, which had been placed over her stomach, stretching out the skin nearest her hips, with ease. It was as if her normal, tight athletic figure had been deflated, causing the fatty remains to sag at her sides.
What the hell has he done to me? she asked herself, while wondering the same thing about Marco. 
Winston Severov had said that he was only accepting those in peak physical condition, for the Mars missions. Feldman had assured her that his methods would make her and Marco ideal candidates. But at that moment, it didnt seem as though things had happened that way. 
As her growing distrust for Feldman began to take its toll, Simone could hear him making his way to the top of the basement stairs. She heard him whistling a happy melody, as he glided down the stair case and appeared before her, holding two tall glasses of a brown liquid, each also containing a straw. 
He approached Simone and placed one of the glasses on a small rolling cart, between the two tables. He then glanced over at Marco, smiled and said, Still sleeping like a baby. Im not surprised. Had to give him a much bigger dose of the sedative. 
Why? Simone whispered, from beneath her mask of bandages. 
Something about his metabolism, Feldman replied. He didnt go under as quickly as you did. I didnt want him waking up in the middle of the procedure. Thats all. He smiled and lowered the glass to Simones face and tilted the straw towards the mouth hole in her face mask. Take a sip, he said. Youll feel a lot better once you get your strength back up. 
Can you remove these straps first? she asked. Theyre very uncomfortable. Why did you even put them on us? 
Feldman hesitated and said, Your nerves were causing involuntary spasms, while you were out. I didnt want to be responsible for any deformities on either of you. 
Well, the operation is over now, said Simone. Can you please take them off us, now? 
Feldman paused for a moment and appeared frustrated. He then gave an awkward look around the room and replied, Of course. But if I do, do you promise to drink your nutrients? The procedure wont be complete, if you dont. And Id hate for you to go through all this, just to be denied your interview with Severov. 
Simone hesitated and nodded her head up and down. Feldman placed Simones drink on the rolling cart and carefully removed her restraints. But before he could reach for Simones glass, Simone motioned for Feldman to remove Gropovskis straps as well, as a sign of good faith. 
Once Marcos straps were removed, Feldman helped Simone sit up and placed the straw in her glass, to her lips. By this point, Simone was in no condition to refuse the doctor. The simple act of sitting up, completely drained her of all of her energy, as well as almost all the feeling throughout her body. Knowing that she had no way of contacting anyone for help, as she had left the team behind, out of her trust for Feldman, she slowly choked down the strange, foul tasting liquid that he had concocted. 
To her surprise, she instantly felt better. She could feel incredible strength coursing through her muscles and she was finding it much easier to breathe as well. Despite its bitter metallic taste, the more she drank, the more alive she felt.
After another hour or so had passed, Gropovski was finally awake and had been given the same liquid for nourishment. Marcos reaction was exactly the same as Simones, as his vital signs instantly began to improve, eventually making him healthier than he had been before the procedure. Simone had even noticed that several minutes after she had finished her beverage, the saggy feeling in her chest and stomach had been replaced by the athletic, fit figure, she was used to. 
Her breasts had remained half their original size, but that was the least of her concerns. All in all, she started to feel more confident about the situation. In her eyes, the Drellic War, and the months of solitude that followed, might have turned Feldman into a freak of sorts. But if Feldman was planning to do them harm, he was doing a very poor job. 
Both Marco and Simone were feeling better than they had in years and were finally back on their feet. They were draped in light blue hospital gowns, while still wearing the thick layers of white bandages around their heads. Feldman led them both to a large mirror, in a bright and empty windowless room, next to his laboratory. It was finally time for Marco and Simone to look upon their new faces.

Chapter Seventeen

Daelon was completely alone on the cargo ship and in tears. In his mind, he had failed his brother. Thinking back to before his blackout, he found that he couldnt remember the face of the creature that had stolen his 36 passengers. He slowly climbed the stairs to the upper deck, all the while fearful that he hadnt seen the last of the monster that had somehow gotten on board his vessel. 
Not knowing how much time had passed, he made his way back to the bridge, in the hopes of getting some answers from the ships artificially intelligent computer system. However, upon reaching the captains chair, he discovered a terrible truth, which eradicated his hopes of somehow completing his mission. 
Daelon noticed a series of flashing bright lights, overhead. He looked up through his canopy, to see that the cargo ship was no longer on Siren. It was inside some kind of a landing bay; presumably belonging to the alien ship, he had recently encountered. His first thought was to wonder why he had been left behind on the ship, while everyone else had been taken. But before he could finish his thought, a brilliant flash of green light flooded the bridge. The source of the light was directly behind the captains chair. As the light then began to dim, Daelon wasted no time and quickly spun around in his chair, to investigate. To his dismay, he found himself confronted with the tall gangly creature, he had met earlier on the lower deck. 
The alien had many features similar to a human, but when closely examined, it resembled anything but. It was nearly ten feet tall, a full foot taller than Core, and stood upon two awkwardly shaped, scrawny legs that remained bent forward at the knees. Its feet were webbed and resembled large, scale covered fish fins. 
The atmosphere in the ship was clearly suitable for the creature, due to its lack of any protective apparel. Its skin had a dull grayish tone to it. Its feet, hands and head were all that were visible beneath its gray armored suit, just slightly darker than its skin, but nearly camouflaged by its similarity to it. It was difficult for Daelon to tell where its suit ended at the wrist, and where the organic flesh on its boney hands began. 
The alien had two arms that looked as though theyd have a terrifyingly long reach. They were thin, but appeared muscular, despite their armored covering. With his eyes, Daelon followed its spider leg-like arms, down to its boney four fingered hands. Each had an opposable thumb, but only three long boney fingers. But Daelon was most frightened by the creatures haunting black eyes, which peered down at him in the form of a wide slit, on either side of its flat, slate looking nose. The eye slits were slightly rounded, but nearly rectangular in shape. Its nose was covered in several tiny nostrils, as black as its eyes, which made a faint wheezing sound, whenever the creature inhaled. 
Daelon and his visitor stared at each other for a moment, before the aliens signature green light returned; blinding Daelon. A few seconds later, the creature was gone. Daelon was once again alone on the ship, bewildered and confused by what he had just seen. He couldnt help but wonder, if the aliens were just toying with him. Their presence alone was enough to send his imagination running wild. 
After a 100 year war with the Architects, the presence of an all new alien race, was astonishing. However, Daelon was convinced that their arrival, moments after the destruction of Siren and Tyrran, could not have been a coincidence. As he pondered their possible connection to the Architects, he squinted through the overhead canopy, while trying to spot the visual details about his new surroundings. Disappointingly, he saw nothing but a larger metal dome, looming over his transparent canopy dome, displaying rows of flashing lights, which were very irritating to him and were also causing his instruments to malfunction. 
Daelon assumed that he would not be able to exit his ship, but took a slow walk to the airlock, to humor himself. He made it as far as the outer door, when he realized that the ships computer systems had been compromised by the aliens. The auto-lock sequence had been engaged, preventing him from escaping into the alien ships landing bay. 
He used a flat console on the wall, to attempt disabling it, and upon doing so, was startled by a loud buzzing sound, coming from the top corners of the airlock. He looked up, to see that long gray tubes, resembling gun barrels, had been strategically positioned in the four top corners of the room. As soon as he made eye contact with them, he instantly found himself dodging repeated green laser blasts. It seemed that the aliens had retrofitted a defense grid inside Daelons own ship, turning his own systems against him.
As he darted from one side of the chamber to the other, he found that the four barrels had full articulation and were following him in unison, in each direction he fled. He then pressed himself against the inner door and pressed down on the handle. The inner door opened instantly and he was back inside the Gate Chamber, at the rear of the ship. Once he had left the airlock, the barrels had ceased fire.
After catching his breath, he returned to the bridge and turned his attention back to the canopy. He then found himself mindlessly screaming, What do you want from me?! into the transparent shell, over his head. Suddenly, the left touch screen in front of the captains chair, began flickering. The image had changed from his internal life support readings, to an image of Core, strapped to a table, presumably somewhere on board the alien ship. 
Daelons first instinct was to laugh at the thought that the aliens had somehow misinterpreted his relationship with Core, and assumed he would be overly upset at his capture. But Daelons mood soured, as he watched the same creature that had just appeared on his ship minutes earlier, enter the room Core was being held in. A second creature was already inside the room and standing at Cores feet. He looked on, as the two aliens began poking and prodding Cores neck, arms and legs with long hooked needles. 
After making a series of puncture wounds all over his body, the aliens began plugging the wounds with long, transparent snake-like tubes, resembling intravenous drips. The tubes were attached to automated, black cylindrical drones that surrounded Cores table and appeared to be draining and storing his blood. Core screamed in pain, as the drones continued their work, with the aliens intently looking on. 
Given Daelons sympathetic nature, he couldnt help but be disheartened by Cores torturous experience. He was dying and there was nothing Daelon could do to help him. At first, he didnt even want to help him, but as he observed the light in Cores eyes slowly dimming, he could only be reminded once again that human life was by that time, more precious than ever. Daelon still had no idea as to the location of his 36 passengers, but he had a devastating suspicion that they had been rudely awakened from their states of suspended animation, and were currently experiencing the same hellacious treatment, as Core. 
Meanwhile in an aft compartment of the alien vessel, Core was taking his last breaths. His final sight was of the two mysterious aliens, who seemed to be staring lifelessly into his soul, as it was slowly being sucked from his flesh. His final thoughts were of the last moments he had spent with Drellic. At the time, he was driven mad by the war and was convinced of his own moral superiority. But as his life was about to end, he could only come to the realization that what he had done to Drellic, was the biggest mistake of his life and also his greatest regret. 
As Cores mind wandered, he imagined Drellic sitting in the rear compartment of his ship, just after he had left Siren with a crew of six, excluding himself. Drellic was covered in a filthy brown cloak, as he had been snuck onto the vessel, during an enemy attack. 
Core was piloting the ship and had just announced that they had cleared Sirens outer atmosphere and were on route to Tyrran. They had initially planned to use the gateway at Sirens Delendra Tower, to instantaneously travel to the other world, but by that time, the tower had already been destroyed. Core knew that Drellic was keeping secrets from him. Just before takeoff, Core had insisted that Drellic inform him of his plan. But all Drellic would ever say in response was, Its no concern of yours. We just need to find my brother and then report to The Depths. That is all you need to know. 
Core had begged Drellic to order his brother to relinquish the Talin, in the hopes of weaponizing it sooner, but Drellic always defended his brother at great length and told Core that he respected the path that Daelon had chosen to follow. 
By the time the ship was half way to Tyrran, and Siren was burning behind them, Core had already implemented a mutiny against Drellic. The five other soldiers sitting beside Drellic, were confidants of Core, who swore allegiance to him and had agreed to aid in Drellics assassination. But when it came time for the plan to come to fruition, Cores men had all gone back on their word. He recalled hearing statements like, For all his crimes, hes still our leader. Hes only ever done what he thought was right, for the sake of our survival. It was all for Siren. 
Upon the impact of his mens betrayal, Core pretended to agree with them, then tricked them into joining Drellic in the ships rear compartment. Once they were all out of the front compartment, he sealed off the rear compartment and depressurized it. He then remotely opened the ships side hatch and flushed his six passengers out into space. 
It was then that he saw something he did not expect. He watched, as Drellic spun violently towards the hull of an Architect Planet Farmer. As Drellics body flew across the gap between the two ships, his body glowed bright yellow, like a miniature shooting star. He then watched Drellics body crash lifelessly into the slimy, black organic tissue that made up the outer hull of the Planet Farmer, and be sucked into the hull of the ship, like liquid seeping into a drain. His body then vanished without a trace.
At that moment, Core was impacted by the magnitude of what he had done. He then realized that he had to ensure that it was not done in vain. He set his sights on Tyrran and prepared to touch down near the entrance to The Depths, where he would wait for Daelon to arrive. 
Core then felt his memories of those events slipping away from him. His gaze returned to the eyes of his alien captors. A moment later, he died on the table, leaving the aliens with the task of removing the feeding tubes from his flesh and disposing of his body. 
Cores last memory was of Drellics final words to him. Just before they boarded their ship, bound for Tyrran, Core had asked Drellic why he never seemed to fully trust him, as he trusted Daelon, even though he had spent far more time with him than his coward brother, and had fought alongside him for years. Drellic replied, You have always been a great warrior. But you have never been a great man. I can only hope that you will be someday, if we survive this.


Chapter Eighteen

Dr. Feldman carefully removed the layers of bandages from Simone and Marcos heads, revealing their new identities. Simone was shocked to see a brunette in her early 20s, staring back at her. She had hazel colored eyes, fairer, cream colored skin and dark, shoulder length hair. Marco also appeared younger and more muscular. The wrinkles that once covered his face and hands were gone. He had smooth, olive colored skin, light blue eyes and short dark hair. His withering biceps had also returned to their previous state, of his late 20s. He looked and felt as though he could bench press a bus, as he slowly lifted up his hospital gown to reveal a well-defined abdomen. 
Marco smiled with approval and softly chuckled to himself. However, Simone didnt seem as pleased. Marco turned to her and noticed her somber expression. Whats the problem? Marco asked her. You got what you wanted, and youre still beautiful. 
Simone shrugged and said, Its just going to take me awhile to say goodbye. You mean, you dont miss the old you at all? 
Marco laughed and replied, No. Not in the slightest. He was a broken, ugly old man, filled with regret. 
But were still the same age. We didnt actually get younger, Simone said. Its no new lease on life. Actually, thats where youre wrong, Feldman interrupted. The concoction I had you both drink, was an elixir of Drellics design. It was how he kept his soldiers in top shape. Your aging process was slightly reversed. Provided you dont fall prey to injury or illness, youve both gained about twenty years onto your natural lives. 
Marco scoffed and replied, As if well live to see it. 
This was never about our survival, Simone snapped. Marco sighed and displayed a look of uncertainty. To which Simone said, Its a little late for cold feet, Marco. You told me you were fully committed to this.
I am committed, he assured her. Ill be with you until the end. You have my word.
Feldman led them both into another room, which contained nothing but a queen sized bed, covered in an off-white quilt and piles of neatly folded clothing. These are a few of the things I had picked out for you both, Feldman said. He then exited the room, as Simone and Marco began sifting through the various garments laid before them, then returned with two black folders. He handed one to Simone and one to Marco then said, These are your new identities. Youll find your new ID cards in there, along with other legal documentation, to coincide with your background stories. 
Aside from having consumed a strange chemical that Drellic had been responsible for, Simone was overjoyed that her suspicions about Feldman were proving to be unwarranted. She knew that Marco was terrified of the challenges to come. The truth was that Simone was just as afraid as he was, but she dared not show it. She was incredibly grateful to Marco, for his decision to see their mission through to the end; knowing that they would most likely end up martyring themselves for it. 
To top things off, Feldman had proven himself to be a patriot and was making contributions that would make Simones objective possible to reach. After going over their respective paperwork and learning their new names and backgrounds, Feldman suggested that Simone and Marco spend the night for observation, before heading back to their base of operations. They resisted at first, but were taken by surprise, by a sudden case of intense nausea that seemed to overwhelm them both, simultaneously. Afterwards, it didnt take much convincing on Feldmans part, to get them to spend another night. 
Simone and Marco decided to share the bed that Feldman had used to present their clothing options to them. They had both remained in their hospital gowns for their stay, and were assured by Feldman that their conditions would improve by morning, but to stay in their room, to avoid exerting themselves. They agreed and left Feldman to finish his clean-up of his lab. 

During the night, Simone was dying of thirst. She was also becoming quite irritated with Marcos loud and persistent snoring. The only light in the room was coming from the slightly cracked open door, leading to Feldmans lab. After a few more minutes of suffering with Marcos snoring, a dry mouth and throat, Simone decided she had had enough and slowly got to her feet. 
She stumbled a bit at first, then righted herself. She turned back towards the bed, to see that Marco was still fast asleep. Simones vision was a bit blurry and her legs felt wobbly, but she forced herself out of the room and into the dimly lit laboratory, which had been very well cleaned. She also noticed that the samples of skin and blood from her operation, had been added to Feldmans shelved collection, as she had suspected they would be. Despite her disgust, she ignored the foul sight and continued on her way up the stairs, into Feldmans kitchen. 
She found a series of wooden cabinets over the sink and went through them all, until she found a clean glass. She then filled it with tap water and drank the glass dry, in a single gulp. Simone filled the glass again and was about to head back downstairs, when she heard a faint moaning sound from down the hallway, off the kitchen. For an instant, it sounded like Feldman was being attacked. Startled, she placed the glass on the kitchen counter and crept quietly through the hallway, until she came to an open doorway, leading to a room, illuminated by the flickering light of a television screen. 
She assumed that the noise she heard had come from Feldmans TV, but her curiosity got the better of her and she peeked inside to see what he was watching. Simone then made a horrifying discovery. Feldman was sitting at the end of his bed, vigorously masturbating, while watching a recording of himself, raping both Simone and Marco, while they had been sedated in his laboratory. 
She watched in horror, as Feldman violently stroked his penis, while loudly moaning at the sight of himself, flipping Simone and Marcos naked bodies onto their stomachs. Their heads were still completely covered in white bandages at the time, as Feldman climbed onto both of their backsides and rubbed lubricant in between their buttocks, while wearing latex gloves. 
She continued to watch silently, as Feldman had a vocally loud orgasm, as he watched himself switching back and forth between the two operating tables, violently penetrating his victims anuses with his penis, after removing all of his own clothing. 
Simone then thought back to the nightmare she had, while unconscious in the operating room. She remembered thinking that it was the most vivid dream of her life, and had just come to the realization that it hadnt entirely been a dream. 
Minutes later, Marco was abruptly awakened by a loud scream, followed by a series of loud crashing noises. It took him a moment to collect himself and catch his balance, but once he was able to focus and control his body, Marco darted up the stairs into the kitchen. He looked into the hallway, where he saw that Feldmans flat screen TV had been thrown against the wall and cracked down the middle of the screen. 
Marco quickly turned the corner and entered Feldmans bed room, to find Simone kneeling over the doctors body, beside his bed. Feldmans throat had been slit and he was lying in a pool of his own blood. Simone was in a state of shock and stared into Marcos eyes with a completely emotionless expression. She was tightly gripping a piece of broken glass from Feldmans mirror, which she had used to slit his throat. 
What the fuck have you done?! Marco screamed at Simone. He fucking raped us in our sleep, Simone whispered. He fucking raped both of us.


Chapter Nineteen

Aboard the captured cargo ship, Daelon had just witnessed Cores murder and was becoming an emotional wreck. His fear for his own life was minuscule, compared to his fear for the 36 passengers that were his charge. Getting off his ship and finding out all he could about his captors, had become his top priorities. In an angry rage, he contemplated using a laser pistol to blast his way through the canopy, but knew that such a disturbance would alert the enemy. He also noticed after studying the canopy that the aliens had also retrofitted the bridge ceiling with more of the strange gun barrels, he had encountered in the airlock. It seemed as though they had planned to open fire on Daelon, if he attempted using the canopy to escape, and that all possible escape routes were most likely equipped with the same enemy defense grid. 
Daelon was hopelessly confused by the aliens tactics. They had teleportation technology, enabling them to come and go from the cargo ship as they pleased. They had the means to instantaneously capture a man and transport him to a confined state, then drain him dry of his blood, only to be thrown into some kind of disposal unit, like trash. 
To Daelon, keeping him alive seemed counterproductive for his kidnappers. He found himself mindlessly pacing back and forth across the catwalk. Upon entering the Gate Chamber, he found that its self-sustaining power source had been entirely depleted, because of the lack of connection to another wormhole; the tiny tear in space, most likely still spinning wildly over the ruins of Faul City. 
He then returned to the lower deck and began studying the 36 empty life pods, still attached to the concrete walls of the storage chamber. Surprisingly enough, he was able to turn on the bright overhead lights in the compartment. He scanned the empty pods and the wall space around them, not entirely certain of what he was looking for. It was then that he found human blood smeared in a lower corner of the room, beside one of the pods. As he crept closer, he realized that someone had smeared the words, Launch tubes, onto the wall, with their own blood. 
The pod closest to the smeared message, belonged to a well-respected engineer named Seer Varn; also one of Drellics most trusted scientific advisors. Daelon assumed that he was familiar with the design of the cargo ship and possibly aided in its construction. Further assuming that Seer had left the message, his reference to the ships launch tubes was only a mystery to Daelon, for a short while. By accessing the ships ventilation shaft and using it to make his way inside the ships gun turrets, he realized that the weapons launch tubes could serve as a discrete means for his escape onto the alien vessel. 
Daelon then wondered about the presence of surveillance cameras on board. If his own ship had been fit with an automated defense grid to keep him inside, it seemed logical to assume that he was also being watched at all times. He also knew that the enemy could teleport to his exact location, at a moments notice. Furthermore, he realized that the aliens could most likely take control of his weapons systems and disintegrate his body, with a single shot from his own turrets, if he were discovered crawling inside one of them. 
After spending a few more minutes weighing his options, Daelon developed a solid theory about his circumstances. He began to suspect that he was part of some kind of behavioral experiment. Since the aliens had captured and killed Core without hesitation, Daelon deduced that his captors had a different fate planned for him; one that he mightve been able to use to his advantage. In the end, he decided to continue waiting out the situation. It wasnt long after he came to that conclusion, that he returned to the bridge, to see six of the mysterious creatures standing atop the canopy, staring down at him. 
His heart beat rapidly, as he listened to the sound of their heavy gray boots, pounding against the canopy, while they paced over his head. It seemed to Daelon that he was just being mocked at that point. He was beginning to feel insulted. His anger got the better of him and he pulled the top portion of the captains chair, from its mounted base. He then glanced up at one of the creatures, who gave a slight head tilt, as if to ponder Daelons next move. Daelon then threw the top of the chair with all his might, up into the canopy. Daelon moved to his right, allowing the chair to crash back down to the floor. He then turned his attention back to the creatures overhead. What are you looking at?! he screamed.
The aliens did not appear startled by the chair. It was as if they knew exactly what he was going to do and when he was going to do it. Daelon also assumed that they were just emotionless creatures, who wouldnt give much of a reaction to anything any way. He violently kicked at the base of his control console and walked heavily down the catwalk, towards the aft portion of the ship. Upon re-entering the Gate Chamber, he was cut off by another brilliant flash of green light. One of the creatures appeared before him and put its hand on Daelons shoulder. An instant later, they were both consumed by another flash of light.
When the light faded, Daelon found himself in new surroundings with the alien. The creature had come to transport him to a chamber aboard the enemy ship. Daelon tried to back away, but the alien forcefully grabbed his shoulder again. It was then that Daelons mind became immersed in a stream of thoughts and feelings from the alien. Using a form of telepathy, Daelons companion was sending him a series of its memories and its feelings about them. He immediately got the sense that this particular alien was not like the others in its company. In fact, it seemed as though the creature was planning to help him escape.
Daelons mind was then fed images of a field, containing thousands of oval shaped cocoons that glowed purple and were being deposited onto the ground, by long black tentacle-like extremities. Once the tentacles retracted themselves, the cocoons began to open simultaneously, revealing their contents. Each cocoon held a single alien, identical to the creatures that had taken Daelon prisoner. Essentially, Daelon was witnessing the birth of their species. 
The memories being flooded into Daelons mind, were fixated on one cocoon in particular. It didnt take him long to realize that the newborn, adult-sized creature, crawling out from its slimy purple womb, was the same creature he was currently in the company of. Evidently, these creatures were being born fully mature and with basic knowledge of their surroundings, including ideas for future spacefaring endeavors and conquest. They were bred to be conquerors of the stars. But, bred by whom? Daelon wondered. 
He was seeing the field of newborn creatures through the eyes of his companion, and saw the truth behind their conception. The extremities that had initially deposited the cocoons onto the ground, were attached to a massive Architect Planet Farmer, hovering overhead. Daelon knew by that time, that these aliens had been genetically engineered by the Architects, just as his ancestors had been, on Siren and Tyrran. 
The stream of memories then fast forwarded to a few years later in the aliens history. The entire population of their race lived in a single city on their home world. By that time, they were only numbering in the hundreds. They hadnt yet begun reproducing on their own and were being trained by those more endowed, with a sense of superiority and purpose, to fight and build energy weapons. A fleet of smaller Architect scout ships, hovered overhead in the distance, as if to oversee their creations progress without interfering any further. 
The city was a seemingly random arrangement of square shaped dwellings, energy weapon factories and shipyards, where ships resembling Daelons current place of residence, were being constructed. Daelon was informed by his companion, who was still tightly gripping his shoulder that the technology used in the creation of their ships and weapons, was a product of suggestions made by the Architects, based on what minerals and fuel sources were naturally available on his companions home world. Once the Architects saw that the creatures were on the desired track, they faded into the background, allowing them to pursue a goal of domination over nearby worlds, which were inhabited by naturally evolved life forms. 
The Architects had bred these creatures to enslave and consume, as a testament to their own wisdom and power. But there was an abrupt halt to their momentum. Up until that time, the aliens had relied on the Architects for nourishment and were given weekly rations of life sustaining chemicals. It was necessary, since the Architects were only a few years into the project, and hadnt deposited any plant or animal life on the planet, for the indigenous sentient life to feed off of.  There was no ecosystem in place. But one day, the Architects mysteriously vanished, leaving the aliens to have to fend for themselves. 
Fearing that their race was on the verge of extinction, the greater minds on the planet gathered their entire species onto the single battleship that was flight ready. Of all the ships under construction, only one had been completed, and it just so happened to be the ship that Daelon was currently being detained on. 
They headed out for the stars, in search of the parents that had abandoned them. Eventually, they learned of their location. The Architects had abandoned these aliens, in order to aid their armada in the war on humanity, on Siren and Tyrran. From a certain point of view, Drellics uprising was responsible for Daelons companions race, being left incomplete on a desolate rock. 
The alien then released Daelons shoulder. Daelon was left taking panicky breaths and with tears streaming down his face, after sharing the aliens emotional response to its being abandoned. Daelon was given the impression that this particular alien had been endowed with a higher capacity for independent thought. It never felt right about being born into a society, destined to go to war with its neighbors, and was disgusted by the true origins of its people; feeling that the very existence of its race, was a tragic mistake. 
It then communicated its intentions to help Daelon escape. But before he could leave, Daelon was still faced with his obligation to locate and attempt rescuing the 36 human survivors, whom Drellic had entrusted to him. The alien agreed to lead Daelon to their last known location aboard the ship, knowing that the other aliens were already aware of Daelons escape from his cargo ship, and were searching for him.  

Chapter Twenty

Marco found himself vomiting over Feldmans body, as he watched the DVD recording, of what had been done to him and Simone, while they were unconscious. Simone was sitting quietly at the kitchen table, reading Feldmans journal. The terrible truth about the doctor, was buried within its coffee stained pages. Out for fear for his own survival, Feldman had agreed to work for Drellic and perform gruesome experiments, regarding human anatomy. 
When Drellic had first arrived on Earth, he found modern humans to be inferior to his own people and was disgusted by their appearance. Ancient humans were naturally taller and more muscular than modern ones. Their incredibly fast metabolisms, prevented them from ever becoming obese, or even the slightest bit overweight. There had never been any mentally disabled people on Siren or Tyrran, either. Drellics lack of patience for modern mans shortcomings, drove him to seek ways to improve upon modern man, by stimulating brain activity, increasing strength, improving agility and eliminating the chemical activity, responsible for fat cells. 
To further his experiments, he brought in scientists like Feldman, who obviously had a much better understanding of the biology of modern man. The procedures Feldman was coerced into performing, caused irreversible deformities and brain asphyxiation. Hundreds of people died at Feldmans hands and by the time Drellic was defeated, the damage had already been done to Feldmans psyche. 
In his journal, he noted that there were demons inside of him that could never be removed. He wrote, I have to find a way to be in control. But the only way I can do that, is to appease my demons first. I hear their voices screaming in my head every second of every day, begging me to feed their bloodlust. Only after I nourish them, can I finally receive a few hours of peace, before it starts all over again. There is no one left alive who can help me. I am alone with these horrible urges. I just need to find a way to silence the voices that continue to punish me for the things I have done. 
Anchorage, Alaska only received 5-7 hours of daylight per day, during the winter. The sun had already been up for a few hours, and Simone and Marco needed to return to the base, and be on their way to Moscow. There was a long line forming in the Russian capital, for Severovs colonist interviews. If Simone and Marco had any chance of being allowed on board one of the ten super rockets, they needed to leave, immediately. 
Although she was just as devastated about what had been done to them as Marco was, she was still driven more than anything, by her desire for vengeance. She decided to build a shell of strength around herself; something she was very used to doing. She collected Marco from Feldmans bedroom, once his stomach had been completely voided of its contents, and comforted him, until he could breathe normally again and stand up straight. 
It took some convincing on her part, but she finally managed to convince Marco to put it out of his mind and proceed with the plan. They gathered the ID cards and information packets that Feldman had put together for them. Simone felt it mustve been Feldmans last remaining ounces of humanity and patriotism that inspired him to put together such an impressive cover story for them. 
After retrieving their winter coats, they decided that no trace of their presence there, could be left behind. Simone remembered having seen several red gas cans, sitting in Feldmans open garage, behind the house. Marco helped her carry the dozen or so cans inside the house, where they drenched kitchen, bedroom and laboratory with gasoline. Simone then noticed that Feldman had an old fashioned gas stove; so she found the pressure regulator and opened it, causing gas to leak into the kitchen for good measure. 
Marco found a lighter and a box of matches, in one of the kitchen cabinets and he and Simone set the place ablaze. They made sure to start the fire in the front doorway, giving them time to get a safe distance away before the entire house exploded. 
They then returned to the van. They were thankful to see that it was still in working order, allowing them to escape the twisted environment they had found themselves in. Evidently, Feldman had no plans of keeping them there and assumed his foul play would remain buried in the stack of DVDs, next to his bed. 
A few hours later, they were back at their base of operations, on the other side of Anchorage, planning the next phase of their mission. Severov had a profile on everyone in the camp, and Simone and Marco were the only ones willing to sacrifice their identities and attempt making the journey to Mars, on behalf of the colonists. They had acquired new finger prints, out of necessity, and needed to undergo a retina scan, before being allowed access to their own compound. Once inside the crude garage-like structure, Simone and Marco led a discussion with their group, concerning the details of the plan that they had been slowly piecing together, over the previous ten years. 
Most of the men Marco had brought with them to Anchorage, were the same men that had defected from Severovs revamped Darkside, with him. They all had bits and pieces of information concerning Severovs tactics, surrounding the Shadow Colony. Some accounts contradicted others, but there was one thing they all agreed on. Severov was planning to reveal his true nature to the world, shortly after the new colonists arrival on Mars. 
He was keeping all of the Drellic Tech he had acquired over the years, in the underground facility in Moscow, and would launch every ship he had, to secure a stranglehold over the entire world. It was rumored that Severov was waiting to do this, because of a bargain he had arranged with the leader of Shadow. This bargain supposedly guaranteed him the means to become the Earths sole dictator, which would only be given upon the arrival of the new batch of unsuspecting colonists. 
There were less than one billion humans, scattered across the globe at this time. And Severov was willing to sacrifice another 2,000 lives out of his selfish need for ultimate power, without a seconds thought. This was something Simone could not allow to come to pass. She had decided years prior that preventing Severov from essentially becoming the next Drellic, was her destiny. 
Dozens of people, including her husband, had been killed to protect the secrets on Mars. Marco and his men had become outcasts. With the colonist interviews just a few weeks away, Simone and Marco were coming to the breathtaking realization that they were finally about to begin their journey towards learning the truth about the Shadow Colony.
Three days later, an unmarked, commercial jumbo jet landed at Sheremetyevo International Airport, 18 miles north-west of Moscow. The jet had departed from Portland, Oregon the day before, and was the last of four flights that had come in that day, carrying potential colonists. After its recent reconstruction, the airport had been converted into a hub for the dealings of the Mars Mission. 
Simone and Marco de-boarded and entered the busy Sheremetyevo foyer, as Dr. Timothy Burrows and Dr. Tara Burrows, a married couple from Baltimore, Maryland. According to their cover stories, they had been married for ten years and met in college before earning their doctorates in Geological Sciences. After they had both developed a passion for the study of the forming of the earth, and having no children to leave behind, they jumped at the opportunity to set foot on another world, to explore all that it had to offer. 
As they made their way further into the foyer, they noticed a growing mass of people, huddled together in the center of the room. People were crowding around something or someone. The room then exploded with an uproar of cheers and bright camera flashes. They continued to creep closer to the edge of the crowd, not knowing who or what to expect. Suddenly, the crowd began to part ways, clearing a path for Winston Severov, who smiled at his guests and gave warm handshakes, as he was only a few feet away from Simone. She trembled at the sight of him, remembering all that he had done to her, but remembered that she and Marco keeping their collective composure, was the only thing that mattered. 
She took a deep breath and extended her hand, as Winston passed in front of her. He looked at her, stared into her eyes for a momen,t as if he recognized her, then smiled and said, Im Winston Severov. Its a pleasure to meet you. Their hands made contact and Winston wasted no time in tightening his grip around her fingers, nearly to the point of discomfort. Simone showed no fear, smiled back at him and said, Im Dr. Tara Burrows. This is my husband, Dr. Timothy Burrows. 
Winstons eyes widened. He released her hand and exclaimed, The geologists from Baltimore! Of course! Ive been anxious to meet you and get your perspective on what we intend to find out there!
Winston then turned his attention to Marco and gave him a firm handshake. How do you do, sir? he asked him. Marco nervously replied, Fine, sir. Thank you. Never better. Just anxious to get these interviews under way. Just like everyone else. 
Of course! Of course! Winston exclaimed. He then leaned in closer to them and whispered, But between you and I; Ive already made up my mind about you two. You are among the ideal candidates weve been searching for. As soon as I saw your files, I jumped out of my seat with anticipation! And now, here you are! 
Marco and Simone were left with few options for disguising their voices. Feldman had told them that he wasnt equipped to safely tamper with their vocal chords. They had both conditioned themselves over the past few years, to develop different pitches and accents. They couldnt tell if Winston was completely sold on them or not, but it appeared to be working for the time being. Simone feared that he was merely waiting for the room to clear out, before killing them both. But they continued the conversation, complete with false pleasantries and forced enthusiasm. 
Here, we are! Simone exclaimed, with a smile. Marco chuckled behind her, while waiting for Severov to make his next move. Winston grinned from ear to ear and replied, I have a feeling the three of us are going to have a lot of fun, these next few weeks. 

Chapter Twenty One

Fortunately for Daelon, his alien companion knew the most likely search routes his people would take to find them, and knew the best way to avoid them. After learning of the origins and motives of the creatures, Daelon learned that the one who was helping him was called, Yin. Yin was known by most, as the most sensitive of its people, and knew it would be the most likely suspect in aiding Daelons escape. Another flash of green light, brought them into a narrow metal corridor, barely wide enough for them to fit inside. Once they arrived, Yin handed Daelon a laser pistol, with a moderate charge on it. It was one of the many weapons that had been confiscated from his cargo ship, while he was unconscious. 
They shimmied several feet, while Yin explained via its thoughts that there was a protective shield around the chamber, where the humans were being held, preventing anyone from teleporting inside. Yin assured Daelon that they were just a few hundred yards from the chamber and were nearing the shield barrier. 
Daelon struggled to push himself forward, as his shoulders occasionally became wedged in between the two walls. After a few more feet, Daelon came to a break in the wall on his right side. He was expecting relief, but came to find that the wall to his right, was merely continued by an invisible force field, separating the pressurized corridor from the vacuum of space. He quickly pressed himself against the wall to his left and walked sideways, while fearfully staring out into the stars and the planet below. Yin assured him that the field was impenetrable and that there was nothing to fear, but Daelon was still shivering with anxiety. 
Every few steps, his nose would come into contact with the force field, giving him a quick jolt that momentarily numbed his face. Peering down at the lifeless rock below, he saw the ruins of the Emperors palace and the head of the giant stone statue of Tyrrans first Emperor, which had stood before it. It pleased him to know that the ship was once again in orbit around Tyrran, and that he hadnt been pulled away to an unknown distant world. He noticed green search lights being projected onto the planets surface, as the ship maintained a slow forward momentum. The aliens were obviously searching for more life pods to harvest, given the treasure of living bodies they had found in The Depths earlier. 
Daelon silently asked Yin about their intentions with the humans, and the drones that had sucked Core dry of every last drop of his blood. Yin told Daelon that its leaders only priority was survival. Since the Architects were out of reach, the last survivors of humanity were to be tested, to see if any of the contents of their bodies could be harvested and safely ingested. Yin opposed the idea, but remained silent, ensuring that it would be able to slip away to pursue its own path. 
Moments later, they reached the end of the narrow corridor and came to a much wider one. They waited several seconds and saw no one else in the vicinity. Directly across from where they stood, was a metal double door that Yin was able to open with a single thought. Yin also assured Daelon once again, that they were well inside the protective shield that prevented teleportation, and that if someone was going to come for them, they would see them coming. 
Yin also expressed the likeliness of its people, simply waiting for Daelon to find the other humans, rather than searching the entire ship for him. Daelon understood the risks, but knew no other way to ascertain the condition of his people. Without another moment wasted, they entered the green misty chamber on the other side of the parted double door. The doors automatically closed behind them, as soon as they entered. Yin had already informed Daelon that it sensed that none of its people were inside the room waiting for them. 
A foul rotting stench filled the air, as Daelon brushed away the thick green mist in front of his face. Finally, he came to a row of metal tables, identical to the one Core had been strapped to earlier. At that moment, Daelons worst fears had been realized. He stepped through the end of the thick green cloud of mist, to find a row of 36 dead bodies. He looked upon the pale, shriveled faces of the men and women he had been instructed to bring to safety; their eyes wide open and fearful expressions frozen beneath them. 
Each table was accompanied by a powered down drone, containing the blood of its respective victim. Daelon cried harder than he ever had before. He then looked back at Yin and said, Im sorry. But I cant let you take that. He then used the last of the charge in his pisto,l to blast a hole in the side of each drone. The blasts spilled the contents of each drone onto the floor, rendering the extracted blood and nutrients, useless to the aliens. A moment later, Yins thoughts violently entered his mind. Yin was telling him to run. Daelon heard violent stomping, coming from the other side of the double door. The doors parted ways seconds later, revealing over a dozen enemy soldiers. 
Yin and Daelon ran to the opposite end of the compartment, where Yin pointed out the entrance to a sealed off chamber that it knew its people would not enter. Yin informed Daelon that there was a strange biological material from Daelons captured cargo ship, sealed inside that was still undergoing study. As confused by that as he was, Daelon was out of options and asked Yin to open the chamber. The sliding single door, shot up into the door frame, then slammed back down to the floor, once they entered. Daelon and Yin could hear the sound of the enemy soldiers, gathering on the other side of the door, when all of a sudden, Daelons gaze was drawn to a familiar yellow glow, just ahead of him. 
Daelon stepped closer to it. He saw a stream of billions of glowing yellow molecules, slowly swirling above a circular metal pedestal. He asked Yin where it supposedly came from. Yin informed Daelon that its leader had detected a strange element in Daelons ships hull, and had used an electro-magnetic field to extract it, in order to examine it further. 
He didnt know how he would utilize it yet, but Daelon felt as though fate had finally given him the small reward he felt he deserved. As the sole survivor of humanity, this was Daelons chance to live long enough, to punish the creatures who had taken the last of his people from him. This swirling yellow light before him was Starblood. And Daelon was going to find a way to use it to make his brother proud. 
Without hesitation, he breached the energy field surrounding the Starblood with his head and attempted to breathe in the molecules. Yin stood back in fear, as the yellow light grew brighter and brighter, eventually consuming the room. The enemy soldiers on the other side of the door, saw the intense glow coming from inside the bio chamber and fell back to the opposite end of the row of human corpses. 
The glow eventually dimmed, then faded completely. The alien soldiers then began making their way back towards the bio chamber, when suddenly, the metal door panel before them was violently thrust in their direction, knocking half of them to the ground. When they got back to their feet, they were met by Daelon, who approached his enemy without fear. His eyes glowed yellow, as did his veins from beneath his skin. He stood proudly, still wearing the burnt ragged cloak, he had worn on his last day as Emperor of Tyrran. 
The aliens were wielding gray, thin tube-like laser rifles that fired short bursts of green energy at Daelon. Then one by one, they ran for the exit, after seeing that their most advanced hand weapons were having no effect on Daelons seemingly frail body. Daelons skin seemed to absorb the energy from the aliens weapons, making his skin more durable with every impact. Yin followed behind Daelon, and pointed out the sinister leader of its people.
The alien leader was the last enemy soldier still in the room, and had stumbled to the floor, while trying to escape. Daelon grabbed the leader by its throat and raised it over his head. It was something he had seen his brother do countless times during the Architect War. Daelon stared angrily into the leaders eyes and said, You shouldve killed me when you had the chance. I wont kill you. But I will make you suffer.
Daelon was then reminded of the beginning of the Architect War. Drellic was the first to discover Starblood in a secret chamber, aboard the Architect Flagship. Upon being the first human to ingest it, he used the gifts it bestowed upon him, to rip the ship apart from the inside, causing it to crash into Siren City. Daelon found himself in a remarkably similar situation. With vengeance foremost on his mind, he made the decision to pay homage to his brother, by repeating history. 
Yin had said that its race had never established a name for themselves. After realizing its own perspective on its people, Yin found itself referring to them simply as, The Incomplete from time to time. In Daelons eyes, it was the perfect name to be given to anyone guilty of crimes such as these. To Daelon, these were ruthless monsters that were incomplete, in that they lacked souls. He felt that a homicidal race with no conscience, or even a basic sense of morality, had no place in the universe. 
Daelon had already decided that he would not kill them himself, but he would have no problem leaving them to the elements of space. He placed the alien leader on the ground and watched it run off into the dark corridors of the ship. Daelon then turned back to Yin and said, Im going to bring the whole thing down. Theres nothing you can do to stop me. All you can do is choose whether you want to die here, or not.




Chapter Twenty Two

Since its destruction during the Drellic War, St. Basils Cathedral, in the shadow of the reconstructed Kremlin, was rebuilt and converted into a complex of small studio apartments. It was intended by Severov, to be a waiting area for aspiring colonists, waiting to be interviewed. 
It had been two weeks since Simone and Marco had arrived in Moscow, and their interview had been scheduled for that afternoon. Over the previous two weeks, Winston had made several unannounced visits to St. Basils. Over 5,000 people had gathered there, knowing that only 2,000 would be selected. Winstons people who supervised the St. Basils facility, were responsible for administering daily multi-purpose vaccinations to the colonists, in order to keep them as healthy as possible, during their stay. 
Simone and Marco were leery of the idea of accepting the shots, to say the least, but after receiving a bio scan from Winstons men at the beginning of their stay, their incredible health statuses made them ineligible to receive the vaccinations. The chemical that Dr. Feldman had administered to them, gave them the means to pass any physical examination they would be subjected to, while in Moscow. 
Unfortunately for them, this meant that Severov would most likely identify them, as having served with Drellic, giving him even more of a reason to talk to them. Winston had already made it a point to pull them aside and exchange pleasantries, each time he visited. This made Simone and Marco increasingly nervous and the other aspiring colonists, jealous. 
Unlike the others waiting to be interviewed, Simone and Marco knew that the Mars mission did not have any special requirements, other than a clean bill of health. Yet, Winston never missed an opportunity to bombard them with questions, about their falsified careers in Geology and the time they supposedly spent serving Drellic. 
Each time Winston spoke to them, his familiar sinister grin, never left his face. It had been the almost, daily routine since their arrival, and Marco was beginning to have doubts. Simone was always there to discourage his paranoia, and would repeatedly instruct him not to give Severov a reason to be suspicious. But the truth was that Simone was feeling just as paranoid about Winston, as Marco was. But Simone had always been something of an alpha, during their chaotic ten year friendship, and wasnt about to have a nervous breakdown, so close to their mission objective. 
Simone and Marco were sitting in their studio apartment, staring at the round analog clock on the wall, counting the seconds. Their interview was a mere hour away. A small black box was sitting on the round wooden nightstand, beside their bed. It had a single, round red LED on top of it. Once the light began to blink and the box vibrated, it meant it was time for them to take a walk downstairs to the foyer, where a shuttle to the Kremlin would be waiting for them. Upon arriving at the Kremlin, they would find themselves alone in a room with Severov and a science officer of Severovs choosing. 
What if they arent even really interviewing people? Marco asked nervously, as he sat on the bed. I mean think about it, he continued. Theyd have no reason to. Theyre probably just knocking people out and storing them until the launch. Have you ever seen anyone thats gone for the interview, come back? 
Dont be ridiculous, Simone snapped. The whole world knows about this. And its Winston Severov. Hes going to make a show of it on Launch Day. Once he has his 2,000 people, hes probably going to have a press party, to further assure the public that its all on the up and up. 
Marco nodded nervously. Simone then rolled her eyes and said, Besides, youre the one who told me about the pills we needed to take before the launch. You know whats coming and when. 
That doesnt mean he hasnt changed his plans since, Marco snapped. Simone smiled, sat beside him and whispered, We can do this. Remember what you said in the beginning? You said wed see it done, because we have no choice. You brought me in, remember? 
I know, said Marco. I just cant believe its finally here.
50 minutes later, the box on the nightstand began to flash and vibrate. Simone and Marco left their apartment and darted down the stairs to the foyer. Along the way, they were met with dirty looks from those who were offended by Winstons show of favoritism for them. Once they got outside, they noticed a line of marked cars leaving the Kremlin area that were taking several interviewees back to the airport. It seemed as though Winston had turned some people away. 
Simone and Marco approached the white shuttle parked in front of St. Basils marked, Kremlin. The driver opened the folding door on the side of the shuttle, allowing them to climb inside. 
They nervously climbed up a few small steps and made their way to the back of the shuttle. There, they found an empty, leather double seat and sat down together. A younger man wearing a long tan coat and clutching a black briefcase, repeatedly glanced back in their direction, giving them a look of disgust every time. Simone and Marco did their best to ignore him on the short trip to Severovs offices, until the man finally broke the awkward silence between them and said, Must be nice. Marco gave a confused look and asked, What must be nice? 
I hope it feels good, knowing that the decisions already been made, and that everyone else on this bus is just going back home in fifteen minutes, the man said. 
Simone and Marco exchanged awkward glances. Simone then asked the man what he meant by his comment. The man replied, Youve been his pets, ever since you got here. The word just came down. You two have already been selected. 
Evidently that secret was no longer a secret. And wouldnt you know it? the man continued, in a harsh tone. There are only two spots left and theyre going to you. 
They had no idea that it had already come down to the last two spots, out of just a little more than 2,000 people. This meant that Simone and Marcos interview would be the last interview before launch, making the mood even tenser. Simone wondered if there was a reason Severov had waited until the very end to see them, but dared not display her growing concern to Marco. Must be nice to have luck on your side, the man scoffed, before turning around in his seat to face the front of the shuttle. 
Dont feel so bad, Marco said to him. After all, you might turn out to be the lucky one.
The shuttle arrived at the Kremlins main entrance and the passengers were led to a hallway, just outside Severovs office, where they were told to wait. Marco and Simone were the last scheduled to be seen, out of the group from the last shuttle. One by one, they watched the people they had arrived with, be turned away. The people were so angry and bitter over being denied a seat on one of the rockets, but Simone breathed a sigh of relief, each time she saw a person being sent home, knowing that they were being spared from the horrors, she would soon have to face. 
Finally, Simone and Marco were called into Severovs office. Winston stood up from behind his oversized wooden desk and greeted them with a warm smile. He then told his science officer to leave the room. They were alone and behind closed doors with Severov for the first time, since they had been his prisoners, ten years earlier. 
Winston reached across his desk and gave them each a firm handshake, before having them sit down before him. Winston then returned to his seat, smiled and said, First, let me tell you how truly honored and deeply humbled I am, by your presence. Your decision to stay on has meant the world to me. Knowing that two people of your caliber are going to be leading the charge to explore this new world, has made me overjoyed. He then opened a thick binder on his desk and opened up to his files for Timothy and Tara Burrows. Now lets get down to business, he continued. The reason I decided not to proceed with your vaccinations, was because your bio scans revealed trace elements of a compound used by Drellic, during the war. As far as I know, the only way you couldve acquired this compound, was if you had been aligned with Drellic himself, during the war. So, I ask you, did the two of you truly serve under Drellic, ten and a half years ago? 
Both Marco and Simone were wearing dark suit jackets over tightly fit buttoned dress shirts, and were sweating profusely beneath them. Simone had done a lot of playacting, while trying to keep her nerves at bay over the last ten years, but despite her best efforts to keep her composure, she couldnt stop her hands from shaking, as she prepared to speak. 
We did, Simone stuttered, knowing that it was the answer Winston wanted to hear. We served under him, she continued. We served as science officers out of fear for our lives, and in return he gave us the comforts that so few were afforded. Its like we told you before. We did it out of fear. But then realized it was the best decision we ever made. Drellic was a hero. 
Of course, Winston answered, sympathetically. It was a difficult transition for us all, and decisions had to be made not only for us, but our families as well. I too served with Drellic, as you know. Thats why I had to be sure. And please keep this between us, but I was one of his top lieutenants while he was here. Those who know, simply know and theres nothing I can do about it. But now that Im the President of the most powerful nation in the world, its not something I want getting out to the general public. Rumors are bad enough. Im sure you understand. 
Yes, sir. We understand, Marco replied, nervously. 
Winston then suspiciously looked them over for a moment and added, Like I just said in so many words, you are both among friends here. Theres no reason to be so nervous. My only regret is that in my three years serving beside him, I never had the pleasure of meeting either of you. Curious, dont you think? Our paths shouldve crossed once or twice, no? 
There was an awkward silence in the room. Simone and Marco stared at him blankly for a moment and were about to respond at the same time, when Winston suddenly burst out laughing and said, Forgive me. I meant no disrespect. I just thought it was curious, is all. As I said, theres no reason to be nervous here. Your fate has already been sealed. The two of you, two great scientific minds that understand the importance of survival above all else, are going to help me complete this task. 
Simone and Marco were beginning to get the sneaking suspicion that things were about to take a turn for the worse. The three of us have a great deal to discuss. Theres so much you need to know before we begin. But first, Id like you both to come with me! Up! Up! Winston shouted, as he clapped his hands and got back on his feet. 
He quickly walked to the other side of the room and held the door open for them, like an eager child. Grinning once again from ear to ear, he led them down a hallway and into an elevator. The elevator went down several floors until it reached the first sub level, beneath the basement. Once the elevator doors parted ways, a brightly lit, underground hangar deck was revealed. Sitting on the opposite end of the deck, was a Drellic recon ship. Simone recognized it immediately. It was the same ship that she had taken to Mars ten years earlier, with Callum and Maryann. 
Winston walked over to the ship and leaned against it, then looking like a proud parent. This was the first of Drellics ships that came into my possession, after he was killed! he exclaimed. And it will be our chariot, my friends! 
Marco and Simone then became more confused than ever. What do you mean, our chariot, sir? Marco asked. 
I thought we were traveling with the other colonists, Simone added. 
Nonsense! Winston shouted. A cramped titanium tube, is hardly a fitting place for my new friends, Timothy and Tara Burrows! Winston then pointed to the recon ship and exclaimed, As I said, we have a lot to discuss! This will be your ticket to Mars. And Im coming with you! 

Chapter Twenty Three

The Incomplete, who were once comfortable enough to treat Daelon as though he were a lab experiment, were suddenly doing everything they could to avoid him. Since the halls leading to the ships engineering station had been deserted, Yin led Daelon to the control console, responsible for taking control of his captured cargo ship. Yin pointed out a glimmering silver dome, projecting a green outline of Daelons ship. As Yin began to explain how to disable it, Daelon interrupted him by smashing the dome shaped console to pieces, with his bare hands. 
He then turned his attention to the rest of the engineering station. He saw a single alien soldier standing on a catwalk high above his head, near massive energy conduits that were attached to the ships propulsion system. Daelon thought about using his super speed to engage him, but knew it was unnecessary. Instead, he simply looked up at the soldier with a cold, calculating gaze. The soldier immediately teleported out of the room in a quick green flash. Seconds later, Daelon vanished from Yins side in the form of a blur and reappeared overhead on the catwalk, beside the conduits. He then ripped every last connection between the ships controls and its propulsion system to shreds. 
Electrical sparks filled the room, igniting the green glowing circuit boards inside every device in sight. A chain reaction was occurring that would prevent any chance of escape for The Incomplete. Yin told Daelon that there were escape pods on board, but that they were now useless, due to the destruction of the engineering station. 
Daelon and Yin exited the room together and made their way to the landing bay. Yin attempted to teleport back to the captured cargo ship with Daelon as they had done before, but something was preventing it from doing so. Yin theorized that the protective shield once guarding the human prisoners, was now spread throughout the entire ship, preventing teleportation. The shield was being controlled from the alien ships bridge. The Starblood coursing through Daelons veins, allowed him to get a sense of the leaders plan. He focused on the ship, using a thought process he had learned from watching Drellic in battle, and realized that the aliens were on their way to destroy the cargo ship.
Daelon grabbed Yin and used his super speed to propel them both into the landing bay, within seconds. Daelon was not at all surprised to see nearly two dozen armed alien soldiers, preparing to enter his ship and open fire on its vital systems. The defense grid they had placed inside the cargo ship was controlled from the engineering station. This meant that they would have to destroy Daelons ship themselves from the inside, which gave Daelon the perfect opportunity to engage the strongest of his enemies, in one place. 
Though they all looked the same from a distance, Daelon recognized the leader at the front of the group, leading the charge into the cargo ships airlock. He had a peculiar scar on his wrinkly gray forehead. Although Daelon wasnt worried in the slightest about a physical confrontation, he was still pleased to see that they hadnt noticed him yet. He told Yin to hide behind a stack of large metal barrels, leaning against the wall of the landing bay. He then sped off at a supersonic speed, to the entrance to his airlock, cutting off the approaching army. 
Daelon then effortlessly brushed his enemies away, sending them flying to opposite ends of the compartment, while their green energy blasts were absorbed harmlessly into his skin. Once the aliens were lying injured and unconscious all around him, Daelon invited Yin to join him on his cargo ship. His plan was to use the ships turrets to compromise the alien ships hull, causing it to crash into Tyrran, once he was safely inside a pressurized area. However, before Yin could respond with its thoughts, Daelon already knew its answer. 
Yin was a rarity amongst The Incomplete. The name that it had bestowed upon its race, reflected its opinion of its own existence. It felt it was a mistake and had fully accepted its own judgment of itself as undeniable truth. Much like Core, Yin was convinced that it had no place in whatever world was awaiting Daelon, and decided to die honorably amongst its people; not as one of them, but in order to rid the universe of the mistake that they were. 
Daelon expressed his undying gratitude to the creature that had been a friend to him for the briefest of times, and boarded the cargo ship. Daelon had become the sole survivor of mankind and found himself bound for an unknown planet, alone. He returned to the bridge, sat in his chair and resumed control of his systems. The weapons systems implanted inside his ship by the aliens had been rendered useless, while his weapons systems were fully operational. 
Out of respect for his friend, he fired the engines, retracted the landing gear and hovered in front of Yin. He pointed his forward guns directly at it, making Yins death the most quick and painless. Yin transmitted his appreciation, and Daelon opened fire on his friend, disintegrating it instantly and rupturing the hull, clearing a wide path to open space. 
Upon being exposed to the vacuum, bodies and debris began flying at the opening at incredible speeds, while other aliens struggled to anchor themselves to the walls and stanchions in the bay. The violent force caused by the abrupt change in pressure, caused the ships orbit to decay, rapidly. Without another moment, wasted watching The Incomplete struggle against the pull of space, Daelon fired his rear thrusters, sending his ship rocketing through the giant hole in front of him.
As he sped away from Tyrran, for what he knew would be the last time, he took one last look at the alien ship, as it rapidly descended towards the entrance to The Depths, beneath Faul City. He then turned his attention back to his control consoles and plotted a course for the mysterious planet that Drellic had intended to be his destination. 

According to the ships computer, even at maximum speed, the journey to the new world would be five years long. Drellic had intended for the crew of the cargo ship to be in a state of suspended animation for that time, but since Daelon had become one with the Blood of Aia, he decided to remain awake for as long as he could without going insane, so he could see the wonders of uncharted space, along the way. 
Nearly one week later, Daelon was beginning to lose interest in the stars and could no longer keep his mind occupied with any thoughts worth dwelling on. He sat in the captains chair, after having repaired it, reclined it back about six inches and prepared to sleep for the first time, since he had left Yin and The Incomplete to their fate. He leaned back, closed his eyes, and let his mind wander its natural subconscious course. 
As he fell into his first Starblood induced dream, he found himself standing beside his brother on the Siren City beach, overlooking the great Siren Sea. Daelon was dressed in his traditional High Archivists cloak. The burns and stains had vanished, making it appear brand new. Drellic wore his traditional black overalls; the symbol of unity between the two worlds of man, displayed proudly on his shoulders. The sun was high in the sky, making the clear, calm waters shimmer like glass. 
I tried, Daelon said. I tried to see it done. 
I know you did, Drellic replied. You did well. Youve made me very proud. 
But how? Daelon asked, sadly. I failed you. I wasnt strong enough, until it was too late. 
Drellic smiled and said, You couldve killed Core and saved yourself as soon as you discovered my ship. But you didnt. You still went back for your people. Thats what it means to be a Kail. Everything we ever did, was for those we led. 
But theyre all dead, Daelon sobbed. 
There wasnt anything you couldve done, Drellic assured him. And you still got justice for them. You ensured the extinction of an infectious species; one that wouldve most likely conquered us as well, had the Architects never arrived. 
Now I am the last of us, Daelon said. And when I am gone, we will be extinct, as well. 
Drellic smiled again and replied, Oh, youre not the last. Not yet. 
What do you mean? Daelon asked. 
Ill give you a hint, brother. This isnt entirely a dream, Drellic replied. Daelons eyes widened with confusion. Drellic then placed his hand on his shoulder and said, You need to open your eyes now. Your course needs adjusting.
Daelon quickly sat up in his chair, as his dream state abruptly ended. He noticed a red flashing light on the touch screen to his right, indicating a proximity warning. Daelon then turned his attention to the canopy, where he saw a truly magnificent sight. His ship was on a collision course with a giant ice world. Snow blanketed its entire icy surface, making it a sparkling white gem, in a sea of black. It was the most beautiful thing hed ever seen. 
Daelon engaged the forward thrusters, to slow his momentum, then performed a series of maneuvers, placing him in geosynchronous orbit around the planet. This worlds presence was most intriguing to Daelon. It didnt appear on any of his current star charts and as far as he knew, it hadnt been there the day before. He was hovering just a few hundred feet above the surface and to his surprise, his computer informed him that he was receiving a radio transmission. 
When he turned on his speakers, he was overjoyed to hear the sound of his brothers voice. Daelon, Drellic whispered. Im here. Im trapped. Please help me. Daelon jumped out of his seat. 
Im here! Im going to get you out! I promise! he screamed into his microphone. Daelon used his ships infrared lens to pinpoint Drellics heat signature, which was located at the exact center of the ice world. Those slimy bastards couldnt snuff you out, could they?! Daelon yelled at the top of his lungs, as he reprogrammed his forward turrets to produce one continuous laser burst of intense heat. 
A moment later, he opened fire and proceeded to drill a hole into the ice. Daelons plan was to burrow down with his lasers, until he was nearly at the planets core, and then fly his ship into the tunnel he was crafting, in order to limit Drellics exposure to space. From what Daelon could see on his instruments, there was something else at the core of the ice world, producing pressure and a suitable atmosphere for Drellic. This gave Daelon a target for the cargo ships airlock to hit. He continued to cut his way into the ice planet, while continuing to scream and jump for joy.
It wasnt until he reached the midway point in his burrowing task that he noticed a discouraging shadow being cast over the glimmering sphere before him. He remained steadfast and continued firing into the rock and ice, while not even the slightest bit concerned about draining the last of the ships weapons power. 
As he tried his best to ignore the shadow, the shape of the shadow caused his heart to race and his mood to sour. Dark tentacle shaped silhouettes, appeared over the sparkling ice. Daelon watched his weapons power levels reach near depletion, while he heard Drellics voice crackling through over his speakers. Its too late, brother. You must leave, Drellic insisted. The enemy is here. Save yourself.
No! Daelon yelled, as he continued firing his continuous laser burst, until the depletion of his power forced the forward turrets to shut down completely. Daelon had reached the desired depth with his cutting, but found himself unable to charge forward into the tunnel he had created. Daelon heard a loud thud overhead on his canopy, and saw the bottom of a slimy, slithering tentacle from the Architect Planet Farmer, which had a firm grasp on the cargo ship. 
From within the ice world, Drellic had sensed that Daelon had been captured. I told you leave, brother, Drellic said, as the Starblood transmitted his words into Daelons speaker system. 
I know, Daelon replied. But a Kail does not abandon his people, let alone his own family. I love you, brother. 
The Planet Farmer tightened its grip on the cargo ship, crushing into into bits. Daelons body was left spinning out into space. His body glowed yellow like the sun, as the vacuum of space was beginning to overpower the Starblood that was struggling to keep him alive. But with no other matter to merge with that could sustain his life, and the relatively small dose he had ingested in the first place, the Starblood failed and Daelons body imploded. 
From within the ice world, Drellic screamed in agony and wept for his brother. He then gave a loud war cry to his enemies, challenging the Architects to engage him. But the Architects knew all too well that Drellic was for some reason unknown to them, a force that could only be contained and not killed. This was the reason they had imprisoned him in the ice, in the first place. Drellic was the only sentient being in the universe with the unfathomable power to conquer the Architects. And so, he was left to the elements, encased in a sphere of ice and rock, where he would spend the next fifteen billion years.
Unbeknownst to Drellic, Daelon and the Architects, Aia had observed the fall of mankind, from afar. She had taken a particular interest in Daelons journey during his final days, and was saddened by his passing. She was even tempted to interfere and prevent Daelons execution, but was still bound by her own laws, to not mettle with her childrens affairs.
 Drellic had become the last being in the universe that possessed Aias essence. She had the power to absorb the Starblood within Drellic and leave him for dead. She could have even had him released and safely transported to another world, where the Architects had no influence. But on that day, because she was bound by her oath, she left things exactly as they were. And although it was her right to reclaim her essence, she left Drellic with the great power that had been bestowed upon him, in the hopes that he might one day use them to benefit others, if ever released. This was her way of honoring Daelons sacrifice; by leaving her ultimate power with the part of Drellic that would always be good and kind hearted; the only part that Daelon ever cared to see in his beloved brother. 


Part Three: Of Truth

Chapter Twenty Four

It had been two days since Simone and Marcos departure from Earth, and the situation was full of tension and great uncertainty. Never in their wildest dreams, did they imagine that they would be arriving on Mars weeks ahead of the new colonists, with Winston Severov as their guide, along with an armed squadron of his loyal foot soldiers. For months, they had been under the impression that they would be amongst the 2,000 people selected to be stuffed into one of the ten MARC rockets, and rendered indefinitely unconscious by a toxic gas, upon entering their cryo-tubes, for the two week journey. 
Marco had informed Simone of a tactic revealed to him by Severov years earlier, involving a drug released into the life support systems of the passengers life pods. On past missions to Mars, unsuspecting colonists would be placed in cryo- tubes for the duration of the trip, and never wake up. Instead, upon arrival at Mars, the colonists were transferred from their ships directly to the Shadow Colony; where they would become part of an ongoing gruesome experiment that even Gropovski did not have reliable intelligence about. 
The Drellic era recon ship was far more advanced than the MARC rockets. Although they had been retrofitted with new and advanced propulsion systems, the MARCs wouldnt arrive on Mars for another 13 days, while Simone, Marco and Winston were scheduled to arrive within the hour. Simone contemplated the possibility of Winston knowing the true identities of Timothy and Tara Burrows. She and Marco had thought about nothing else since, leaving Moscow. But she kept reassuring herself, by entertaining the notion that if Winston had known who they were, he wouldve most likely killed them by then. 
Instead, Winstons mood on board the recon ship reflected quite the opposite. He was very polite and inquisitive about Timothy and Taras colorful backgrounds, forcing them to think on their feet, while playing to Winstons interests. Luckily for Simone, Marco Gropovski had spent years under Winstons command and had prepped Simone months in advance, on how to keep Winstons interests peaked, thus clouding his needs for suspicion. 
Another challenge on the trip, was keeping Winston convinced that they were not only former Drellic operatives, but Drellic sympathizers. By the time the Red Planet was in visual range from the ships front windows, they felt they had done a superb job in getting Winston to believe that they also viewed Drellics arrival as a blessing and not a curse. 
It seemed that the more like-minded they made themselves appear to Winston, the more they found Winston hinting at something of a job offer on the Shadow Colony. Given their cramped quarters, Simone and Marco had no time to themselves on the trek, but had conditioned themselves to read each other so well that even the slightest tone of voice change or body signal, could be interpreted properly. 
Simone felt that if Winston had been planning to kill or torture them, he was doing too good of a job hiding it. Winston repeatedly spoke of being thankful for their presence, and how he had been waiting for the right scientific minds, with the right perspective on the world, to help him achieve his goals. He was never specific as to what his endgame in all of this was, but Marco had already given Simone a good idea, months earlier. 
Winston was not the righteous and fair advocate for democracy that he presented himself to be. Marco knew that once Winston had what he needed from Shadow, he would do everything in his power to reshape the world into what he truly wanted it to be. That was all Simone ever needed to hear. She was ready to die, to prevent anything resembling the Drellic Era from happening again. 
A few minutes later, Simone felt the familiar turbulence from diving through the Martian atmosphere. Minutes after that, the ship came to hover over Aeolis Mons, a mountain very close to where Callum had disposed of Drellics remains. Winston smiled, as he looked over the shoulder of his pilot, and spotted a circular opening at the top of the mountain. He then rushed back to the cabin and sat beside Marco and Simone. He placed one hand on Simones knee, and his other hand on Marcos shoulder. 
This is the part I was telling you about, he boasted. This is the part that is going to change your lives. So we really arent the first people to ever set foot here? Are we? Simone asked; nervously, hoping Winston wouldnt detect the dishonesty in her question. No. No, we are not, my dear Dr. Burrows! Winston exclaimed. 
Winston then rose to his feet, as the ship made a smooth, level descent inside the mountain. The cabin became dark, as solid walls of rock, filled the windows. They have control, the pilot called back to Winston. Who has control? Marco asked. 
Winston grinned and replied, My friends, if you truly believe in doing what is necessary to ensure the survival and prosperity of our species, as you say you do, then you are about to experience the most magical and inspiring days of your lives!
The ship had just finished its descent through a tunnel carved into the top of the mountain, and was hovering mere inches from a massive rectangular concrete platform, on the floor of a large open cavern. Severov anxiously watched through the front windows, as the thin stream of light shining down on them, suddenly vanished. The hole at the top of the mountain had been sealed, causing the inside of the cavern to turn pitch black for just an instant, before a giant circular crystal, embedded in the rock wall in front of them, glowed brightly, illuminating the area. 
Winston turned back to his passengers and said, That means its safe to come out now. He quickly walked over to the side hatch. Marco and Simone both had an uneasy feeling, and it was Simone who was the first to speak up. What are you doing? she asked Winston. Dont open that! Youll kill us! Winston just smiled and playfully replied, Like I said. The crystal shines upon us, and so it is safe to come out. 
Without a second thought, he popped open the side hatch and hopped down to the concrete platform. There was no violent change in cabin pressure. Meaning that the pressure outside was equivalent to the pressure in the ship. The air coming in from the cavern smelled and tasted stale, but it was breathable. Simone and Marco remained seated on the metal bench along the cabin wall. Winston popped his head through the hatchway and said, I assure you. Its perfectly safe. Now, come out here! There are some people I want you to meet! 
Simone and Marco reluctantly removed their safety harnesses and exited the ship. To their surprise, the gravity inside the mysterious chamber was equal to that of Earths. What is this? Marco asked Winston. How is all this possible? Marco had to quickly stop himself from using his normal tone of voice, before speaking. He wasnt acting anymore; neither was Simone. 
Seeing the fully pressurized Earth-like conditions within the Martian mountain, reminded her of Drellics cocoon-like life chamber, inside Charon. Then as if it were fate, she turned around to see a familiar black and gray symbol, painted on the rock wall behind her. 
You recognize it. Dont you? Winston asked her, eagerly. Of course I do, Simone said with a shiver. It was the same symbol of unity, proudly displayed by the Sirenese and Tyrranese, eons earlier. 
Simone turned to Winston. For the first time since their departure from Earth, her emotions were sincere. She was frightened and confused, but awe inspired at the same time. Who exactly are we meeting here, Mr. Severov? she stuttered. Winston grinned again, but before he could answer, a loud crumbling sound came from behind him, beneath the large shining crystal. It reminded Marco and Simone of the sound of an avalanche, but the walls around them seemed perfectly stable. Finally, it became clear that there was a hidden doorway beneath the crystal. Two slabs of rock were automatically parting ways, revealing a dimly lit, gray corridor with glowing green circular lights that lined the walls on both sides, and stretched down as far as the eye could see. 
A moment later, they could hear approaching footsteps from the shadows of the corridor. Marco and Simone looked on in terror, while Winston watched with excitement, as three tall, thin human-like creatures, stepped out from the shadows and into the light of the crystal. They had dull gray skin, solid black eyes and no visible hair, but aside from that, they resembled poorly nourished, adult human males. They staggered slightly when they walked, and had a peculiar habit of smelling the air around them, with their pale, slender noses, as if searching for food, the way a dog might. 
What intrigued Simone and Marco the most about them, was their attire. They were dressed in formal black uniforms, identical to Drellics. They even displayed the same unity symbol upon their shoulders. Winston quickly approached the tallest of the three creatures and extended his hand. The creature shook Severovs hand as a human would, as if it had done it hundreds of times. It then looked over to Simone and Marco and asked Winston, Are these the loyalists, you mentioned? in a raspy, low pitched voice. 
The creatures English was very impressive, despite its slow and hesitant speech patterns. Winston proudly responded, Yes! This is Dr. Timothy Burrows and his lovely wife, Dr. Tara Burrows. They will be helping us to achieve our goal! 
Good, said the creature. Then they are familiar with our methods? 
Not entirely, Winston answered dutifully. It was obvious to Simone and Marco that Winston did not have the same superiority complex on Mars that he did on Earth. But they are loyalists, as I said, Winston continued. They will understand. We are like-minded, to say the least. 
Good, the creature replied, as its two companions stepped behind Simone and Marco, as if to nudge them into the corridor. The tallest of the creatures, who was introduced as Phaetos, gave Simone and Marco an awkward and inexperienced smile, revealing both a top and bottom row of off-white, human-like teeth. It then motioned for them to follow behind it and Severov into the corridor. Please join us, the creature rasped. There is much for you to both see and understand, before we can proceed with your training.
Simone and Marco nervously followed them into the uncertain dark, as the two other creatures followed closely behind them. The two slabs of rock automatically joined together after they passed by, sealing off the entrance. After a few hundred feet, they came to a brightly lit chamber, at the end of the corridor. 
Together, the group stepped out onto a steel balcony, overlooking a massive factory floor. Simone and Marco gripped the rusty metal railing at the end of the balcony, and gazed upon thousands of creatures, identical to those in their company. They all appeared to be running some kind of an assembly line, with a vast network of conveyor belts. It seemed as though the final product of which, was stored in a walled off compartment, in the far left corner of the factory floor. It was filled with dozens of large, wide cylindrical water tanks, with a series of electronic control pads surrounding them.
Winston turned to Simone and Marco and said, These are the descendants of a once vast, powerful and incredibly advanced civilization. My friends, I give you, the forgotten children of Tyrran. 


Chapter Twenty Five

Aias Great Storm condemned her children to eternal darkness, while the remnants of one of the Architects final creations remained dormant, yet alert, protected by the thick outer layers of Tyrran. From within the bowels of The Depths, The Incomplete banded together as one united, endangered species. The survivors of the crash caused by Daelon, managed to patch the tears in the hull with their transparent force field technology, just prior to impact. This minimized the damage to their vessel and allowed for more than half of the entities on board, to survive and endure the next several weeks. 
The ships propulsion system was damaged beyond repair, and none of their scout ships or escape pods could even attempt making the journey to the next habitable world, which was hundreds of light years away. They were stranded and those who had survived were badly injured. But they were not without sustenance. The Architects had made a sizable delivery of the nourishing chemical that kept the Incomplete alive, just before they abandoned their planet, to engage the humans. Thousands of black barrels, containing the same glowing, purple liquid, present in their cocoons at the moment of their collective birth, lined the walls of their storage compartment, located on their bottom deck. 
The Incomplete also possessed another source of life replenishing nectar. Although Daelon had destroyed the bulk of their human blood supply, they still possessed a single feeding drone, filled with the blood and nutrients they had extracted from Core. A member of their ranks bred to be a scientific advisor, put its knowledge of chemistry to good use and spent years finding a way to fuse Cores blood with their dwindling supply of food from the Architects. 
It didnt take the Incomplete long to realize that human blood was far more nourishing than the mediocre bitter tasting stew, concocted by their creators. They had been genetically engineered by the Architects, just as the humans had been. And after years of trials and study, determined that although humans came from a distant gene pool, human DNA seemed to bond with their own, consequently making their bodies more durable and their minds generally more efficient. 
After synthesizing a liquid element that combined the two sources of life energy, the Incomplete discovered that they did not have to consume nearly as much as they had in the past, in order to survive. The Architects had given them the presence of mind to construct self-sustaining technology aboard their ships. They never had to worry about the loss of power, gravity or oxygen, as long as the ship remained sealed underground. And now with their newly found food source, they were able to survive and reproduce as a normally functioning asexual species, beneath the Tyrran surface, for the next one thousand years. 
They gave birth by secreting a fungus from their rows of nostrils, which doubled as smell receptors and reproductive organs. The fungus rapidly evolved into an organism with a genetic makeup, identical to its parent, thus producing a being identical to Yin or their leader, at the time of the crash. This allowed them to remain numbered in the thousands, over the centuries.
Even after a full millennium had passed since the crash, they still had no way of leaving Tyrran and were then faced with the challenge of a rapidly diminishing food supply. Out of necessity, they used the last of their available technological resources, to build thousands of rectangular life pods, hooked up directly to the ships main power grid. They then made the decision, as a species, to go into an indefinite state of hibernation, which could only be interrupted by their ship detecting a viable organic presence, within a close proximity. 
After locking themselves away on the lowest deck of their stranded vessel, two billion years passed before Aias Great Storm shook the twelve existing galaxies to their core, igniting the spark of life in the meadows of dark matter between them. The universe-wide destruction of the Architects, and the abrupt presence of new galaxies, caused pieces of the pre-existing galaxies to be ejected out into new territories. As The Incomplete slept soundly in their hibernation chambers, Tyrran, Siren and Drellics unnamed ice world, were cast out into the cold in close succession, keeping them held firmly together by the bond of gravity. 
Afterwards, an eight billion year journey, at light barrier breaking speeds, was abruptly ended by the gravitational influence of the recently formed Milky Way galaxy. The celestial titan welcomed the three minuscule rocks to its company with open arms, depositing them into elliptical orbits around a newly born, main sequence star, already long in its charge. 
Five billion years of pleasantries were exchanged between the planetary bodies and their adopted parent star, before two primitive mechanical devices crashed into a reformed, unrecognizable Tyrran. The year was 1971, according to the modern human calendar, which had been established on neighboring planet Earth, formerly known as Siren. Two poorly constructed probes, designed to take samples of the planets surface, crashed a few thousand feet away from the Incomplete ships burial site. 
Although the Incompletes automated computer system was programmed to detect organic signatures, the presence of the failed landers, triggered the ships long range antennae. Radio transmissions from Earth were picked up by the ships computer, and were immediately identified as being the product of human vocal chords. The Incomplete were immediately awakened by their ship and the ancient leaders of their long forgotten race, quickly educated themselves about Earth and its inhabitants. 
More human probes successfully landed on Tyrran, which the humans referred to as Mars, in the following years. The Incomplete used these probes to communicate with human governments. It began as a series of distress calls, which were kept secret from the general public on Earth and led to the creation of Darkside. 
An Incomplete soldier called Phaetos, who had ingested a rather generous amount of Cores genetic material, had come out of its life pod with unexpected deformities, making it appear much more human than alien. Phaetos became their ambassador to Earth and was the only member of their race allowed to show its face to the ignorant humans via video transmission. 
It learned English, the most commonly spoken human language, and was instructed by its superiors to masquerade as a descendant of ancient humanity. The Incomplete had learned all there was to know about ancient man, after crash landing on Tyrran, eons before. It was Phaetos who first informed the leaders of Darkside of the existence of man, billions of years prior, of the Architect War and most importantly, of Starblood. Starblood was the unobtainable dream elixir that had brought about their imprisonment, and the Incomplete knew that if anything could lure the humans to come to their aid, it was the promise of ultimate power. 


Chapter Twenty Six

Simone and Marco were led across the factory floor, by Winston and Phaetos, the leader who had greeted them when they first arrived. The thousands of workers all looked identical to Phaetos, aside from minor differences in skin pigment and facial curvature. They each had a very slender, yet human looking nose, two arms, two legs, ten fingers, ten toes; all in their appropriate locations. They worked tirelessly, but were noticeably malnourished. Each worker seemed to walk with the same stagger and had poor balance, when pivoting or coming to a stop. They wore thin gray fabrics, which were hardly protective, against the brilliant sparks that flew across the room from the blades of their circular saws. Some of those who were cutting aluminum-like materials to be used for the tanks, wore clear protective masks over their faces, but they did not seem to have enough for everyone. 
How have your people survived down here for this long? Simone asked Phaetos. I dont mean to seem rude, but no one here seems to be in very good health. 
Winston and Phaetos exchanged a look of uncertainty. I think we need to show them everything, Winston said to Phaetos. They need to see this place for what it truly is. Its the only way well know if they can be trusted.
Phaetos nodded and led the group to a sliding steel door panel. A gleaming red eye to the right of the door, scanned Phaetoss retina. Afterwards, the panel quickly slid up into the ceiling, revealing a long narrow catwalk. On either side of the catwalk, was a seemingly endless row of completed water tanks, each containing a single human occupant. They slowly walked down the hall of lifeless bodies, leaving Simone and Marco with the grueling task, of masking the sheer terror they were experiencing. Some of the tanks contained small children; not even ten years old. Hundreds of adult men and women filled the other tanks. People of all ethnicities were present. It was just as Marco had predicted to Simone. 
They were all completely naked, aside from thick white collars, attached to their legs and necks. Feeding tubes connected the collars to the sides of the tanks, and appeared to be slowly draining blood from their prisoners external jugular veins and femoral arteries. 
Along the way, Winston introduced Simone and Marco to the true nature of their surroundings. He spoke of the true origins of Darkside, and the contract that bound its leaders and the Martians together that was later signed with human blood. Winston Severov, along with Darksides co-founders, were contacted by the Martians and given the technological means to fast track the worlds space programs. 
By downloading technical schematics, sent to them by Phaetos, Darkside learned to build and eventually launch the first manned mission to Mars in 1994. Winston Severov was the first human being to set foot on Martian soil. He was 25 years old at the time. He and three other astronauts; also co-founders of Darkside, were invited inside Aeolis Mons. The mountain sat directly on top of the Incompletes crash site, in an underground cavern, formerly referred to as The Depths by ancient man. Phaetos invited the humans on board their ship with open arms and explained its peoples situation. 
Unbeknownst to Winston, using all the information they had collected about ancient man, and Phaetos new physical appearance, Phaetos alone, was able to convince Severov to begin a search for the Talin, on Earth, which would give them all the proof they would ever need, about the existence of ancient man on both Earth and Mars. 
Phaetos then explained that its people were dying and required an unfathomable amount of human genetic material from Earth, in order to survive. Severov was already a jaded, sadistic and self-absorbed man in his mid-twenties. But he still refused to allow the Martians to experiment on his people. There was even a brief moment when Phaetos had contemplated capturing Severov and his companions for the sake of the sustenance they could provide. But in the interest of securing a long term business relationship, Phaetos invited Severov onto the ships bridge, where he was a shown a holographic projection of Daelon tossing the Incomplete around like rag dolls, after he had consumed Starblood. 
Phaetos convinced Severov that the aliens displayed in the projection had tried to invade their vessel, after their world had been destroyed, and that Daelon was one of Phaetos people, defending his race. Phaetos lied further, suggesting that Daelon was a prime example of their former physical appearance, and that they had evolved into their current state, after billions of years of hiding underground without proper nourishment. 
Phaetos then led Severov into another chamber, where a swirling stream of Starblood molecules was displayed, for the benefit of the dazzled humans. Severov never realized that the Starblood he had been exposed to, was merely another holographic projection; a mere picture of the stream Daelon had discovered, just prior to their ships crash, billions of years before. 
From that point, Phaetos proposal was a simple one. It had offered Winston the very last of its peoples Starblood, in exchange for Winston giving the Martians what they needed to survive. Given his delusions of grandeur and predetermined, unwavering opinions about the world, Winston gave into temptation while on his way back to Earth.
The Darkside co-founders in his company were in fear of Phaetos and denounced his proposition. They had remained silent on Mars, as did Severov, and were instructed to give Phaetos an answer at a later date. Unfortunately for Severovs companions, Severov had already made up his mind and was already formulating ways to bring others around to his way of thinking. 
Upon learning of their true feelings regarding Phaetos, Severov injected his companions with a powerful sedative, while they slept. He then forced them into the ships airlock and disposed of their bodies. During his return to Earth, Severov explained to his superiors that there had been an incident with a dust devil on Mars that compromised their spacesuits, leaving him as the sole survivor of the mission.
Severov of course, gave the same fabricated explanation to Simone and Marco. Winston was under the impression that Timothy and Tara Burrows were long time Drellic sympathizers, and longed for a man such as himself, to rise up as absolute ruler of humanity, in order to end the ongoing counterproductive disputes between the nations of the world. He prayed that the promise of Starbloods return to Earth, would be enough to sway Timothy and Taras judgment.
Simone and Marco did their best to continue masking their feelings, while Winston continued to justify the presence of the thousands of withering humans, by insisting that he never sent a single colonist out into space that didnt volunteer to go, and that they knew they would be facing uncertain dangers. Winston also explained that he was convinced that saving the Martians from extinction, was the only way to save humanity as well. 
A few minutes later, they finally came to the end of the lifeless human eyes that had been staring at them through the glass tanks, since they had entered the corridor. Winston then asked for a few moments alone with Simone and Marco, to which the Martians agreed. Winston stood in between them, placing one hand on Simones right shoulder and one hand on Marcos left shoulder. 
My friends, the choice is yours and yours alone. But in the end, I know you will do the right thing. Ive been all alone in this for the last ten years. Im tired and Im going to need all the help I can get, to save both of our worlds, Winston began. You have until the morning to decide; but know this. In the coming world, I am going to need trusted advisors; lieutenants to be at my side, when I cannot be in two places at once, just as Drellic did. But come tomorrow morning, should you choose to abandon me, you will be joining them. Because, as you can now see, Mars never belonged to us, he concluded, as he pointed at the row of floating bodies behind them. Choose wisely, my friends, he said, as he removed his hands from their shoulders and asked Phaetos to rejoin them, along with its escorts.
Phaetos led Simone and Marco to their private quarters, where they were told to remain for the night. Just before entering the room the Martians had prepared for them, Simone noticed that she could see the gleaming hull of Phaetos crashed ship at the end of a wide circular tunnel that had been forged in the rock ahead. She knew there was much more to the Martians than was being revealed and was already fighting the urge to sneak aboard the buried ship during the night. 
It was then explained to them that since the construction of the Shadow Colony, unknown lethal contaminates had been discovered inside the ancient spacecraft, forcing the Martians to seal it off and never return to it. This of course tempted Simone even more. Marco discretely gave Simone a certain look as if to say, Dont even think about it. Winston and Phaetos then left Simone and Marco to rest. 
After passing through the narrow rectangular opening, into the dark room ahead, a steel door panel slid from the ceiling down to the floor behind them. Once they were sealed inside the room, the overhead lighting was triggered. It was a much smaller version of the large illuminating crystal, they had discovered when they had first entered the mountain. 
The room was roughly the size of an office cubicle and contained nothing but a double bed draped in a black quilt, and a walled off bathroom section, with no door. The bathroom contained a moldy stand shower with a cracked glass door, and a white, old fashioned toilet that looked like it had been salvaged from a 1950s home on Earth.
They were both still wearing their business attire from their interview with Severov. Marco unbuttoned his suit jacket, loosened his tie and sat down on the bed. He let out a long exhale and let himself fall back onto the stiff mattress. So what the hell are we supposed to do now, Simone? he asked, in a frustrated tone. We were supposed to arrive with the others and sneak off. Now, they have us in here, under lock and key. 
After a few seconds of silence, Marco tilted his head up, to see that Simone was staring blankly at him from against the far wall. Are you even listening to me? he asked. Simone remained silent and quietly approached him. She then slowly crawled up onto the bed and straddled him, while lightly kissing his neck. What are you doing? he asked her. Thanking you, she whispered. For coming this far.
Marco enjoyed what was happening to him, but was too confused by Simones actions to reciprocate. She loosened his belt and unzipped his pants, making him tense up for a moment. Simone felt his body squirm and released his pants. She then lunged at him and pressed him firmly against the mattress, by his shoulders. Listen. I havent fucked in ten years and this might be my last chance, she said, in a quiet but commanding tone of voice. So, youre going to go with this. Who knows? You might like it.
 It wasnt long afterwards that Marco stopped resisting and allowed her to pull off his shoes, pants and briefs. She then pulled down her panties from beneath her skirt. When she returned to the bed, Marco forcefully grabbed her and pulled her towards him, allowing her to straddle him again. This time, he penetrated her without hesitation. 
Her loud passionate moans could be heard on the other side of the door, where Phaetos walked alone towards its ship, which had supposedly been quarantined. It passed through a gray circular pad on the ships hull, as though it were stepping into a body of water. Phaetos then disappeared entirely inside the ship. It reappeared on the other side of the hull and stepped into a dark spherical chamber, where it seemed to levitate towards a holographic projection of Simone and Marco having sex, in the center of the room. Phaetos watched the projection for a moment, then glided back to the outside corridor. Phaetos then walked several feet, until it came to a row of locked double doors, in a much wider corridor, brightly lit by shimmering green crystals overhead. 
Phaetos stopped in front of one of the sets of doors and allowed the glowing red eye to the right of the doors, to administer its routine retina scan. Once Phaetos identity was verified, the double doors parted ways, revealing a naked, blonde Caucasian woman, who appeared to be in her mid-twenties and was strapped to a black metal table. Her legs were forced apart and locked in place by tight steel clamps. Upon seeing Phaetos, the woman screamed, No! Not again, you sick fuck! Please! Not again! 
Phaetos ignored her pleas, removed its clothing and mounted her. It aggressively penetrated her with the human-like penis it had inherited from its generous intake of human genetic materials, over the years. 
The woman locked in the room as Phaetos sex slave, was just one of hundreds of fertile human women being held as prisoners, in that particular corridor on the ship. The Incomplete had discovered that in addition to needing human DNA to survive, they would also need to learn to reproduce sexually, since they were developing human sex organs. The most recent generation of the Incomplete, referred to as Martians by Severov, were all rapidly developing into adult human males and needed fertile human females, if they were to breed future generations.

A few hours after Phaetos routine breeding experiment, Marco awoke and was immediately thrust into a panic after realizing that Simone was nowhere to be found. A moment later, the door panel slid up into the ceiling, revealing an irate Winston Severov. He charged at Marco and was followed by two armed Martian soldiers holding laser rifles, reminiscent of the weapons Drellic had issued to his soldiers, during his occupation of Earth. 
Winston tackled Marco, forcing him onto the bed. Marco couldve easily overpowered Winston in his younger and more physically fit form, but the presence of the armed aliens before him, forced him to resist his aggressive impulses. 
Winston pulled a piece of paper from his pocket, shoved it in Marcos face and screamed, The results of your DNA test are in, Mr. Gropovski! Now tell me, you traitorous fucking snake! Where the fuck is Simone fucking Hammond?!


Chapter Twenty Seven

Unbeknownst to Marco, Simone had decided long before their journey to Moscow that their mission to the Shadow Colony would definitely be a one way trip. After making love to him, she waited for him to fall asleep, then left a black ear bud on the night stand for him to find. It was a two way radio. Simone was already wearing an identical one in her left ear. After giving him a soft kiss on the forehead, she headed into the bathroom and climbed up on the toilet seat. Above the toilet, was a gray, square shaped metal grate. It served as an entrance to the ventilation shaft, and upon removing the grate, she found that it seemed to lead in the direction of the mysterious spaceship. 
Ever since she saw its gleaming hull embedded in the Martian rock hours earlier, she knew that it held all the answers she was looking for. She also knew that although it was rumored to be quarantined because of unknown contaminates, the ventilation shaft seemed to amplify the sounds of people coming and going from the ship. The echo of the sounds of footsteps, electronic beeps and hums, and the slamming of metal against metal, as if a forklift were being operated, kept her awake long after Marco had drifted to sleep. 
There must be a great power source in there, she whispered to herself, as she stared intently into the hollow metal vent shaft. Something incredible to keep them alive this longSomething so strong, could become quite a weapon.
Despite her reservations, Simone had already decided that the humans still alive in captivity on the site, were beyond saving. Eliminating them from the equation, left her with Severov and the Martians, whom she had no qualms with killing. Her only regret in her plan to blow up the entire complex, was Marco. But Marco knew the risks, just as well as she did. Knowing that was enough for her to justify proceeding with her plan without another thought. 
She crawled through twenty feet of narrow rusting steel that left a bitter metallic taste in her mouth, each time she inhaled. When she reached the end of the shaft, she found another metal grate, which gave her a direct view of the circular pad, on the side of the alien ship. Once she spotted it, she was startled, as it turned to liquid before her eyes. Ripples passed through it, as if it were a flowing stream. A moment later, Phaetos exited the ship through the pad, causing it to instantly revert back to its solid form. 
Simone waited several seconds for Phaetos to pass out of sight. Once she was certain no one else was nearby, she carefully removed the grate, set it beside her, then lowered herself to the ground. She knew that there was no time to be wasted. Two thousand more colonists were on their way to the complex to be processed by Phaetos and the others. She had no time to consider the risks of blindly entering the alien ship, without knowing who or what was waiting for her on the other side. The sound of approaching footsteps from the opposite end of the rocky tunnel, then forced her to dart through the ships entrance pad. 
Fortunately, she found herself alone in another dark corridor, surrounded by oddly shaped control pads and dimly lit green crystals, overhead. An open hatchway leading to the large spherical chamber in front of her, revealed a large holographic projection of she and Marco having sex, a few hours earlier. It seemed to be on a recorded loop. Disgusted, she chose a direction to take down the corridor, determined to locate some kind of reactor, or anything that could generate a catastrophic explosion. 
She had made a promise to Callum, who was killed to protect the secrets of the Shadow Colony, to stop Severov and save the colonists. The only way she knew how to keep that promise was to destroy everything the Martians had built, in order to save those who hadnt arrived yet. This also involved taking her own life, but in her present state of mind that was the least of her concerns. 
A few moments later, she came to a tall divider that split the corridor in two. She could continue following the narrower of the corridors, if she stayed to the right. A much wider corridor extended out to her left. She was about to continue to the right, when she heard soft whimpering coming from the wider corridor. At first, she thought it was some kind of trick. But Simone had a feeling that if the aliens knew she were on board their ship, she would already be in their custody. 
As she quietly entered the wider corridor, she found a row of locked double doors with tiny glass windows on each side. The doors were labeled with markings that didnt resemble any of the letter or number characters Simone was familiar with. Thats not ancient human she thought. 
She followed the whimpering sound to a set of doors on her right. She peaked through the glass window to see a small, naked Asian woman. She was strapped to a black table; her legs forced apart by steel clamps. The woman was barely conscious and had a strange red growth on her forehead. Small green, red and brown warts covered her breasts and thighs. Simone looked for a way to enter the room, but saw that the security system required a retina scan from one of the Martians. When Simones gaze returned to the window, she noticed that the Asian woman had spotted her and was trying to tell her something. Simone had to focus on the womans lips to understand what she was saying. She was saying, Kill me, over and over again. 
Simones eyes widened and tears streamed down her face, as she forced herself to look away and continue her search for the ships power source. As she passed by other locked doors and windows, she found herself looking in on dozens of women, all appearing to be in their mid-twenties; most of whom, had deformities similar to that of the Asian woman at the beginning of the hall and were also restrained in the same manner. 
As she reached the end of the cell block, the deafening sounds of women screaming, drew her to a large glass window on the wall in front of her. She had just passed by the last cell and entered the next corridor. Instead of turning left or right, she looked both ways, to make sure she was still alone and headed straight for the wall ahead. 
Simone crouched down below the bottom of the window, to remain out of sight. She then slowly raised her head, to see what was happening on the other side. It was then that she had her first glimpse at the true face of the Incomplete. There were seven women strapped to rolling tables with their legs forced open, placed in a row, in front of a tall gray creature that more closely resembled a member of the Incomplete of old. Not every survivor of their several billion year hibernation, responded to the introduction of human genetic materials, as quickly as others had. 
Simone saw this first hand when she came to that window, and saw that the woman were giving birth to infants, which hardly resembled normal human babies. Their slimy gray skin, chilling black eyes and dozens of tiny black nostrils that separated their desolate eye slits, gave Simone the sudden urge to vomit. 
The seven women had given birth in unison and were not hooked up to any medical equipment whatsoever. Three other similar looking creatures joined the first alien medical officer present. The aliens wore long, dark blue aprons made of rubber, which became covered in the slimy discharge of the infants and the blood of their mothers. The creatures collected their newborn offspring and left the room, leaving another, more human looking member of the Incomplete, with the task of rolling the seven unconscious women to a steal door panel, at the far end of the compartment. The creature used a small remote in its slimy hand, to open the panel, revealing a wall of flames inside. It was a giant incinerator. The alien then tossed the seven women into the incinerator and closed it, without another thought. 
After everything she had just witnessed, Simone was having a difficult time controlling her breathing. She was hyperventilating and could hear her panicky breaths echoing off the walls around her. 
What the fuck are they? she whispered, as she crawled along the corridor to the end of the window, then got back to her feet and walked quickly to the end of the hall, where she finally found what she had been looking for. 
She had come to a massive, dome shaped hangar. A giant web of thin wiring and thick electrical conduits hung over her head, which was attached to a series of large metal rings that formed a sphere, when connected. Through the thin spaces in between the rings, Simone could see a brilliant green ball of energy, which she assumed was the facilitys main power source. Positioned more closely to the sphere, was a circle of smaller spaceships, resembling poorly maintained, rusted versions of the Apollo space capsules. Other smaller pod like vessels, were also part of the circle of twisted metal and wire connections. It seemed that the aliens had also resorted to using whatever smaller ships they had on board their mother-ship, to aid in the powering of the entire Shadow Colony facility. 
Killing the power to the entire colony would terminate the life support systems and end the suffering of the human captives. But Simone knew she couldnt risk any alien survivors, and was still determined to find a way to convert the energy source she had uncovered into an explosive weapon. After glancing over her surroundings a few more times, she determined that the answer was most likely in the weapons systems of the smaller ships, surrounding the energy sphere. 
Meanwhile, Marco was seated on the bed and was still being held at gun point by Severovs alien foot soldiers. Phaetos had recently entered the room and was preparing an injection for him, while Severov was tearing through their clothes, searching for a clue as to Simones whereabouts. Of all the places to not have any cameras, Winston muttered to Phaetos. 
Electronics dont work so well, so close to ship, Phaetos rasped, while ignoring the true reason for the lack of surveillance cameras around its ship. Well then, we shouldve held them somewhere else! Winston yelled. 
Phaetos brought a very long needle over to Marco and jabbed him in the neck with it. Phaetos then pressed down firmly on the plunger, emptying the entire vial of liquid attached to it. While they waited for the drug to have its desired effect, Winston finally spotted the black ear bud that Simone had left behind on the floor beneath the nightstand. Hes been talking to her with this! Winston exclaimed, as he presented it to Phaetos. And he will continue to do so, said Phaetos. When drug takes effect, he will do and say what we want him to.


Chapter Twenty Eight

After almost 30 minutes of carefully examining the technology in the alien hangar, Simone was beyond convinced that these creatures had no relation to ancient humanity, whatsoever. Whatever sick experiments were happening on Mars, were not in mankinds best interest or even Severovs. It seemed to Simone that even Winston, who was once thought to be the mastermind of the entire operation, was little more than a pawn in Phaetos game. 
She was worried about a video surveillance system on the ship, but still had yet to encounter any opposition, since sneaking on board. It would be Simones luck for her to be being watched, but knowing that the aliens had kept even Severov from venturing inside, made her think that a surveillance system may not have existed, simply because it wasnt necessary. While doing her best to keep her worries at bay, she continued her work. 
Amongst the circle of damaged ships, she found a small, pod shaped vessel, with seemingly intact gun turrets on either side of its canopy. Whether or not they still worked, was still a mystery. There were also other ships that fit that description, but this one was of particular interest to her, because the ships canopy was facing the energy sphere; meaning that the weapons were also facing it. This left her trying to find a way inside the pod, without making too much noise. 
Before searching for an opening or hatch, she decided to try communicating with Marco, knowing that she was very close to possibly ending everything around her with a few quick pulls of a trigger. She pressed a small button on her ear piece and whispered his name. He instantly replied with, Im here. Im here, Simone. Im in a vent shaft. Severov and Phaetos tried to kill me after you left. They found out who we really are. Winston got our DNA on the way here and had it tested. I killed them. I killed them both, Simone. Now the others are on their way to you. They say they know where you are. You have to get out of there.
Something in Marcos voice, made Simone not trust his words. They had spent almost every second of every day together, for the last ten years in preparation for that moment. During that time, they had worked out key phrases and questions that were deeply rooted in their subconscious, in case one of them were ever compromised. Marco, I want you to tell me something, Simone began. Are you alive? 
Meanwhile in the bedroom, Marco had heard Simones question and despite the drugs that were forcing him to act on Phaetoss behalf, he was able to give her the answer she was looking for. He paused for a moment and said, No. No, Im not. Im dead, Simone. Winstons eyes widened, once he heard Marcos words. He turned to Phaetos and screamed, Its fucking code! She knows! She fucking knows! Phaetos then instructed his soldiers to open fire on Marco. Marco was shot twice in the head and killed instantly. 
Simone heard the weapons fire and then a few seconds of static. She then heard Winstons voice. Winston had taken the ear piece and screamed, Listen, you fucking bitch. Im not going to let you ruin everything weve built here. You cant stop my new world from happening. Im going to find you and Im going to fucking turn you into a tasty meal for my friends! 
After Severovs final words, the signal died. Simone ripped the ear bud out of her ear and threw it against the ground. She wept for Marco but continued to search for a way inside the pod. After a few more seconds of scanning the hull, she found a small rusted over hatch that was partially open. Simone got a hold of it and pulled as hard as she could, but it wouldnt move an inch. Finally, she decided it was no longer worth keeping quiet, and she screamed at the top of her lungs, while continuing to pull at the hatch. 
She was then finally able to open it wide enough for her to squeeze inside the pod. She tripped over the hatchway, sending her falling into a hard plastic, oval shaped chair, pressed firmly against the control panels beneath the ships canopy. Simone readjusted herself and sat upright on the awkward seat, facing the control panels. The pods reserve power was fully functional, as it was serving as a power source for the green energy sphere outside. Not recognizing the language on the black screens in front of her, or finding any controls that resembled those of a craft she was more familiar with, she became frustrated and began punching at the brightly lit buttons, beneath the screens. A moment later, the ship vibrated and began to rise off the ground, tugging at the conduits, connecting it to the energy sphere.
Knowing that abruptly separating the ship from the sphere would cause a lot of damage, she noticed that a green holographic display of the ships surroundings had appeared in front of her. Red shapes that resembled arrows had also appeared in the center of the image. She found that when she reached out and touched one of them, the ship would move ever so slightly in the indicated direction. 
Simone was just about to send the ship flying backwards, when she felt two arms violently grab her and pull her away from the controls. She looked over to see that Severov had gotten inside the pod with her. Evidently, the aliens had lifted their quarantined ship story and granted him access to join the pursuit. 
Did you really think it would be so easy?! he screamed in her face, as he repeatedly hit her in the head, while pulling her out of the pod. She landed on the cold metal floor behind the pod, to see Winston standing over her. Phaetos and other human-looking members of the Incomplete were standing behind him with laser rifles drawn. Conveniently, none of the more unpleasant looking members of the species were present for Winston to see. 
You think you know everything, dont you? Simone stuttered, as blood trickled from her mouth and forehead. Dont you see, you fucking lunatic? Look at the writing on the walls! Look at these ships! Theyre not human and they never were! Theres no Starblood here! Theyve just been using you for food, you fucking asshole! 
For a moment, Winston let go of his lust for power and looked over his surroundings. He himself had studied the contents of the Talin at great length and had a formidable understanding of the languages and technology of ancient man. Looking around the room, he was just as baffled as Simone had been, when she had first made her discoveries on the Incomplete ship. 
A moment later, Winston backed away from Simone and turned to face Phaetos, who had its weapon pointed at Winstons head. Is this true? Winston asked. All a lie? I thought you were my friend. I thought you were my only friend. 
Phaetoss stern expression became an emotionless one. Its veil of false feelings was no longer necessary. There was a time when I thought you would be difficult to replace, Phaetos began. But the more members of your race I encounter, the more I realize how easy it will be for us to find another, willing to trade his or her people for the promise of power, it concluded, before firing a blast of green energy into Winstons face. 
Simone screamed in horror, as Winstons decapitated body fell beside her. Phaetos turned back to its soldiers, pointing in Simones direction, and at that moment, she darted back inside the pod. It was still active and ready to fly. 
Once secured in the pilots seat, she pulled the hatch closed and reactivated the navigation projection, she had learned to use earlier. She used the controls to quickly pull away from the energy sphere, causing the ship to separate from the cables that connected them. Simone then allowed the ship to rise high above the sphere, before tilting the ship downwards, aiming its foremost section directly at the glimmering green orb below. 
She continued to look on, as hundreds of aliens poured into the room; some with human characteristics, but most without. Some of them were about to open fire on her with their rifles, but Phaetos instructed them not to do so. Phaetos had another plan in mind. One of its soldiers brought in a long, black spear-like device, with a wide antenna, resembling a satellite dish on its end. Phaetos intended to render Simones ship useless with an electromagnetic pulse, causing it to lifelessly fall to the ground, to the side of the sphere. But Simone wasnt about to give the aliens that chance. She had grown tired of attempting to decipher the ships weapons systems and instead decided to ram into the energy sphere at top speed. 
She quickly raced her finger along the holographic projection, instructing the ship to fly down at the sphere, as fast as it could go. She screamed in anger the entire way down, as tears of agony and despair streamed down her face. A moment later, she was consumed by a bright green flash that triggered an incredible explosion, leaving nothing but a gigantic crater where Aeolis Mons once stood. Her final thoughts were of her family; of Callum, Marco and her parents, and how proud she knew they wouldve been of all her accomplishments; especially her sacrifice.

On March 14th, 2042, ten Mars Arcs entered Martian orbit and awaited Severovs signal. Only the ten pilots and their co-pilots knew the truth of the Mars Mission and the unfortunate fate awaiting their passengers. After three hours of having received no transponder signal, the pilots became nervous and entered their storage compartments, to check on the status of their human cargo. To their surprise, all of the colonists were waking up and getting out of their life pods. The sinister pilots, who had agreed to carry out Severovs orders, were faced with two thousand confused and angry people, demanding answers. 
Prior to their launch, Simone and Marco had learned the identity of every last colonist selected for the trip, and sent pills to their rooms with forged medical documents, supposedly from Winston Severov, instructing them to take them. They were the same pills that Simone and Marco had planned to take, had they journeyed to Mars aboard one of the Arcs. The colonists bound for Mars were never supposed to wake up. But the pills ensured that they would be awakened from their induced comas, regaining consciousness after roughly 14 days, which was the predetermined length of the trip. 
With no landing instructions, or place to land, the pilots orbited Mars for another day, before their secret mission files were discovered by the colonists in the ships computers. The pilots were overmatched and detained, while the colonists did their best to work together to safely land on the planet. They had no choice but to land, because the ships no longer had enough power or supplies, adequate for a return trip. Each ship only had a certain amount of food and water, originally reserved for its pilots. 
Three days later, ten long, cylindrical landing modules touched down near a valley, to the west of the Aeolis Mons crater. Each module was essentially a long stretch of metal casing on wheels, containing the storage compartments from each Arc. A distress call was sent to Earth by the colonists. The two thousand untrained astronauts, were stranded in their metal tubes, praying for some form of salvation. 
Their days were long and filled with great distress and uncertainty. All they knew for sure, was that they had just established the first legitimate human colony on Mars. In the years to come, newly elected world leaders dispatched rescue ships, loaded with supplies, to come to their aid. The terraforming process of Mars was completed in 2147, causing the Red Planet to take on an appearance similar to that of its original form, as Tyrran. 
Eventually, global warming on Earth was reversed by monumental advances in environmental technologies, and the planet became the shining beacon of hope it was meant to be. Earth and Mars served as flourishing home-worlds for the human race, who spent the next several million years living in peace amongst the stars. Mankind became the galaxys ambassadors for peace. It was the destiny that Aia always knew we could one day fulfill.


Epilogue

It was the morning of August 7th, 2025. Winston Severov was sitting in his office on the top floor of the Darkside Facility in Tokyo, Japan. He was casually dressed, as he was on leave and working on his own time. He wore a black short sleeve polo and blue jeans. He puffed a long cigar with one hand and was picking up stacks of papers with the other, anxiously searching for something. After giving up his search for a moment, he got to his feet and partially closed his blinds. The sunlight was blinding that morning and he had little patience for annoyances. He then returned to his desk and was just about to resume his search, when he heard a knock at the door. 
Enter! he shouted, in a frustrated tone. Alexander Mandrake then entered the room, dressed in his formal military attire. Mandrake rolled his eyes at the sight of Winston picking over the top of his desk, like a vulture picking over a dead animal. What are you even doing here? Mandrake asked him. 
Trying to find my remote for the you know what, Winston scoffed, in his barely discernable accent. Why? Mandrake queried. 
There was just one more thing I wanted to review, before my afternoon tee time, Winston answered. It was something I found when I was scrolling through it yesterday and I havent been able to get it out of my mind. 
Im sure whatever it is, can wait. Theres countless billions of files on that thing, Mandrake quietly muttered, as he took a seat in front of Severovs desk. 
Ah hah! Winston exclaimed. Here it is! He raised a black, slender touch screen remote towards the 50 inch flat screen monitor on his wall and turned it on. Four columns of rapidly scrolling ancient text appeared on the screen. Youll never find it, Mandrake said mockingly. Whatever youre looking for, is gone. That shit moves too fucking fast and you can barely read it anyways.
Winston walked over to an end table beneath the monitor, where he found the Talin, glowing yellow from the word characters etched into it. He held three of the symbols together at the same time, which slowed the flow of scrolling text on the monitor. Obviously you never learned how to do that, Winston snapped. He then went back to his seat behind his desk and used his remote to make a menu selection. This is it, Winston boasted with a smile. You should stick around, Alex. You might learn something. 
The file took a few seconds to load.  A moment later, a blurred image of a man appeared frozen on the monitor. Winston was about to play the file, but was interrupted by a pretty young Caucasian woman, with long red hair, entering the room. General Mandrake, she stuttered, before realizing that Severov was also in the room. Oh, Im sorry sir. I didnt realize you were here. I just needed to see Before she could finish, Severov cut her off by simply pointing to the door and shouting, Out! Dont care! Out! 
Yes, sir. Im sorry, she dutifully replied, as she exited the room, quietly closing the door behind her. Who the fuck was that? Winston asked Mandrake. Simone West. New science officer. Pain in the fucking ass, Mandrake answered. Go ahead. Play the footage. Youve got me intrigued. 
I knew I would, Winston said with a smile. He then played the video file, causing the image of the man to come into focus. Alexander recognized the man immediately and asked Winston to pause the file again. What? What the fuck is it now? Winston asked. 
Thats him, isnt it? Mandrake asked, pointing to the screen. He was the leader; the one your Martian friends want. 
Hes called Drellic, Winston boasted. And hes out there right now, just waiting for us. 
You really believe that? Mandrake asked. If I didnt, I wouldnt be saying it, Severov snapped. Hes out there, just waiting for us to pick him up! The Martians say that the ancients were much more nourishing than the cargo weve sent them in the past. If we sent a team of qualified pilots on, lets call it a rescue mission, we could deliver his frozen tuchus to Phaetos and fulfill our end of the bargain, with one single body! 
Dont be nave, Mandrake said sternly. If you give a mouse a cookieWeve been through this before with them. 
Very well. Ill stop being nave, as soon as you stop being counterproductive, Severov snapped. 
Fine. Fuck it. Whatever you say, Winston. Just roll the tape. Is the translator on? Mandrake asked. 
It never wasnt, said Severov.
Winston then anxiously resumed the video feed. Mandrake and Severov watched intently, as Drellic Kail was shown sitting alone on a stone staircase. He was outdoors and the sun was rising over his shoulder. Drellic seemed sad and full of regret. He looked into the device that was filming him at the time, and seemed to be staring lifelessly into Winstons eyes, as he said, I am Drellic Kail. I am the leader of my people and I want you to know the truth. Someone has to know the truth about the war that I started. The war that will claim us all.

THE END






For Siren
Book Three of, The Drellic Saga
Copyright 2013 Michael John Marlinski
ISBN: 9781311835789

















Prologue: Birth of Aia

It was a time when darkness and emptiness yearned for light and matter on an almost conscious level. Circa twenty billion years ago, the entire universe was comprised of merely twelve galaxies. The nature of the initial spark which gave birth to existence is still now and will forever be a mystery. But the twelve spiral galaxies that offered the tiniest glow in the infinite abyss around them, were filled with more organic life and other cosmic wonders than any celestial body in existence today. 
In the brightest corner of creation, amidst the brutal demise of a nameless solar system, Aia was born. Ironically, the destruction of the most abundant source of life in the universe during its time, led to the birth of the most powerful and intelligent sentient being in all of history. It was on that day that a main sequence star with an incredibly unique molecular composition, exploded; leaving ten populated worlds dead in its wake. Days after the super nova, the region was still littered with the dust and rubble left behind by shattered planets, moons and countless asteroids. But in the center of the massive swirl of gray and black, a lonely light flickered against the hauntingly blank canvas. 
The majestic parent star of the destroyed system had left behind a gift to make amends for the great loss of life. A much smaller star-like object had risen from its ashes. But unlike the star thats destruction had given birth to it, this newly formed shining sphere of light was somehow given the gift of self-awareness, as well as the ability to travel at will. 
It began its sentient existence by feeling a single emotion, common in all modern humans. Upon becoming aware of her surroundings, Aia felt a great sadness wash over her, as if the abyss that surrounded her, had decided to smother her with the memories of the countless beings that had fallen as a result of her birth. 
She had traumatic visions of great cities, forests, waterfalls and a variety of creatures; some sentient and some not. Upon searching for meaning in her feelings and the visions that were provoking them, she realized that the great star that had come before her was also self-aware to a certain extent, and she felt an even stronger connection to the past upon making that realization. 
She was learning that the region of space she was occupying had been the setting for great miracles. There had been more life present there, in an area that had stretched merely a few hundred million miles across, than had existed on all other living planets combined in the known ancient universe. 
Several of her years passed by, before she was finally able to leave the dead system behind her. It took her that long to forgive herself for being the cause of the death of countless billions of life-forms. 
She had also developed a great fear of the unknown, as she forced herself to remain trapped within the sea of devastated worlds. In the end, it was an overpowering feeling of loneliness that compelled her to venture out and away from her home region. Aia then found herself on a quest to find a form of life she could at least attempt to communicate with. 
As her journey continued, she began to discover her remarkable abilities. Aia was and still is a living form of energy, like nothing else ever recorded. She found that by merely concentrating on acceleration, she could alter her form and composition, transforming herself into a simple beam of light. This enabled her to travel at the speed of light, but also opened her mind to the possibility of traveling even faster. 
While in light-form, she discovered invisible microscopic parasites that had seeded themselves everywhere she traveled. These mindless creatures appeared to have been spawned by converging clusters of dark matter, and could only survive by being in a constant state of faster than light motion. They achieved these great speeds by bathing themselves in the brightest sources of light they could find. The energy in light itself was the catalyst for the parasites ability to travel faster than it. 
Aia found that she was able to acquire their form and composition with ease, and upon the absorption of the light of the stars in her path, she propelled herself across the twelve galaxies in a matter of weeks. 
Finally, after spotting a sparkling blue gemstone in the heart of the black ocean, she was learning to call home, Aia came to a stop; assuming her original spherical form. She gazed up at a particular planet resting a few million miles above her, as though it were calling to her. She had passed by countless living worlds on her quest, but had never seen something that could project such beauty from so far away. 
The blue orb overhead was special to her, and she could already sense the presence of a reasonably intelligent indigenous species there. She cautiously thrust herself upwards towards the glimmering blue light. 
As she crept closer to the planet, she found two massive, rocky, oval- shaped continents that were adjoined by a small sliver of land in between them. The rest of world was completely covered in liquid water. The gargantuan ocean reflected the light of its nearby parent star, which was responsible for the worlds enchanting blue glow. 
Enraptured by its beauty and longing for companionship, Aia slowly entered the planets atmosphere, causing it to instantly ignite. She quickly retracted herself, but the damage had already been done and was irreversible. 
As remarkably intelligent as she was, she was still in a critical developmental stage, and had yet to master the proper way to land on a planet. The destructive power she had inflicted upon the innocent world below was completely out of her control. 
Aia watched in horror as the atmosphere burned away, leaving the flaming continents and quickly evaporating ocean at the mercy of the vacuum of space. In what felt like an instant, Aia had been responsible for the destruction of a planet she had desired to call home, and the complete annihilation of all the life that dwelled upon it. 
In the very short time she had been alive, she had inadvertently become both a quick and efficient instrument of death. And although she had been born into great sadness and loneliness, her great mistake was forcing her to confront every emotion imaginable at once. 
Aias frustration over her inability to control her great power, eventually drove her to loathe herself. She spent the next several years attempting to make peaceful contact with the universes various sentient inhabitants, only to find that no matter what form of energy she chose to take on, her mere presence always resulted in the near destruction of an entire planet. 
After the first world she visited was destroyed, three more would follow before she eventually learned to sense impending chaos and cease her actions before inflicting any more suffering. 
In a long diminished galaxy at the edge of the ancient universe, there were three living planets residing in a single solar system that were each home to a spacefaring race. The three peoples were very similar in appearance, as they had a common ancestry, and had joined forces to form a ruthless empire of conquerors called, the Gorgull. 
They were a fierce and relentless army of ape-looking creatures, with thick stone-like skin that made it look as though their bodies had been carved from giant boulders. 
Their eyes glowed red with their malicious thirst for blood. Their mouths contained two rows of sharp wolf-like teeth, and when opened, revealed a set of two mandibles on either side, extending nearly twelve inches from their faces.
Word of Aias presence in the area had reached Teir, the ruler of the Gorgull. The idea of a being of light rocketing through the galaxy and destroying planets at will, appealed greatly to his predatory nature. Being the most sadistic of the alpha males in his company, Teir led a fleet of warships on a course to intercept Aia, after monitoring her current trajectory. 
Shortly after their launch, Aia came to a stop at the edge of Gorgull territory, after sensing Tier, as he approached her. At that moment, Aias mind was forced into a stream of thoughts and feelings she could not explain. Tiers pride, anger, hatred and utter need for conquest consumed her. It was the first time she had been close enough to another intelligent being to absorb its consciousness. 
As Teirs influence continued to surge through her, Aia transformed back into the form of the invisible dark matter parasites, allowing her to travel faster than light and arrive instantly before the Gorgull armada, in her original star form. 
She then found herself face to face with Teir, as she came to a stop directly in front of the Gorgull Flagship; a gargantuan spear-shaped piece of rusting metal, with a thick glass window at the top of a tall steel pillar on the ships topside. Aia glowed brightly as she peered through the window to find Tiers haunting gaze watching her from the other side. 
Suddenly, Aia found that being in Teirs presence was enhancing her reception of his essence, to the point of it being able to ravage her energy based composition. It was yet another sensation she was completely unfamiliar with, and by the time it finished running its course, Tier found himself staring into a mirror. 
From within his dark, noisy, crowded, smoky bridge compartment, Tier saw that the glowing white orb outside had been replaced by an identical copy of himself. 
It was the first time Aia had ever transformed into a carbon based life-form. At the time, she couldnt comprehend what she had just done or appreciate the implications of it. She only knew that her transformation had provoked a powerful sense of fear, coming from inside the several warships that had come to surround her. 
From what she had gathered about the Gorgull, it mustve been their first experience with true terror in some time. 
Aia then looked on from behind her fabrication of Teirs frightening gaze, as the authentic Tier screamed with rage and ordered his fleet to fire on Aias position. The ships fired rapid bursts of dark yellow energy, causing Aia to revert back to her original star form, once the blasts made contact with her. 
She then found that with each impact, her natural energy form grew stronger and larger. She could feel a liquid embrace originating from the center of her being. The sensation was intoxicating and was causing her to develop physical mass for the first time. 
The liquid then instantaneously converted into a spiraling stream of hydrogen atoms, which gained incredible speed and continued to grow until they had coursed their way through every last inch of her being. The hydrogen atoms then began to converge, causing radiating bursts of helium based energy. 
The Gorgull attack had transformed Aia into a main sequence star, very similar to her parent star. But unlike all other known stars in the universe, Aias consciousness was still the dominating factor within the stars structure and had grown even more influential over the elements in her surroundings.
During the first few years of her life, she had learned the most important lesson she would ever learn about herself. Her deeply rooted need to seek out life had become a great sense of responsibility for it. Aias chief principle was the belief in the unmatched sacredness of life, and her responsibility to protect it with the incredible powers she had been endowed with.
The Gorgull were a race of blood thirsty savages that raced through the cosmos like an infectious disease, destroying everything and everyone in their path. Aia despised the very idea of their existence, but could not eradicate them without violating her own sacred principles.
Instead, she used her gravitational influence to keep Tiers fleet close by, until she could find a way to safely do what she knew needed to be done. Tier was trapped in orbit around Aia for months, before she had finally found a way to use her power to safely manipulate the physical universe around her, and cause no further fatalities.
Aia then seemed to explode in a burst of blinding light, which blanketed the Gorgull fleet. Moments later, Aia, along with all of Tiers warships were transformed into beams of light, causing them to instantly arrive back in orbit around their three home-worlds. 
It had become clear to Aia that the Gorgull could no longer be allowed to be a spacefaring people. Knowing that the presence of a second massive star would bring about cataclysmic events in Tiers solar system, Aia chose to take on the form of a much larger version of one of Tiers spear-shaped ships. She found that she was able to duplicate Tiers ship exactly, down to the smallest and most intricate mechanisms. She then used her energy turrets to force the fleet to land on their respective planets. 
Once satisfied that the Gorgull had been scared into hiding, Aia cast a wave of energy over their three worlds.
Using her knowledge of the dark matter parasites, she willed the energy ribbon to act in the same fashion, but to feed on the electric currents that Teirs people used to power their ships, weapons and cities. The Gorgull were then stranded on their home-worlds for the remainder of their existence. The people were never able to harness electricity again. Nor were they ever able to develop a suitable substitute. 
After finding peace in the knowledge that she had spared their lives, while saving the lives of countless other races that wouldve fallen at Tiers hands, Aia left Gorgull territory and continued onward towards what she hoped would be brighter horizons. 
Another decade of exploration would follow, before Aia found something of a home in a galaxy she called, Eizenfar. After years of studying the billions of different languages spoken throughout creation, she developed her own language in her mind, which helped her immensely with the arrangement of her thoughts. 
In the modern human tongue, Aias word, Eizenfar translates to quiet soul. She chose to give her new home galaxy this name, because amongst the twelve galaxies, the one she had chosen was the most sparsely populated.
It was home to only three living worlds out of the hundreds of billions of stars and planets existing therein; a curious choice for a being who had chosen to dedicate their life to seeking out and protecting life. 
But at that point in her evolution, Aia had mastered her ability to morph into any form she sampled, as well as her ability to manipulate energy; including her own. The mistakes of her early days were never again repeated. She had spent the last ten years coming and going from dozens of inhabited worlds without leaving behind a single casualty. But of all her wondrous talents, there was one possibility that peeked her interest above all others. 
Aia had made a home in Eizenfar in order to use it as an experimental setting. Her great experiment was to be the manifesting of living planets and both sentient and non-sentient indigenous life for those planets. 
She was already looked upon as a god or goddess, depending on the physical forms she took when visiting naturally formed worlds and peoples. But after listening to the words of dozens of young speaking life-forms, as they proceeded to worship her every move and thought, she began to question the merit of their beliefs. 
Races across the universe perceived her to be an omnipotent deity from a mythical land, sent to cleanse their worlds and minds of all things immoral or impure. The majority of them also believed her to be their sole creator upon her arrival. The fact that their underdeveloped minds immediately jumped to that conclusion, made Aia wonder about the possibility of one day being able to create such life herself. Throughout her journey through space, she had witnessed the natural effects of energy on physical matter in every corner of creation. Aia also believed that the universe mustve been spawned from a single point of origin; perhaps by a powerful and unique energy source similar to her own composition. But in all her searching, she never found any evidence of a probable birthplace for the twelve galaxies. 
Determined to harness and manipulate the molecules necessary to begin her work in Eizenfar, she made it her sole mission, to take an almost lifeless galaxy and transform it into a place so abundant with life, that it would completely overshadow the amount of life she had destroyed in her home region.
Using her ability to break down into the form of the fast moving dark matter parasites, she used that unique perspective on space to become well acquainted with wayward quarks. 
Upon examining the quarks individually, she was amazed at how much energy each one contained. She used the momentum of her microscopic parasitic form to coral them and draw them into a large void in the galaxy.
It was then that the natural order began to take place before her. She resumed her true form as a powerful main sequence star, in order to keep the trillions upon trillions of quarks from straying away. She marveled at the way they seemed to automatically understand their purpose, as if they possessed a self-awareness similar to hers. 
They converged and bonded to form atoms. The atoms then combined to form molecules and by that time, Aia was already using her own projected energy, to make copies of the naturally formed molecules, organelles and maturing cells. 
The naturally evolved building blocks of Aias first planet were being combined with perfect replications, in order to complete the process faster, without having to gather more resources from elsewhere. 
After months of molecular manipulation, as well as the manipulation of both solid and liquid matter, two living worlds had been formed and were in stable elliptical orbits around Aia. They were placed at a distance suitable for life, and were modeled after the first planet Aia had destroyed on her own, shortly after her birth. 
The two worlds were given two identical and massive rocky continents above sea level, while the rest of their surfaces were covered in a seemingly endless ocean of beautiful blue water. 
The two great oceans in space sparkled beneath Aias light. Aia had developed quite a fondness for water and made sure that she would have plenty to perceive, while she worked to deposit plant, animal and sentient life on her new planets. 
Before long, the super continents shimmered a dark green color beneath her rays, as they had become the foundations for tropical rainforests that stretched across every inch of rock above sea level. 
The great forests evolved into suitable dwellings for creatures that could slither, crawl, walk and fly. While the gargantuan oceans became the home of mammoth sea serpents, creatures with slimy black and dark blue tentacles, resembling octopi, and enchantingly beautiful and colorful finned fish-like creatures. 
The smaller organisms resembling tropical fish, were merely a food source for the larger more grotesque ocean dwellers, once all was said and done. But Aia had gone out of her way to establish an efficient ecosystem on both worlds. Only the strong survived, but the meek they hunted were endowed with greater fertility to ensure the long term survival of every species. 
As the guardian of two treasure troves of life, one task remained before she could consider her great experiment to be complete. Aia had been born with a natural ability to immediately comprehend and evaluate her surroundings. Her parent star had somehow transferred a wealth of knowledge onto her at the very moment of her conception. This made her determined to endow her first sentient creation with the same intelligence. 
Then, as if by the wave of a magic wand, a sudden burst of Aias creativity caused the birth of a mysterious race of radically skillful intellectuals. They inhabited both worlds in equal numbers within a matter of hours. And although they were land dwellers, they developed a fascination with the monsters of the sea so powerful, that it inspired their organic spacefaring technology, thousands of years later. 
Their true name and physical form continue to remain a mystery, but upon taking to the stars with living ships resembling the giant sea serpents and squids of their home-worlds, they were finally introduced to Aia. 
Thousands of years of perfecting her control over energy, gave Aia the ability to essentially split in two, leaving behind a main sequence star for the planets she had created. Her consciousness traveled in a newborn star-like entity that she used as a vessel, with which to introduce herself to her sentient children. 
After finally appearing to them, she used a telepathic language that her people had created themselves, and taught them about their true origins.
Although they had developed sizable egos, due to their rapid development and great accomplishments, they were instantly humbled by the knowledge that the parent star they had been staring at and had taken for granted throughout their history, was a conscious being that had been watching their every move all along. 
Learning that the same entity they saw in their skies every day was also responsible for their creation, was even more of a disturbing reality for them. 
By the time the truth settled in, they were left only with questions about their purpose. Knowing she had diminished their pride, Aia bestowed upon them the destiny she had always intended for them. She told them that they were born into a lifeless void for an important reason. 
As she had been blessed with the ability to create life, so had her children. Aia explained to her children, that they were intended to continue her work throughout Eizenfar, by using their extensive knowledge and remarkable organic technology to populate the galaxy with all forms of life. 
But Aia also believed in the importance of free will. She decided to give her people a choice and to leave the decision up to a majority vote. They were told they could either fulfill their intended purpose, or choose their own path. 
It was the combination of a growing fear of Aia and a burning curiosity about the unknown, which drove the vast majority to vote to introduce an abundance of living planets and other organisms into Eizenfar. It was a decision that would later make them known throughout creation as the Architects. 
As their journey progressed, the Architects recovered their pride, along with their egos, and became infatuated with the challenge of cultivating planets and designing organisms fit to live on them. 
One day, Aia followed them, in the form of a single beam of light to a lonely star, unfit to support organic life. Without a natural ability to manipulate molecules, the Architects were taught to use both their organic and mechanical technology to conduct their own experiments on the seemingly useless star. 
It was the first time Aia had chosen to deny their children guidance. Having learned about Aias own composition while in her main sequence star form, the Architects altered the composition of the star before them, converting it into a nearly perfect replica of their mother. 
Two living planets were soon created and left to orbit the star, complete with large bodies of water, a large quantity of vegetation and non-sentient animal life. 
Aia had also chosen not to interfere with the design of the single sentient organism intended for the new worlds.
By that time, the Architects had already formulated a plan to deposit both a formidable and intelligent race of mammals onto both planets, in the same fashion Aia had split the Architect species between two worlds, thousands of years before. 
Shortly after the creation of the planets, their grassy meadows were littered with thousands of slimy white oval-shaped cocoons. The oozing, pulsating incubators had fallen from the skies, after being launched from the pores of the giant black tentacles, of the Architects infamous Planet Farmers. These were the giant octopi-like ships, used by the Architects to genetically engineer life. 
After crash landing onto the surface of their new home with a series of loud thuds, the cocoons began to automatically break apart, unbinding the confused pale adult mammals inside. 
It was on that morning twenty billion years ago, that mankind saw their first sunrise. Pale adult men and women, still covered in the slimy white discharge from their synthetic wombs, stood naked, shivering in cold pastures and atop snow- capped mountains. 
They gazed up at the sun, not knowing its purpose, but longing for its warmth and embrace. They quivered with fear like children yearning for their mothers touch.
Aia marveled at the humans, finally feeling that her destiny had been fulfilled. From her invisible place in the cosmos, she watched as the Architects left their creations behind to develop on their own, as she had requested. 
They left the region together, but not before Aia took one last look at mankind from the perspective of a wayward beam of light. From high above the new planets, later known by their sentient inhabitants as Siren and Tyrran, she looked into the eyes of man and saw hope. 

This is an accurate account of the creation of ancient man in the time of the ancient verse, as it has been explained to me by my source. My story is nearly complete. It has been one million years since Drellic returned to Siren (Earth) in the early 21st century and nearly destroyed our race. 
Now, here I sit, a simple traveler and journalist; listening to the most amazing tale I have ever heard. Nearly all has been revealed. All that remains is the authentic biography of Drellic, which I am told I am now allowed to hear. 
This is it. I have told the story up until now as instructed. 
Now, I wait to taste my final meal before being silenced on this subject. I set out on a journey across uncharted space to conduct this interview and bring this story to light. 

Now, as I sit back in my booth, in this strange interstellar diner, staring intently across the table at my overwhelming companion, I can only hope for one thing; that you are as excited about reading these next few hundred pages of text, as I am about writing them.    
The Narrator
The Spiral Times


Part One: The Kails
Chapter One

Five billion years later, Drellic Kail was born on the fifth floor, in the north wing of Kail House. Kail House was a large stone mansion, resembling a medieval castle from modern mans Renaissance period, and was located in a heavily wooded area just outside of Faul City; the capital of the planet, Tyrran. 
Drellics mother, Syll Kail, was lying on her back, screaming and writhing in pain upon the dark red heirloom quilt, draped over her long master bed. Her bare legs were spread apart and bent at her knees at the foot of the bed, as a pale, elderly Caucasian man with trembling fingers and a nervous face, dripping with sweat, was standing before her. 
It was the Kail family doctor, who reached out from behind his bloodstained gray rubber apron and took hold of the newborn child, finally exposed to the outside world after receiving one last forceful push from his mother. 
Its a boy, the doctor said softly, as he raised the child high enough for his exhausted mother to see. The infants pearl colored skin shimmered in the sunlight, as Syll cried tears of joy upon seeing her sons face for the first time. 
Syll was an extremely pale Caucasian with delicate cream colored skin and shoulder length brown hair. And while she appeared completely drained of life, it was the normal complexion for the people of that region, at that time. 
Syll struggled to sit up, as a pale, elderly maid dressed in a formal black gown, hurried to her bed side to reposition the stack of pillows behind her head. Syll then leaned back, pressing the pillows against the large wooden headboard. The doctor then placed Drellic back onto the bed and lightly gripped his umbilical cord. 
Where is his father to cut the cord? the doctor asked Syll.
You know as well as I do that he cannot be bothered, Syll whispered, still weary from giving birth. 
She glanced over at the long white curtains to her right that separated the master bedroom from the outdoor balcony. The maid scoffed, rolled her eyes and quickly walked towards the curtains as they fluttered in the cool breeze. 
Asha. Dont, Syll rasped to her from the bed. 
Nonsense, muttered the maid as she brushed passed the doctor. He values his name more than his own son. It isnt right.
Asha, the oldest of the maids at Kail House, stormed onto the stone balcony overlooking the maze of bushy trees leading to the Faul City skyline. There, she found Morn Kail, Drellics father and chief advisor to the Emperor of Tyrran. 
Morn, an elderly Caucasian man, nearly thirty years older than his wife, was standing at the edge of the balcony, while staring intently at the Faul City skyscrapers on the horizon. 
Startled by Ashas abrupt entrance, he turned to her, gave her a cold gaze and said, I asked not to be disturbed.
Oh, Im so sorry. How foolish of me, Asha replied sarcastically. I just thought you might be interested in seeing your newborn son!
Morns eyes widened with disapproval as he flicked his long gray hair back over his shoulders and approached Asha. His military uniform consisting of a black jacket and matching pants, golden status bars on his shoulders and heavy black combat boots, made him appear even more authoritative and intimidating; the ringed circles, the ancient symbol of unity between Siren and Tyrran, also displayed proudly on his shoulders.
He stopped inches from her trembling lips and looked down into her frightened face with his chilling green eyes. Morn stood eight and a half feet tall, making him six inches taller than Asha. She then stared up at him, attempting to mask her fear by keeping her own stern look of disapproval intact. But it was of no use. Morn knew all too well that he was feared by all in his house, including his own wife, to a certain extent. 
His pale wrinkled jaw then dropped in front of Ashas eyes, as his cracked lips parted ways to say, It was Syll who chose to remain in the dark about Drellic. But I knew his gender, name and destiny, nine months ago. I also knew he would be born perfectly healthy before you even woke up this morning. Do not tell me my business. Im sure that my heir is in perfect condition and that he will ensure that the Kail name will continue to be synonymous with leadership, long after I am gone. 
Morn then turned his back on Asha and ordered her to leave him, before returning to the edge of the balcony to continue looking upon the city. Asha was deeply saddened by Morns complete lack of interest in Drellics first moments in the world, but dutifully returned to Sylls side in the master bedroom. 
It was the day Morn was scheduled to stand before the Tyrran High Council. The current Emperor of Tyrran was the last of his bloodline, and the council was on the verge of deciding whether or not the Kail name would be the next to govern the planet. Knowing that decades of political ascension through hard work and determination were about to pay off for him, Morn wasnt about to let Drellics birth distract him from his sacred mental preparations. 
Syll resented Morns lifestyle from time to time, but knew all too well what she would be undertaking by marrying him. In the end, she always loved him regardless and was proud to be his wife. Syll also believed that political corruption would ensue in the capital, if Morn was not appointed Emperor. This forced her to make a habit of obediently removing herself from his minds eye when she knew it was necessary. 
After gazing out at the gleaming Delendra Tower at the center of downtown Faul for several more minutes, Morn quietly retreated back to the stone wall that separated the balcony from the master bedroom. He then crept along the wall and stopped at the long flowing white curtains hanging in the open doorway. Morn then discretely moved one of the curtains to the side, giving him a clear view of his wife holding their newborn son against her chest, while gently rocking him back and forth. 
Drellics cries echoed throughout Kail House, sending a chill down Morns spine. Morn couldnt help but be a part of that moment, despite the hypocrisy his actions implied. A single tear streamed down his right cheek, as he remained silent and continued to stay out of sight. He dared not show such emotional frailty, to even his own family, on the day of his appearance in the royal court; or ever for that matter. 
It was early morning in Faul City and Morn was mere hours away from facing the Emperor. His nerves were beginning to paralyze him. His heart rate was increasing, as he began to take short panicky breaths. It was a side of him that he had managed to keep a secret from even Syll for the twenty years they had been husband and wife. 
As he felt himself becoming entranced by his anxiety, amidst being captivated by the sight of his child, he quickly tore himself away from the doorway and returned to the railing at the opposite side of the balcony. He then clung to the cold rusting steel with both hands and returned his gaze to Delendra Tower. 
As his eyes followed the sleek, silver spear-like structure up to its summit, he noticed a bright flickering light that was blinding to look at, as it was just beside the shining sun in the Tyrran sky. The faraway flicker resembling an extinguishing candle, meant that Emperor Xene Covlar had returned. 
On the highest level of Delendra Tower, enclosed one mile above the surface of the planet, was a massive circular platform, lined with tall metal stanchions, that was in a constant state of rapid circular motion. 
The platform functioned as a stabilizer, which confined a miniature singularity within its boundaries; a comparatively tiny tear in space and time.
The chamber, known as, The Emperors Gate, was linked via the wormhole, to an identical chamber, atop an identical tower, on the surface of neighboring planet, Siren. In short, it was an inter-dimensional transit system, capable of instantaneously transporting diplomats between the two worlds. 
Covlars return meant that Morns appearance would be the next item on his list of appointments. He took a deep breath, composed himself, wiped the tears from his face, and authoritatively entered the master bedroom.
Upon his entry, an abrupt silence fell over the entire house. Even baby Drellic, had instantly stopped crying upon seeing his father for the first time. Syll, Drellic, Asha and the family doctor just nervously stared at Morns then cold and stern facial expression. 

Its time, Morn said, as he looked into his wifes eyes. 
She died a little inside at that moment, realizing that Drellic would never be introduced to his father the way she had envisioned it. Nevertheless, Syll remained strong and gave her husband the slightest of nods, indicating that she both understood and supported his actions. 
After that brief, seemingly heartless acknowledgment between the Kails, Morn brushed passed Asha and the doctor without so much as a kind word, or even a glance in their direction. He then left the room and prepared to depart for the city. 
Asha was noticeably offended, but had also become accustomed to Morns ways over her many years of service. Realizing that it was impossible to change Morns mind about anything, she returned to Sylls side, as if he had never been there.
Why is he called Drellic? Asha asked Syll, as the doctor stepped away. Its such an obsolete name, isnt it? I thought only angry, belligerent generals in history books went by that name. 
It was his grandfathers name; Morns father, Syll replied. Morn insisted upon it. Drellic Kail the 1st, was murdered by insurgents on Siren, while under Xull Covlars orders; the Emperors father. This is why the House of Covlar must be removed from power. The Emperor comes from a long line of warmongers. Had it not been for that bastard family, there would be no insurgency. And when Morn is gone, the name Drellic Kail will finally be inscribed into the throne, though it will have been long overdue.
Asha was inspired by the conviction with which Syll spoke, as she proudly held baby Drellic, then wrapped in a light blue swaddling blanket. Syll raised the child close to her face and lightly kissed him on his forehead. 
Drellic hadnt made a sound since his father had first entered the room. Both Syll and Asha took note of that immediately. They perceived it as a sign that Drellic had inherited a natural respect for Morn; making him an ideal Kail. 
As the mid-afternoon came, Syll left Drellic in Ashas care, while she slowly made her way to the edge of the stone balcony outside the master bedroom. A loud whirring sound was heard from the trees below. She looked down over the railing to see a bright orange transport, quickly gliding over the winding dirt path that stretched from Kail House all the way to the Faul city limits. It was a small and sleek ship, shaped like a missile with a tiny wing on each side of its hull. 
As it sped off into the distance, a blue haze was left in its wake from the bright energy exhaust emitted from its stern. It was Morns shuttle, carrying him to Delendra Tower. 
Make it all worth it, Syll coldly whispered to the ship, as it quickly disappeared into the trees. Make all of this go away.



Chapter Two

Morn Kails shuttle came to a stop at the foot of a tall steel staircase, leading to Delendra Towers main entrance. A swinging side hatch opened, allowing him to step out onto the black concrete road beneath the hovering ship. As soon as he came to a strong stance beside the ship, the hatch automatically closed behind him and the shuttle sped away into the busy downtown area across from the tower. 
As he watched his transport disappear into a chaotic sea of other hover crafts of various shapes and sizes, weaving through a web of steel skyscrapers and stone monuments, he took a deep breath and began to ascend the stairs before him.
A minute later, he reached the top and was greeted by Lurge, an incredibly strong and fearless cyborg in the Emperors employ. Lurges hands were the only parts of his body that had remained completely comprised of his original organic tissue, after an energy grenade launched by the insurgency had destroyed half of his body, years earlier. 
The sight of his hands indicated that his skeleton was at one time covered with strong olive colored skin, though slightly pale, as was common for ancient humans. He stood six inches taller than Morn, and extended his bulky right arm; covered in interwoven, multicolored wires and circuits, in order to shake Morns hand. 
Morn reluctantly took hold of Lurges human hand, which when triggered by Lurges synthetic nervous system, produced an unnecessarily tight grip. But Morn remained stern and steadfast, not allowing Lurge to see the great pain the handshake had caused him. 
Lurge released Morn then scanned his retinas with his gleaming blue mechanical eyes, in order to ensure that he was not a synthetic imposter sent by the insurgency, who had the ability to produce such elaborate and authentic looking copies of citizens. The faint blue light was emitted from two metallic discs that were embedded in all that remained of the olive skin on his face. The inside of Lurges mouth appeared human enough, but his lips were seemingly stapled to his cheeks by thin metal fibers that stretched the corners of his mouth onto the sides of his face. 
A quiet humming sound vibrated his jaw when he spoke the words, Master Kail, youre right on schedule. The Emperor will see you now, with a low pitched raspy voice. 
Morn nodded as Lurge stepped aside, allowing him to step through the narrow rectangular doorway leading into Delendras main foyer. Lurge followed closely behind him, as their loud footsteps echoed off of the walls of the large, rounded white stone room, from the black marble floor beneath them. 
Upon reaching the center of the foyer, Morn tilted his head back and gazed up at the hollow center of Delandra Tower. The cylindrical shaft began just a few feet above his head and extended a full mile up, connecting it to the Gate Chamber on the top level. The shafts walls were lined with multicolored electrical conduits and small black boxes called grounders that formed a solid black ring at each of the towers numbered level markers. 
Occasionally, a wayward burst of energy resembling a bolt of lightning, would slowly dance its way down the shaft and towards the foyer, before being instantly stopped and diminished by one of the black rings. Morn was staring up into the shaft at the exact moment one such occurrence was taking place. Lurge waited emotionlessly behind him, as Morn found himself captivated by a group of sparkling electrical streams. They slowly crawled down towards him in perfect unison, as if they were part of the same spider-like organism, before being consumed by the grounders.
He is waiting, Lurge said impatiently. 
Morn let out a lengthy exhale, before turning to him and giving the slightest of nods. Then without any further delay, Lurge raised his right hand to the right side of his neck. He then located a small black disc with a small flickering blue light at its center. Lurge firmly pushed down on the disc, which turned off the flickering light and also sent the device nearly a full inch into his oily skin. He remained silent and still, while appearing to be in no pain. 
Morn squinted at the circular wound in Lurges neck, as he spotted a slimy black discharge, slowly oozing out from the device Lurge had pushed inside of himself. Morn had been a part of this routine dozens of times, but had never been able to ignore the urge to vomit upon seeing the way Lurge was forced to treat his already mangled body. 
Two transparent tubes of white light then descended from high inside the electrical shaft and encapsulated Morn and Lurge. They were then propelled upwards at an incredible velocity and arrived at the very top of the tower, seconds later. 
The white light then pushed them forward, through a wide rectangular opening in the electrical shaft. They levitated just a few inches over the dark red carpeting of the narrow hallway inside, before the light vanished, causing Morn and Lurge to drop to the floor of the Emperors Gate Chamber. 
They walked several feet down the narrow hallway, as the sound of the spinning metal stanchions that surrounded the swirling wormhole before them, was becoming deafening. 
Morn could see that the singularity at the center of the stabilizer chamber was reflecting the colors of its surroundings; casting a faint glow of blood red from the carpeting, gleaming silver from the stanchions, and a small sliver of black. The black sliver slid across the face of the wormhole like a slithering snake, and was eventually revealed to be a shadow, cast by Emperor Covlars black military uniform. 
Covlar then stepped in front of the chamber, revealing himself to Morn and Lurge. As he crept closer to them, the black sliver imprinted on the wormhole, shrank and eventually dissolved, leaving a swirl of shimmering silver and dark red, dancing behind him. 
The Emperor was a tall slender man, standing at nearly nine feet tall. His bright blue eyes glistened in the light from the glowing lamps lining the walls of the hallway. His skin was the palest shade of white Morn had ever seen on a person from the region. 
As he was a man in his mid-nineties, wrinkles covered his face and pale boney hands, and a few hundred thin strands of white hair were all that remained on his peeling scalp. 
Covlar staggered towards Morn, piercing him with a cold gaze that Morn could find no reason for. After running his fingers along the wall for a few seconds, Covlar came across a long wooden cane that had been resting there waiting for him. He gripped it tightly, as he came to a stop, inches away from Morn. 
The might of the people, Morn said dutifully as he bowed his head.
It was the traditional thing to say when in the presence of Tyrrans highest leader, as the Emperors house was looked upon as the sole representative of the strength of the Tyrranese people. 
The might of the people, Covlar repeated, sarcastically. What an ironic thing to say now, since I am the last of my kin and am forced to live out my remaining days in this decaying shell of filth. Then again, I suppose that is why youre here, he coldly added.
I certainly meant no disrespect, Morn assured him with a slight stutter. I only wished to convey my admiration for your family, as I have always done. 
Covlar remained silent, while piercing every inch of Morns flesh with his nightmarish gaze. He appeared to be scanning Morn from head to toe, in a means more mechanical than even Lurge was capable of. 
A moment later, Covlar turned to Lurge and said, Leave us. This no longer concerns you. 
Lurge bowed his head and retreated back to the opening from which he and Morn had first appeared in the Gate Chamber. Covlar and Morn looked on, as Lurge was once again encapsulated by brilliant white light and pulled down to the lower levels of the tower. 
Morn hesitantly looked back at Covlar, who appeared less than appreciative of Morns presence to say the least. 
Is there something wrong, Your Excellency? Morn quietly asked. 
Morns typical authoritative tone and presence had both become non-existent since he entered the tower that morning. 
In response, Covlar lifted his cane and slammed it against the red carpet. The abrupt thud caused a powerful echo to briefly engulf the walls of the room, and then close in around them like a tightening noose. 
Such innocent words, from a cowardly two-faced man, who would dare accuse my family of being warmongers! Covlar screamed.
Morn was beginning to panic, as he noticed that Covlars loud insinuations were causing tiny ripples to form in the Gate Chambers event horizon, behind him. 
I beg your pardon, Morn gasped, as he took a step back away from Covlars sudden demonic presence. 
A moment later, the room darkened and a small orb of blue light appeared, hovering in mid-air between the Emperor and his frightened subject. The orb gradually increased in size and then converted itself into a rectangular monitor.
Both Morn and Covlar looked on as the holographic screen displayed a conversation between Morn and his wife that had taken place days earlier. After seeing the time stamp and hearing the first few words uttered by his angry spouse, Morn realized that he had all but lost any hope of bringing the throne of Tyrran to Kail House. 
During the conversation Morn was being forced to relive, Syll had stated that the Covlar family was responsible for the rise of the insurgency and were also at fault for every major dispute on Tyrran for the last three hundred years. Morn was shown to have agreed with his wifes statement and he had also vowed to put an end to the corruption that had divided the people. 
After every last ill word about the Emperors house had been uttered, the image dissolved and the lighting in the room returned to normal. 
You dont have the right to even stand within these walls, Kail, Covlar rasped, as he coughed a few times to clear his throat. 
I havent shared this with anyone else and I dont intend to. Out of respect for your family, specifically your newborn son, I will keep your slanderous words between us, in order to ensure that Drellic Kail the 2nd will be able to have at least some kind of future.
Morn was still partially frightened by Xene Covlars presence, but it was the Emperors arrogance and audacity that were beginning to anger Morn and reignite his courage. 
I think that would be wise, Morn said confidently. Considering that what you have done is illegal according to the laws of your own house. Youve violated both my privacy and my familys right to free speech. If you made that video public, you would only be condemning yourself to further ridicule.
Covlar became even more enraged. He struck Morn across the face with his cane, knocking him to the floor with a bleeding gash on his left cheek. 
What was that, Kail?! Covlar screamed. Have you forgotten yourself? Need I remind you that my family has owned this planet since long before you were born! The vast majority of its citizens are willing to live and die by my command. So, do not presume to speak to me as if we are equals! 
Upon hitting the floor, Morn was no longer concerned with minding his tongue. 
Careful, Emperor, Morn said, as he got back to his feet. Even the most skilled of your geneticists and physicians say you have less than a month to live. Are you certain your heart can handle this much strain? 
Get out! Covlar screamed at the top of his lungs. Get out and never come back! You are no longer welcome here! Neither this holy tower nor my house will ever see your face or the face of any Kail again! 
Morn slowly backed away from Covlar and prepared to return to the base of the tower, knowing he had failed his family. 
Understand this, Morn Kail! the Emperor continued. Your family will never see the throne of Tyrran! Never! Your father paid the price for defying my house. Do not repeat his great mistake!
Morn was just about to retreat into the central shaft of the tower, before hearing Covlars last words to him. His eyes widened, as he turned back to the Emperor. He had quickly slipped on a pair of black leather gloves, hed pulled from his pocket, before turning completely around. 
In that instant, he became fearless and selfless. Nothing would prevent him from learning the truth of what he had so long suspected. 
What did you just say? Morn asked in an irate tone. 
You heard me, Covlar boasted. And youve always known the truth. Now, here I stand with mere weeks left to my life. The Covlar reign is over. So, why shouldnt the truth be known to a delinquent like yourself? Drellic Kail the 1st was not a casualty of war. He was a casualty of his own stupidity!
Did you murder my father, you unconscionable snake? Morn asked, as he quickly walked towards Covlar. 
The Emperor remained silent for a moment. 
You started this! Now, answer my question! Morn screamed
I wasnt the only one, Covlar answered. I, too had to take a test of sorts, to prove that I was worthy of the throne. Your father betrayed his government and decided that the insurgency was more morally just than his own Emperor. It was my father who presented Drellic Kail to me as a prisoner, guilty of treason. And as you know quite well, treason is punishable by the death penalty. Making your father appear to be a martyr was simply the most efficient way to inspire a timely retaliation against our enemies. 
And you dared to be offended when I first called you a warmonger? Morn gasped; his eyes filled with bitterness. Your actions make that a gross understatement, and you have never been worthy of our people. Your father made you a monster, Xene. And as you know quite well, theres only one thing to be done with a monster.
Morn lunged at Covlar, catching him off guard. Covlar landed on his back, allowing Morn to pin him to the ground. Before the Emperor had a chance to defend himself, Morn locked his hands around his throat and squeezed as hard as he could. 
Covlar thrashed around while gasping for air. He kicked his legs against the floor for several seconds, before passing out from oxygen deprivation. Morn then released him and picked up the Emperors cane. He repeatedly bashed Covlar in the face and temple with it, until the carpet was soaked with blood and Covlars face was unrecognizable. 
As far as Morn knew, he and the Emperor had been alone in the Gate Chamber the entire time. Not knowing if Covlar had managed to alert security, Morn ran to the chamber entrance and used a square keypad to the right of the giant rectangular opening to seal it, with a thick sheet of metal that slid down from the top of the opening. He then darted back to Covlars body, knowing what he had to do in order to ensure he would ever see his family again. 
He used all of his strength to lift the Emperor and carry him over his shoulder towards the spinning Gate Chamber. Upon detecting Covlars DNA, the metal stabilizers that surrounded the wormhole stopped spinning, immediately. Morn then carried Covlar up to the confined singularity and hurled him into the event horizon with all of his might, sending the Emperor to the Gate Chamber on Siren. 
Seconds later, Morn heard the sound of the giant metal door opening behind him. He peered down the hallway to see Lurge entering the chamber, alone. Lurges mechanical arms stretched behind his back and he pulled a long barrel shaped energy weapon out from a holster connected to his protruding metal spinal column. 
Morn then thought to greatly exaggerate his injuries. He slowly hobbled towards Lurge, while holding his cheek, where the Emperor had struck him with his cane. 
I tried to stop him! Morn called out to Lurge. 
On the off chance Lurge hadnt been witness to any incriminating security footage, Morn had quickly prepared an alibi for himself. Lurge had yet to fire his weapon, which gave Morn hope for his survival. 
What happened here? Where is the Emperor? Lurge asked, while keeping his weapon aimed directly at Morns chest. 
I tried to stop him, Morn answered, while pretending to be out of breath. He told me that the real reason he wanted to see me was to ask for my help in assassinating Sirens Prime Minister. He just went through the gate with a bomb! 
Morn then quickly glanced back at the gate, which had resumed its spin cycle.
What are you talking about? Your vital signs indicate that you are lying. Where is the Emperor? Lurge asked, after a detailed scan of Morns voice and heart rate. 
I just told you! Morn screamed. He knows he only has weeks left to live! He doesnt care anymore! He just went back to Siren with a fucking bomb!
Lurge remained silent for a moment, then raised his weapon, aiming it at Morns temple. A moment later, Lurges metallic glowing blue eyes began to flicker. 
Reviewing security footage. If you have in any way harmed the Emperor, you will be terminated immediately. Stay where you are, Lurge commanded. 
Morn was then frozen with fear, with his back to the spinning Gate Chamber and a powerful energy weapon pointed at his skull. 
Youve failed us, Lurge! Morn then yelled as loudly as he could. 
Lurge was abruptly paralyzed by the sound of Morns words. A strange look of fear and confusion came over his face, as he lowered his weapon with his trembling hand.
What did you say? Lurge gasped, while beginning to take quick panicky breaths. 
Morn then approached Lurge without hesitation and boldly proclaimed, Youve failed your people, Lurge! You are no longer an adequate protector of the state! 
Once those last words had been uttered, Lurge nervously looked down at the metal gears and levers, which he could see beneath the web of multi-colored wires that covered his right arm. They had suddenly begun to move on their own and were no longer under the control of Lurges organic brain. 
Unbeknownst to Lurge, Emperor Covlar had never fully trusted the cyborg, and had secretly programmed him with a failsafe phrase that would force him to take his own life, if Covlar ever felt threatened by him. 
Luckily for Morn, he had learned the failsafe phrase by accident months earlier, after overhearing a private discussion between the Emperor and his engineers. 
Morn looked on, as Lurge screamed in agony. Lurges left arm fell limp, while his right arm pressed the barrel of his weapon against his head. He shook with unfathomable fear as his glowing blue eyes locked onto his right index finger, which pulled the trigger and instantly ended his life with a brilliant blue flash. 
Morn breathed a heavy sigh of relief and fell to his knees, as Lurges body fell to the floor beside him. He spent the next several seconds pondering everything that had just happened within the last fifteen minutes or so. After becoming teary eyed, while contemplating his next move, he quickly turned his attention back to the spinning Gate Chamber. 
Morn knew that Covlars body mustve already been discovered on the other side of the wormhole, and that enforcers from Siren would begin pouring through the gate at any moment. 
He ran to a glowing red holographic projection of a rectangular data screen, which hovered before him at eye level, and was located at the start of a metallic runway. The runway lead directly to the center of the Gate Chamber, beneath the swirling wormhole.
If the weight of a living being was applied to the runway, the metal stanchions would stop their spin cycle, as the computer would assume a traveler was preparing to leave for Siren. But Lurge was no longer living, and Morn desperately needed to be on his way. He didnt even know if anyone else in the tower had seen the security footage from the room, and was on their way to capture him. 
Morn took a deep breath and raised his hands to the data screen, praying that he hadnt been discovered and locked out of the system. He then entered his personal access codes, using the holographic keys and found that he was still able to initiate a Force Quit, which would temporarily shut down the gate for thirty minutes. 
This feature was only used when the chamber was in fear of overheating from excessive use, but Morn was still able to enter the command and stop the stanchions from spinning, rendering the wormhole dormant. He did this just as the wormhole itself was beginning to change color, indicating that travelers from Siren were trying to come through at that exact moment. 
Morn then assumed the worst; that enforcers from Siren had already contacted Tyrrans enforcers, and that he was seconds away from being pounced on and executed. But once he had come to that conclusion, a wave of euphoria passed over him. He thought back to when he had first entered the room and approached Covlar. Covlar had told him that all of the incriminating affairs of his past had been kept a secret from his family, and that all he had to do to keep that secret, was leave and never return. Morn made the choice to avenge his father and put himself in that awful place. He knew that and suddenly found that he was more than willing to accept his fate. 
Morn fell to his knees once again; only without tears and confusion weighing him down. He stared deeply into the red carpet beneath him with a subtle smile on his face, as he waited for the soldiers to come crashing through the metal door at the opposite end of the corridor. But even after everything that had just transpired, several minutes of silence passed. 
He was still alone in the hallway with Lurges mechanical corpse and a pleasant sound, reminiscent of a light ocean breeze, coming from the suspended wormhole to his left. 
For just an instant, he wondered if fate were for some reason handing him a second chance. With only fifteen minutes until the gate reopened, giving Sirens soldiers the chance to flood into the chamber, Morn felt motivated to save himself again. He was ready to do whatever was necessary, in order for him to be reunited with his family. 
After retrieving Lurges weapon from beside his lifeless body, Morn slowly crept towards the chamber door, separating him from the central shaft of the tower. He pressed his ear to the cold rusty metal, hearing not even the faintest whisper or footstep on the other side. 
It was becoming clearer that no one was coming for him; at least not yet. He then hesitantly walked to the keypad beside the door, and used it to send the steel divider shooting back up into the top of the door frame. 
The area was completely silent. He cautiously peered over the edge and stared down the mile long stretch of conduits and electrical sparks, leading back to the foyer. He attempted to retreat back inside the Gate Chamber, but was quickly snatched up by a light capsule. The towers transit system was designed to secure anyone in danger of taking a one mile plunge to the planets surface. 
As Morn was quickly thrust downward towards the foyer, he ordered the transit system to stop and drop him off on Delendras security level. Delendras main computer was still responding to Morns voice commands, indicating that he was still not being pursued. 
On his journey to the security level, Morn peered inside whatever open doorways he could see, and found the tower to be seemingly deserted. Upon reaching the security level, the light capsule carried him through the already open rectangular hatchway on the wall of the central shaft, and deposited him on the hard black marble floor inside, before vanishing.
Morn took a few steps inside the chamber, then gasped as he jumped back and pressed himself against a cold white stone wall. As he looked around the room, he found that the floor was littered with dozens of dead soldiers. 
While Morn had been in the Gate Chamber, killing both Lurge and the Emperor, someone else had been on the lower levels, killing Covlars entire security staff. 


Chapter Three

Just a few hours before sunrise on the following day, Syll was abruptly awakened by shrill cries coming from Drellics nursery. 
Asha, could you get that?! Syll called from the master bedroom. 
She received no reply from her maid, as Drellics wailing continued to echo throughout the house. Syll scoffed with frustration and tossed her quilt to her side. She then jumped to her feet and angrily marched down the hallway and into the nursery, where she found Asha gently cradling Drellic against her chest. The infants ear piercing screams had been reduced to a series of quiet whimpers, as Syll noticed Asha staring at the large rectangular flat screen monitor on the wall, with a mortified expression. 
Syll turned her attention to the monitor, to see that the local press and royal enforcers had gathered on the front steps of Delendra Tower. It was an emergency broadcast from the government that was being displayed across the two worlds. Whats happened, Asha? Syll asked; her voice cracking with a worried tone. Asha remained silent and fixated on the screen, while slowly rocking Drellic back and forth. 
Syll looked on, as Drellic drifted back to sleep. She was trying her best not to upset her baby any further, but from within the safe haven of her mind, she was screaming at the top of her lungs. 
The last time she had seen her husband, he was taking a shuttle to Delendra to stand before the Emperor. She couldnt help but assume that something terrible had happened to him. 
He is dead, she heard Asha whisper, as her gaze still had yet to leave the chaotic images of eager news reporters, angry enforcers and baffled bystanders. 
Sylls body quivered with fear. Her jaw dropped and her heart sank. 
What did you say? she asked Asha. Did you just say that my husband
No, Asha quickly answered, before Syll could finish her question. The Emperor, my lady. Covlar is dead. The insurgency attacked the tower. They beat the Emperor to death, then sent him through the gate to Siren. 
Asha then hesitated before going on to say, There is still no word on Master Morn.
Master Morn is just fine, came a mans voice from behind them. 
Startled, Syll quickly whirled around to see her husband standing in the doorway, seemingly unscathed. She ran to him and wrapped her arms around him, tighter than she ever had before. 
You were gone so long! Syll cried out as she brushed her tears from her eyes. I couldnt help but think the worst.
I know, Morn replied, sternly. But Im here now and everythings going to be fine; for us any way.
He then entered the room and approached Asha, while reaching for Drellic. 
Right now, all I want to do is count my blessings and be with my family, if you dont mind, Morn subtly ordered. 
Asha then dutifully handed the child over to his father and slowly backed out of the room; all the while giving Morn a very suspicious glare. 
Syll joined Morn at his side, as he cradled his son. She noticed right away that there was something odd about the way Morn was acting. Syll had become accustomed to seeing a consistent look of irritation on Morns face, throughout all the years they had been married. But seeing him there holding his baby son, with a look of genuine emotional attachment seemed out of place to her. Even so, Syll refused to allow herself to complain about his change in attitude. 
So, how did you do it? Syll eagerly asked, as Drellic was then fully awake, beginning to squirm and whimper again. 
Do what? Morn asked. 
How did you escape? Tell me. I must know. You dont have a scratch on you, Syll replied.
Morn briefly ignored her question and turned his attention to the news report, which was still being displayed on the monitor beside them. He watched as the crowd that had gathered on the steps of the tower cleared a path, in order to allow an entourage of royal guards to pass by. 
The guards headed out into the street and were met by a long silver hovercraft. The shimmering cylindrical craft backed up to the foot of the tower steps. Two long streams of fuel exhaust abruptly shot upwards; one on either side of the stern of the ship. 
Seconds later, a circular steel door panel opened outwards from the center of the ships stern, in the form of a spiral. 
The guards, wearing the typical black military uniforms worn on both worlds, then stood at attention on either side of the hovercrafts open stern. Approaching them from midway up the staircase, was the current Prime Minister of Siren, who had passed through the gate to offer his condolences, after Covlars body had been found on his planet. 
Sirens Prime Minister was trailing behind a long white casket, which contained the Emperors remains. The casket was carried by six royal pallbearers; three on each side, who were wearing long, dark blue ceremonial cloaks. 
The Prime Minister followed the casket with an entourage of his own, until it was loaded onto the hovercraft and sealed inside. Morn continued to watch until the hovercraft was shown speeding away from the tower into the downtown Faul area. 
Off! he grunted, before returning his gaze to Syll, as the monitor shut down.
Morn then took a deep breath and said, I never even made it inside. I was trapped in a parking garage the entire time it was happening. Once the insurgents left, I made it back to the tower. I was detained and questioned for several hours. Thats all I know. 
Syll stared deeply into Morns eyes, unsure of whether or not to address her immediate suspicions, or to simply let it go for the time being. She decided to choose the latter, but not without some reserve. 
The three of them just remained silently thankful to be together for the next few minutes. Asha was then called back into the nursery to lull Drellic back to sleep, while Morn and Syll retired for the evening in the master bedroom.
Two hours later, the sun rose from behind the long white curtains to the right of their bed. Syll had been fast asleep since returning to her nook beneath the sheets, while Morn had been lying awake the entire time. He stared intently at the ceiling, while deep in thought over what had really transpired hours before at the tower. 
Morn allowed his mind to drift backward in time to the moment he first entered the towers security level. Upon seeing the dozens of dead militants at his feet, his fear was almost immediately snuffed out by the realization of the incredible opportunity that had been presented to him. 
He remembered navigating through the narrow halls, leading to the towers surveillance system, while trying not to trip over the piles of heavy boots, tattered clothing and bloodied body parts that were in his path. 
After accidently stepping on the bloody disfigured face of a young female enforcer, he looked down and noticed that there were no weapons amongst the plethora of casualties. It was then obvious to him that the insurgency had been behind the attack; taking whatever weapons and ammunition were left behind as a result of their highly efficient mass killings. 
Morn believed that they were most likely awaiting Covlars return from Siren earlier that day, and that he was their primary target. He knew that the firefight that had ensued on the lower levels upon the insurgents entry into the building, mustve been enough to drive them away before reaching him. It was that unprecedented and baffling chain of events that gave Morn all the time he needed to essentially get away with murder.
Morn then finally reached the surveillance system. It was a tall black computer console, which contained a large spherical crystal core; the top of which was visible on the topside of the console. By entering the exact time of Covlars death, and the room code for the Gate Chamber, the crystal core ceased its holographic projection of the various corridors and rooms in the tower in present time. 
After a few seconds of calculation, Morn was faced with a bright and vivid image of himself; beating Covlar to death. He then watched himself force Lurge to take his own life moments later, by uttering the failsafe phrase that had saved him from execution. 
As he continued to stare lifelessly at the bedroom ceiling, his wife continuing to sleep soundly beside him, Morn remembered taking a few steps back from the surveillance console and raising the energy weapon he had stolen from Lurge; aiming it at the exposed top of the crystal core. He was familiar with the technology, but was uncertain of what kind of a chemical reaction would take place upon rupturing the crystal shell. 
With only his wife and newborn son in mind, Morn used the last of the weapons charge, to destroy the only piece of technology capable of projecting the three dimensional imagery that could incriminate him. The blast produced a light shockwave that forced him onto his back and into the pile of bodies behind him. 
Morn then frantically thrashed around and broke free of the dismembered arms and legs that were smothering him. Once back on his feet, he ran back to the security level entryway and rode a light capsule all the way down to the foyer. Unfortunately, he landed on the ground level just in time to hear the sound of emergency alarms coming from the dozens of enforcer vehicles, surrounding the base of the tower.
At the time, Morn was covered in the blood of the dead security officers and had no logical explanation as to why he was left alive. He also knew that the wormhole levitating a mile over his head had surely reopened, allowing for militants from Siren to cross over to Tyrran. With law enforcement closing in on him from above and below, Morn could only think of a one suitable hiding place for himself. He could only pray that the insurgency hadnt had the exact same thought. 
Morn then used a secret entrance below a sliding floor panel in Delendras foyer, to enter an underground security bunker that only Covlar and his royal staff had access to. It was used as a safe house for government officials, in the event of such an attack. Not even the Faul City general police or enforcers knew of its existence, giving him even more of a fighting chance for escape.
After carefully sliding the floor panel back to its original position, Morn found that he was alone in the cramped, dark square room. The air was damp and a foul musty smell was clawing at him from every corner of the chamber. He used the light from the laser guiding system on his weapon to illuminate his surroundings. 
To his dismay, the light revealed a network of cobwebs and several giant spider-like creatures, making themselves at home on the moist walls and ceiling around him. It mustve been well over one hundred degrees Fahrenheit in the bunker and it was also clear that no one had utilized it for decades. 
Morn was then startled by one of the hairy ten legged creatures that had leapt onto his right arm and was slowly climbing towards his face. But the thunderous footsteps of the stampeding enforcers could be heard coming from just inches over his head, and he dared not make a sound for the sake of his freedom.
It was then that he heard a loud commotion, concerning the discovery of Covlars body. A series of loud whooshing sounds could then be heard coming from the center of the foyer, indicating that the Faul City police were being whisked away to the top of the tower via the light capsule transit system. They were undoubtedly leaving Delendras base, in order to coordinate with officers from Siren, who were in possession of Covlars remains. 
A few more hours of silence were enough to sway Morns judgment away from the idea of spending one second longer in the dark with a nest of giant spiders. 
Still lying awake in his bed, then watching the sunlight grow brighter from his balcony, Morn remembered being satisfied that he was alone in the foyer, and quietly moving into a secret tunnel, while aggressively brushing the spiders away.
Morn then quietly and cautiously exited the bunker and used a small square pocket pager to activate his vehicle, which was being stored in a nearby parking garage. He used a particular feature on his pager that ordered his shuttle to arrive at his exact location, once alerted, but to avoid passing into the view of the enforcer vehicles surrounding the tower base. 
After crawling through the long narrow tunnel which was only two feet high, and burrowing through thick layers of dust, cobwebs and spiders for several minutes, Morn found himself beneath the parking garage just a few hundred feet from his vehicle. 
He then arrived at a manhole cover and pressed his ear against it. All he could hear were the sounds of the enforcer vehicles parked back at the tower. Having no other option, he slid the manhole cover to the side and exposed himself to the surface. 
He then slowly stuck his head out from beneath the garages concrete floor and saw several vehicles in the vicinity, but no people at all. 
After climbing out of the hole, covering it and shaking off the last of the spiders, Morn saw that every last person in the area had gathered around the tower to figure out what had happened. 
Seeing that as a perfect opportunity for his escape, he paged his vehicle and jumped in the side hatchway once it arrived beside him, heading away from the crowd by taking the back way out of the parking structure. 
After sifting through that final memory, Morn breathed a heavy sigh of relief and slowly climbed out of bed. Syll was awakened by his movements and turned to face him as he stood over her. 
What are you thinking? she asked him, in a groggy voice. 
Morn then stood with his back to Syll while staring through the curtains, at the rising sun. 
Im thinking of the future, my love, he replied in a detached tone. Im just wondering what happens now.


Chapter Four

One year after Emperor Covlars death, Tila Hevett, Tyrrans ambassador to Siren and the eldest of the three daughters of the wealthiest surviving house on the planet, was named Empress of Tyrran. It was said by many that her familys money was the reason for her fast ascension to power, after the Covlar bloodline had ended, and that she was underqualified to be given dominion over the world. But her swift, decisive actions during the first several seasons of her term put all of those rumors to rest. Her bold choices and sound judgment were responsible for making Tyrrans government and economy prosper in ways they hadnt in centuries. It was also befuddling to the people of both Siren and Tyrran; knowing that the insurgency had barely been heard from since Tilas nomination.
Morn Kail was at her side the entire time. He was kept on as chief advisor in the royal court and was instrumental in most of Tilas inspiring decrees. As Morn was in his mid-sixties and had been at the center of Tyrrans government for decades, Tila said that she thought it would be wise to keep a man with such experience close by. 
But it was on five year old Drellics first day of school, that Tila and Morns relationship took its first turn for the worst. Morn had awoken early that morning to see Drellic off to day one of his entry class at the Faul City Academy of Excellence; the most well respected entry school for children on Tyrran. 
He was expected at Hevett House within the hour, and was kissing his wife and son goodbye on their front steps, before parting ways with them for the day. 
Just as Drellic and his mother were about to step onto the shimmering orange transport shuttle, Morn grunted with the briefest flicker of physical agony, as he knelt down to meet his son at eye level.
This is just the beginning, my son, Morn said as he struggled to keep his tears of joy at bay. This is just the beginning of the many years you are going to continue to make us proud. He then brushed his sons thin blond bangs away from his eyes, and lightly kissed his forehead. 
Morn got to his feet a moment later. He briefly made eye contact with Syll, as she leaned in close to him and whispered, Do you know whats been going on with her? 
Morn just shrugged and replied, I suppose well find out today, wont we? Shes never wanted to see me so early before; and at her home of all places.
There was the slightest hint of worry in Sylls eyes, as she took Drellic by the hand and stepped through the transports side hatchway. The rectangular hatch then automatically closed behind them, and the ship sped off through the trees, towards the city.
Just before their departure, Syll had been referring to a concern that Morn had been verbal about behind closed doors, for some time. As far as Morn was concerned, Empress Hevett had been acting strangely lately; troublingly so. He hoped that it was his guilty conscience playing tricks on him once again, but something in Morns gut told him he needed to be on alert. 
For the last five years, Morn had been given unlimited access to the governments most sensitive files, as well as a chair in the most important of council sessions. But Tila had been uncomfortably short with Morn lately; treating him as an outsider from time to time. She had been making a habit of taking very little interest in his opinions; that is if he were even spoken to about an issue at all. 
Morn hadnt felt the overwhelming sensation of walls closing in around him, since the last time he had conversed with Covlar. He prayed silently to himself, that it wasnt a sign from the universe that all was coming unraveled. But even on that day, as he got to be a proud father watching his exceptionally gifted son beginning his education, Morn found himself right back where he was five years prior; feeling more alone and afraid than ever before. 
After the fuel exhaust trail from Syll and Drellics transport vanished into the trees ahead, Morn went back inside the house and took his time changing from his dark red bathrobe into his formal military attire. He then took a long look at himself in the tall mirror beside the master bed, and remembered his days as a general, fighting wars for the Covlars that he never believed in. He used those memories to search for ways to justify killing Xene Covlar to himself over and over again. But even after those constant reminders of bloodshed, including that of his own father, Morn still felt like a cold-blooded murderer who was no better than the monster he slayed. 
This isnt who I am, Morn rasped to himself with authority. This isnt who a Kail is. We dont fear who we are or the things weve done.
Morn found that the more he stared at his own authoritative reflection, the better he felt about the entire situation. We dont apologize, he continued. We never apologize for doing what is best for our family.
With those last words, Morn put his black formal military jacket on over his usual black overalls. The chest of the jacket was covered in various medals that represented his accomplishments, as a servant of the people. Then after one last confidant look into the mirror, he decided that it was time to face Tila and get the answers he had been searching for. 
Morn was met by another orange transport when he returned to the front stone steps of Kail House. He climbed inside and simply spoke the words, Hevett House, before being quickly thrust into the busy streets of downtown Faul. 
Tilas home was on the outskirts of the opposite side of the city. As Morns ship quickly made its way through the grid of other hovercrafts and gargantuan skyscrapers, he made sure to stare out the small square window, to catch a glimpse of the Faul City Academy. To his satisfaction, he was just in time to see Drellic disappearing into the schools entrance, as Syll was obviously struggling to even let go of his tiny hand. 
Morn couldnt help but grin from ear to ear, as he watched the fast moving metallic scenery turn into a slower moving display of the Karman River and the ring of beautiful miniature waterfalls that surrounded it. It was then that his heart sank. He felt the ship slowing down and knew that he had reached his destination. 
Hevett House appeared once the ship had crossed over the river. It was a massive stone structure, rising on the horizon; a network of giant domes of various sizes. The ship cautiously passed between two of the smaller outer domes and came to a stop at a giant steel archway in the center of the structure. The archway stood tall at the end of a long blue carpet, which extended all the way to a monstrous red double door on the largest of all the domes.
Youve been ordered to await reception here, sir, the ships computer said, in a deep monotone voice. 
After the hatchway opened and Morn stepped out onto the dirt road, the sun beating down on him from high in the sky, the ship powered itself down and touched down on the surface behind him. It had never done that before. It made Morn very uncomfortable, knowing that someone inside one of those incredible buildings had completely taken over his transport. 
Morn looked over the lifeless craft and scoffed with disapproval. He then transferred his cynical gaze onto the gleaming archway, and the three figures that were slowly approaching him from the other end of the long blue carpet. 
This isnt a house, Morn muttered to himself. This is a fucking overgrown embarrassment to the long line of royal families. May the days of elegance and wholesome presentation, rest in peace. 
As the three figures drew nearer to him, Morn saw that the three lengthy light blue gowns he saw flapping in the wind, belonged to Tila Hevett and her two younger sisters. While Morn was dedicated to his wife and a tad edgy towards Tila, he could not help but be slightly intoxicated by her beauty each time he laid eyes upon her.
Fortunately for his straying mind, which he always tried desperately to keep under control, he could not say the same about her sisters. Vane and Selera Hevett were portly women with what Morn called, shameless hygiene. Unlike Tila, their breath was foul and their teeth were yellow from being poorly kept for decades. 
They had unsightly moles on their cheeks and overgrown eyelashes that only served well as concealment for their bloodshot eyes; always dry and discolored from the amount of hallucinogenic herbs they smoked. 
Tila on the other hand, had beautiful cream colored skin, a slender but athletic body of average height, long shimmering dark hair and gorgeous hazel eyes. Morn always found it remarkable that the three sisters had in fact come from the same gene pool. 
Welcome to Hevett House, Master Kail, Tila said with a pleasant but awkward smile. I thought this would be a conversation better served without the counterproductive presence of a royal audience. I hope you dont mind. 
Of course not, my lady, Morn dutifully replied, as he slightly bowed his head. Im just grateful to finally have the opportunity to lay eyes upon your enchanting home.
As he struggled to lie through his teeth, he noticed both Vain and Selera looking at him as though they were ready to pounce upon his body and have their way with him, right then and there upon the gravel road. Luckily, Tila maintained control of the conversation.
Now that everything is prepared, would you please accompany us inside? You and I have a great deal to discuss and I dont wish to keep you from your life any longer than is necessary, she said quickly and assertively.
Lead the way, Morn replied. 
He was becoming more and more uncertain of how to read Tilas tone of voice and body language, which had never been a problem until just recently. As his heart rate quickened, he reluctantly followed behind the Hevett sisters; nervous as to where the obnoxiously long blue carpet was taking him.

Meanwhile, five year old Drellic was entering the auditorium-like assembly chamber of the Faul City Academy. He and his classmates were being led single file to a long row of seats at the front of the chamber, just in front of a tall crystal podium.
The room was already filled with students, ranging six to ten years old, who were seated in the dozens of rows behind the seating reserved for the entry class. 
Though he knew he came from a family of importance and had no reason to feel self-conscious, Drellic couldnt help but feel a chill run down his spine as he was seated at the end of his row, right against the main aisle that cut through the center of the auditorium.
He nervously peered around the room and noticed that most of the boys and girls around him were staring in his general direction. The looks of animosity that had come over the faces of the children, once he entered the room, made him more uncomfortable than he had ever felt before. 
Drellic wasnt used to being treated with anything other than the utmost respect. As the minutes of silence dragged on while the assembly awaited the arrival of the Academys Dean of Students, Drellic was beginning to hear snickering and whispering being exchanged amongst his peers. 
A moment later, a scrawny pale boy seated in the row behind him loudly whispered, Drellic! 
When Drellic turned around to face the boy, the boy quickly masked his amusement with an impassive look, as he stared blankly, straight ahead at the podium. 
A second later, Drellic also returned his gaze to the podium, only to hear the boy call his name again. That time, Drellic quickly whirled around and caught the boy attempting to once again conceal his identity. 
Deeply confused and offended, Drellic was about to curse at the boy, using derogatory words he had learned from listening to his parents argue over the years. But before he could, the girl sitting directly behind him turned to the boy and loudly whispered, Stop it! Leave him alone!
Drellic turned to face the dark haired six year old girl behind him, noticing that she had the fairest but darkest skin tone he had ever seen; a color that resembled the skin of native Italians in the time of the Drellic War on Modern Earth. 
Though unfamiliar and foreign amongst the sea of pale youngsters, Drellic was immediately spellbound by the girls beauty; a reaction uncommon in boys his age, just as it would be today. 
The girl smiled at him and introduced herself. 
Im, Moya, she whispered.
Drellic attempted to introduce himself in return, but Moya stopped him mid-sentence and said, I know who you are, Drellic Kail. Everyone does.
Drellic then nervously looked around the auditorium again, before motioning for Moya to lean in closer to him. She did so, widening her dark brown eyes, and asked what he wanted.
Does everyone hate me? Drellic queried, innocently.
Yes, Moya quickly replied. 
When Drellic asked why, Moya said, They think your father is a murderer. But my mother says that only those proven guilty of murder deserve to be treated that way.
In the few years hed been old enough to speak and understand the language of his people, he had never once heard of his father being referred to as a killer. 
I dont understand, Drellic said, breathing heavily.
Its OK, Moya replied with another reassuring smile. My mother says, never judge people without good reason.

Chapter Five

Morn Kail was forced to spend several more awkward minutes with Tila Hevetts sisters, before they finally parted ways upon reaching the Empress study. Relieved and already exhausted, he sat down on an old, creaking wooden chair beside a small wooden table, upon Tilas request.
After closing the studys double glass doors, the Empress sat across from Morn and gave him an enchanting look that he tried desperately to ignore. But what he first interpreted as flirtation, quickly became both a stern and dark look that caught him hopelessly off guard.
Is something troubling you, my lady? Morn asked, with great concern.
You might say that, Tila replied, seeming distant and uncaring. Theres something I want from you, Kail, she continued. Something you must do promptly; no delays.
Of course, Empress, Morn eagerly replied. It is my duty to do what is right by you; to honor your every last command.
Awkward seconds of silence and creaking wood ticked by, before Tila took her eyes away from Morn to admire the multicolored sunlight coming through the tall stained glass window beside her. 
She then turned her attention back to him, took a deep breath and said, I want your resignation, Kail; right away.
Morn was shocked and paralyzed by Tilas words. It took him a few moments to recover his voice, with which he replied, You cant mean that. Why? What have I done to deserve this?
A single tear rolled down his right cheek as he began to panic. Tila noticed the tear right away, and appeared blatantly offended by it.

You would dare shed a tear, knowing what youve done? she asked, coldly. You would dare desecrate my house with this false emotion, you display before me?
Morn was growing short of breath and remained silent, before a raspy cough escaped his lips. He quickly covered his mouth then asked, What I have done? You either have a peculiar sense of humor or you are certainly mistaken. What is it you believe I have done?
Tila slowly leaned over the table, staring deeply into Morns eyes with the most irate expression he had ever seen on her face. 
I believe you have done, what I have always known you have done, she slowly replied with a monotone voice. I cannot prove it, she continued. I may never be able to prove it. But I have kept you close for long enough. I no longer have any doubt. Your purpose has been fulfilled. I now have the closure I have longed for.
Morn let out another loud cough and gasped for air, as he sprang up out of his chair and cried, Please forgive me for my outburst! But I swear on my house, I do not know of what you speak!
Tila slowly rose to her feet, walked around the table and stood toe to toe with Morn.
You are the monster I always knew you were. Youre a murderer. You are a disgrace to our worlds, she aggressively replied.
There was then a lengthy and tense pause before she uttered the words, I know you killed Covlar.
Morn then slowly backed away from Tila, getting closer to the doorway with every step. 
What?! Morn yelled. That is absurd! Madam, with all due respect, have you lost your mind?! I could never
You could never? But you did! she screamed as loudly as she could, as she slapped him across his face, scratching him and leaving a long gash on his left cheek. 
Blood dripped from her nails down to her feet, as she crept closer to him with every step back that he took. 
Morn cowered in fear, uncertain of how to respond next. But before he could complete his next thought, Tila gave him his final orders. 
This is what is going to happen, Kail, she began. You are going to leave this house, board your ship and report to the Academy, where I know your son is currently attending his first day of school.
You will collect your child, take him to your disgrace of a home, and collect your wife as well; along with any essential belongings. When I say essential, I am referring to things you need to survive! Once you have collected everything I have asked you to collect, you will forfeit your home! You will also renounce your citizenship, consequently dissolving your right to live on this planet! You will then take your idiotic family to Siren, where you will disappear into a deep dark hole together, ensuring that I will never see your fucking faces again!
Morn fearfully stepped backwards again, tripping over a stone step and falling to the hard floor.
You cannot be serious! he screamed. You cannot really be asking me to uproot my entire life! Everything I have worked so hard to achieve, based on these ridiculous accusations! 
Tila was so enraged that she began to sob heavily, as she walked to a desk in the corner of the room. She then opened a drawer and pulled out a long sharp knife.
After slamming the drawer shut, she ran over to Morn, as he struggled to return to his feet and escape. But before he could even get to one knee, Tila pulled his right arm towards her, throwing him off balance. She then firmly shoved the handle of the knife into his right hand, while continuing to pull his arm with it.
Then without another moment wasted, sliced her left cheek open with that same knife. The knife fell to Morns side, while he remained on the floor, staring up at the blood gushing from Tilas face, with disbelief. Tila screamed in pain and called for her guards to enter the room, using a communication band on her wrist. 
Moments later, two bulky metallic androids, shaped to appear as large men, wearing steel plated armor, and wielding energy rifles, burst into the room and noticed Tilas injury.
He slashed at me! Morn Kail just cut my fucking face open! she screamed at the machines in agony. 
One of the machines violently grabbed Morn and held him up in front of the Empress, his feet dangling inches above the floor. 
Assault of this nature is currently punishable by a twenty year incarceration. Do you wish to proceed? the other machine asked Tila with a deep monotone voice.
Tila hesitated and replied, No. He knows what he has done; and he knows the price. Remove him from these premises. He will take care of the rest.
Just before the machines had a chance to drag Morn out of the room, Tila approached him one last time and whispered in his ear, You didnt just murder an Emperor. You murdered my birth father. For that, the Kail name is banished from Tyrran for all time.
After the Empress centurions dragged Morns seemingly lifeless body to his transport, he had to muster up the courage to walk the three feet to his pilots chair inside the open hatchway. 
He slowly staggered into the vehicle, allowed the hatch to close behind him and calmly spoke the name of his destination to the navigation computer. Then once his short trip to the school was underway and he was a safe distance from Hevett House, Morn let out a shrill scream, filled with both rage and regret.
Morn thought he had been far too careful to be discovered as Covlars true assassain. Yet in the middle of what was supposed to be the most prosperous time of his career, he was being forced to lose everything and most likely alienate himself from his wife and son. It was all becoming too much for him to bare, but he knew that time was running out for him. 
Just before leaving Hevett House, the mechanical guards had informed him that Tila was giving the Kails until sundown that day, to leave Tyrran. 
By the time Morn reached Drellics school, it was mid-afternoon. He was told by a faculty member that the entry class was currently having a recess in the Play Area; an indoor playground at the center of the building.
Morn walked out onto the playground, with sweat dripping from his brow and a persistent cough caused by his erratic breathing. 
There were dozens of children around him, running in different directions and disappearing in and out of long multicolored crawl tubes. He spent several minutes searching the area, before finally spotting Drellic's black laced dress shoes beneath one of the tubes.
He walked around the large plastic structure to find Drellic awkwardly kissing Moya, his lips pressed tightly against hers. 
Drellic! Morn screamed. The startled boy spun around, immediately, intimidated by the sight of his fathers worried face. 
Were leaving! Morn screamed as he picked up Drellic by his waist with one hand and held him under his arm.
Drellic kicked and screamed while reaching for Moya, who tried to run after him but was stopped by a faculty member. He cried all the way to the transport, where he was tightly secured to his seat for the ride home. 
Why did you do that?! Drellic sobbed. 
Morn gave his son a cold unsympathetic look and replied, Some things, a child cannot understand. Some things, no child should ever have to. 

Chapter Six

A white cloud of engine exhaust blinded Morns view of the stars, as he stared lifelessly out a window aboard the Starliner, Traverser. The long silver ship, resembling a gigantic arc, slowly propelled itself across the dark void that separated Siren and Tyrran. 
He leaned back against the firm backboard of his seat, his wife and son sitting beside him, trying not to notice Drellics tears or Sylls bitter facial expression.
Morn had never told his wife the truth about why the family had been forced to leave their life behind. Instead, he opted to blame the abrupt decision to depart Tyrran on Tila, claiming she had tried to seduce him and would ruin his political career if he refused her, which he claimed he did.
Morn described it as the swift unraveling of a brief affair between him and the Empress. He felt that convincing his wife he had been unfaithful for a short time, was better than admitting to killing the highest member of their society. 
As he glanced around the crowded cabin of the ship, while continuing to avoid Sylls glare, Morns eyes fell upon a familiar blue glow fighting its way through the thick cloud of mist being secreted by the ships engines. 
Moments later, the Traverser began to slow down, causing the fog outside the window to dissolve. The beautiful planet, Siren was then revealed behind it. Despite his recent misfortunes, Morn could not help but see a glimmer of hope in the great ocean beneath him that covered the vast majority of his new home.  
Siren was called the jewel of the galaxy and held more water than any planetary body known to man. This made it an extraordinary find in a galaxy as desolate as Eizenfar. 
Upon entering Sirens atmosphere, the Traverser automatically enabled its reentry shield, which allowed the ship to pass seamlessly into the skies over Siren City, without even the slightest hint of friction or turbulence. 
Morn was immediately captivated by the Siren City skyline, gleaming brightly in the sunlight. It was a monstrous network of steel skyscrapers, air transit systems and massive stone monuments, dating back millions of years. Sirens own rendition of Delendra Tower stood a mile high at the exact center of the city, just as it did on Tyrran. Only Siren City was nearly three times the size of Faul City.
As they began their descent towards the city dock, Morn noticed the Great Hall standing two thousand feet tall, just to the right of Delendra. This mammoth white stone building, was to be the Kails first stop on the long journey ahead of them. All would be citizens were required to officially declare themselves there upon arrival, before the Prime Ministers customs committee. 
A few minutes later, the Traverser landed atop a giant platform overlooking the Siren Sea. The Kails exited the ship through a small side portal, awkwardly carrying several suitcases and handbags, as they descended the metal staircase leading down to the platform; a task they were not accustomed to having to perform themselves.
Morn and Syll were forced to stop for a moment, after noticing that Drellic had stopped in the center of the massing crowd of passengers. As she looked at him more closely, Syll realized that Drellic was admiring the white sandy beaches that extended for thousands of miles along the sea. 
Drellic had never seen such a beautiful sight, though his young fragile heart was still clinging to the thought of Moya. The smell of the salt water calmed him; something both Morn and Syll deduced right away. 
Though they considered hurrying the boy along, they silently decided to place their bags at their feet and stand beside him at the edge of the landing platform. Together, the Kails watched the sun sink into the shimmering waters, uncertain as to what awaited them in the chaotic city at their backs.
Once the crowd of passengers had thinned, the Kails boarded a slow moving air ferry, which carried them over the majestic cityscape to the rooftop of the Great Hall. 
They were greeted by an entourage of city officials, who seemed to be communicating with an unseen party with their ear piece, mobile devices. Once the ferry landed atop the building and a cloud of steam was ejected into the sky from exhaust ports on the starboard side, the officials immediately pushed passed the flight attendants who were attempting to lead their passengers to the exits.
While Drellic had no idea what to expect, both Morn and Syll knew why they had come. As if they already knew where they had been seated, the officials quickly walked to the Kail family without taking even the slightest glance around the cabin. 
A young overly assertive looking man stood over Morn, intently glaring down at him, while the pale elderly woman beside him smiled at Drellic, in an attempt to comfort him. But her icy blue eyes and cold wrinkly skin only furthered the childs discomfort. 
Would you come with us please, sir? Both you and your family? the man asked Morn.
Without ever looking up at the officers that surrounded them, Morn sarcastically asked, Do we have a choice?
Syll tightly gripped Drellics trembling hand, as the Kails were taken from the rooftop landing pad, down a dimly lit flight of concrete stairs that seemed to stretch on forever. Morn didnt want to think about it, but the damp air and musty smell from the stairwell, only reminded him of the time he had spent barricaded beneath the feet of the enforcers that had come to investigate Covlars murder, five years prior. 
As his mind drifted further into the memory of that fateful night, he found himself transported back to the familiar feeling of being on the verge of execution. It had always been said that Sirens democratic government was far more reasonable with its people than Tyrrans monarchy. Furthermore, Morn had always been under the impression that Sirens Prime Minister was regarded as both a very patient and understanding man, with very little interest in rumors. 
Still, even feeling like he was on the brink of either death or incarceration, his greatest fear was that his wife and child were minutes away from learning the truth about their exile. 
The group came to an abrupt stop, forcing Morn to rejoin reality. He looked ahead passed the bulky official leading the pack, to see that they had reached a reinforced steel door at the very bottom of the stairwell. 
The bulky official punched in a sequence of numbers and letters on a keypad above the door handle. A transparent horizontal bar at the top of the pad was then illuminated by a bright blue light, and a harsh buzzing sound echoed off the close walls of the stairwell, startling Drellic and his mother. 
The official then opened the door but did not enter the next chamber. Instead, he held the door open so that the Kails could pass by him, while the other officials also stepped to the side.
Morn reluctantly entered the room, Syll and Drellic following closely behind him. Once the three of them were inside, the door was quickly slammed shut and locked. But before they could react, the commanding voice of a tall, strong middle aged man at the far end of the room, requested that they be seated.
Three chairs had been placed in the center of the dimly lit, gray brick room. One of them was much lower to the ground than the other two, and was obviously meant for young Drellic.
Aside from the three chairs and the silhouette of the man standing in front of them, the room was completely empty. The man, presumably a higher government official, had undoubtedly been expecting the Kails for at the very least, the length of their flight between worlds.
Morn, Syll and Drellic took their seats, as the man stepped out from the shadows and addressed them. It was Jin Callos, Prime Minister of Siren; a tall formally dressed ex-war general, with a darker olive skin tone that reminded Drellic of Moya. 
His short, dark curly hair, dripped with sweat, as it was nearly one hundred degrees Fahrenheit inside the room. Morn was becoming more and more uneasy about the blatant secrecy of the meeting, and Jins unprecedented solo appearance, along with the intense humidity in the room, was not helping.
I can see that this is just as uncomfortable for you, as it is for me, Jin said with a slight smile. I apologize for these conditions, but it is imperative that this conversation be kept a secret. It is a matter of planetary security.
Morn and Syll were then beyond confused, and Drellic had never been more terrified; not even on his darker days with his fathers temper. 
As the deafening silence that followed began to smother him, the boy began to cry. 
Dont be afraid, Syll said in a comforting voice, holding him close. 
Sir, with respect, what exactly is happening here? Morn asked Jin. Why lock the four of us down in this cellar?
Jin pulled a fourth chair from the back of the room and sat in front of the Kails, folding his hands on his lap while conveying sympathy with his eyes. 
Ive recently spoken with Empress Hevett. Frankly, she had nothing but great things to say about you and your lovely family, Master Kail, Jin assured Morn with a smile. 
No words were coming to aid Morn with a response to what the Prime Minister had just said. Instead he just stared blankly at him, waiting for a quick change in attitude to reveal Jins true thoughts.
You werent expecting that? Jin asked Morn, puzzled. That baffles me, to be honest. Tila has always spoken very highly of Kail House. She said that your departure from Tyrran was due to personal matters that were out of your control. I know all too well how unpredictable life can be, and so I whole heartily sympathize.
What is she doing? What kind of game is she playing? Morn asked himself, referring to the Empress. 
Jins comments about Tilas kind words made Syll cringe, as she tightened her grip around Drellics shoulders. She was still wrestling with the thought that Morn had betrayed her, naturally unbeknownst to Jin. 
I dont wish to prolong your confusion, or your discomfort, Jin continued. So Ill be happy to cut through the small talk and declare my intentions to the three of you. This will help shed some light on the nature of our current surroundings.
The Prime Minister then rose to his feet and looked upon the Kails with his familiar authoritative expression. 
Though the insurgency have been silent for some time, I have reason to suspect that they are not only still at work, but that they have operatives within my government, he began. The people who brought you to me are some of my most trusted cabinet members, so you neednt worry about them. But I have suspected for some time that key members of the terrorist threat have been controlling their network from within these walls, and the walls of our Delendra Tower.
At that moment, Morn realized that he and his kin were not being threatened at all. In fact, it appeared as though the outcome of this meeting would be quite the opposite. 
Like I said, Tila has done nothing but vouche for you, Jin said. That being said, I know I can trust you. You did great things for the Tyrranese government. I can only hope you can bring the same insight to Siren in these uncertain times. Ive arranged for immediate accommodations for your family, while you and I go over the logistics of it all.
Sir, are you offering me a job? Morn asked with a baffled expression.
I cant promise you a position as high as chief advisor, Kail, Jin answered. At least, not right now. But I can start you from the ground up.
Of course, sir, Morn answered with a stutter. Syll was beginning to finally feel some relief, while Drellic could sense the tension in the room lifting and calmed himself. 
What did you have in mind? Morn queried. 
A moment later, the harsh buzzing tone returned from behind them. The Kails turned around in their chairs to see Gallon Vez, Sirens Secretary of Resources, enter the room. 
He was relatively short, only six and a half feet tall, and wore the traditional blue hooded cloak, commonly worn by scholars and archivists on both worlds. 
Jin announced that Morn would be working with Gallon on a project that would involve the tracking of missing mineral resources across Siren, Tyrran and Bouldon; a space station colony the size of both worlds combined, that was home to the majority of mankinds hard laborers. 
It was believed that the insurgency was stealing precious elements from hundreds of factories in the three human domains, and using them to both build and charge their energy weapons. 
While Jin, Morn and Gallon went over the details, Syll and Drellic were escorted to a safe house at the far end of Siren City; a place they would be referring to as the new Kail House for many years to come.


Later that night, Gallon returned to his home and began preparing dinner for himself on an old fashioned looking gas stove. Ancient Mans version of Classical music played in the background, while Gallon whistled along and sifted various seasonings onto a piece of meat, sizzling in a frying pan. 
As he prepared to turn the meat over with a spatula, he heard a loud knocking at his door, which surprised him because he wasnt aware anyone had been buzzed into his section of his apartment complex. 
He flipped the meat, lowered the heat on the stove top as well as the volume of the music, and cautiously approached the door. Upon looking through the peephole, he saw his teenage daughters smiling face staring back at him.
Without a second thought, he opened the door, only to find that he had been fooled by a holographic projection of his daughter. 
A filthy looking, long dark haired man, wearing a black leather jacket, whom he had never seen before, was standing in her place. Frozen with shock, Gallons attention was drawn to a pool of blood on the floor beside the strange visitor.
He followed the thick red trail to his daughters body. She was lying dead on the floor; killed seconds before after her image was captured for the intruders projector. 
Gallons eyes widened as he struggled to scream, but couldnt make a sound. Instead, only a quiet wheezing sound escaped his lips, as the intruder raised an energy pistol into Gallons view.
The intruder pulled the trigger and sent a hot white flash of energy crashing into Gallons face, which caused his entire body to disintegrate instantly; leaving behind not even the smallest trace of blood, skin, bone or ash. 
The killer used the same weapon on Gallons daughter a moment later. The blast not only erased her body, but absorbed and disappeared all of the blood that had spilled as well. 
It was all done silently and efficiently. Not a single neighbor so much as opened their door during the course of the event. Then, once all of the evidence had been successfully erased, the killer quickly packed up his equipment into a dark suitcase and calmly left the building.

Chapter Seven

Ten years later:

Shortly after the Kails arrival on Siren, several simultaneous executions of key government officials were carried out by the insurgency. The attacks were revealed to have been premeditated for years and took place across Siren, Tyrran and Bouldon. 
Even ten years later, when Morn Kail was entering his ninth year of being Prime Minister Callos acting Secretary of Resources, the true motives and identities of the insurgency leaders remained unknown. 
At that time, while Syll was wrestling with a bitter and rebellious teenage Drellic, Morn was working tirelessly alongside Callos, while under the constant threat of assassination. 
Following the murder of Gallon Vez, the Kails took full advantage of the Prime Ministers hospitality, having never seen or heard from Tila Hevett again. Morn was virtually a ghost to his family for the first year; working around the clock to ensure he would be fast-tracked to becoming Vezs successor. 
It was an effort not made in vain. Given limited options and an increasing terrorist threat, Callos had little choice but to appoint Morn to his desired position. Being a Secretary of Resources to a Prime Minister was not as prestigious a title as being the chief advisor to an Empress, but it gave Morn an opportunity to put his unique powers of observation to good use for his people.
It seemed that fate had wanted him to take on the role, since it put him in a position to make a ghastly discovery about the direction mankind as a whole, was taking. According to his preliminary findings in a particular survey program he had been organizing, the human race was on a clear path to extinction. And no one out of a three domain population of nearly fifty billion people, seemed to have any idea. 
While waiting to be seen by Callos, Morn sat patiently in the cathedral-like foyer of Siren Citys Great Hall, and caught a brief glimpse of something he had never seen before. 
As he sat on a hard wooden bench, with his back against a cold marble wall, a bright green flicker came into his view. He was alone in the foyer and didnt have enough time to point out the phenomenon to anyone else. But for just a few seconds, he saw a strange insect, resembling a firefly with an enchanting green glow, quickly glide across the room, just inches above the floor. 
The insect then vanished from the building, as quickly as it had arrived, leaving Morn to question whether or not he had seen it at all. But in the split second it passed by his quivering knees, wobbling nervously against his bench, his mind drifted away from the subject matter he was there to bring before the Prime Minister.
It seemed as though the brief encounter with the unknown creature had triggered an unfamiliar memory. For the millisecond the green glow darted in front of his eyes, Morn was transported to a cold setting, where he envisioned himself standing naked in a pasture, dripping with goo and feeling utterly confused and alone.
And just before the vision vanished, Morn had a second vision, of looking up into a cloudy, starry sky from the cold pasture, and seeing what resembled a giant pulsating hand, literally composed of the fabric of dark space.
The extremities of the structure, resembling long and wrinkled black fingers, reached out for him, as he felt his face tightening over his skull, driving him to the point of hyperventilation. 
Then, in what only took a millisecond in the real world, Morn returned to reality, left with the unsettling feeling that he had been given an important message that he was unable to decipher. 
One of Callos female aids then entered the room and approached him. The woman noticed Morns sweaty brow and trembling arms and legs.
Are you alright, Master Kail? she asked, with great concern. 
Yes, Im fine, Morn rasped with a slight cough. 
Morn then looked down at the messy clutter of papers, peeking out from the manila portfolio beside him. He quickly reorganized them and tucked them back inside, before returning to his feet with a stagger, and following the aid to the elevator shaft at the opposite end of the foyer.  
By the time he reached the Prime Ministers office, he had almost completely forgotten about his experience with the insect and the nightmarish visions that followed. It was as if the further away the insect traveled, the less tangible the memory felt. 



Meanwhile, fifteen year old Drellic Kail was sitting in a lecture hall at Siren Citys Institute of Higher Learning, where his professor was discussing the most basic of propulsion system designs for ships capable of traveling faster than light. 
While the elderly, bearded man in his white lab coat and eye glasses spoke of using controlled singularities to unite distant points in space, for the purpose of enabling instantaneous journeys across solar systems, Drellic used his utter boredom as a means to justify silently mocking his classmates, who seemed beyond intrigued. 
Growing up in a home with a direct connection to the highest government on the planet, Drellic had learned the majority of what was taught at the institute in his pre-teen years. His fascination with what his people called, the relevant sciences, ended when he had learned all he felt he could by age twelve. 
Afterwards, merciless beatings and mockery from his classmates over the years had driven him to a very dark and aggressive place. It affected him so much that his newfound aggression could only be channeled by the thought of forfeiting his guaranteed academic scholarship, and joining Sirens military. 
Drellic knew that the mere notion of him going to war against the insurgency, was enough to send his parents into early graves. But at times, the thought of avoiding another boring scientific lecture or debate eased his concerns about defying his parents. 
Once the professor steered the discussion towards the topic of the dark matter parasites, discovered by man nearly one billion years before, only centuries after they had first taken to the stars, Drellic had heard enough. 
He was about to abruptly rise from his seat and quickly glide out of the room; something he had been doing frequently lately, but his attention was almost instantly recaptured by a beautiful olive skinned girl with long dark hair, waiting impatiently on the other side of the lecture hall entrance.
Drellic had only seen a combination of that exact skin tone and perfect long strands of shimmering black hair once before. Squinting through the glass windows on the wooden double doors to his right, he silently begged her to turn around and reveal her face; though he already knew it was Moya Fen; the enchantress he had only known for a few hours on Tyrran, ten years before. 
What are the odds? he thought to himself, as his eyes never left the backside of her formal looking one piece red dress and enticing athletic figure. 
Her arms were only exposed from just below her elbows, but even the mere shape and color of her hands helped Drellic confirm her identity.
Even after a full decade had passed, as the gulf of space had stood between them, Drellic had no doubts. He had thought about those few hours with her every day, since his family was forced to leave their home planet. 
He couldnt fathom how she came to be there, standing just a few feet away from him. But he wasnt about to let such an opportunity pass him by. Drellic had learned at a very early age how unpredictable and unfortunate life could be. Knowing he mightve never again had the chance, he slowly left his work station and started down his row of seating, towards the double doors. 
His heart was pounding harder with every step he took, as he found himself stepping on and crawling over people. It caused a loud commotion, instantly alerting the professor. 
Drellic Kail! the professor yelled across the room.
Drellic heard his classmates quietly whispering and laughing amongst themselves at the mere mention of his name. It was a something he had grown quite accustomed to since he first started his education.
But as luck would have it, the girl outside the lecture had also heard his name called out by the bitter old man. Drellic felt as though his heart was going to stop beating when he saw her turn around, through the glass. 
The moment her eyes met his, he knew he had been right all along. Though he was surprised to see that the sight of him, caused Moya to immediately lose control of her almost arrogant posture. 
She also began to lose her unique skin tone, appearing to grow pale and frozen in time. She didnt have to say the words or even be in the same room as Drellic, for Drellic to know she had been thinking of him just as often as he had been thinking of her.
Back to your seat, Kail! the professor yelled, more angrily that time. 
Startled, as he was shocked back into reality by the old mans loud crackling voice, Drellic rolled his eyes, let out a long exhale and then dutifully returned to his seat. 
A moment later, the professor proceeded to the large, rectangular holographic chart behind him, where he used to an imprinting laser pointer to highlight the organic features on an enlarged model of a dark matter parasite. 
This gave Drellic one last opportunity to make eye contact with Moya, who had never taken her eyes off of him, since first noticing him. At first, Drellic couldnt read her facial expression. He couldnt decide if she was interested in reestablishing a connection with him or not. But the warm smile and hesitant wave she offered him through the glass shortly after, assured him that the fates had heard his prayers after all. 

At the same time, Morn was sitting patiently in Jin Callos office. The memory of the insect and the corresponding visions, had almost been completely depleted from his mind, but he still felt a haunting chill throughout his entire body, given the news he was preparing to deliver to the Prime Minister. 
After several minutes of hearing nothing but the creaking of the wooden floor boards beneath his trembling knees, Morn was greeted with his own sigh of relief, as Jin entered the room and sat behind his desk, facing him.
Youve been very busy as of late, Kail, Jin said with great concern. Your recent absences are very unbecoming of you. Frankly, your entire attitude as of late has completely blindsided me. I never expected this from you, Morn.
I know, sir, Morn answered with a stutter. But I have had good reason. I assure you. The threat is real and it is great. 
What is it thats had you so worried these last several days, Master Kail? Jin asked, sounding irritated. Furthermore, what secrets would you dare keep from me, after everything I have done for you and your family? I have given you a new life of power and wealth in the wake of great tragedy. I only ask for the truth in return. No more equivocations, Kail.
Very well, sir, Morn hesitantly rasped. After billions of years of great accomplishments, as well as great sacrifices, and nearly one billion years traversing this hollow galaxy of ours, I believe the end of mankind is rapidly approaching, and that there is very little we can do to stop it.

Chapter Eight

It was the Sirenese who had first taken to the stars one billion years before Morn Kail made his horrifying discovery. They believed Tyrran to be a wasteland, completely void of life, until they landed on its surface and found the Tyrranese; a race of humans identical to them in terms of genetic makeup.
The people of Tyrran were in the process of rebuilding their society for the eighth time, after the fallout of a great nuclear war, the likes of which had happened eight times before in their history. 
The people of Siren had a similar history of repeated planetary bombardments that set them back thousands of years in progression each time, but had lived in peace amongst themselves for two millennia before landing on Tyrran. 
Once the two peoples found one another, it was as if the ideals and utter barbaric hatred of old had crept their way back into the hearts and minds of all humans. War broke out between the two worlds; an intermittent war that lasted thousands of years.
In the beginning, one world attempted to conquer and claim the other and vice versa. Then, came aggression, spawned from religious and political differences, along with fierce immigration disputes. 
Each society felt it was better than the other in every way imaginable. But one thing their governments had in common was a desire to aggressively deny citizenship to people indigenous to the opposite planet. 
Finally, after one last great war, with a terrifyingly extensive nuclear arsenal, leaving both worlds almost completely devastated, the corrupt leaders responsible for the conflict were long dead and replaced by more reasonable successors with a common desire for peace. 
Siren and Tyrran were finally working together and established a chemical agent in the form of a gas that was synthesized to eliminate radiation pockets, reverse global warming and re-stimulate plant growth. Both governments worked together to create the compound and ensure that it would be compatible with both planets atmospheres. 
But the more human scientists interacted with scientists from the world opposite their own, the more they realized that Siren and Tyrran were formed at the exact same time and had identical atmospheric and surface compositions, down to the last molecule. 
Religious leaders from both planets who believed in the fates as the ancient deities were referred to, took that particular scientific discovery as a divine sign that the two peoples were meant to coexist. 
As a result, millions of years of prosperity and technological advancement came to pass. Since then, terrorist cells like the current insurgency had come and gone, but there had never been another catastrophic event threatening every last human life; at least until Secretary of Resources, Morn Kail, stumbled upon something with the potential to make mankind extinct in a relatively short time.
As it was explained to Jin by Morn, the gas compound which scientists from both worlds had used to repair the damage done to the planets, was beginning to reanimate itself at an accelerating rate. But instead of being triggered by pollution or radiation, the fact that it had been a useless chemical agent for so long, while existing in such a clean environment, had mutated it into something else entirely. 
Morn Kail believed whole heartily that the worlds of man were consequently being poisoned by the very element that had saved them in the past; irreversibly so. When Morn was asked for a possible solution he simply replied, We can no longer rely on the synthetic.
It was a credible theory that left humanity with only one option. A new world needed to be colonized. Unfortunately, a galaxy as desolate as Eizenfar, left them with very few candidates. There were working with a very strict time table, meaning they could not afford to waste time putting an unfit world through a century long, atmospheric conversion process. 
What the people needed was a Siren or Tyrran-like world already well into its natural developmental stages. According to star charts, there was only one that could be reached in the allotted timeframe. It was a planet called, Kier-en, which was an ancient human phrase meaning, placed in solitude.
This was a beautiful world nearly half way across the galaxy, orbiting a main sequence star at the appropriate distance and equipped with a rich oxygen based atmosphere, two oceans, hundreds of lakes and rivers, and three continent sized forests that were responsible for the entire planets photosynthesis based oxygen output. 
Best of all, Kier-en was home to zero indigenous sentient races, making it even more ideal for colonization. To Jin, it sounded too good to be true, but the planets existence had been common knowledge in the scientific community for centuries and Jin Callos saw no reason to not sanction a mission there. 
When Morn went before the council with his proposal, he presented a simple plan that won the Great Halls majority vote. A ship larger than any in existence would have to be constructed, in order to carry the number of people and supplies needed to start a colony on Kier-en. But there was still hope for Siren and Tyrran, and since humanitys population wasnt getting any smaller, securing a third planet seemed in everyones best interest, regardless.
Kier-en had trace elements in its surface minerals that had the potential to be extracted and converted into a form of anti-toxin, designed to counteract the effects of the compound that was killing Siren and Tyrran. 
With little more than a decade to spare preparing for the journey, construction of the cargo ship, Salvation began on the surface of Bouldon; a giant space station colony, home to the majority of mankinds hard laborers. 

As the months rolled by, while Morn Kail headed the Kier-en Initiative unbeknownst to the general public, Drellic was enjoying Moyas company every day at the institute. 
She had instant popularity because of her immense beauty and the mystery surrounding her presence there, but had no reservations about making her fascination with Drellic, public knowledge.
They held hands in the hallways and sat together during lunch breaks, just like every other couple at the school. For a while, it seemed that Drellics status with the intoxicating Moya Fen, had brought the bullying he had dealt with for so long, to a halt. 
He knew that the rumors about his father getting away with murdering the Emperor of Tyrran, would never disappear, but there had been a comfortable silence in the air, ever since the first time his classmates had seen him kiss Moya on the front steps of the school.
Everything was falling into place for him, and the comforting atmosphere made the idea of him finishing his education that much more appealing. But one night at the end of the school year, as a ferocious chill entered the air, Drellic had his first near death experience.
One particular season per year, which was the equivalent of a month on Modern Earth, the Siren City area would be struck by a violent cold spell that was used to mark the end of schooling for the year, as well as work cycles. During this month, it was rare to see anyone outdoors at all for any reason. 
In celebration of his graduation to his next level of education, Syll allowed Drellic to take out a transport on his own for the first time. He used it to drive Moya to and from school, knowing they would most likely not see much of each other over the following month, due to the cold spell. 
That night, as Drellic was about to open the hatchway so Moya could return home, he found himself being violently pushed onto his back, as Moya pinned him against the seat. 
Ive had enough, Kail, she said in a sassy tone. I dont want to wait a second longer.
While Drellic was still struggling to comprehend what was taking place, Moya expertly unfastened his pleated dress pants with one hand, while removing her top with the other. 
Oh, that Drellic stuttered, as Moya continued to straddle him, while removing her bra. 
I dont have anything Drellic muttered as he struggled to kick off his shoes from beneath her waist. 
We wont need it, Moya assured him, while slowly releasing him before aggressively tearing off his pants. She then casually reached up her long black skirt and pulled her underwear down to the floor, before straddling him again. 
When Drellic entered her, he felt a strange calming he had never felt before. It was as if all the rage he felt for his father, for tearing him away from Moya years before, was finally gone.
They only managed to make love for a few minutes, before Drellics virginity and low tolerance for such pleasure, managed to get the best of him. 
He climaxed long before she ever had the chance to, but that didnt stop her from lightly kissing his cheek and whispering I love you, in his ear. 
It was his first time hearing those words from her and it made him the happiest he had ever been. But on that fateful night, Drellic was about to feel a pain much more bitter than the one he felt when he was forced to leave Tyrran behind as a child.
After Drellic walked Moya to her front door and returned to his transport, he instructed the computer to return him home. 
On the way there, while gliding through the dark wooded area that surrounded Moyas neighborhood, Drellic felt an intense jolt inside the ship. A loud thud and vivid spark of electricity inside the cabin, was followed by the ship being violently thrown onto its side, smashing into the dirt road below, with incredible force.
Drellic smashed his head against the side of the ship when it hit the ground, instantly knocking him unconscious. 
When he woke up hours later, he was naked and alone on the dirt road in the dead of night. His ship was nowhere to be found and the cold spell was beginning to take its toll on both him and his surroundings. 
He shivered with fear, as thick, misty clouds of his breath appeared above him. It was so cold that he could barely move. He could even feel the blood trickling from his forehead, freezing as it crept closer to his eyes.
Drellic struggled to scream with all his might, but couldnt. It had gone from seventy degrees Fahrenheit to negative twenty degrees Fahrenheit in less than an hour that night. 
He then rolled onto his back and gazed up at the starry night sky, praying to be saved; the icy cold air stabbing every inch of his skin, as he violently shook with fear.

Chapter Nine

Syll found Drellic nearly one hour later. He had managed to crawl to the side of the road, before falling unconscious again. 
One of Morns orange transports was hovering beside him, sparkling in the moonlight. The engines emitted a dull hum, as the ship came to a stop and the circular light pads that ran along the sides of the ship, illuminated Drellics body; frozen in the fetal position and barely drawing breath.
The side hatch abruptly flung open, allowing Syll to run out to Drellic with one of Jin Callos aids; a pale man named Throll, who was in his thirties and had only a dark military jacket over his summer street clothes and thin leather gloves, to protect him from the intense cold. 
Syll had a white fur coat wrapped tightly around herself. Her slippery white gloves made it difficult for her to get a grip on Drellics icy shoulders, but Throll insisted that he could carry him on his own.
He dropped down to one knee and lifted Drellic with both arms, as he rose to his feet. He then allowed Syll to lead the way back to the ship.
Once the three of them were secured inside the cabin, Syll ordered the computer to raise the temperature of the cabin by twenty degrees, to accommodate Drellics worsening condition. Drellic was still barely breathing and had yet to so much as blink his eyes.
Syll had activated the homing device on Drellics transport, before he had left the day before. Being lonely and naturally worrisome, and already having a husband stationed off planet for months, Syll had watched Drellics every move that day. 
She saw the transport violently crash into the woods, before being stolen by an unknown party. Unfortunately in Drellics case, the list of likely suspects was long. Many of his classmates resented him because of the rumors surrounding his family, as well as the fact that he was dating the most sought after girl at the institute. 
When they reached the new Kail House, a three story red brick building at the opposite end of the city, Drellic had regained consciousness and leaned on Throlls shoulder, as he hobbled into the house.
He was wrapped in a thick black blanket and had a puffy white bandage on his forehead, covering the wound he had received from the crash. Drellic then shook the tiny icicles and bits of snow from his curly blond hair, as Throll disappeared up the staircase beside him.
Upon entering the family room, he about to fall lifelessly onto the sofa, before Syll ordered him to his room to change, before meeting her out in the kitchen.
Drellic returned to his mother a few minutes later, wearing a dark red, long sleeve shirt and black sweat pants. He sat at the kitchen table, confused by his mothers irate facial expression.
She was glaring at him with cold haunting eyes, as he folded his hands on the table and hesitantly turned to face her.
Are you alright? she asked while maintaining her cold gaze. 
Im fine, he answered. I just dont know why youre looking at me like that.
I think you do, Syll answered. Its that girl. I warned you about her. This family already has enough to deal with. But you just had to have her didnt you? You had to make them hate you even more, didnt you?
But I love her, Drellic whispered.
Youre only fifteen! You dont even know what love is, Syll snapped, as she leaned forward in her chair. 
You didnt listen to me before, but maybe you will now that this has happened, she continued. Being with Moya Fen is dangerous, because you have had a target painted on your back, since the moment you walked into that school.
But I didnt fucking do anything! Drellic screamed, as he jumped to his feet. 
Ive had enough of this! Im sick of having to tip toe around, because everywhere I look, people are either talking about me or kicking the shit out of me! All because father supposedly killed someone, who was just another fascist fucking asshole, anyway! Drellic cried, as tears began to stream down his face.
Syll then quickly got up from her seat, slapped Drellic across his face and grabbed him by his shoulders.
You are a Kail! Act like it! No tears! We talked about this! she screamed. You have no idea how lucky we are! We were about to lose everything, but weve been given a second chance here! And now your father is out there trying to save every last one of us, including the people who call him a murderer. Because thats what we do. We hold our heads high and endure, to show the ignorant wastes of society that we are better than they are!
A lot of good thats doing! Drellic cried. Fathers out there saving the world, but we cant tell a soul about it. People attack me for things they think he did, but I cant retaliate, because itll just make things worse. And now youre telling me I cant be with a girl I love for the same reason!
Syll then thought that a different approach might be more effective, when it came to reasoning with young Drellic. 
She then softly replied, You almost died out there tonight. Do you realize that? What happens if shes in the ship with you, the next time youre attacked? 
I shouldnt be being attacked! Drellic yelled. But my protective detail doesnt appear to be doing a good job. I dont even want to be at that school anymore. I dont even want to be here anymore! Im sick of always being told I have to hold my head up high and move on. Just get over it! Well, Im done, Drellic concluded, as he started to walk back towards his bedroom.
What the hell do you mean, youre done?! Syll screamed, while blocking his path. 
As soon as Im of age next year, Im joining the military! answered Drellic. Ill get as far away from you people as I can, and Ill disappear myself. Ive heard of people that can do it. Ill get a whole new identity and join the ranks. Then, Ill never have to hear the name, Kail again!
Syll wanted to strangle her son after his last words, but couldnt bring herself to move or even say anything. Instead, she just stood there and allowed him to retreat into his room and slam the door. 
She had never heard her son denounce the family name before. Whether he had only said it out of anger or not, she knew that had Morn been present at the time, Drellic would have acquired a whole new definition for the word, pain. 
At that moment, she knew what had to be done. She had always regretted her decision to let Drellic take the transport out on his own to be with Moya, and was not only in fear for her sons life, but for the life of the innocent girl, he so desperately wanted to be with.
With a heavy heart, Syll contacted Moyas parents via holographic projection, and told them about the attack. She then advised them to keep their daughter away from Drellic, for her own safety. 
When the conversation ended and the connection was severed, she immediately thought to herself, We will get through this. My husband will find a way to save us all and his heroism will redefine us.
But as she passed by Drellics bedroom door, her thoughts were interrupted by a faint buzzing sound, coming from the other side.
She pressed her ear to the door and couldnt identify the source of the noise. For better or for worse, she decided to enter the room. When she found that it was locked, she began pounding on the door and calling Drellics name, to which she received no reply.
As Syll continued her attempts to get Drellic to open the door, Drellic was sitting at his work desk in front of a mirror. He had pocketed his fathers electric razor earlier, and was then in the process of shaving his head.
He stared intently into the eyes of his reflection, showing no emotion or regard for his mothers cries from outside the room. He just kept on shaving, while filling the waste basket at his side, with locks of his hair. 
Drellic had also removed the bandage from his forehead, revealing a scar over his left eye that was sure to be permanent. It was the first of many more war wounds to come. 
Though he had not witnessed the conversation, he already knew what his mother had done. He knew he had lost Moya once again. 
A moment later, he set the razor down, his head completely shaven, and lightly caressed his scalp, while admiring his new appearance. He then sat back in his chair to begin contemplating when he would speak to his mother again, when his eyes were suddenly drawn to a green glow coming from outside his window.
He parted his curtains and raised the blinds, to see several green glowing insects flying high above the other, smaller homes in the neighborhood. 
They appeared small and frail, similar to common houseflies, but were unaffected by the violent, bitter cold winds or the bombardment of icy hail and snow. 
As Drellic looked more closely at the tiny creatures, he noticed that the precipitation seemed to stop just before hitting them and then roll off to the side, as if they had some form of protective shielding around them. 
Then without warning, one of the insects landed on Drellics window, allowing Drellic an even closer look. Its small black eyes seemed to be consciously staring into Drellics from behind its furry green feelers. 
As they made eye contact, while Drellic did his best to study the creature before it flew away, he had the undeniable feeling that he was being studied as well.


Chapter Ten

Drellic and Moya lost touch over the next decade. They exchanged conversation in secret during the remainder of their terms at the institute, but had little to no contact in public. Their families insisted upon it. 
Drellic was hell bent on leaving the Kail name behind and joining the military, but once Morn got wind of that, he asked Prime Minister Callos to go to even greater lengths to make sure Drellics every action was carefully monitored. An advanced protective detail, assigned by the Great Hall, did exactly that, until Drellics final graduation, before his career assessment. 
Upon graduation, Drellic and Moya went their separate ways; seemingly for good. Due to his parents and protective detail encouraging his academic success, by the time he reached age twenty five, Drellic Kail was regarded as one of the top scientific minds on planet, Siren. 
It wasnt until he journeyed beyond the walls of his home and school that he discovered an entire world of open minded, accepting individuals. Having never learned who was responsible for the attack on his ship in the woods, ten years earlier, Drellic noticed a decline in verbal and physical attacks once his relationship with Moya came to an end. 
Two years after graduation, Drellic began a career at Karn Interstellar, a manufacturer of advanced propulsion systems for interstellar vehicles. Ironically, while his father was overseeing the final construction of the Salvation vessel, bound for Kier-en, on Bouldon, Drellic was overseeing the construction of the post light engines and star benders that would allow Salvation to make the trip to Kier-en in just a little more than one Siren year. 

The general public still had no knowledge of Salvation, or that their planets were slowly being poisoned to death by the gaseous compound they thought had saved them. But the plan was rapidly approaching fruition, and all was on the verge of being revealed.
On Drellics 25th birthday, he boarded a space ferry bound for Bouldon, where he would see his father for the first time in ten years. 
The propulsion system was ready and only needed a ship to be placed inside. His nerves were getting the better of him, as he watched Tyrran pass by his window, knowing Bouldon was waiting for him just, beyond it. 
Looking over the pilots shoulders, through the front windows of the ferry, he saw Bouldon appear behind the largest of Tyrrans moons. Drellic had seen countless images of it over the years, but he found that they hardly did the real life experience any justice.
Bouldon was a giant metallic sphere, twice the size of Modern Earth that was constantly surrounded by hordes of incoming and outgoing ship traffic. The sphere was divided horizontally from top to bottom every few hundred feet, by long ring shaped platforms that circled the grand structure. 
Upon landing on the highest ringed platform, the ferry passed through a seamlessly permeable protective shield, indicating that they had breached Bouldons fully pressurized atmosphere and that it was safe for the passengers to de-board without pressure suits.
Drellic had only taken a few steps onto the metallic runway beneath the ship, before he noticed his father standing tall over the other militants that were awaiting his arrival.
Morn and Drellic were then roughly the same height. And as Morn looked his son over for the first time in a decade, through his long flowing gray hair, he could only think to say, Sonyou shaved your head.
Yes, sir, Drellic answered, nervously. About ten years ago. 
Looks good, Morn said, in an insincere tone. Shall we begin?
Of course, sir, Drellic dutifully replied. What choice do we have? Our time is dwindling.
Yes it is, said Morn. Well said, son. We can catch up later. For now, lets do what we came here to do.
Together, Morn and Drellic disappeared inside the factories of Bouldon, leading a large group of militants and government officials from both Siren and Tyrran. 
Youve made your mother and I very proud, son, Morn boasted, looking upon Drellics formal, dark blue engineers uniform. 
Its why we pushed you so hard to pursue the sciences, Morn continued. We knew you possessed an intelligence far superior to most. We knew that was where you could do the most good for your people.
I know, father. All Ive ever wanted to do is make you proud, Drellic replied, in a detached tone. 
In his mind, Drellic had loathed both his mother and father for many years, but he dared not show such defiance. The Kail name was on the verge of being redeemed in the eyes of both planets, and Drellic had finally earned the admiration and respect of his peers. 
Morn then led Drellic onto a long steel runway, overlooking the largest of Bouldons factory floors. Below them, was the Salvation; the most incredible spaceship Drellic had ever laid eyes upon. It was more than enough of a distraction, to put the typical Kail family tension to rest. 
Salvation was a cargo ship by design, but could be converted into a warship if needed. The hull was comprised of a sand colored titanium plating that complemented the dimly lit double doorways, near both the bow and stern. 
Atop the ship, gleaming silver gun turrets formed a row of gun barrels, resembling a human spinal column. The guns were arranged in the same fashion on the ships underbelly; which was barely visible behind the giant magnetic locks that held the ship in place over the factory floor.
The ship itself resembled the blue whale of Modern Earth, down to the giant steel fins on the port and starboard sides. The ships tail was the only feature that diverted away from Salvations unintentional whale-look, coming to a sharp point over an open hollowed out section, where Drellics propulsion system would be installed. 
Drellic carefully inspected the hollowed out portion, after acquiring a vantage point over the ships stern.
The sizing is perfect, Drellic said to his father, while holding out a small electronic device that measured the height, width and depth of the hollowed out section. 
Assuming your specifications were accurate, then yes, it is perfect, Morn snapped.
Drellic then turned to his father, his eyes widened with surprise and said, I would never play games with the lives of my people. They were accurate.
Then theres nothing more to discuss, Morn said. Bring it to us. 
Drellic nodded and led his father to a large window, overlooking the landing platform where he had docked. Drellic then used a communicator on his wrist to instruct the cargo ship that had followed his ferry to Bouldon, to land on the adjacent platform. 
Its already here? Morn asked with a stutter. I wouldnt have expected you to be so bold.
You should have, Drellic said, with confidence. My boldness is warranted, considering I never had any doubts.
By the end of the work day, Drellics propulsion system had been successfully installed into Salvations stern and connected to entry ways leading to the ships engineering deck. 
The ship was then launched from Bouldon and put through its first test flight. Salvation traveled to the farthest reaches of the solar system, to an asteroid belt the length of ten Jupiters, and returned to Bouldon in less than sixty seconds. 
Morn then realized that his dreams for his son had finally been fulfilled. Drellics engine design had the potential to save mankind. And since Salvation had at long last, proven itself to its creators, it was time to inform the people of the two worlds of the trials that awaited them. 
Once the announcement was made, even Empress Tila Hevett could no longer afford to even speak ill of the Kails behind closed doors. Her silence had cost her her pride and there was no longer any hope for an official criminal investigation into Morn and his family. 
Kail House became a feeding ground for the press, as Morn and Drellic were almost instantly looked upon as saviors, in the midst of mans darkest age. 
But upon returning to Siren City, there was one truth that Morn had yet to share with his family, aside from his killing Emperor Covlar. Morns other secret was that he was dying of accelerated heart failure, as a result of old age, combined with repeated night terrors. It was an increasing sense of fear and dread that had been plaguing him since his first encounter with the strange green insect at the Great Hall, ten years before. 
His nerves repeatedly counteracted all medical attempts to save him, and his physicians were giving up. It was always assumed that Morn would be the one to lead thousands of volunteers to Kier-en, where they would begin mankinds next chapter. 
But as he was immersed in a crowd of what he viewed as mediocre amateurs, he had only one solution in mind that would appease him. Morn had no choice but to ask Drellic to take his place, as Salvations commander. 
Unfortunately, he would have to wait until Drellic returned from a scientific study, taking place at Sirens South Pole. The mysterious glowing insects were spotted in Sirens coldest region, a place no insect indigenous to Siren shouldve been able to survive.
A few weeks after Morn and Drellic returned from Bouldon and Jin Callos announced the Salvation mission to the worlds, Drellic was selected to be the lead science officer on a mission to the pole, to study the creatures. 
Drellic had forgotten all about his own encounter with the insects in his bedroom, also ten years earlier, and was offended by the notion of the mission, because so much else was going on in the interplanetary scientific community. 
But Sirens leaders had been tracking the creatures for some time, and were beginning to associate them with widespread night terrors, similar to those Morn had been experiencing.
Several deaths had been subsequently linked to the traumatic visions induced by contact with the insects, which was what finally peeked Drellics interest.
As the annual cold spell that plagued Siren City was coming to an end, Drellic and a team of other science officers and technicians, were on route to the pole, where they would find a consistent temperature of negative 70 degrees Fahrenheit. 
Small spherical surveillance drones had been sent out ahead of Drellics science vessel, to investigate the infected region. They returned images of millions of the green glowing insects back to the ship, indicating that they were somehow nesting inside a deep, icy crevice.
The science vessel was very small, compared to most of the cargo ships and commercial liners that were very similar to its design. A clear octagon-shaped canopy revealed two male pilots, covered from head to toe in dark gray protective coverings and face masks with internal heating pads. 
The canopy encapsulated the forward most compartment, resting against the dark green metal plated hull, of the storage compartment behind it. Drellic was locked inside the cabin of the ship with a metallic safety harness, alongside seven other passengers; each with a unique role to play during the study of the unknown creatures. They were all dressed in the same protective gear as their pilots and also had access to an onboard armory, filled with energy rifles and grenades.
The sleek saucer shaped vessel then began to jerk from side to side, as it came into sudden contact with the one hundred and fifty mile per hour winds of the South Pole region. They were merely twenty or so miles from their landing site, but the mood on board was becoming extremely tense.
What do you think they are? a nervous technician asked Drellic, sweat dripping from his clammy hands, as the ship continued to shake.
Theres no record of them that predates the last five years, one of the female science officers added, looking in Drellics direction. Such a large population, covering so much ground, could not have evolved to their level of ingenuity in that time.
Its impossible, the technician replied with a nod, also looking in Drellics direction. Theyve been spotted all over the world, disappearing and then reappearing in unison. They dont appear to be drawn to anything or have any need to eat. Now, we discover this nest; a cavern filled with them, buried hundreds of feet in the ice. What does it mean, sir?
My only interest is determining why hundreds of people are dropping dead from night terrors that provoke heart attacks, weeks, in some cases, hours after encountering these things, Drellic boldly answered.
That is our first priority, he continued. If they are truly a biological threat to us, they must be dealt with immediately.
Then without warning, just ten miles from the landing site, a powerful force violently rolled the ship onto its back, flipping the crew upside down while secured to the wall, by their harnesses. 
As the rest of the team panicked, the technician noticed that Drellic was still perfectly calm. 
Should we have been expecting this, sir?! he yelled, as Drellics calm expression, changed into one of stern alertness.
We are under attack, Drellic aggressively replied, instantly silencing the terrified crew.

Chapter Eleven

Drellic awoke to find himself pinned beneath the body of the technician who had last spoken to him. He was dead, as were three other members of the crew, lying beside him in the icy snow. 
As he slowly pushed the technicians body to the side, he saw the frozen face of the last female science officer he had spoken to. The protective glass on her face mask had shattered, causing her to almost instantly freeze to death. 
Luckily for the survivors of the crash, the science vessel had been gliding just a few feet above the surface, before it was ambushed and shot down by insurgents.
But from the looks of things, the nearby members of the insurgency werent much better off. As Drellic got to his feet and turned to see the wreckage of the science vessel, shimmering in the blinding sun overhead, he saw a similar crash site just a few hundred feet behind it. 
As he looked more closely, he saw the smoking remains of an outdated commercial liner. It was of a design more than fifty years old and had undoubtedly been stolen from a salvage yard; indicative of the insurgencys presence. 
Confused by the misfortune of his attackers, Drellic searched the area for some sign of a third party that might have intervened. To his relief, he spotted a squadron of Enforcer jets, rocketing over their position, a moment later. 
They mustve been followed and shot down before they had the chance to finish us off, Drellic thought to himself. 
Then amidst the murmurs of his shipmates, writhing in pain at his feet, Drellic heard a familiar female voice from behind him say, You like being left out in the cold, dont you?
Drellic turned away from the wreckage to see Moya Fen smiling at him. Bewildered and slightly disoriented from the crash, he took a step back and nearly tripped over his own feet.
Its really you, isnt it? he asked. I never wouldve guessed this line of work for you.
Whats that supposed to mean? she snapped. Ill have you know, I just saved your life, Mr. Greatest Scientific Mind in the World.
Without uttering another word, Drellic ran to her and held her, as if it would once again be his last chance. Both his heart and mind were racing and it was only getting more intense with each passing moment.
Moya was dressed in dark blue overalls and a glass plated face mask, similar to the protective gear worn by Drellic and his fellow explorers. But embroidered on her chest, was the emblem of Sirens Enforcers; a distinctive glowing white shield. She also had an energy pistol holstered at her side and an energy rifle strapped to her back. 
Drellic held her for as long as he could, before the other members of her unit arrived on site. From that moment on, Drellic had the pleasure of observing Moya, as a boldly assertive Enforcer leader. 
Curiously enough, once the surviving insurgents were rounded up and placed in government custody, a final sweep of the area, revealed that the Emerald Flies, as the mysterious insects were referred to, had deserted the South Pole region.
An overhead visual scan and deep surface scan, showed that the crevice that had hours earlier been home to millions of the Emeralds, had been voided of every last trace of life. 
Furthermore, reports of similar creatures had been filed on Tyrran, but were never revealed to Sirens government until months later; the Emeralds having never been seen anywhere on either planet again. 
The mysterious night terror related deaths had also come to an end, and the Emeralds became nothing more than a footnote in the worlds histories.

Three months after Moya had saved Drellics life at the pole, they rekindled their romantic relationship, after over a decade of being apart. During that time, Drellic had only seen two women come and go from his life. Moya had always been first in his heart, but instead of attempting to move on with someone else, he simply focused on his academics and work. Drellic felt it was out of necessity; having to excel at everything he set out to do, in order to keep the rather aggressive critics of his past, at bay. 
Moya on the other hand, had been in a brief marriage that ended as a result of domestic violence. After a peaceful, initial two years, Moya was savagely beaten, nearly to death, by her ex-husband, while he was high on a mind numbing substance called, Sull; a dangerous and illegal drug, he had been using and selling for years, without her knowledge.
The injuries she sustained and the lives he ruined were what initially inspired her to become one of Sirens elite officers of the law. It also explained why her family had suddenly decided to move to Siren when she was sixteen.
The Fen family was running out of money in the deteriorating Tyrran economy, and it was her ex-husbands family who reached out a helping hand and offered to take care of them until they could support themselves again; the one condition being that they would have to move to Siren.
Unbeknownst to Moyas family the entire time, the money that had saved them had come from the distribution of Sull to Sirens youths. And it was Moya herself who brought her former in-laws to justice, shortly after becoming an enforcer.
Her story captivated Drellic in a way he never thought possible. It was as if her troubles grounded him. While he was off trying to save the human race from extinction, Moyas problems, while on a smaller scale, seemed much more impactful. 
But in the midst of the troubles that had been surrounding them both for some time, and their journey toward rediscovering one another, Drellic was still faced with a matter of far greater importance to him. Morn Kail was dying and there was very little that could be done about it, other than remaining by his side and helping him manage his pain with sedatives.
Both Drellic and Moya believed that the fates wanted nothing more than for them to spend the rest of their lives together. They felt they had been reunited too many times under the most random of circumstances, to ignore the signs. And so it was decided that on one of Morns better health days, they would enter Kail House hand in hand and announce their intentions to be wed.
However, Drellic was also keeping a troubling secret from Moya. By the time they decided to marry, Drellic was already well aware that the weight of the Salvation mission had been placed on his shoulders. Fearful that revealing the truth to her about his impending two year absence would ruin everything they had just re-established, he decided to wait until the night he had planned to formally propose to her, to tell her about Salvation.
Drellic knew that keeping the truth from her, for as long as he already had was wrong, but since he had already taken things as far as he had, he felt he needed to share every aspect of his duties with her, before asking for her hand. Drellic knew that if Moya would still be willing to marry a man about to fall under such risk, while traveling so far away for so long, they would undoubtedly be together for the rest of their days.
On the day he decided to share that unfortunate part of his life with her, he took her by the hand on the front steps of Kail House, looked into her eyes and asked, What if it were me dying and not my father?
What? What are you saying? she nervously asked in return.
Drellic then hesitantly replied, What Im asking isif you thought you were going to lose me soon, would you still be my wife?
Of course I would, Moya answered with a smile. Because Id know I really wasnt going to lose you anytime soon.
How can you be so sure? asked Drellic.
Moya then caressed his cheek, smiled again and said, Because you would have no choice but to come back to me. Our fate has already been decided by powers greater than us. Were connected and we always have been.
After a long pause, Moya finally asked Drellic why he was acting so strangely. To which, Drellic responded with a full explanation for his new role with Salvation. Moyas tears followed the news, followed by the most natural of questions. 
Why does it have to be you? she sobbingly asked.
You know why, Drellic answered. Ive worked my entire life to be an authority in these matters. This is the price for my efforts.
In the end, more tears would follow, but Moya ultimately stood by her initial beliefs about a higher power that would see their love through to the end. 
Then, with one last kiss and a somber silence that seemed to last a lifetime, they entered the house to stand before Morn and Syll Kail as a couple, reborn; completely committed to each other, despite the hardships that awaited them.
They entered the master bedroom, to see Syll sitting by her husbands side, as she had always done. Morn was covered by several thermal blankets, but shivered in the fetal position beneath them, while soaking his pillow in gobs of his own sweat and drool. 
His skin had taken on a dull gray tone and he had lost a considerable amount of weight, since his son had last seen him. 
When Drellic tried speaking to him, he responded with a quiet grunt and then fell silent.
He hasnt said a word in days, Syll said, her voice cracking a little from stress. He hasnt had an attack in weeks. We thought he was getting better. Now, he just tosses and turns, looking as though hes seen a ghost. I dont know what to do.
Drellic held his mother close, as she got to her feet and began to cry. Syll then noticed Moya standing in the doorway from over Drellics shoulder and walked to her.
At first, Moya was uncertain as to Sylls intentions because of her emotional state, but to both Drellic and Moyas relief, she simply placed her hands on Moyas shoulders and said, You dont have to say a word. I know why youre here. Youve always been there for my son and I cast you out during a much darker time for this family. For that, I will always be sorry.
Syll then hugged Moya and added, You have the blessing of this house and you have always been a part of this family. Welcome.
Drellic breathed a sigh of relief then suggested that his mother take Moya out into the family room, to leave him alone with his father. He knew it would be the last time he would see him before leaving for Kier-en, aboard the Salvation.
Once his fianc and mother left the room, he sat beside his father and placed his hand on his shoulder. The tormented old man finally stopped shaking once he felt his sons touch. 
Father? Drellic asked, surprised by Morns sudden look of coherence. 
You dont know what Ive seen, Morn whispered with a look of sheer terror.
What is it? Drellic asked. What have you seen?
Morn then sat up, coughed a few times while projecting droplets of blood onto his pillow and uttered the words, When you leave this place, take your warriors instincts with you. Remember the rage from your youth.
I always do, Drellic replied with a smile. Ill be fine, father. You know I will be.
A look of rage then came over Morns face as he angrily rasped, This is not a game. Our future is not at stake, merely because of the poisons seeping into the veins of our worlds. 
Then hopelessly confused, Drellic leaned in closer to his father and asked, What are you trying to say? What is it you havent told me?
Theres someone else out there; in the stars, Morn stuttered, pointing out the window, into the night sky.
There is a presence out in space; an unknown force that is going to try to take everything we have, Morn continued. 
As his father mumbled on, Drellic was becoming noticeably less receptive. This enraged Morn, causing him to climb out of bed for the first time in weeks. He then kicked the legs of Drellics chair out from beneath him, causing him to fall onto his back. 
Startled, Drellic scrambled to get up, but Morn quickly tackled him and pinned up to the floor.
Your days of arrogance are over, you foolish boy! Morn shouted. Now, listen to my words and listen well.
Alright! Drellic screamed. Im listening! What is it you want from me?!
It is not what I want, answered Morn. It is what they want from all of us! Listen to me, boy! Listen to me when I say, they are out there. They are out there and they will be stopped. Because you are going to stop them!

Part Two: The Architects
Chapter Twelve

As you have learned by this point in the story, Eizenfar was the darkest corner of creation amongst the original twelve galaxies. Whenever a star was born there, it acted as a seed of hope, lighting the way for travelers; past, present and future. Just as whenever a star died there, it robbed the celestial embodiment of desolation of a potential stepping stone, once leading to comfort, purpose and knowledge. 
I have seen many wondrous things in my travels, but never before have I seen an embodiment of astonishment, in the manner Drellic Kail did when he first came face to face with the creators of his people.
For once upon a time, in a galaxy called, Quiet Soul, a lonely embodiment of ambition was awestruck by the great living ships of the Architects
The Narrator

As the Salvation traversed the haunting abyss beyond ancient mans solar system, Drellic was doing his best to be a confident and watchful protector of his crew of several thousand. But in the more unsettled corners of his mind, he continuously drifted back to the last words his father had spoken to him before he left Siren; a warning about an unknown enemy waiting for him in the black.
Salvation had just entered the Uin-Si Nebula; a gaseous cloud, bright purple in color, extending five hundred light years in every direction. 
While on approach to the nebula, a pebble sized meteorite traveling at nearly three quarters the speed of light, managed to penetrate Salvations energy shield and puncture the ships water tank.
The hull breach was repaired almost instantly by automated drones, but several thousand gallons of water had been lost in mere minutes. Luckily, a giant moon just beyond the nebula, was almost completely covered in chunks of water ice.
Drellic had already decided to use the moon as a rest stop, where Salvations post light engines could be rested for the duration of the trip; a trip which had already devoured six months of humanitys time. 
But since the water needed to be replenished for the sake of the crew, what was to be a pit stop had become an unforeseen mining expedition. 
Ten hours after the tank had been punctured, Salvation appeared in open dark space on the other side of the nebula; just a few hundred kilometers from the unnamed water moon. 
The ship came to be in geosynchronous orbit around the moon moments later, after the light engines had been slowly powered down over the last few light years. The gradual shut down allowed for a smooth stop; guaranteeing the hulls integrity would not be challenged in the slightest.
Drellic, dressed head to toe in white for the first time in his life; a commonly worn uniform on long term space voyages, comprised of temperature sensitive fabric, climbed a tall steel ladder leading to Salvations observation dome.
He gazed out at the black ocean of nothingness; spotting only a distant white dwarf star and the nearby water moon, which twinkled in the light of the dwarf, floating alone in an otherwise pitch black abyss. 
If we fail, then my home will come to look very much like this place, Drellic thought to himself, as he paced back and forth beneath the dome.
What cruel creature of divinity could have possibly been the craftsman behind so much emptiness? he continued. 
Drellic then spotted a deep crater completely filled with ice, resembling a large bowl of water embedded in the surface. He then activated his wrist communicator, connecting him to his navigators below him, on the ships bridge.
Begin cutting into the ice atop the next largest crater, he ordered. We may be able to reach our quota from just this single location.
Salvation then came to a halt over the crater, and using the forward turret on the ships underbelly, fired a constant laser blast into the ice below; super heating the area, in order to make the ice more accessible. 
Minutes later, the melting process came to a stop and three shuttles were deployed to the surface, to begin the extraction process. 
While the filtering teams on the moons surface extracted the ice and converted it into drinkable water for the crew, Drellic descended the ladder and darted through the bridge, without acknowledging a single member of his eight man bridge detail. 
After ignoring his companys attempts to address him, he disappeared through a dark corridor off the bridge and entered his private quarters at the other end. 
A set of sliding metal doors automatically parted ways for him, after a gleaming red laser scanned his retina to confirm his identity. Upon entering his quarters and sealing the doors behind him, he sat at a small desk alongside a porthole, revealing the vacuum of space.
On the desk, was a small rectangular hand held monitor, designed to intercept sub space transmissions, which travelled far beyond the speed of light; much faster than even Salvation was capable of traveling.
While on the observation desk minutes earlier, Drellic had taken note of the time and realized that he was close to receiving a prescheduled message from Moya. 
A quiet beeping sound was then emitted by the monitor, indicating that the transmission was being received. Drellic looked down at the screen in his hand and saw his wife of six months, staring back at him, with a distraught look upon her face. Her puffy red cheeks were soaked in her own tears, as she choked out the words, We lost him. We lost him, Drellic.
Drellics eyes widened and his heart sank. Please, no, he said. You cant be telling me this right now.
Its true, Moya replied. We lost the baby. There was nothing they could do. I dont know whats wrong with me.
Drellic then felt the urge to cry himself, but his rage got the better of him, first. He got to his feet and threw his chair across the room as hard as he could, shattering a crystal model of the Salvation that had been sitting on a mantle behind him.
Sadness washed over him a moment later. He picked up the monitor, fell to his knees and wept with Moya, from light years away.
I need you here! I need you here, now! Moya screamed, as she became immersed in the loneliness that outlined their tragedy. 
What the hell is wrong with me?! she sobbed.
Nothing, Drellic assured her through his own tears. Nothing at all. Perhaps it just wasnt our time. Soon, when we are together, we will try again. And when that day comes, youll know I wont be leaving you like this ever again.
How can you promise that? Moya asked, with a hint of bitterness. How do I know youre even coming back?
Remember what we said, he assured her. Weve come too far to believe we are at the mercy of coincidences. We will be together again because our fates have already been sealed.
He then took a deep breath and said, You know I will return to you, because I love you. And that is all I will ever need to bring me home. This I swear to you, my love. 
For a moment it seemed as though Drellics words were putting Moya at ease, but just as she was about to speak again, the transmission abruptly ended and a loud warning alarm echoed throughout the ship.
Blinding red lights began flashing in every chamber and corridor on board. Then, as Drellic began running at full speed to return to the bridge, he heard the ships automated voice say, Warning. Proximity Alert. Collision, imminent.
We have many weapons at our disposal to take care of asteroids, people! Drellic harshly screamed, as he reemerged onto the bridge. 
But to his surprise, not a single bridge officer had even noticed his return. The navigators, technicians and science officers in his charge, were fixated on the shimmering red holographic display in front of them, which gave a vivid three dimensional image of their immediate surroundings.
Once Drellic came into view of the projection, he understood the crews silence. Coming over the horizon of the water moon, was an outstretched array of long slimy objects, resembling the tentacles of a giant black squid. 
The curious collection of extremities was undoubtedly part of a larger unseen structure, still eclipsed by the moon beneath them. The slithering scaly tentacles began to spread farther apart, as they crept closer to Salvation; the crew of which was still awaiting the return of the shuttles they had dispatched to the moon, to collect the water ice they desperately needed to survive. 
What manner of evil is that? asked a portly technician, to Drellics right. 
Life readings are off the charts, answered a male science officer, seated in front of Drellic. I cant get a lock on any life signs inside of it, but its definitely comprised of carbon based, organic technology. It shouldnt be able to function out in space. Its impossible, he fearfully added.
We should leave! cried a female science officer, standing behind Drellic. We have no choice. We have to abandon the landing party and get the fuck out of here, sir!
Drellic then calmed himself, turned to the short fearful brunette and said, We leave no one behind. Thats an order.
He then looked at all the other frightened faces that surrounded him, in an intimidating manner that communicated his desire for unwavering loyalty from his crew.
Is that understood? he asked the group. 
In response, he only received deafening silence and a series of reluctant nods. But that was enough for him. 

Chapter Thirteen

Unbeknownst to Drellic and his crew, the pulsating plethora of organic technology facing the Salvations bow, was an Architect Planet Farmer. The particular model slithering over the surface of the water moon, was an ancient relic, felt underused by its designers.
It was that exact ship that was part of a large fleet of similar ships, responsible for the conception of life on Siren and Tyrran. But even with all its abilities, both creative and destructive, its living features were useless without its crew, whose number and physical appearance remain unknown to us. 
As we now live in a time of much greater understanding with regard to our ancestors in Eizenfar, the most compelling mystery to date is the physical appearance of the Architects.
The typical and most widely accepted assumption, is that they built their fear inducing sea monster ships, in their own image; as a sort of testament to their own dominance over their own ecosystem. 
Perhaps that is the case, and it truly was merely their egos at work, but I believe that these masters of bio-technology and genetic manipulation, had an entirely different perspective and reasoning, for the need for chariots of such designs.
Metal can be melted or cracked. Energy shields can be penetrated. But a ship with a living skin, capable of almost instant regeneration, can never be killed or even damaged, so long as it has a crew to operate it. That being said, Im not ready to write the Architects off as an egomaniacal race of bullies that sped around the universe inside gigantic versions of themselves. Such assumptions have always struck me as, disrespectful.
By the time Salvation came to view the main body of the ship, Drellic was already well into the planning stages of an exit strategy for Salvation; including a rescue operation for his landing party on the moon, below. 
At the end of the lengthy tentacle like extremities, Drellic saw a scaly shell of rock, covering an intricate network of black, oily skin covered coils, a bulky torso and a light green haze that seemed to cover every inch of the ship; pulsating in the form of an electrical charge, around the tentacles, once leaked into open space. It was the only non-organic looking part of the vessel and was putting Drellic even more on edge.
The closer the tentacles came to Salvation, the greater the crew could feel the pull of an invisible tractor beam, keeping Salvation held firmly in place. It was as if they were being held over a campfire, to be cooked and devoured by the approaching monster.
Whoever you are, youll have to wait, Drellic thought to himself. 
He then ordered his crew to begin the rescue operation. Salvation had a tractor beam of its own. Since communication between the Salvation and its shuttles had been cut off by the incursion of the Planet Farmer, there was no way to warn the landing party about the upcoming extraction process.
Moments later, the shuttles were given a slight tug by Drellics tractor beam, as a means to announce to the landing party, that they needed to board their ships. 
Once Drellic saw that all of his people were safely inside the shuttles, with an abundance of water ice locked in storage, the tractor beam was switched to full power; sending the shuttles hurling towards the entrance to Salvations landing bay, at a very problematic velocity.
The small pick-up truck sized shuttles, skipped over the hard metallic runway, like pebbles over a pond. When they finally came to a stop, Drellic ordered that the landing bay be sealed and re-pressurized, before his exit strategy could come into play.
All attempts to communicate with the Architects had failed and the glowing, brightening electrical charge of the Planet Farmers tentacles, was just a few dozen kilometers from reaching Salvations hull. 
Drellic had hoped to avoid a violent confrontation with the first alien race to ever discover humanity, or vice versa, but as he felt his mission and crew were both in jeopardy, Drellic ordered his tactical specialist to fire every energy weapon that lined Salvations topside and underbelly, in order to break free and escape.
Then, as if to mock Drellics efforts, every burst of blue energy emitted by Salvation, dissolved in the form of ripples in water, upon the Planet Farmers unflawed outer skin. 
This is it. This is the exact moment of my failure. Im so sorry, Drellic thought to himself, as he fell backwards into the commanders chair; silently apologizing to his family, shipmates and species. 
It was seconds later, that a bright red flash filled the bridge compartment, briefly blinding all those within view. It was a glitch in the holographic projection that displayed the approaching electrical charge. 
Once the glitch was corrected, a solid image returned, giving the crew an opportunity to adjust their vision. Once Drellics eyes had adjusted, he looked into the three dimensional image of the moon and stars before him, and saw no alien ship tainting the star-scape, ahead. 
By no action of his own, Drellic and his crew were safe, at least for the time being, and the Architects had seemingly vanished without a trace.
What manner of trickery is this? thought Drellic, as he climbed out of the commanders chair, to more closely inspect the projection.
He ordered his navigators to utilize every external camera on Salvation at once, to give him a three hundred and sixty degree picture of their surroundings. 
A moment later, the red hologram expanded, forming a ring around the bridge compartment and crew. The nervous officers and technicians frantically spun around, searching the circular data stream for any sign of the aliens.
As luck would have it, the Architects were nowhere to be found anywhere in the region, leaving the entire crew of Salvation awestruck, while still in fear for their lives.

Slow hours dragged by on board, as the men and women of Salvation struggled to make sense of their recent circumstances. In that time, Drellic had retired to his quarters, where he was soon after visited by Kamael; his executive officer.
Kamael was an older and paler man than Drellic, with short dark hair and a bright red scar, stretched across his wrinkled brow. His icy blue eyes scanned the room, after he received Drellics permission to enter.
Upon entering, he immediately noticed the broken crystal model on the floor to his left, which Drellic chose not to explain.
You know what that was, dont you? Kamael insinuatingly asked.
What makes you say that? Drellic asked, sternly.
Just a feeling, Kamael answered. While we were all confused beyond measure; unable to process a single rational thought, you were deep in thought; sharper than youve been this entire trip.
Not that its any of your business, but you are wrong, Drellic grunted. 
Kamael let out a frustrated exhale, before rolling his eyes and angrily replying, It is very much my business, sir. As your Second, I am obligated to replace you, should you be deemed by the crew to be incompetent, should you become incapacitated, or should you meet your death. All that being said, if I am a potential commander of the ship, I need to know the nature of the danger we face.
I am just as much confused beyond measure as the rest of you, XO. I assure you, Drellic insisted. As for my competence, as well as my health, dont assume youll ever be lifting the stat bars from my uniform, Kamael. I prefer you to be right where you are. 
An awkward pause, followed by a dutiful nod was all Kamael would offer in response to Drellics confident defense. But after Kamael exited the room and the doors closed behind him, Drellic immediately turned his attention to the small sub space transmitter sitting on his desk.
He immediately entered a sequence of commands onto the keypad on the back of the device, which caused it to immediately begin recording and transmitting his words.
Father, Drellic whispered into the transmitters microphone. Father, I dont know if you will hear this. But I need you to know something.
Drellic was then taking panicky breaths, nearly in perfect rhythm with the flashing red recording light atop the transmitter.
I need you to know that you were right. There are monsters out here, father. And I think they were waiting for me.

Chapter Fourteen

Salvation reached Kier-en nearly six months later. During the duration of that leg of the journey, Kamael and Drellic had begun a bitter rivalry, spawned from their brief encounter with the Architects.
Kamael was convinced that Drellic was holding back information about the aliens that was putting mans future at risk. But Drellics quickly developing ego had little time for his executive officers accusations.
He was determined to be the first to set foot on Kier-en soil, but had no interest in staying their long enough to break ground for the first settlement. Drellic would only stay until he was satisfied that those being left behind would be safe and that the first major city was under construction.
One night, about a week before Salvation arrived at Kier-en, Kamael overheard Drellic talking in his sleep, as he had walked by Drellics quarters and found that the door was wide open; a rare find, as Drellic had come across to the crew as being a very private man, when not giving orders.
As Kamael took a few quiet steps into the dark chamber in order to discern Drellics words, he distinctly heard the phrases, The monsters await me, and You were right all along.
This particular session of eavesdropping, had come after a six month stretch of Kamaels repeated attempts, to get Drellic to disclose information about the Architect ship; which they had yet to see the likes of again. After finding Drellic tossing and turning beneath his sheets; his fearful expressions and words becoming more and more violent, Kamael had seen and heard enough.
He quietly left the room, leaving the door open, as he had found it, and reached a decision. Throughout their voyage, Kamaels attempts to understand Drellics relationship with the aliens had only been met with short, uncaring answers, as well as complete disregard. But Kamael always detected a hint of fear and hesitation each time the creatures were discussed; traits uncommonly seen in Drellic.
It was these subtle flaws in Drellics otherwise impervious proverbial armor, which convinced Kamael that his suspicions had merit. So, for the duration of the trip to Kier-ens orbit, Kamael silently weighed his options and felt it was in his best interest to remain on Kier-en; a decision which Drellic was more than happy to accept.
A small fleet of ferry-shaped scout ships were launched from Salvation and performed reconnaissance sweeps, across the planet. It was thought that many of the trees in Kier-ens great forests would have to be destroyed, but a large clearing in between one of the forest continents and a snow capped mountain range, suggested otherwise.
The clearing was big enough to accommodate the specifications for the first human settlement; a preplanned city of factories, schools, hospitals, living complexes with studio apartment sized dwellings and a complex irrigation system, which would eventually be networked throughout the entire planet. 
On the other side of the snowy mountains, a lonely shuttle craft landed on a beach overlooking a body of water dubbed, the Siren Sea. 
Kier-ens climate zones were very unpredictable, day to day. While snow fell atop the mountains overlooking the clearing, it was eighty degrees Fahrenheit on the beach just a few miles behind them. 
Drellic and Kamael were the only two souls on board the shuttle. Drellic was naturally the first to set foot on the warm sand at the foot of the massive mountains, where he turned to see Kamael, slowly descending the ramp way behind him. It was to be the last time they would speak to one another; or so Drellic thought.
They stood side by side, overlooking the calm waters that reminded them of home; all the while listening to the rumbling of supply ships landing on the other side of the snowy peaks. 
Ive asked you here as a favor to me, Kamael began. Youve been hiding something all this time. You put your crew at risk; not to mention the future of all our people. I feel that I at least deserve to know the truth; especially if I am to be the shepherd for this new society.
That was a charge you elected for yourself, Drellic calmly replied. 
Dont change the subject, Kamael snapped. Youre not the man you used to be. And you havent been ever since you saw that ship, six months ago. Youve changed. Thats why I took this job; because youre a liar and a threat. Im not spending one second longer, sharing a command with you. 
Drellics heart then grew cold, as he took a few steps closer to Kamael; looking him in the eye, as the wind picked up, blowing sand at Kamaels chest.
The only reason you are still breathing at this very moment, is because I know you are the best choice to lead these people into their new lives, Drellic sternly began. 
But make no mistake. You can believe what you want, but the fact of the matter is that you would not be standing here right now, if it wasnt for me.
Kamael smiled and replied, Be thankful that youre only taking a skeleton crew, back home with you. There will be less blood on your hands that way.
Goodbye, Kamael, Drellic said, as he turned his back and slowly ascended the ramp way, back into the ship.
I will be sure to inform the Prime Minister of your heroic actions, upon my return, Drellic added, sarcastically, just before the ramp way retracted and he was sealed inside the cabin. 
Kamael then watched Drellics shuttle rocket away towards Salvation; still in orbit around the planet. There was a hint of sadness in his eyes. For as much as he had grown to despise Drellic, he couldnt help but pray for his safe return home. 
No man deserves a cold grave amongst the stars, Kamael thought to himself, just before calling for transportation back to the new settlement. 

The thousands of people left behind on the surface of Kier-en, watched Salvation leave for Siren that night, from the warm glows of their campfires. One Siren year later, Drellic returned home; but only to discover a world he barely recognized. 
Around the halfway point of the return trip, Drellic received word from his mother that the insurgency had murdered the majority of government officials on both Siren and Tyrran, in a coordinated strike, whose names were not specified before the transmission was lost.
After receiving that disheartening message, Drellic found that all communication with his home system had been completely cut off. It wasnt until he came within visual range of Bouldon, Tyrran and Siren, that he learned why that was.
While on a course to pass near Bouldon, at an angle where all three domains of man were visible to him at once, Drellics crew saw what they could only describe as the sight that ended all hope. 
Hundreds of Architect Planet Farmers, identical to the one encountered by Drellic on his way to Kier-en, had appeared in orbit around the three domains of man. And while he listened to the screaming and panicking of the officers around him, Drellic himself, had no reaction. 
He calmly sat in the commanders chair, while chaos ensued around him, staring complacently at the close range projection of the alien ships. A moment later, he closed his eyes while letting out a long exhale, before using a keypad on the arm of his chair to turn off the projector. 
The crew then instantly became silent. They watched Drellic lean forward in his chair and stare lifelessly at the floor, not saying a word.
What are our orders, sir? a young female officer asked him.
To which Drellic simply replied, Survive.






 




Chapter Fifteen

While the Architect fleet circled the worlds of man, inducing rioting, looting, religious extremism and utter anarchy across Siren, Tyrran and Bouldon, Salvation remained in a fixed position behind Kilar; an odd barbell-shaped asteroid, kept in orbit around Bouldon, due to its rare mineral composition.
With all but its vital systems powered down, Drellic was doing his best to keep his skeleton crew off the aliens radar, though he was sure they had already been detected, long before. Drellics nerves were quickly unraveling his usual authoritative persona. It was merely for the sake of morale that he decided to entertain his crew with the notion of their concealment. 
While using one of the ships many external cameras to keep his sights fixated on alien activity, Drellic noticed that the shimmering green glow, commonly seen on the skin of all Planet Farmers, was beginning to dim to a barely perceivable haze; accompanied by a slowing pulse. It reminded Drellic of a slowing heartbeat, fading in unison amongst the entire alien fleet. 
Then, as if to coincide with a weakening of the aliens influence over mans technology, the severed communication between mans ships and planets finally came to an end. 
Salvations overhead sound system, instantly became flooded with panicky chatter from countless ships and ground stations. But the strongest of the incoming radio signals was the sound of a woman screaming and writhing in pain. Drellic ordered his communications tech. to pinpoint the source of the screams and discovered that they were coming from a small commercial shuttle craft, just a few hundred yards in front of Salvations bow. 
What the hell are they doing? Drellic thought aloud, as he noticed the tiny shuttle rocketing towards a medical bay on the surface of Bouldon. However, the ships trajectory directly conflicted with the giant looming tentacle of a Planet Farmer, overhead. 
Theyre flying right into it, Commander, the communications tech. announced, as Salvations crew observed the holographic projection of the shuttle; mere seconds away from crashing into the alien ships slimy extension. 
Drellic ordered the tech to magnify the shuttles hull, so he could get a clear image of what was going on inside. To his dismay, he was witnessing a young woman going into labor. The shuttle was struggling to reach the main hospital on Bouldon, in order to safely deliver a child into the worlds. But it seemed as though their plan was about to be quickly derailed. 
Then, all of a sudden, in a most unprecedented fashion, the Architect ship, slowly raised its tentacle out of the shuttles path, allowing it to safely land on Bouldon. Once the shuttle had successfully passed by the aliens, the tentacle was lowered and returned to its original position. 
Drellic and his crew expressed their relief and simultaneous bewilderment, as fearful ship captains and crews in the area, took the aliens display of benevolence as a queue to attempt completing their respective voyages. 
Drellic looked on, as space traffic between the three domains of man, began to pick up; provoking no hostility from the alien ships. 
Though he could tell his crew was anxious to return to space dock, Drellic wasnt entirely convinced that the aliens had peaceful attentions, simply because of their calm and collective appearance from their stationary positions, as well as their sheer numbers. 
Dont touch anything, Drellic ordered. Dont adjust anything that isnt part of life support; no unnecessary movement or electronics.
Sir, traffic is almost at normal volume and flow, and the new arrivals seem to be standing idly by. We may have misjudged them in the past, said Ilda, Drellics lead female science officer. We cant just sit here much longer, without utilizing our other systems. Our life support cant take it.
Thats wishful thinking and you know better, Drellic snapped. You just want to go home; we all do. The problem is, nothing is ever going to be that simple again. We need to wait this out. No one moves a finger until I decide its safe. Understand?
The bridge officers reluctantly complied with Drellics orders, removing their hands from their consoles and keeping their eyes on the holographic projection of the comings and goings of ships, caught in transit by the aliens arrival. 
After several hours of watching normal traffic flow, while the aliens seemed to fade into the background; their presence inspiring less fear as time went on, Salvation finally received a message from Bouldons space dock. The acting deck chief had been monitoring them from the other side of Kilar since their arrival, and was curious as to Drellics intentions; announcing that they were ready to bring them in for a landing.
Drellic ignored the deck chiefs first few transmissions, as he kept a watchful eye on the skins of the Planet Farmers, which appeared more corpse-like with each passing hour. The once thriving organic husks had become dark, dull shells, as if to convey a period of dormancy amongst the Architect fleet. 
After silently debating with himself for a few more minutes, he then finally gave the order to begin the docking sequence. The crew was elated beyond measure and the comfort of home was mere moments away; but not for Drellic.
Drellic had lost his would be son while in route to Kier-en, leaving his wife devastated. His father was dying and his mother was becoming an apparition as a result. In addition to the troubles with his family, the state of the governments of man was unclear. Drellic still had yet to receive an official list of which leaders were killed by the insurgency. 
As Salvation came into the comfort zone of the magnetic locks inside Bouldons landing bay, Drellic had another frightening thought. He realized that even if the aliens had no intention of attacking mankind during one of its darkest periods, there was still the chance that the ever lingering insurgency, had the potential to start mans first interstellar war with another sentient race.
But Drellic knew that those concerns would have to wait. Provided he was able to return to Siren unharmed, he knew his family had to be his first priority. During this time of great uncertainty and dwindling hope, Drellic was determined to die with the kin he had left behind, if death was to be his next challenge.

Three days later, after an irritating decontamination process and still no contact with the aliens, Drellic returned to Kail House, where he was greeted by his mothers warm embrace. 
Syll was ecstatic to see her son, but her overlying concerns could not be ignored. She was undoubtedly distraught over the imminent loss of her husband, the sadness of her daughter in law, and the fear that all of human society was coping with.
But in the midst of the depressed household, Drellic found an unfamiliar face smiling at him from outside Moyas bedroom. It was Moyas younger sister, Delendra; the ancient human word for heaven, and the name given to the two mile high towers that united the two worlds.  
She was a petite, charming girl in her early twenties, with short dark hair and olive skin reminiscent of Moyas. But before Drellic knew any of this, Delendra was already wrapping her arms around Drellics neck and lightly kissing him on his cheek.
Welcome home, she said, with another warm smile. It hasnt felt right without you here. Ive heard so many wonderful things.
After Drellic and Delendra had their first formal introduction, Drellic was led into Moyas bedroom, where he found his wife staring blankly out into the clear blue sky outside her window; the silhouette of an Architect ship, hanging overhead. 
As soon as she heard the door open, she knew that Drellic was there without having to turn to face him. Without wasting another moment on idle sadness, Moya ran to her husband, buried herself in his chest and burst into tears.
Never leave me again, she said. Never torment me the way you have, ever again. I wont lose another child and I wont lose you!
At first, it seemed as though a cheery reunion was in order, but upon seeing Drellic and Moya in the midst of their most recent turmoil, Syll and Delendra slowly backed out of the room and allowed their personal reunion to run its course.
After their final tears were shed, they made love well into the night, before Drellic was finally left with his most unwanted task, upon his return to Siren. 
As Drellic knew he would, his father and requested to see him alone in the master bedroom. Drellic watched Delendra and his mother retreat into the kitchen, as he entered the bedroom, to see his father sitting up against the giant wooden headboard. 
Morn was staring intently into the burning fireplace at the far end of the room, watching the flaming embers dance effortlessly around one another and listening to crackling of the fire and wood. 
Did they find you or did you find them? Morn rasped without looking away from the fire.
Drellic wanted to act oblivious, but knew exactly who his father was referring to; the Architects. 
I think perhaps it was both, Drellic answered.
You didnt believe me, Morn said, still focused on the fireplace. But youre listening now, arent you?
Yes, sir. Im listening, Drellic answered, with sincerity. 
Morn then finally turned to face Drellic and said, More than ten years ago, I saw one of those Emerald flies. Then one minute Im sitting in the Great Hall, and the next, Im standing naked in a field; shivering in the bitter cold. And when I looked up, I saw the tentacles of a giant black squid, reaching for me.
You never told me that. You never told me exactly what you saw, Drellic said; his eyes widening.
I wasnt the only one. All those people who died after seeing those insects; some of the people who didnt. We all saw a different version of the same thing. It was always different, but always the same, Morn continued. 
I realize that youre a man of science, son. But can you honestly tell me that you believe this is all merely a coincidence?
I dont know what to believe, father, Drellic answered. I only know what I see. Right now, I see my worlds in chaos and an enemy at our door, biding its time.
Then you do believe they are an enemy! Morn exclaimed, with an expression of relief. 
Of course I do, Drellic answered. Visitors do not come unannounced, wanting nothing; and so many at that.
Then what do you believe, son? Morn asked.
I believe that in a desolate galaxy, in the heart of a black abyss, no being of higher thought could ever hope to understand, a tyrannical empire saw two shining jewels in the darkness and is seeking to claim them. I believe their presence is a prelude to an incursion; perhaps one that will result in our timely extinction. 
Yes! Morn shouted. This is what I was hoping for; the proper perspective from a future world leader.
Future world leader? Drellic asked, with confusion.
Of course, my son. Or, havent you heard? Morn asked.
Drellic remained silent; the look of confusion never leaving his face.
Surely you must be aware by now, Morn began. The entire chain of command on this planet is dead and Marshall Law is in effect. Furthermore, as I am the sole survivor of the High Council, I am now Sirens Prime Minster, by default.
You? Drellic asked. You are now the leader of our nation?
For now, Morn answered. But when I take my final breath, and that day is coming soon, you will become Sirens shepherd and savior. You, my son, will be the one to lead our people in battle, against the monsters in our skies! 





 

Chapter Sixteen

Another two weeks had passed and mankind still had yet to establish any form of contact with the alien visitors. Nearly three hundred Planet Farmers had spread out within mans home system and were still maintaining steady orbits over Siren, Tyrran and Bouldon. 
At the same time, from half way across the galaxy, Kamael had sent a message to the Siren government, announcing that three alien vessels were currently in orbit around Kier-en; following the same protocol as the Planet Farmers in his home system; by maintaining radio silence and remaining dormant, in husks of what appeared to be the scaly skin of a dead fish. 
Much to Kamaels dismay, upon making contact with his government via his sub space transmission, he learned that Drellic Kail had become the acting Prime Minister of Siren; Morn Kail having been unable to leave his bedroom for several days.
Both the Kails and the High Council knew that it was only a matter of time before Morn decided to lay down his charge, due to his deteriorating health. And since no other worthy officials had been left alive by the insurgency attack, the people knew that the prestigious title would fall onto Drellics lap. 
And so it came to pass that on a warm sunny day in Siren City, on the front steps of the Great Hall, Drellic Kail recited the oath of office and was sworn in as the leader of the sovereign planet, Siren. 
Following the inauguration, Drellic assumed a tall podium, forged in the purest white crystal on the continent, and announced his very simple intentions to the people. But not before he told the story of how his family had gone from being treated as pariahs, to becoming the backbone of their society. 
We Kails have proven ourselves in the past, and we are prepared to do so again. So, as we enter what could very well be the darkest time in our history, let us remember that are not slaves to our fears. We have the right to go on being as strong and as proud as we have ever been, in order to see each other through this horrific ordeal, Drellic had said.
Because only together, can we defeat our domestic terrorist threats, as well as any other unforeseen terrors that may present themselves to us, he concluded, while trying not to glance up at the distant sea monster shaped blobs in the sky above.
Knowing that his words were being broadcast throughout the three human societies, as well as the new colony on faraway Kier-en, Drellic had made it a point to not speak of the looming aliens, directly. There was no way for him to know if the visitors were fluent in the ancient human language, and what combination of words might trigger their yet unseen tempers. 
But at the same time, although he had some reservations, he felt that the presence of the unknown creatures did not warrant the cancellation of a Prime Ministers inauguration. Drellic wanted to show his people that their government still functioned and that their leaders were committed to serving them, despite the recent assassinations and the arrival of the Architects. 
The crowd roared with approval as Drellic left the podium. Their generous ovation humbled him and gave him the reassurance he needed to officially begin his term, with an optimistic view of the future. And for just the briefest of moments, the sea of smiling faces and their thunderous applause, made him forget that the aliens were still lurking overhead.

Later that night, Moya announced that she was pregnant again; with another boy, as the genetic precursor test on her DNA had revealed. Drellic was once again on a path to having a son and the thought of becoming a father was already more important to him than his new title. 
The Kails sat down to dinner in the master bedroom to celebrate, in order to include Morn, who was still restricted to his bed. Drellics father was barely able to move his legs by this time, and only had minimal upper body strength. 
Fortunately, his mind was still very much intact, as were his vocal chords. Once the Kails meal of poultry, fresh vegetables, sweet pies and fine wines had come to an end, Morn once again requested to be alone with Drellic; something he had been doing frequently as of late.
Once Syll, Moya and Delendra left the room and closed the door behind them, Morn began chuckling to himself. 
What are you laughing at? Drellic asked; pleased to see even the slightest smile on the old mans face.
Call me crazy. But Im fairly certain that Delendra is a little upset that she isnt the one baring your child, Morn replied with a quiet laugh.
Dont be ridiculous, Drellic said. Shes overly friendly with me for her sisters sake. She may not appreciate me at all, for all I know.
Now, whos being ridiculous? Morn snapped. Shes wanted you from the moment she first set foot in this house; before you had ever returned from space. But no matter. We have more pressing matters to discuss.
Yes, sir. I know what must be done, Drellic dutifully replied.
Its no secret that Moya is already on a quick path to becoming a sympathizer, Morn began. Shes been defending the aliens since they first appeared. She believes that they will just sit there and that theyve come to save us from ourselves.
I know, Drellic said with disappointment. She may have joined the movement and not told us.
Im certain she has, Morn said. But lets let her think we dont know that. She doesnt know about our other suspicions either. We should keep it that way for now.
Drellic nodded in approval, then sat beside his father. 
The movement that Morn was referring to, was called a fate-ist movement, in which certain more religious members of society, were interpreting the arrival of the Architects as a sign from the fates. These people believed that the aliens were carrying a message of peace and sought to reunite mankind and save them from extinction. Moya had often expressed these beliefs; much to Morn and Drellics disapproval. 
We cannot be divided when the war begins; and a war is coming. I can promise you that, Morn said.
I understand, sir. I wont let it come to that, Drellic replied. 
If our family is divided, then how can we unite our people? Drellic added.
Morn nodded with a smile and firmly gripped his sons hand. 
Youve got the right instincts, son. Youre going to save humanity; not those monsters. And dont you ever forget that.

The following morning, the people of Siren City were awakened by a loud humming sound; louder than even the roar of the usual early morning ship traffic. Upon exiting their homes and looking over the city skyline, the citizens were frightened beyond measure at the sight of the Architect Flagship, hovering over the downtown area. 
The Flagship was the largest of the Planet Farmers present in the solar system. Dozens of monstrous tentacles stretched out from the ships center core. Each tentacle appeared as a separate organism; all having the characteristics of a scaly sea serpent, with rows of suction cups and slimy pulsating pores on their underbellies. The center core of the ship was covered in a long, slender metallic shell that appeared as rock in the light of the sun. 
Circular holes of different sizes were scattered across the shell, revealing more dark organic tissue, comprised of veins, scales and large pulsing white sacs beneath it. Within the sac like compartments, a green glow periodically moved back and forth just beneath their surfaces, and was clearly visible to the gathering citizens below. 
To the untrained eye, it looked as though a powerful electrical current was being charged inside the ship, giving the appearance of a devastating weapon being armed for impending use.
Once Drellic got his first glimpse of the ship from within the walls of his home, he ran to his wife, passionately kissed her lips and said, Its time. I have to do this. 
I know, she scoffed, while looking away. You have something to prove.
Its not about me, Drellic insisted. Its about the future. What if they do attack? The people need direction. A leader should be present.
Moya then looked back into Drellics eyes, smiled and said, Youve always made me proud. I know you will again. And I know youll come back.
He then kissed her again, but only long enough to whisper Goodbye, before darting down the stairs and into the dock; an armored garage behind the house, where the family air transports were stored.
Then without any regard for his personal safety, Drellic emerged out of the garage in one of his familys signature orange transports, and rocketed into the downtown area; weaving in and out of traffic lanes and massing crowds of pedestrians.
Minutes later, he reached the Great Hall at the center of the city, which was resting beneath the lowest hanging tentacle of the Flagship. Drellic popped open the side hatch on his ship and ran up the steps of the hall, to get a closer look.
The green current was getting brighter and louder with each moment and was descending from the slimy stomach like sections of the center core, all the way down to the tip of the lowest hanging tentacle, which was just a few dozen feet above the rooftop of the Great Hall. 
Thousands of people were standing in the streets behind Drellic. Some decided to run, but most realized that if they were about to be attacked, then there could be no escape; not with all of human society surrounded by other ships. 
Seconds later, the current had become as bright as the sun, illuminating the lowest hanging tentacle so brightly that its shape was no longer recognizable. 
Finally, as Drellic had the briefest memory of the cold discomfort he had felt during his encounter with the Emerald Fly in his bedroom, ten years earlier, the electric current extended downward from the end of the tentacle and struck the stone steps of the Great Hall; a few feet from where Drellic was standing.
When the light finally dimmed, and the people struggled to recover from the disorientation caused by the event, they saw Drellic standing at the top of the stone steps beside a taller man, bathed in the same enchanting green glow.
Drellic turned to the towering elderly man beside him, who reminded him of a paler, taller version of his father; with flowing gray hair drooping down passed the shoulders of his shimmering emerald cloak.
Upon following the green glow around the man with his eyes, to the hazy trail of green light which led back up to the looming tentacle, Drellic realized that there was no one physically standing before him. It was merely a holographic projection; similar to those used as viewers on Salvation.
Youve not even real, Drellic thought aloud, inadvertently capturing the attention of the projected entity. 
It was then that the visitor turned to him and asked, But what does constitute as real, Drellic Kail?

Chapter Seventeen

Dark clouds appeared over the Great Hall, as the projected man walked through the crowd at the base of the stone steps. He stopped in front of every person he saw and said their full names aloud, as if he were reading them from a list. 
A light rainfall then accompanied the glowing green path he had carved down the middle of the growing assembly. The rain drops fell around him, forming expanding ripples in the green veil of energy that surrounded him. 
As Drellic followed closely behind him, he could see the rain pass through his transparent form, causing his face to appear cloudy at times. Drellic could also see that the visitor was quickly gaining the affection of the people. They seemed spellbound by the mans charming smile and seemingly endless knowledge of Sirens citizens.
At one point, the Architect approached a sad faced woman standing at the back of the crowd and expressed his condolences for the loss of her son, one year earlier. That was when Drellic had heard enough from the visitor, who had all but ignored Drellic, since appearing at his side, minutes earlier.
Who are you? What is it you want? Drellic boldly asked the man, without even a hint of reluctance. 
The Architect seemed to once again, ignore Drellic and continued walking from person to person, reciting their names and showcasing bits of knowledge about their personal lives. 
Drellic perceived the aliens failure to acknowledge him, as a sign of unjustifiable arrogance and was immediately offended.
Without any reservations, Drellic quickly walked up behind the visitor and shouted, Excuse me! I asked you a question!
The Architect then came to a stop at the center of the crowd, and slowly turned around to face Drellic. 
What troubles you? There is great distress in your voice, Drellic Kail, the man quietly said.
I represent these people, Drellic replied. I speak for them. I mean no disrespect and I am honored to meet you, but I would like to know what your purpose here is.
The visitor remained silent and still for a moment. It was as if a third party had placed him on pause and the people of the city were watching a prerecorded film. A moment later, a sense of life returned to his face. 
The visitor then smiled at Drellic and said, Do not be afraid, Drellic. Do not be confused or frightened. You know who we are. You all do, he added, as his eyes drifted over the circling crowd. 
Really? Drellic asked, skeptically. Then, perhaps you could enlighten us. Because aside from what I myself witnessed, while I was half way across this galaxy, not very long ago, I think its much more likely that weve never met.
The visitors face became stern, as the electrical charge around him began to glow brighter with every slow step he took towards Drellic. 
It is understandable that you would not remember us, as we are presented before you now, the visitor began.
But long ago, before the people of your worlds could even understand the purpose of the sun in your skies, we were able to ensure that upon our return, you would all remember this moment.
With those last words from the visitor, the green light that surrounded him, blinded his audience. An intense burning sensation was felt by all those standing beneath the Architect Flagship that day, but was then suddenly overmatched by the bitter cold of a terrifying memory; a memory suppressed by the births and deaths of countless generations of man, over the previous five billion years.
The people were then forced to relive the memories of the first humans to awaken on Siren. They found themselves naked, alone and afraid. They could not comprehend their surroundings, or even their own thoughts. Neither language nor reason had any presence, as their basic instincts drove them to burst out of the slimy white cocoons they had been cultivated in.
Afterwards, they staggered together to the top of a frosty hill, where they looked up to the sky, to see the Planet Farmer that had deposited them on their new home, slowly retreating into the stars. 
Once the ship vanished, and the sunny morning sky was no longer tainted by the horrific looking organism that had birthed the first generation of man, the people simultaneously returned to reality. 
Once Drellic discovered that he was once again standing beneath the ominous dark clouds and alien ship, hovering over Siren City, he remembered the Emerald Flies. Drellic had never relived the first few painful experiences of humanity, before coming into contact with the visitor that day, but he knew that his father had once described the exact scene he had just lived through, a moment earlier.
Nearly every survivor of the lethal night terrors that had been linked to the Emeralds, described a vision very similar to the one Drellic and his citizens had just experienced. 
How long have they been here watching us? Drellic thought to himself. 
This may be difficult for you to understand, but in a very literal sense, we are your parents, the visitor proclaimed to the disoriented crowd. 
But we are not only responsible for your bodies, we are also the architects of the very worlds you live on, he added, while noticing Drellics increasing discomfort.
The visitor then went on to describe Eizenfar as it existed five billion years prior. He explained that his people believed that the galaxy would have indefinitely remained a lifeless void, had they not intervened; all the while completely neglecting to mention the existence of Aia. 
News crews from all over Siren arrived on the scene, as the visitor continued to tell the tale of mankinds true origins and the history of the Architects. The holographic representation of the Architects ambassador was being broadcast across Siren, Tyrran, Bouldon and Kier-en. 
A great deal of skepticism naturally came from the remarkable story humanity was being told. But since the majority of the people living in every human settlement, had experienced a shared vision of what was being called, The Birth of Man, the vast majority eventually came to believe that they were in fact, the descendants of genetically engineered men and women, crafted by the Architects.
By the time the visitor vanished from downtown Siren City, and the green light was retracted by the Architect Flagship, the aliens were being referred to as The Architects, by all of human society.  
Days later, after being challenged by Drellic to offer some proof as to their deep rooted connection with mankind, the Architects used the Planet Farmers in orbit around Siren and Tyrran, to introduce a gaseous cleansing agent into the planets atmospheres. Within minutes, the synthetic element that had been poisoning the two worlds for several millennia, had been eliminated, and all of the damage it had done had been reversed. 
The four domains of man erupted with celebration. The Architects had saved billions of lives and given man a prosperous future to look forward to. However, the two men and the heart of Siren were still not convinced that the Architects were truly a benevolent people. 
During the fourth night of interplanetary celebration, Morn and Drellic had sealed themselves off from the rest of Siren inside the dock of Kail House, while Syll, Moya and Delendra were representing the Kails at a celebratory banquet, at the Great Hall.
Morn had mustered the strength to climb down the several flights of stairs to the dock, refusing to lean on Drellic, regardless of how strongly he insisted. Together, they had entered the chamber and used a remote system to turn on the six transport engines at their disposal. 
Morn wanted to use the engines to muffle the sound in the room, in the event that the Architects or anyone recently affiliated with them, felt inclined to listen in on their conversation. 
Drellic knew that if they were so inclined, any attempts to avoid exposure would be futile, but he decided to humor his father for the time being, out of respect. 
Lets start with the most obvious, Morn rasped. 
To which Drellic replied, By all means. 
We dont even know what they look like, Morn said. Each time they appear, they appear as one of us in a beam of light. Like a fucking puppet show.
Our people have been so eager to worship them, Drellic replied. But we dont have a shred of proof that they are who they say they are. Yes. We all shared a compelling vision, but weve seen their technology. They couldve simply projected those images into our minds.
The Emeralds had something to do with it, said Morn. Those flies started buzzing around with that same green glow, and all of a sudden, people started having visions of those ships and dropping dead. Im probably next in line to be one of them! 
I believe they are still hiding their true intentions, Drellic began. But what I cant figure out is why they need us for whatever theyre planning. You would think that with their technology, itd be easy enough for them to wipe us out, overnight. They arrived in hundreds of those ships in the blink of an eye and we never saw them coming. 
Maybe youll find out when you go up inside that disgusting thing, Morn scoffed. Youre an idiot for doing it, Drellic. I hope you know that.
You keep saying that, Drellic replied, while rolling his eyes. But I have to do this. We were invited and Im planning to take them up on their invitation. Its the only way well ever truly know what were up against. 

At the very beginning of the mass celebration, the Architects ambassador, relayed a formal invitation from the Architects High Overseer to mans world leaders. Drellic and the High Council had been invited aboard the Architect Flagship for a tour of its facilities, on the following morning; an invitation that Drellic graciously accepted.

Chapter Eighteen

The next morning, Drellic and his advisors gathered on the rooftop of the Great Hall, anxiously awaiting the vehicle that would be transporting them to the Flagship. It was still looming over the city in the exact same position it had assumed when it first arrived, and had yet to make a sound or move any part of its slimy outer hull, since Drellic and his party had announced their decision to meet with the High Overseer. 
Nearly an hour had passed, since the government officials had assembled atop the Great Hall. The sun beat down on them with its scolding hot rays, as Siren City was entering its hottest period of the year. The longer he waited, the more Drellic felt as though he was about to suffocate beneath the thick black fabric of his formal government uniform, proudly displaying the ringed circles upon his right shoulder; the white symbol of unity between Siren and Tyrran, commonly displayed on banners across the two worlds.
So where is this ship? Derg Unidos, the current Secretary of Resources, asked Drellic. 
All the ambassador said, was that we would be transported promptly, Drellic answered, noticeably annoyed. 
Derg, a pale, obsese man in his mid-thirties, with foul smelling yellow teeth, then proceeded to bombard Drellic with the Great Halls latest gossip. Drellic was about to tell him to be quiet, but was interrupted by a strange tightening sensation around his chest. As time passed, he found it more and more difficult to breath. Dergs mindless chatter was also becoming quieter, as was all of the sound around him. 
A moment later, things began to feel smaller and further away to Drellic; as if he were being pulled under water. He turned to look at the people around him, but found that he could no longer see them. They appeared as simple outlines in a quickly darkening setting. 
Finally, the pressure on his lungs was squeezing so tightly that he was no longer able to breathe at all. And just when he felt like he was on the verge of passing out, the pressure was relieved and he was able to expand and compress his lungs comfortably again. 
He took a deep breath and took a look around, after noticing that his vision had also returned to normal. But to his surprise, he and his fellow public servants were no longer standing on the rooftop of the Great Hall.
Drellic and the High Council of Siren had been harnessed by some form of teleportation device and had come to find themselves inside a sealed dome of pulsing, black organic tissue. 
Upon regaining some measure of coherence, Drellic scanned the walls of the compartment and noticed a clear slimy substance streaming down to the floor around them. After further analysis, the compartment reminded him of being inside a giant lung. The thick tissue that encapsulated them was perpetually expanding and contracting, making it even more apparent that they were in fact, inside a gigantic living organism.  
Drellic took a step forward and was about to touch the skin of the chamber, when he suddenly felt something heavy roll against his left foot. When he looked down, he saw Derg lying on his back, gasping for air. 
Drellic and one of his colleagues struggled to help Derg to his feet, allowing him to catch his breath. The relocation process had involved a temporary collapse of his airways, sending the already unhealthy, obese man crashing to the floor, upon his arrival to the Flagship. 
OK. Not off to a good start, Derg gasped, in between large gulps of air. 
Drellic continued to suspiciously scan the area, as a few more minutes passed by; the boarding party still anxiously awaiting the arrival of their host. 
Somethings happening, Derg whispered, pointing to a widening circular gap in the tissue, overhead.
Eventually, a steady stream of green light emerged from the opening, instantly brightening the chamber. The stream made contact with the reptilian-like scale pattern on the metallic floor at their feet, and became a fixated flow of constant energy. 
Then, as the light slowly began to dim, the silhouette of a tall human male appeared inside it. It was another obvious hologram. The mans transparent skin and clothing were nearly overpowered by the cylindrical field of light and energy, surrounding him. The brightness of the light, made it difficult for Drellic to locate the edges of the mans face and body. 
He looked around thirty years younger than the ambassador, but had very similar facial features. He wore an identical emerald cloak and spoke in nearly the same voice as well. Only a slightly higher pitch in his voice, made it distinguishable from the ambassadors.
All this incredible technology, but no further creativity from its creators. How utterly depressing, Drellic thought.
Upon making brief eye contact with Derg, he knew that he had the same thought. 
Welcome aboard the Flagship, the man said with a smile. I am the High Overseer. Im pleased to meet you all. Shall we begin the tour?
The High Overseer took a step forward; the cylindrical field of light, remaining securely wrapped around him with his every step. 
Drellic was about to follow behind him and enter the next chamber of the ship, but chose to stop and interrupt the hologram, instead.
Excuse me, Drellic said, as the Overseer turned to face him. I just have one question, before we proceed.
Then, ask it, the Overseer cheerfully replied.
Is there any way to physically be in the same room with one of you? Drellic queried. 
The Overseer paused and stared blankly at Drellic, as if he did not understand his question. 
What he means is that weve never actually seen an Architect in person, said Derg. We are all curious as to whether or not that is going to happen soon. Thats all.
The Overseer paused again after making eye contact with Derg. He then turned his attention back to Drellic, smiled and replied, We cannot coexist in the same atmosphere. We have modified our atmosphere in certain chambers to accommodate humans, during the tour. After you leave, we will re-pressurize our ship with our own atmosphere and exit our hibernation chamber.
Drellic remained silent and respectfully nodded to the Overseer, but already had serious doubts about the validity of the Overseers delayed explanation for the Architects use of holograms, while communicating with humans. 
The Overseer then led the group to the far wall of the chamber, which parted ways, once the Overseer came close enough to it, to be recognized by whatever organic technology was controlling it. 
As the slimy tissue parted ways, clearing a path for the group into the next area, foul smelling vine-like fibers were slowly tugged apart and then snapped back into place along the edges of the parting skin. 
The group was forced to endure an obnoxious slurping sound, until a clear path was formed into the next area, which was another dome like structure, identical to the one they had just exited. 
It appears that our other guests have arrived, the Overseer said, while annoying Drellic with his consistently cheerful tone. 
He then moved aside, so that Drellic and his companions could enter the next room, where they found another boarding party, waiting for them. Empress Tila Hevett of Tyrran and Kamael; transported from Kier-en to Siren by the Archiects, were among them.
Drellics first priority was gathering as much information about the Architects as he could. But the presence of both Kamael and Hevett was very discouraging to him. Drellic was sure that being reunited with the woman responsible for banishing the Kails from Tyrran, along with his former executive officer, who had made sure to end his professional relationship with Drellic on harsh terms, would only complicate an already difficult situation.
To his dismay, Hevett approached him immediately. Drellic no longer had any feelings of camaraderie for Kamael, but would have certainly preferred his company to Tilas. 
Drellic Kail, she said with a smile, pleasantly extending her hand. 
Its wonderful to see you all grown up. Youve made quite a name for yourself.
Drellic reluctantly shook her hand, while mentally restraining his urge to strangle her to death, at that very moment. 
Its an honor to finally meet you in person, Empress, Drellic replied; a forced smile on his lips.
How is your father doing? she asked. I understand hes been quite ill for some time now.
He is a Kail, Drellic proudly replied. His strength is unwavering, as always. 
Im sure hell pull through, she said with a smirk, while briefly glancing down at the floor.
The miserable old woman wants to see my fathers corpse mounted on her wall, Drellic thought.
Mind your tongue, old hag.
After a few more false pleasantries were exchanged between them, Tila returned to her own entourage, leaving Drellic to deal with Kamael. But as the Overseer led the two boarding parties into the next chamber, Kamael did not even glance in Drellics direction. He decided to stay focused on his own chief advisor and the Overseer instead, determined to ignore Drellic throughout the duration of their time on the Flagship.
It left an unfortunate awkwardness in the air, but Drellic was pleased to be left in peace, as he mentally detached himself from all the people around him. 
While the other representatives of humanity dutifully followed behind the Overseer, hanging on his every word, Drellic was focused on every aspect of the Architect ship. He noted the shape of each room; the color of the skin, metal and wiring that lined the walls of every corridor and chamber, they came across. 
Eventually, the Overseer led them inside what he referred to as the heart of the ship. A loud pulsing sound, deafened the boarding parties; punishing them with intense vibrations and tones of various pitches. 
The room had been formed in the shape of a hexagon and the walls were lined with white skin tissue; expanding and compressing with the outer hull of the ship. The floor was crafted to look like a large camera lens, which was discovered to be part of an imaging system, capable of producing three dimensional holographic projections that engulfed the room.
This is how it was in the beginning, the Overseer said, pointing to a display of the ancient Architect Planet Farmer fleet, planting the seeds of life onto two desolate looking rocks in a large black abyss. 
As the fast paced evolution of the two worlds was displayed before the boarding parties in vivid detail, it became obvious that they were witnessing the forming of Siren and Tyrran. 
The tentacles of the Planet Farmers surrounding the two worlds were too numerous to count, and resembled interwoven strands of black fabric, covering the majority of the water and land beneath them. 
A well-conceived fabrication, Drellic immediately thought. 
In Drellics mind, the incredible technology being exposed to him at every turn, gave him even more of a reason to doubt the Architects. He knew that the Architects had the ability to fabricate whatever evidence they needed to support their claims of being mankinds creators.  
Excuse me, sir, Drellic called out to the Overseer, in the middle of his presentation. 
The Overseer then gave Drellic his full attention with his same cheerful smile, which was identical to all of the previous smiles the boarding parties had seen. Drellic almost immediately noticed that both the Overseer and the ambassador, had shown only three or four different facial expressions, since they first encountered humanity. 
Im sorry to interrupt. I just have one more question. What is the purpose of your return to our worlds? Drellic asked.
We have only come to marvel at our creations, the Overseer said. We never expected to see such intelligence and such technological progress from man. And when we decided to return to this part of the galaxy, we were overjoyed to find that our great experiment had evolved into the sophisticated spacefaring race, we see here today. 
Are there others? Derg asked. How many other sentient races have you created out there?
Before responding to Dergs question, the Overseer briefly displayed a stern facial expression for the first time, then quickly reverted back to his familiar pleasant nature.
It is our opinion that you are not yet ready to be given that information. All I can tell you is that there are others. And you will come to know them in time, replied the Overseer.
Drellic was becoming more suspicious by the second. He was about to question the Overseers response regarding the other sentient races they had designed, but was interrupted by a bright flash of light, which brought an end to the three dimensional Planet Farming presentation. 
Hours later, after a lengthy, mind numbing walk through dozens of identical corridors and skin covered dome-like structures, Drellic noticed a horizontal beam of green energy, held in between two short metallic pole shaped stabilizers. 
He spotted it after discretely working his way to the back of the group, placing him several feet behind the Overseer. He periodically turned around; each time verifying that no one was following him; at least not that he could see. 
The sparking beam of energy was at the other end of a narrow corridor to his left, and was the only source of light he could see anywhere at that end of the ship. His elevating heart rate made his legs shake, as he contemplated sneaking away from the group to investigate the beam.
Drellic was fully aware that he was most likely being monitored by an unseen security system, but he also knew that he could make the situation appear innocent, if he were caught wandering off. 
It was then that he decided to ignore his thoughts of the potential consequences for his actions, and carefully make his way to the other side of the ship. Drellic quietly stopped and dropped to one knee, in order to tie his shoe, allowing the group to walk several paces ahead of him.
He then waited for the group to pass out of sight, before returning to his feet. Once he stood up, he pretended to look around in a confused manner, as if to search for the rest of the boarding party. After a few more seconds passed by, Drellic quickliy darted down the narrow corridor and walked fifty feet to the strange fixated beam of light, which seemed to act as a laser protection system,  guarding a large square shaped steel door.  
As Drellic came closer to the beam, the sparks that danced around it, jumped higher and then joined together. They formed a second, serpent-shaped trail of energy, which lashed out at Drellic once he came to the end of the hallway. It was undoubtedly part of a security system of some kind, and someone or something was trying to prevent him from getting any closer to the thick steel door in front of him.
Drellic nervously checked the dark hall behind him and found that he was still not being followed. He then got the urge to test the beams accuracy, by approaching the door again. 
Once again, he was nearly shocked by the same snake-like extension of electrical energy and was forced to quickly back away into the corridor.
It was then that the ambassador appeared before him, projected from a small circular opening in the ceiling, directly over his head. 
Is there something I can help you find, Drellic Kail? he asked in a quiet, respectful tone.
Yes, sir, Drellic answered, startled by the abruptness of the ambassadors entrance. I just got separated from the group. Thats all.
We are aware, he quickly replied with a smile. The others have already been notified and are waiting for you at the other end of the hallway.
Thank you. Ill just go back the way I came then, Drellic stuttered, as he turned around. 
A moment later, the ambassador vanished and Drellic could see the light from the Overseers projection at the far end of the hall. Unwilling to further agitate the situation, Drellic started back towards his entourage, but not before he heard a faint whisper coming from the guarded steel door, behind him. 
He hesitantly stopped and turned to face the door, fearful that the ambassador would notice and reappear. When nothing happened, Drellic decided to take a few extra seconds to wait for the quiet voice in the distance to return.
Another moment later, Drellic was convinced he heard a young woman whispering his name from inside the protected chamber. It caused him to carelessly take a step back towards the door, which alerted the ambassador and caused him to reappear before him. 
Only once the hologram returned, it was displaying an emotionless expression and gave a series of monotone commands.
Drellic Kail, this area is off limits to visitors, the ambassador said. Return to your group, at once, for your own safety. Your failure to comply will result in your prompt expulsion from the ship.
Drellic knew that it was in his best interest to follow the aliens instructions, but his pride was beginning to overpower his capacity for rational thought again. 
What is back there? Drellic asked.
It is none of your concern, the ambassador harshly replied.
With all due respect, I am the Prime Minister. I am responsible for the wellbeing of the people of Siren. You claim to be a peaceful people. I would think that you would be willing to address any safety concerns I might have, Drellic snapped. 
The contents of that chamber are not a threat to anyone. They are simply none of your concern, the ambassador said, condescendingly. 
Drellic scoffed, then slowly began walking to the far end of the hallway to rejoin his party. But he only made it halfway there, before stopping and turning to face the ambassador again, who had been following him the entire time. 
Im sorry, sir. But thats just not good enough, Drellic said in an aggressive tone. 
The ambassador paused and asked, What are you referring to?
I said, I do not accept your answer. I demand to know what it is in that room, for the sake of my peoples safety, Drellic coldly demanded. 
The ambassador paused again, then reverted to his emotionless expression and monotone voice. 
Then you have chosen expulsion, the alien said, as Drellic could feel intense pressure tightening around his lungs again. 
Both the silence and darkness that accompanied the Architects relocation process returned to overpower Drellic, and once his senses returned to normal a few minutes later, he found himself standing alone on the rooftop of the Great Hall, in the dead of night. 



Chapter Nineteen

After being banished from the Architect Flagship, Drellic spent the next four days traveling in secret across the two worlds, hoping to gather information about the Architects, which could be used against them. 
Before leaving, he announced to the High Council that he would be taking a weeks leave for personal reasons. He then returned to Kail House, where he met privately with his wife and parents. He told them that he would be tied up in closed sessions with the government over the following week, to discuss the Architects ongoing presence over the worlds of man. 
The only person who knew of Drellics true intentions was his father, who whole heartily encouraged his sons quest to learn the truth about the mysterious aliens. 
Once Drellic was satisfied with his alibies, he acquired a transport with a falsified registration, through some of his dealership contacts in the city, and traveled the planet, in search for his answers.
The Architect Flagship had left Siren City, but was still in orbit around Siren; along with several other ships, not including the ships in orbit around Tyrran and Bouldon. 
Drellics new transport was equipped with a long range telescope, which had a built in long range infrared lens and a projector, for three dimensional mapping and imagery. 
He used it to monitor the alien ships within range of his vehicle, but found that he was unable to track individual heat signatures inside the ships. The organic husks on the Planet Farmers were somehow able to remain at very warm temperatures, even in the vacuum of space. 
The fact that his people were holding the Architects in such high regard, also put a damper on his situation. Everywhere he traveled, he found hordes of citizens taking part in public prayer sessions, where the Architects were practically worshipped as gods, in place of the fates. 
Recent scientific studies had proven that Architect technology had saved both Siren and Tyrran from atmospheric collapses, which would have reduced the planets to ashes. But Drellic believed that a price would one day have to be paid for such a kindness. 
Upon reaching the central point of the Siren Sea, after gliding over hundreds of miles of open water, Drellic saw a sight that sickened him. 
On Gravet Island, the largest island on Siren, Drellic saw a giant banner flying high over the capital city, displaying the face of the Architects High Overseer.
The banner was twice the size of the citys unity flag, displaying the ringed circles and cast an insulting shadow over it. Drellics stomach turned, as he witnessed the raising of the banner first hand, from inside his transport. 
How dare you insult millions of years of peace and progress?! We are the sons and daughters of the men and women who resurrected our civilizations! We are not the children of these cowardly creatures, who hide behind projected masks! Drellic thought; his own screams, echoing inside his mind for what felt like hours.
Despite his disgust for the people of Gravet Island, he waited until the banner raising ceremony ended, before proceeding to his next stop; Halathos; the most dangerous region on Siren.
Formerly a solid plain of granite, stretching for hundreds of miles, Halathos had become patch of very treacherous terrain. Thousands of giant X-shaped rock formations covered the area; collapsing without warning and crushing the local wildlife to death, each day. 
Oddly enough, the Architect Flagship had been spotted hovering just a few hundred kilometers above the area, which immediately peaked Drellics attention. He knew he was taking an awful risk by getting so close to the Overseers ship, but he could always count on his love for his people to smother his fear, during his times of self-doubt. 
Two hours after he left Gravet Island, he arrived on the outskirts of Halathos, where he had a clear view of the Architect Flagship. The monstrous entity seemed to slither across the sky, like a predator hunting its next meal. 
Drellic attempted to scan the ship with his infrared lens, but was once again blinded by the intense heat of the ships outer skin. Then, just as he was about to increase the strength of the lens, the topside of his ship was smashed into by an unknown force, causing his cabin ceiling to cave in. When he attempted to restart his engines and escape, he found that whatever had struck the top of his transport, was also pinning it to the ground. 
He used a voice command to open the port side window and stuck his head outside to find out what had trapped him against the rocks below. 
At first, Drellic thought that one of the massive boulders from an unstable rock formation had landed on him. But he distinctly heard the sound of metal crashing against metal, when he was struck. 
Drellic cautiously looked up to the transports top side, when he saw a giant metal claw attached to an unmarked cargo ship, hovering overhead. It was a dark green heavy cruiser; a ship commonly used by the insurgency. 
Just my luck, he thought, as the steel claw gripping his transport, retracted into the cargo bay of the heavy cruiser; dragging Drellic into the hands of one of his many enemies.
When the transport came to a stop, Drellic heard the cruisers cargo bay doors closing beneath him. He then heard the distinct sound of a cutting torch, carving its way through the metal hatchway beside him. 
A moment later, a circular portion of the hatch fell into the cargo bay of the cruiser, exposing Drellic to his captors. Upon hearing footsteps approaching him, Drellic decided to stand still in the open hatchway, since there was clearly nowhere to hide. 
Drellic then gasped, after identifying the person who had used the cutting torch. It was Moyas sister, Delendra.
Delendra? What the hell are you doing here?! Drellic yelled through the opening.
Delendra responded by pointing a laser rifle at Drellic and instructing him to exit the transport. Once he did, Delendra ordered him to get down on his knees and face her. 
Delendra, I dont understand, he stuttered. Whats the meaning of this? 
You are the property of the insurgency now, she said. Over the next several minutes, you alone are going to decide whether you live or die.
What are you talking about?! Why the fuck are you doing this?! Drellic screamed. You of all people! Are you serious?!
We know youve been studying them, Delendra said. The Architects. We know what youre after. Weve seen it. Youve been right all along, brother-in-law. They are hiding something. They are manufacturing something terrible on that Flagship; most likely a biological weapon for some sick experiment.
How do you know this? Drellic hesitantly asked.
Weve been monitoring you, Delendra said. Youve been searching for the wrong data. Youve been focusing on heat, when you should have been focusing on cold.
Delendra then used a small hand held projector, to show Drellic a three dimensional image of the Architect Flagship, and a rectangular chamber at the center of the ship, highlighted in blue, to indicate extreme cold. 
Within the outline of the chamber, Drellic could see thousands of tiny specks of white light, indicating intense radiation. 
What is that? Drellic pondered. It cant be part of their propulsion system or main power supply. They dont use anything that produces radiation. Their technology is way beyond that.
Then use your scientific mind to find the most logical explanation, Delendra demanded.
A weapon, Drellic quietly replied, as his voice trailed off. It would have to be. There can be no other purpose, due to what weve learned about their ships.
Exactly, Delendra snapped. So, as I said before. Its time for you to choose; to choose whether you live or die. Youve always said that you would do anything for your people; for Siren. This is your chance to prove it.

Part Three: The Blood of Aia
Chapter Twenty

Drellic had always known that there was something strange about Delendra Fen. But he never would have guessed that she had become a main informant and operative for the insurgency, immediately after her graduation from her academy. 
Hours after Drellic had been taken from Halathos against his will and held at gun point by his sister-in-law, he came to learn some very interesting information about his government.
Delendra, it seemed, had come into possession of some very sensitive data files, indicating that the governments of both Siren and Tyrran had been aware of the Architects presence in the galaxy for hundreds of years. 
Pages of deep space telescope images of Architect Planet Farmers, sea serpent- like shuttle craft and mechanical probes that resembled tarantulas, were handed to Drellic by the stack; each of them centuries old. 
Delendra had said that being the sexually appealing sister-in-law of the Prime Minister was all she needed to acquire the documents. She mocked Drellic; accusing him of blindly following the powers that be, while they conspired to enslave their citizens with the help of the aliens. 
Drellic called her theories ludicrous, and insisted that it was the Architects who were the true enemy of the people and not the government. But the internal scan that Delendras people had performed on the Architect Flagship, was more than enough to convince Drellic that the aliens were a hostile people. 
We will fight for you, Delendra said. But only if you truly believe what you are saying. Furthermore, you must announce your beliefs to the worlds and show them the evidence we have given you. It is your only chance to get what we both want; an uprising.
Despite his many reservations, Drellic knew Delendra was right. He believed that his people deserved to know about the dangers lurking over their heads. But he also knew that it would take a lot of convincing to sway the judgment of the Architects many devoted followers. 
He also realized that there would be an agonizing backlash at his own home; his mother and his pregnant wife also being adamant Architect supporters. But each time he thought of the hardships he would soon face with his family, he remembered his fathers words. He remembered that he had sworn to his father that he would do what was necessary to protect Siren from any threat.
He did not then, nor did he ever trust the insurgency. But whether he respected them or not, they had just empowered him with the means to change his peoples hearts and minds about his greater enemies. And that was a power that he was not planning to relinquish. 
Later that same day, he convinced Delendra and her associates, beyond a shadow of a doubt that he would bring both their evidence and his own before the worlds of man, in order to cast the first stone against the Architect fleet. 
Whether or not he would expose Delendra as an insurgency operative, was a question he decided he would answer much later. 

After being absent from his work and family two days longer than he had planned, the High Council contacted Moya, asking for the Prime Ministers whereabouts, as they had been unable to reach Drellic for the previous six days. His unfortunate run in with the insurgency had cost him his alibi.
When Drellic returned to Kail House on the sixth night, he was greeted by a violent slap across the face; courtesy of his mother.
How dare you?! Syll shrieked, as she swung back to hit him again. 
She looked hopelessly disheveled in her bathrobe, awkwardly swinging her open palms at her sons face, as he walked effortlessly into the family room, while holding her back at an arms length. Syll hadnt slept in days, but seeing her son after all the confusion and worry he had caused, was enough to fully reenergize her.
You think because youre the Prime Minister, you can treat your family like garbage and lie to us?! Syll screamed, as she finally let her arms fall to her sides.
Im sorry, mother. I truly am, Drellic began. But there are many things you dont understand.
Dont even think about blaming the damned council! Moya hollered, as she entered the room behind Syll.
I know you werent really in any meetings! I was also told that you offended the Architect Overseer and were thrown off his ship! What the fuck have you been thinking?! Are you trying to alienate all the people who care for you and want to help you?! Moya yelled; her face red with rage and her eyes staring into his with a cold gaze. 
Drellic was on the verge of apologizing, before his wife had made the comment about the Architect ship and Drellic alienating those that could help him.
Who are you speaking on behalf of now? Drellic aggressively asked. Are you defending my family, or are you defending them?
Im defending both, Moya replied. You have no reason or right to treat anyone the way you have been lately. Youve been different ever since you came back from Kier-en.
Shes right, Syll added. Listen to your wife, my son. We can get passed whatever it is youre going through. But we need the truth!
Drellic then smiled and replied, Thats what Ive been trying to tell you. Ive been doing everything in my power, to bring the truth to light. And Ive finally found what Ive been searching for.
What the hell are you talking about? Moya asked, as she crossed her arms to avoid Drellics touch. 
Im speaking before the worlds tomorrow, to make a very important announcement, Drellic boasted, with an arrogant and maniacal grin.
I suggest you both pay very close attention to what I have to say.
With those last remarks, Drellic left the room and ascended the grand staircase, leading to the master bedroom. There, he found his father waiting for him, while resting comfortably in the master bed.
I heard most of it, Morn said, with a quiet laugh. So, you did find something then? 
Oh yes, sir, Drellic proudly exclaimed. I found something, alright. They knew, father. They knew about them all along. And worse yet, the aliens are hiding something aboard the Flagship. Its a massive refrigeration unit, containing spikes of intense radiation; the likes of which I have never seen. 
It must be a weapon, Morn hastily replied.
My thoughts exactly, said Drellic. The people need to know about this. No more lies. No more secrets.
Put it all out in the open, Morn rasped, as he coughed up small droplets of blood onto the white sheets on his lap.
Remember. They may hate you at first. But you will be saving them in the end, and be remembered for all time as a hero. You are doing this for all of mankind. But more importantly, you are doing this for the world that has served our family so well. You are doing this for Siren.
Yes, father, Drellic replied with a respectful nod. We will force the Architects to reveal themselves to us. Or, perhaps they will simply leave. But the most likely scenario is an obvious one. 
A war, Morn whispered. 
War, indeed, replied Drellic. May the fates forgive us. 

On the following morning, Drellic stood behind a crystal podium atop the stone steps of the Great Hall, and gave a historic speech that was broadcast throughout the hundreds of thousands of cities across Siren, Tyrran, Bouldon and Kier-en. 
Even the members of his own council, standing at attention behind him, had no idea what he had been planning to say. But as the elderly members of the council came to find out, Drellic had placed them in plain view of the public, to expose their knowledge of the Architects, prior to their arrival. 
Some members proceeded to argue that the government did not wish to cause a panic throughout the worlds, but Drellic quickly silenced their defenses and proceeded to reveal his personal reasons for being suspicious of the Architects. 
What amazed Drellic the most, was how little the majority of his people seemed to care about the Architects use of holographic digital representations of themselves, before Drellic pointed it out. The people had been so preoccupied with the mass celebrations following the aliens arrival that they neglected to see the Architects reluctance to reveal themselves physically, as a potential problem. 
Drellic then decided to fuel the fire he had started, by discussing the mystery surrounding the number of Architect ships that were circling the worlds of man. He also used an expression that was quickly becoming one of his many taglines. 
Visitors do not come unannounced, wanting nothing, he said. They linger like pests. If they truly want nothing, why are they still here? Are we doomed to follow them? Or, are we just doomed?
He could then hear an argument brewing in the crowd before him. Those still in favor of the Architects presence bickered with those who shared Drellics suspicions. It was then that Drellic decided to share a projection of the three dimensional map of the Flagship that Delendra had given him. The holographic schematic was encrypted with a special barcode, representing the technology used to create it, which verified its authenticity. 
Those watching and listening, including Drellics family and council, were shocked by the amount of hazardous radiation being stored on a ship with no practical use for radioactive materials. 
There were some in the crowd that were still not convinced, but the majority of those watching Drellic in downtown Siren City, were open to the possibility that the Architects were not as benevolent as they appeared. 
Drellic glanced over at Moya, who had been standing beside the podium the entire time, while he waited for the roar of the crowd to die down. He noticed an impassive expression on her face, as if she were no longer conflicted about the aliens but did not know, or did not wish to express whatever opinion she had chosen. 
Once the crowd quieted down, Drellic noticed Delendra standing beside Moya and his mother, staring at him intently. He then nervously looked over the crowd, searching for other members of the insurgency, who could have been lurking in the shadows. 
His podium was equipped with an energy shield that would react to any weapons fire within less than a millisecond, but for all Drellic knew, a would-be assassin from Delendras company, might have had access to technology capable of overriding his shield. 
Delendra was searching for something in him; something to further prove his devotion to his convictions. But what Delendra didnt know, was that Drellic had already planned to invite the Architect Overseer, to personally appear before humanity and defend his people. 
I know you can hear me, Drellic sternly said into the microphone. I know you are watching me right now and that you have heard every word Ive said. Now is the time for you to face me in person, without the use of a preprogrammed hologram, and prove me wrong.
Several minutes of silence followed Drellics challenge to the Overseer. Eventually, several hours had passed without any contact from any Architect ship; yet the fleet was still orbiting the worlds of man, blotting out the stars, as night returned. 
Many people remained indoors for the next few days; burrowing themselves in their basements out of fear of an alien attack. 
Drellics mother and wife remained at a distance during the aftermath of Drellics speech; making themselves scarce whenever he returned home. Morn on the other hand was overjoyed at his sons courage. The two of them shared a congratulatory toast, before Drellic retired to bed one evening. 
Moya slept in the family room that night, as she had the last few previous nights, allowing Delendra to discretely sneak into Drellics bedroom, while he slept. 
She gently touched his shoulder, startling him awake. 
What do you want? he whispered. You shouldnt be here now.
Now is exactly the time, she softly replied. You need only look out your window, to see why.
Delendra then took Drellic by the hand and led him to his balcony, where he saw that the Architect Flagship had returned and was hovering over Siren City.
When did that happen? Drellic asked.
A few hours ago, Delendra replied. We believe it is a message. A message for you.
Whats the message? Drellic asked.
You left them the next move and it seems theyve made it, Delendra whispered. I believe he is waiting for you; the Overseer. Perhaps you should give him what he wants.
Sure, Drellic said, sarcastically. Ill just head on up there and give him a piece of my mind. That worked so well before, remember? No. I gave him my terms. He can come down here himself and face all of us.
I was thinking of something a little more productive, actually, Delendra said with a smirk, as she handed Drellic a small gray metal box with word characters etched into the top, translating to, WARNING: BIOHAZARD. 
How did you get one of these? Drellic asked. The military stopped carrying these centuries ago.
You should know by now that we have our ways, Drellic, Delendra answered with a smile. 
The device in Drellics hands was called a scrubber, used to eliminate pockets of radiation after a nuclear war. He knew that it could theoretically be used to render the Architects secret weapon inert, but he had no idea, as to how he would ever get it near the secret chamber on the Flagship.
Delendra then proposed a distraction, courtesy of the insurgency cell in Siren City that would increase Drellics chances of boarding the Architect Flagship, without being detected. 
It doesnt seem possible, Drellic said in a discouraging tone.
I thought you were committed to this, Delendra snapped. I thought you wanted this for your people. This is the only way.
But how can you ensure that this will succeed? How can you guarantee that I will even get on board? Drellic asked.
I cant, said Delendra. But I can tell you this. If you dont try, we will kill both you and your family, then replace you with another martyr. You are only the desired candidate because youve already been close to the chamber. You know exactly where it is.
I somehow doubt that youd kill your own sister, Delendra, Drellic scoffed.
Dont be so sure, Delendra replied. Youd be amazed at how far Im willing to go to see this through.
Delendra then quietly left the room, leaving the scrubber with Drellic. When Drellic returned to bed, he contemplated the possibilities of what the insurgencys plan might be to get him back to the Architects secret chamber.
His mind then drifted back to the first time hed been there; the moment he heard a womans voice whispering his name from inside. He heard her voice over and over again, as he fell back asleep. 
He then dreamt of floating in space, as the voice continued calling his name. As he slowly turned to face source of the haunting whispers, he found himself drifting into the path of a white star that set his body ablaze, as he briefly saw his beloved Moyas face, just before he died.
He awoke in a cold sweat the following morning. As he rolled over onto his side, he found a folded piece of paper on his nightstand that hadnt been there hours earlier, while he was speaking with Delendra. 
He unfolded the page and found that someone had left a message for him. The note read, The rooftop of the Great Hall at midday. Bring the device.

Chapter Twenty One

Drellic showered, dressed in his official attire and ate a hearty breakfast of meat, eggs and biscuits, just as he did nearly every morning. He then quickly made his way to the front door, holding a small duffle bag, containing the scrubber, firmly in his hand. 
He unlocked the door and prepared to leave, without having said one word to his wife, who had been sitting silently in the family room the entire morning. Knowing he had her best interests at heart, he was content to leave the house without as much as a glance in her direction. But just as he opened the door, he saw her standing beside him with a scowl on her face.
I have to leave, he said, firmly. We can talk about this later. 
I lost another child, Moya whispered, just as Drellic stepped out the door.
He then stopped, stepped back inside and dropped the duffle bag to the floor. His heart sank.
What? he asked in disbelief.
I lost another little boy, she sobbed. You broke my heart. Your obsession, your secrets, your lies! They tore me up inside! But I suppose that can be your punishment! Its just a shame that I must suffer through it as well.
Drellic just stared blankly at her for a moment, before reaching down and picking up the duffle bag. He knew he had to remain steadfast if he was to make it to the Great Hall on time, and did not wish to jeopardize Moyas safety any more than he already had.
Like I said. Well talk about this later. Im sorry, he said, while choking back his tears. He then left the house and slammed the door behind him, leaving Moya behind in agony; whom Syll could not even attempt to comfort. 

Nearly an hour later on the rooftop of the Great Hall, Drellic found himself alone with the radiation scrubber, and the Architect Flagship looming over his head, casting a chilling tentacle shaped shadow that made him quiver with fear. 
The anticipation was killing him. He felt what he was doing was right, he just didnt know how he was going to do it. 
Then without warning, Drellic heard the unmistakable sound of Sirens defense grid launching lethal blasts of energy at the Architect Flagship. He slowly spun himself around, to get a clear view of the entire perimeter of the city, where he saw the massive gun turrets that guarded the citys borders, firing round after round.
The defense grid hadnt been used in many years and Drellic wasnt even aware that it was still operational. But its sudden activity had proven Jin Callos theory about insurgency members working as sleeper agents in the Great Hall, to be correct. 
To Drellics surprise, he could hear cheering from the streets below. Citizens were running outside to praise what they perceived to be a government attack against the aliens. But Drellic knew all too well that Delendra was behind it all and that her plan was about to come to fruition.
As he continued to look on, Drellic noticed that the energy blasts were having no effect on the Flagship. An electrical charge formed over the skin of the ship and was effortlessly absorbing each impact. 
After another minute of constant firing from the defense grid, the Flagship finally started to move away from the city. At first, Drellic thought that the Architects were retreating, but as it turned out, they were merely increasing their altitude in order to launch their counter measures. 
The electrical charge that had been acting as the aliens shield on points of impact had come to surround the entire ship. Intensifying waves of energy passed back and forth over the Flagships hull, indicating that something monumental was about to occur. 
But just when Drellic thought his life was about to come to an end, he heard a loud whirring sound and felt a two muscly arms grab him from behind. He then found himself in the open cabin of an unmarked airship, where Delendra had been waiting for him.
The ship was open on both the port and starboard sides, revealing the city below and the approaching energy shield around the Architect Flagship. It didnt take Drellic long to realize that they were on a collision course with the shield. 
What the fuck are you thinking?! Drellic screamed to Delendra. You cant be serious! Were all going to die! 
Weve been studying this ship, since it first arrived. We know this will work, Delendra insisted. You just have to trust me.
Trust you?! We need to turn back! Were all going to die! Drellic yelled.
Thats partially true! Delendra shouted. We will! But you wont.
She then crawled over to Drellic and softly kissed him on his lips, while tying his duffle bag to his waist with a piece of rope. 
Goodbye, she whispered in his ear, as she violently shoved him out the wide open port side of the ship, sending him flying into the Architects electrical field. 
Drellic once again braced for death, but instead found himself feeling no pain as he passed through the shield. He then crashed into the skin of the Flagship, which he was also able to pass through almost seamlessly, like a knife through butter. 
A moment later, he found himself naked and alone inside an organic dome-like structure, similar to the one he had seen the first time he was on board. 
As he had no trouble breathing, Drellic had just proven to himself that the Overseer had lied to him about requiring a separate atmosphere for his people. 
It seemed that the energy shield surrounding the Flagship, disintegrated his clothing, but left his body perfectly intact. Evidently, Delendra knew that organic materials would have no difficulty penetrating the shield or skin of the ship.
He then fearfully checked his waist for the scrubber. The thick rope around his waist had almost been completely reduced to ash, but the scrubbers strong outer casing had saved the device from burning up as well. 
Unbeknownst to Drellic, moments after he had successfully boarded the Flagship, the Architects energy shield sent out an electromagnetic pulse, which made every vehicle and device on the planet Siren that required any form of energy based current, utterly useless. This sent Delendras airship crashing into the surface below, killing everyone on board upon impact. 
Drellic cautiously pulled apart a tall seam in the organic wall of the chamber ahead of him, allowing him to move on to the next area. He was still alone, but was constantly questioning how long that would last. 
Clutching the scrubber firmly in hand, Drellic pressed his ear to the far wall of the second chamber and heard the familiar sound of the protective energy beam that guarded the door to the radiation chamber. After slowly pulling apart the wall, while listening to the disturbing sound of the entrail-like fibers becoming untangled in his hands, he found the dark corridor he had discovered on his previous journey through the ship. And at the end of that corridor, was the protected steel door; presumably the storage room for the Architects doomsday weapon. 
He started down the corridor, knowing it was far too late to turn back. But he couldnt help but hesitate at the thought of what had happened the last time he was in that same hallway. Drellic suspected that at any moment, he would be silently relocated or killed. He at the very least, expected to see the Architect ambassador appear before him and for him to interrogate him. 
With hundreds of similar ships still circling the four human domains, both Drellic and the insurgency had ruled that an attempt to simply destroy the Architect Flagship from the inside, would be futile and that rendering their weapon inert would be the best way to expose their true intentions and rally more support. 
They also had no way of knowing if any of the other ships were housing such large quantities of radioactive materials, but there was also little chance that humanity would receive an opportunity like this ever again.
After one final moment of hesitation, Drellic briefly turned his back to the steel door. But upon doing so, he heard the same whisper he had already heard many times before. 
Drellic, where are you going? the voice asked.
The sheer allure and mystery surrounding the voice gave Drellic the confidence he needed to proceed as planned. Without another flicker of wavering confidence, Drellic sprinted to the door and used the nearly indestructible alloy of the scrubbers casing, to break through the steel poles, holding the protective energy beam in place. Once the beam was no longer active, he turned his attention to the steel door.
Since he had never gotten that far into that area before, it was his first time realizing that it was the least organic part of the ship. In order for Drellic to enter the room, he would have to use the very laser used to guard the door, to cut a hole in it. 
The exposed wiring on the severed bottoms of the short metal stanchions seemed familiar enough to him. He was able to rewire and charge just one of the stanchions and convert it into a cutting torch. Sparks flew at every inch of his exposed body, burning his shoulders and torso almost instantly. But he fought through the pain and managed to successfully cut his way inside his target area. 
As he entered the dark metallic corridor on the other side of the door, he was amazed that he still hadnt been stopped by any of the alien crew yet. But as he slowly crept towards a faint light source at the other end of the corridor, he heard crashing noises all around the outer hull of the ship; which was actually the sound of ships rendered powerless by the electromagnetic pulse, as they crashed lifelessly into the Architects energy shield; their crews burning alive within seconds. 
Drellic was feeling hopeful that the aliens were still distracted by whatever was going on outside and made his way to the other end of the corridor, where he found something that completely defied his expectations.
Instead of a weapons chamber or armory of some kind, Drellic had stumbled onto what resembled a scientific laboratory. A long black grid hanging from the metallic ceiling, held hundreds, perhaps even thousands of tiny glass vials; each containing a glowing white liquid.
As Drellic approached the grid, he felt a strange pulling sensation throughout his entire body. Something unknown and unseen was drawing him to the strange substance. The substance within the vials was making the scrubber go haywire. It was designed to emit a shrill beeping sound, whenever in the presence of radioactive materials. But despite repeated warnings from the device, Drellic could not help but submit to the strange power the substance seemed to have over him. 
Once standing in the center of the grid, while admiring the glowing vials hanging over his head, he heard the sound of a mechanical device coming towards him from the other end of the corridor behind him. It was the familiar sound of crashing heavy metal footsteps; reminiscent of Tyrrans mechanical royal guards. 
Whether the Architects themselves were coming to collect him, or some form of robotic assassin was on its way, Drellic knew that time was short and that he needed to act. 
He prepared to activate the scrubber, by opening its casing, revealing a bright multicolored control pad of dials and keys. But before he could make his first key stroke, he found himself feeling uncontrollably drawn to the glowing vials, dangling above him, like sparkling icicles on the darkest nights during the Siren cold spell. 
The alluring voice continued to call out to him. But it was no longer coming to him in the form of words. It was simply a feeling; a feeling that the answer to his problems was in those glass vials and not in the crude mechanical device in his hands. 
Drellic then dropped the scrubber to the floor, allowing the exposed keypad to smash against the hard metal at his feet; shattering it to pieces. He then lifted a single vial from the grid and held it close to his eyes; waiting for something to happen. 
Then, just as the echo of steel pounding against steel sounded like it was coming from just a few feet behind him, the liquid shot out of the vial, in the form of a single energy pellet and penetrated his forehead, without leaving any kind of wound on his skin.
Once the compound was inside his body, it instantly formed a symbiotic relationship with his brain and also bonded with his entire nervous system. The first few minutes of exposure were the hardest for Drellic, because he did not yet realize what had happened to him.
Drellic turned to face the corridor, where he saw a tall metallic centurion, standing several feet over his head. Its gleaming armor covering its bulky arms and torso, towered over him, shimmering in the light from the other vials hanging from the grid. 
He looked into its desolate black metal face plate and the intimidating white eye on top of it, which fired a concentrated burst of energy at his chest. And to Drellics complete surprise, his body absorbed the energy and sent it coursing through his muscles, like a shot of steroids, without inducing any pain whatsoever.
The machine then attempted to stomp him into the floor. It raised its giant circular foot high over Drellics head and quickly thrust it down onto his body. 
Drellics only instinct was to raise his hands over his head, but upon doing so, he inadvertently sent the centurion flying backwards and crashing into the side of the dark corridor. 
Whats happening to me? What is this? Drellic thought, as he quickly realized he had the means to escape. 
He decided to test his new found strength by charging the machine. But to his delight, he was not only able to tackle and dismantle the behemoth with his bare hands. His legs propelled him into the robot at an incredible speed, causing him to take on the form of a flesh colored blur, before reappearing atop the demolished centurion; which had been reduced to a pile of twisted wiring and metal. 
Drellic then went on a rampage and burst through the walls of each compartment of the ship, as if they were made of paper. And although he did not know where the ships vital systems were, he had mistakenly destroyed enough of them to send the mighty Architect Flagship into an irreversible flat spin, causing it to crash into the city below. 
Given his new abilities, Drellic was unharmed, but the sight of the devastation he had caused, and the number of casualties he had been responsible for, saddened him greatly. Smoke was rising from the burning flesh of the Flagship; its tentacles wrapped around the ruins of Siren City skyscrapers. 
But amidst the dust, rubble and flames, Drellic spotted a little boy writhing in pain several feet away. The childs leg was caught under a heavy metal beam from a collapsed building, and he looked as though he would bleed to death in minutes.
Drellic then realized the true potential of the miracle compound he had discovered on the alien ship. What he had thought was a weapon meant to destroy mankind, had the potential to be the element that would save them. 
But did the crash destroy them all? Drellic thought in a panic, while listening to the boy screaming in agony. 
He bolted back inside the ship, instantly arriving back at the demolished laboratory, where he found the black metal grid still hanging from the ceiling, and the majority of the vials still secured onto it. 
Then in a series of quick flashes, he charged back and forth, carrying as many of the vials as he could each time. Finally, he had retrieved all that could be salvaged, wrapped himself in a blanket he found on the side of the road, and quickly approached the boy. 
The child fearfully looked up at Drellic; his face covered in his own blood and tears. He saw a gleaming vial in Drellics hand and watched as Drellic held it in front of his face.
What is it?! the boy cried out in pain.
Drellic simply replied, The future.












Chapter Twenty Two

Drellics discovery aboard the Architect Flagship changed the course of human history, by providing ordinary men and women with super strength and speed. It also gave a new lease on life to both the sick and the dying. Those who accepted Drellics miracle element into their lives, never again contracted any illness or even aged; making immortality the last of the compounds benefits to be discovered.
In response to the destruction of their Flagship, the other Architect vessels used their own electromagnetic pulses to essentially shut down all of human society throughout the galaxy. But the introduction of the miracle element into the general population, made the loss of their use of technology, a miniscule sacrifice. 
As the Architects spent the next several years remaining hidden behind false holographic versions of themselves, and kept mans ships and weapons in a useless state, more and more people began to follow Drellics cause and grew to hate the aliens.
No one could explain why the Architect fleet was still lingering in human territories, even ten years after the destruction of the Flagship. But Drellic knew that it was because of the powerful compound he had discovered and recently administered to so many of his people, across the four domains of man. 
Drellic believed that The Overseer was studying the immortal army of super-humans that he had created; most likely trying to find a way to reverse the effects of the compound.
Finally after a decade of silence from the aliens, the Overseer asked to speak privately with Drellic, who had become much more than the Prime Minister of Siren. He had become the most feared and respected human in the galaxy. 
With his fearful wife Moya by his side, who had repeatedly refused to accept Drellics miracle element into her body, Drellic met with the Overseer to discuss a cease of hostilities between the two peoples, as well as man regaining control over their technology. 
Drellic left Moya alone in a wooded area on the outskirts of Siren City, as he entered a clearing to speak with the Overseers familiar hologram.
You are looking well, Drellic Kail, the Overseer politely remarked; the sun rising behind him.
There will be no pleasantries exchanged between us, Drellic snapped. We have kept our end of the bargain. We have ceased all hostilities. Now, we ask that you do the same; by returning control over our technology to us.
Make no mistake. It was you who attacked us first, the Overseer replied. We came in peace. We have always been of peace.
Is that why you created the compound that has made us into gods?! Drellic shouted. Where was your benevolence then? Or are you going to tell me that you werent planning on using something like that, against my people!
Your ingesting the element was unprecedented, the Overseer said. To be honest, Im not so sure I know what it will mean for the future of your race. It is an element we have never even fully understood ourselves; even after billions of years.
If thats true, then what is it? Drellic asked. What was its purpose?
The Overseer paused and replied, The element is called Starblood. It is also known as, The Blood of Aia. 
Who? What? Drellic asked, puzzled. 
Our oldest ancestor; an immortal and all powerful being of pure energy, the Overseer replied. Youve tasted the essence of her life force, as have many other humans. It is possible that your race may belong to her now. That is one of many things that remains to be seen. As I said, this was most unprecedented.
Then, take it back! Moya screamed, as she entered the clearing behind Drellic. 
Drellic whirled around, giving his wife an angry look of disapproval.
I told you to stay back! Drellic screamed.
But Moya ignored him and pleaded with the Architect Overseer to find a way to take back the Starblood; the element she felt had poisoned her people.
You are not the man I fell in love with! she screamed at Drellic. Youve become a monster! And youre turning all of our people into mindless monsters as well! The Architects came in peace. They saved us from extinction and you repaid them by starting a senseless war and robbing them of something you dont even understand!
Your wife has proven herself to be most wise, Drellic Kail, the Overseer remarked. You would be wise to accept her judgment as fact. You may have doomed your race without even realizing it. Furthermore, we are a people as old as time itself. And we created you. In time, we will find a way to reclaim the essence of our ancestor. In time, you will see that this is a battle you will never win. 
We will see, Drellic softly replied, while giving his wife an irate glare. We will see.
For now however, we will relinquish our control over your technology. It is after all, of very little concern to us, the Overseer said. Consider it an act of good faith. I sincerely hope you will give one in return. Good day to you both, he said with a smile, before vanishing into thin air.
Drellic then turned to Moya and asked, Do you have any idea what youve done? The position youve put me in?
No, Moya sobbed. What could I have possibly done to the great Drellic?
Youve revealed yourself to be a threat to me, as well as to our people, Drellic coldly replied. 
What are you talking about? I tried to save you, Moya cried.
Only in your delusional mind, Drellic snapped. But youve left me no choice now. I have to make an example of you.
Drellics final look of disgust and anger, before dragging his wife back to the city at supersonic speeds, was enhanced by a yellow shimmering in his eyes; common among those infused with Starblood. 

That same night, while the sun sank into the Siren Sea, Drellic publicly executed Moya. The event was witnessed by all of humanity and as her body crashed to the metal platform at Drellics feet, a smoking laser pistol gripped firmly in his hand, the thousands of Starblood infused citizens in attendance, actually cheered her death. 
Afterwards, Drellic was consoled by his father, whom he had saved from death with Starblood, ten years before. 
It was treason, son, Morn assured Drellic, the same yellow shimmer in the old mans healthy eyes. It had to be done. She sold us out. You did the right thing.
But even while spending the next several decades continuing to wage his war against the Architects, and nurturing his already enormous ego, he wasnt so sure. 
Sixty years later, Syll, who had also given into temptation and accepted Starblood out of her unconditional love for her family, gave birth to Daelon Kail. 
Unfortunately for Daelon, he had been born during a time when mans Starblood resources had already been depleted; condemning him to a mortal life, along with the rest of his generation. 
After graduating at the top of his class at his academy, in the fields of bio-molecular technology and human history, Morn and Syll sent him to live on Tyrran, where he would later become the planets High Archivist. 
By that time, the Architect War had taken a violent turn, and was primarily focused on Siren, as it had been from the beginning. This made Tyrran an ideal place to send Drellics much younger brother, and was also becoming a safe haven for the younger, mortal generations of man.
While Daelon remained on Tyrran to follow his path, Drellic and Core, Drellics first lieutenant, waged battle after battle against the aliens; only to have them end in stalemates, each time.
The Architect ships were impervious to human weapons and were no longer susceptible to organic hull penetrations from human boarding parties. While at the same time, any humans directly engaged in the war were infused with Starblood and could not be killed by means other than exposure to the vacuum of space.
Within a century, Drellic had turned the majority of humanity into a race of potential tyrants, capable of one day claiming the galaxy for their own.
While the Architects had never intended to go to war with mankind, their entire race was not always in agreement. Certain Architect factions elsewhere in the galaxy, were in fact breeding genetically engineered armies of sentient beings, created for the sole purpose of conquering naturally evolved sentient beings. 
Or, in some cases, certain Architects would genetically engineer two different sentient races, and then train them to fight and conquer one another, just to see which race would win. 
In short, they did not always share the same values, but they did agree on one thing; the fate of mankind. And it wasnt until Drellic realized that the end was near, that he finally began to see the error of his ways. 
More importantly, it made him realize that the Architects had had the ability to wipe out mankind, since the day they first appeared over their worlds. But those particular Architects, including the Overseer, loved humanity and wanted to see them prosper. They didnt want to annihilate them. But Drellic Kail had sparked a sadistic trend that the immortal members of his race seemed to be adamant on following.
All living Architects at that time agreed that in order to prevent mankind from one day using Starblood to conquer all life in the galaxy, possibly including the Architects themselves, they all needed to meet their end, in the vacuum of space; the one place Starblood infused humans could be killed. 
So, as Drellic Kail was finally on the verge of declaring his intentions to surrender to the Architects, his first lieutenant, Core, a young, mortal and extremely bitter man, betrayed him and flushed him out into space.
At the time, Drellic was fleeing from a deformed Siren, on the brink of destruction, and was on his way to find his brother, Daelon on Tyrran and initiate a last ditch effort to save mankind from extinction. 
He watched as the Architect Planet Farmers wrapped their tentacles around the outer atmosphere of the planet, burning Siren from the outside in. 
Then, just as he convinced himself that he still had a chance to salvage the legacy of his once great people, after losing everyone that had ever mattered to him in his life, he knew he had been betrayed. 
Core sealed and depressurized the cabin from the pilots seat, sending Drellic and five other soldiers into space without pressure suits. But as Core watched Drellics body soar across the gap between his ship and the nearest Planet Farmer, he watched it briefly take on the form of a miniature shooting star, glowing bright yellow like the sun and eventually dissolving against the skin of the Planet Farmers organic hull. 
Drellic had vanished and was presumed dead. But as it had always been Drellics nature to endure and thrive after even the most savage of beatings, he awoke hours later, aboard the Planet Farmer, ready to see the true face of his ancient enemies, for the first time.

Chapter Twenty Three

When Drellic regained consciousness, after witnessing the stripping of Sirens atmosphere, courtesy of the Architects, he discovered that he was still weightless and floating within a pulsing orb of the same black and scaly skin, he had been staring at in the Siren sky, for the last hundred years. 
A moment later, he heard a mans voice call down to him; a voice belonging to neither the ambassador nor the High Overseer. 
Drellic Kail; a pleasure to finally meet you, said the voice. Ive been told by my superiors that you were the first human to ingest the blood of our great ancestor and creator. As a result, you cannot be killed as easily as other members of your species. You Drellic, Im told, are a rare breed. I like rare breeds. I like challenges.
As do I, Drellic boasted, while squinting at the emerald light shining down on him, struggling to catch a glimpse of the alien speaking to him. 
Who are you? he asked.
During the short time you have left to live, you may call me, Death. Because that is exactly what I am to you, Kail. I am your end, incarnate.
Really? Drellic laughed. I wouldve thought flying through an unpressurized environment, at four hundred degrees below zero, wouldve done the job. But I take it you can do better? 
I can, actually, Death boasted. And I will. Starting right now.
A split second later, a patch of the ships outer hull, just behind Drellic, split in two and instantly depressurized the chamber. Drellic was sucked back out into space a moment later, but was secured to the inside of the ship by a smaller tentacle, tightly wrapped around his chest. 
The tentacle held him in a stationary position out in space for several seconds, before a layer of fire surrounded Drellic, causing the tentacle to instantly turn to ash. Drellic then kicked off the remains of the tentacle before they faded away and used his super speed to reenter the ship, before the patch of skin closed behind him.
Impressive, Death scoffed, still unseen and speaking from an unknown location. 
Thank you, Drellic gasped. What else do you have for me? 
More, Death simply replied. 
With that, Drellics body was thrust upwards, through a long slimy tube and back out into space. The incredible rush of air produced by the ventilation system inside the tube, propelled Drellic out far beyond the reach of the ship, in a matter of seconds. 
Upon being exposed to the vacuum of space again, the Starblood inside him did what was necessary to save his life and in turn keep itself alive. Drellics body reignited and water molecules from the disintegrating planet below were used to create a temporary atmospheric shell around him. 
Eventually, Sirens gravity slingshot him around the planet and back towards the same Planet Farmer that had launched him. And while the Planet Farmers skin had become resistant to the human body, the incredibly hot protective layer of fire and oxygen around Drellic, allowed him to reenter the ship unharmed. He then watched as the layer of skin he had passed through, healed itself and the compartment was sooner after, re-pressurized. 
Upon his reentry, he found himself in a different part of the ship, where he was still weightless and alone in the dark. 
Very well, Kail, Death exclaimed. You leave us no choice. We wanted to do the honorable thing and give you a quick and painless death. But it would appear that that is not an option for you. Youve become quite powerful. But you are not Aia. You are not invincible. You do have a weakness. And I believe that in time, the unforgiving environment of space will end you.
Death only paused for another brief moment, then said, So, by all means, Drellic. Take all the time you need. 
Seconds later, Drellics new environment on board the ship, became unbearably cold. He could feel his sweat turning into tiny icicles on his skin. The consciousness of his Starblood did its best to warm him and keep his heart pumping normally, but the temperature was decreasing too rapidly. 
Finally, his heart froze, as did the blood in his veins. But the Architects knew he wasnt dead. The Overseer knew quite well that the Starblood would return to thaw him out, unless the deep cold was kept constant. 
Furthermore, Drellic could not be kept on board the ship. Even a constant state of one thousand degrees below zero, Fahrenheit, would not keep Drellic at bay forever; not unless he was suspended alone in deep space. 
When all was said and done, the Overseer sent Drellics body out into space, encased in a block of ice; roughly the size of his body. Then over the next few hours, while Siren burned beside him, three Planet Farmers were used to build a giant sphere of ice around Drellics body; a sphere roughly the size of Tyrran, which would be the Architects next target. Bouldon and Kier-en had already been destroyed, long before this time.
Once the sphere was completed, it was carried by the Planet Farmers tentacles, to the edge of mans solar system.  
Unbeknownst to any Architect, Drellics mind had remained conscious throughout the entire experience. The Starblood had purposely shut down his body and was lying in wait, until the Architect fleet had left the region. 
Once their mutual enemy was gone, the Starblood restarted Drellics heart and immediately used the water molecules in the ice around him, to create an atmospheric chamber at the center of the ice world. 
A few days later, Drellics brother Daelon, who was doing his part to enact Drellics secret plan to preserve mankinds legacy, discovered the ice world and attempted to save his brother. But he was killed by a single Planet Farmer, which was left behind in case such a rescue were attempted. 
Once Daelon was killed, the Overseer knew that Drellic was the sole survivor of mankind; a survivor that had been successfully neutralized. 
Drellic was never seen or heard from again, until he was discovered by a group of modern human astronauts from Earth, fifteen billion years later. 

Epilogue 

It all began with a dream. Only it was a dream that I had first dreamt when I was just a child, and space was only something I had read about in books. 
When the first star fell, and the place of our birth was destroyed by the Great Nova, my grandfather brought my mother to the new world. 
She fell in love with her new star, her new planet and her new future. A few years later, I came into her life. She said that was the moment she decided that everything was perfect. 
My mother told me that on the day I was born, a second sun appeared in the sky, then vanished; as if Aia herself were welcoming me into the universe. But I searched the same sky every day for many years thereafter, having never seen it for myself. 
My dream came as soon as I had abandoned my search for Aia. I dreamt of the second sun; a wayward sun, traversing the universe on its own, searching for something so simple and innocent that it could not understand how to obtain it.
I dreamt of a great sadness within the star and a longing to be heard; a longing all people feel when things are at their worst; or even at their best.
My dream repeated each night for many years thereafter. It then came to me less frequently; until finally, it came to an abrupt end, last summers eve. That was the last time I saw my wayward star.
Most people who write these days, are more interested in the future than anything else. Where are we going? What will happen next? 
I, on the other hand, write to uncover and understand the past. I want to know how I came to live here; in a galaxy so far away from the one we came from. 
People used to believe that mankind began on Earth, in the Milky Way, three million years ago. But Daelons Talin and Drellics thirst for revenge have both taught us that Earth and Mars, originated in a galaxy, that has been nonexistent for ten billion years. 
Now, one million years after Drellics death, no one cares about the billions of years of human history that predate the original estimated age of the universe. But I care. I care, because she cares. 
Even after the last human being takes his or her final breath, she will still be here. She will be the light that guides the beings of the future; the ones who will determine whether the universe will be either a beautiful or vile place to live. 
It was when I realized that about her, that I realized the point of my recurring dream. I realized that even someone as powerful as Aia, needs a friend. Her sadness comes from eons of regret and having no one to share those feelings with. 
It mustve been that thought that called to her. Because on the day I decided to start writing about Drellics return to Earth, the Shadow Colony, the end of Tyrran and the end of Siren, I saw it. I saw the second sun. And I think I was the only one who did. 
I was sitting in a diner, sipping coffee and writing about the Hades mission to Charon that unleashed Drellic upon the Earth, when I saw a tiny star fall into the desert, outside my window. 
The impact produced a blinding light and a wall of sand that completely erased the sun in a bright and cloudless sky. But when the light faded and the debris settled, a little Caucasian girl appeared, standing alone in the parking lot. 
She had curly brown hair, freckles and was dressed in a gray dress and matching blouse, as if she had just escaped some hellacious private school. But I knew who she really was; even if no one else had noticed the incredible celestial event, which had just taken place ten feet from their booths. 
When she walked into the diner, a waitress spotted her all by herself and asked her if she needed help. She then pointed to me and said, Thats my dad.
I smiled and waved and pretended to be overjoyed. But I was frightened to the core. She may have chosen the form of a well-mannered ten year old girl to put my mind at ease, but as anyone who has read these stories knows, an encounter with Aia is not to be taken lightly. 
Even after she had me sitting there for hours and told me everything I had ever wanted to know, about the missing five billion years of human history, I was still scared for my life.
It wasnt until I asked her about the Architects, and their true form that I was so captivated by her explanation, that my heart finally stopped racing. 
Tell me, I said. What did they look like? I mean, really.
She didnt say anything at first. She just innocently pointed up at the ceiling, as if she were trying to change the subject. 
When I looked up, following her finger, I saw an ordinary housefly bouncing around in a corner; aimlessly searching for god knows what. 
I didnt understand it at first. But then I remembered what she told me about the Emerald Flies. I never understood their place in the story, until she pointed out the housefly in the diner, that day.
That was why they used those holograms. I would imagine that a tiny insect would have a hard time communicating with a human being, without vocal chords; not to mention a form of telepathy only compatible with other Architects. Hence the mysterious night terrors and unfortunate deaths. 
So, I suppose that my story is now over. Theres no more to tell. At least, thats what she tells me. But Ill always be proud of myself for my final words to her, just before she vanished into thin air. 
As she was leaving, she turned to me and said with a smile, Youve been waiting for me, for a long time.
To which I replied, Actually, I think you were waiting for me.
The Narrator
The Spiral Times
THE END


Acknowledgments

My heartfelt thanks, go to the following people; without which, this work would have never been completed:
My good friend, co-worker, and the greatest romance author of all time, Theresa Marguerite Hewitt
My brothers in Aspired Infliction
My dad, for introducing me to this wonderful genre
Jeff Wacker, Jeff Naish, and all those who have been reading along and supporting me, since the beginning of Sci-Fi Tales!
Robert Jason Rupert, to whom this work is respectfully dedicated (RIP)






















Dedication to Robert Jason Rupert



Although Rob and I were never close, I still saw a great deal of him before his passing and grew to really look up to him, as an artist, philosopher and musician. Im eternally grateful for the time I did get to spend with him and all that I had the opportunity to learn from him. I know that many of his closer friends, feeling the same way, may read this. To all of you, I can only say that I was deeply affected by Robs untimely taking, and that I hope this small gesture of dedicating my tale to him, is well received.


All of my books are available for digital download at:
www.smashwords.com/profile/view/withinthepillars 
To follow me on Facebook, visit:
www.facebook.com/scifitalesbymikemarlinski 
Email:
michaeljmarlin@gmail.com


































































































	
















	








