




Realm of Dreams


K. A. Vantana

Realm of Dreams
By K. A. Vantana
Copyright 2014 K. A. Vantana
Smashwords Edition
Thank you for downloading this ebook. This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy from their favorite authorized retailer. Thank you for your support.
This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are either products of the authors imagination or used fictitiously. Any similarity to actual people, organizations, and/or events is purely coincidental. 

Cover art  by Stephanie Mooney. All rights reserved.
http://www.mooneydesigns.net 




Dedicated to the Dreamers in the world
Table of Contents
1 DREAM
2 VIGILANTES
3 THRONE KEEPERS
4 DREAMERS
5 CLACTURES
6 MEMORIES
7 DRAKEN
8 JUNGLE
9 MONKS
10 TROWE
11 VOW
12 OBSTACLES
13 FAMILY
14 POWER
15 CHOICES
16 PAST
17 CLONED
18 TAKEN
19 DEFEAT
20 KINETA
21 FAMILY TIES
22 FOUNTAINS
23 ENERGY
24 PROXY
25 BEGINNING
COMING IN MAY 2014
ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
ABOUT THE AUTHOR



1 DREAM


MAY 4, 2030
Pittsburgh, PA

Choices. They are given to us so that we feel like we have some control over our lives. Our gut instinct tells us which choice we should make, but our greed is there to sway us away from what is right to what is fun. Today, I should have listened to my gut.
The car swerves through oncoming traffic, and my shoulder slams against the passenger door as my body tenses for the impact that will come. Horns honk, people shout curses, but somehow we make it through the red light. The sirens are growing louder. I turn to glance through the small back window of the Porsche 911 and see the flashing red and blue lights. I look over at the driver. His brown eyes are narrowed; his hands white on the steering wheel as he maneuvers us through the streets of downtown Pittsburgh. At least it is a Monday and not the weekend when there would have been little chance of pulling off this job.
No! my cousin Tony shouts as he slams on the brakes. My head whips forward then is pulled back as my seat belt locks and jerks me against the seat. A trash truck is stopped ahead of us.
Tony shifts the gears and gets us around the truck, but a loud crash tells me that one of the police cars is not so lucky. I turn in my seat again, but all I can see are the lights that are still in pursuit.
Tony, man, you should have let me drive, I shout over the blaring of the radio. Tony laughs but never takes his eyes from the road.
I hold onto the edge of my seat, forcing myself to keep my eyes open. Tony would tell the family if I close my eyesif I act like a babyand they would force me back to the loading docks. This is my first test; to see if I have what it takes to get the job done, though it is more of a ride along as Tony did the real work. He shifts gears and turns another corner, the back of the car sliding with the speed that we are going. The light ahead is red. People are walking along the crosswalk, and I grip my seat until my knuckles are white.
Glancing at him, the devil inside him is showing. Tony lives for speed, for the chase, the exhilaration that comes with the boost. With the sirens blasting behind us, people run out of the way, and Tony barely misses taking out a woman pushing a stroller.
If I was driving we would not be going through downtown, but that was the order. Draw all the police to us, and give them a show so that our grandfather and his minions can pull off a larger job.
Our extraction point is ahead, Tony shouts, then he sticks his hand in his jacket and brings out a .45. He hands it to me without looking at me, assuming that Ill accept it without question. As I take it in my hand, the cold of the steel seeps into my skin.
Tony has gone out of his way for me, getting me accepted into the family, proving that I am nothing like my mother. The only problem is that I dont know if Im like her or not. I have never met her.
My grandfather hates me for sure. The only time I met the man he did not look at me but said, Marias son. Then he grunted and added, She was...disappointing. It took every ounce of my willpower to keep my hands at my sides. I had not known when I joined the family that they had murdered my birth parents, and by the time I did know, there was no getting out. I had to act like his words did not affect melike I did not want to kill him as I looked at him. I had been instructed not to speak and especially not to mention my parents, the people who had adopted me when I was eleven. Tony assured grandfather that I would not disappoint, and then I had been given a name. Bastard. It is how the family refers to me even though I wasnt born a bastard.
Tony slams on the brakes, and I pull my eyes away from the gun in my hand. Anxiety spirals through my gut as I stare ahead. Third Avenue is jammed up with cars. Tony jerks the wheel, hopping the curb and drives through the courtyard of the glass castle as I call it. I cant hear the screams of the people in the courtyard, but I can see their terror-filled expressions. Taking a sharp left onto Stanwix Street, the gun slips from my hand to the floorboard. I lean down to pick it up. Glass hits my back from the front window and Tony curses.
You said they wouldnt shoot at us, I yell as I grab the gun and start to push back up to my seat.
Stay down, he demands, but there is something wrong with his voice. Looking at him brings my worst fears into reality. His face is as white as the clouds in the sky and blood is covering his arm.
Find a place to pull over so I can drive!
No can do, little cousin, Tony says, though the excitement is gone from his face.
I sit up, gripping the handle of the gun as Tony merges onto I-279. We pass Point State Park where I run every morning, and where the Monongahela and Allegheny Rivers meet to form the Ohio River. The sirens are still behind us, but I dont turn around as we take the exit onto Reedsdale Street.
It was supposed to be a simple snatch and go job, stealing the car when the owner was at work. Something in the plan had gone wrong. Or someone had tipped off the police.
Passing Heinz Field and the Carnegie Science Center, we both see whats ahead of us at the same moment. A line of police cars with their lights flashing are blocking our only path. This assures me that someone in the family talked to the police.
Tony turns down the stereo but does not take his eyes from the road. Josiah, its been good.
What is he talking about? I look over at him, and that same devil is showing through his eyes. Unease hits my gut as he shifts the car into another gear and speeds up, but not toward the cops, he drives us straight for the river. My gut constricts as my chest clenches.
Dont be stupid! I grab for the steering wheel and jerk it toward the sidewalk while Tony pulls it toward the river. My side of the car slams into a lamp post and my window shatters.
Tony accelerates the car until we leave land behind. The car is airborne for a few moments, enough for me to drop the gun and throw my arms up to shield my face as Tony laughs...

***

My body jerks and my eyes fly open. Gasping, I blink several times. I am going to pummel Tony. I wipe the sweat from my forehead as I sit up, my heart beating like a drum in a rock concert. It was just a dream, but Im still going to hit Tony. Driving into the river? That was wrong even for dream Tony...
The feeling of being watched creeps up my spine like a dozen tiny spiders crawling over my skin. My breaths hitch and my palms begin to sweat. I know the feeling of being watched; its happened enough times. Without making a sudden movement, I slowly look to my right. What the...
Ah, man! Im still dreaming, and I hate my dreams. Theyre never good.
Theres a massive black iron gate with spikes flickering green flames, but that is not whats starting to freak me out. Two creepy looking men are standing before the gate. One stands behind a metal podium with a large black book before him. My gaze shifts to the second man and my heart thuds an angry beat. Son of a... Im gonna be so furious with Tony if Im dead. Because if I am dead, then I am definitely in line for hell.
His black hair is pointing up like spikes. His black brows rise high, and the edges point down over his green eyes. It looks like he is wearing makeup around his eyes, he has a trimmed goatee, and hes wearing a black fur coat.
The man at the book with bright red hair and freaky black eyes opens his mouth. Your name?
I quickly stand, but being eye level with them brings more unease into me. Clearing my throat I say, Josiah Foreman. I want to ask if Im dead; if this is hell, but my mouth will not form more words.
The red haired man lowers his quill pen and his black eyes narrow at me. The man in the fur coat steps up, smiling. My insides coil into a warning as the mans green eyes begin to glow, matching the spikes over the gate.
Josiah Foreman, he says, still smiling. Are you certain?
I want to retort that I would know my own name, but all that comes out of my mouth is, Yes.
Your age?
Seventeen, I say, glancing from one freak to the other.
Well, well, this is our fortunate day. He bows his spiky head. I am Mach.
He calls himself mock? I swallow the urge to laugh, and ask the question that is burning in my mind. Am I dead?
Mach and the red hair man both throw their heads back and laugh hysterically, as if what Ive just said was the joke of the century. I look around me, searching for someone who can tell me what the heck is going on. Mach laughs like someone who gets his kicks from other peoples misery. As one, they both snap their mouths shut as their heads snap forward to stare at me.
You are not dead, and as long as you are with me, you will remain that way. Now come. Mach holds out one very white hand and motions for me to follow him. The coil in my stomach warns me not to go with him, but my feet move on their own following Mach through the massive gate. I should be relieved that Im not dead, but Im not.
On the other side of the gate, Mach stops and turns to me. Welcome, Josiah Foreman, to Floriants realm.
We are standing on a hill at the edge of a six lane highway that stretches through the center of a city, and looks like it runs straight into seven neon blue skyscrapers. The sky is a yellowish green-brown color, and getting a whiff of the city smell, my eyes water. Like garlic mixed with sweat. I fight the urge to plug my nose. The right side of the highway is nothing but barren fields and electric lines; the left side is filled with miles of small two-story buildings separated by alleys. There is a sleek bullet train waiting beside a platform just beyond the bottom of the hill, but there are no tracks.
Who is Floriant? I ask as Mach and I start down the hill.
Floriant is the ruler of this realm. In your world, he would be known as king or president. I am first commander of Floriants army.
The coil in the pit of my stomach grows tighter as if it is to the springing point. What does Floriant want with me? I ask in a voice deep with foreboding.
Something only you possess, but do not fear, for you are our special guest.
Yeah, like thats gonna make me feel better.
When we reach the train, the ground beneath my feet begins to shake. Something is coming up from the ground. I stare in disbelief as a car rises up from the concrete and hovers above the ground. I run my hand over my face, seriously needing to cut off the caffeine before going to bed. First, I dream about stealing a car and Tony driving us into the Allegheny River, and now about a green city with hovercrafts as cars and freaks in fur coats.
Mach walks over to the car that has no door handles, and the door opens before he touches it. The car looks like a Rolls Royce. Its deep blue with red running board lights and chrome everywhere. The tires are chrome plated circles; the front headlights are chrome gargoyles running from the hood down to the bottom of the bumper, and the lights shine through the eyes and mouths.
Mach climbs into the car, and I can tell that I am expected to follow him. The inside of the car is large with two seats facing each other. Mach is sitting with his back to the driver, staring straight at me with a half smile on his thin lips. The car moves forward, but I cannot feel a thing. The passing buildings are the only things that assure me that we are moving.
What does Floriant really want with me?
Your allegiance and the key that only you possess. Mach smiles just like the Grinch, and I look away. What key? Machs clearly crazy, and Im stuck in a hover-car with him going who knows where. Great.
Machs brows rise as he looks out the window. The hover-car is slowing. As I glance out my window, a flash of white goes past and I jerk back, my heart beating double time. Slowly, I lean toward the window. A face slams against my window, and my heart nearly stops. Holy mother...
I pitch back into the seat beside me. There is an all white face staring at me through the glass, and it doesnt have eyes! It opens its white lips, and black fangs appear. Complete paralyzing terror skitters down my spine and across my arms. It has hollow holes where its eyes should be. I turn toward Mach to demand what this is, but hes gone. I didnt hear the door open, and that freaks me out. The car starts to shake, and I lose it. Panicking, I climb across the car to the partition window and beat on it. As it slides down, there is no one in the drivers seat and my body starts to shake. The window is not large enough for me to fit through. I am stuck in the back seat.
Watching out the window, white figures are swarming the car, some hitting it with a thud. They look like ghosts, only solid. Im too terrified to move as several fly at the windows, but they bounce off as if they cant break the glass. Its time to wake up.
I use the triggers that my shrink taught me to wake myself up. I picture being in a city full of birds and flowers instead of fang creatures. It doesnt work. I try to manipulate the dream; I try to blink, I try to shake myself and nothing works! Each trigger has worked in the past which can only mean that I am not dreaming, but dead.
All of the figures start screaming a shrill wail that is neither animal nor human, and bile rises in my throat, but then I see why.
A girl is standing on the highway near the buildings.
What are you doing? Get out of here! I shout at her through the closed window. She looks straight at me, and one corner of her lips tilt up.
All thoughts of fear and death fade away as we watch each other. Shes gorgeous. Dressed in all black from a tank to skin tight cargos and knee high black boots, she looks like an avenging angel. She raises some kind of gun that looks a lot like a bazooka. She points it at the car and apprehension grips me, followed by my survival mode. I grab the seat belt, but as soon as my hand touches it, it slithers out like a snake across my waist, and some kind of invisible force field secures me to the seat. I am already so freaked out that I dont care. I know Im about to die if Im not dead already.
A streak of lightning flies from her weapon straight at the car, buzzing and crackling, like electricity in power lines. I close my eyes as the car lurches and white light flashes around the car. My eyes open in time to see the car fly through the air. I shout as I grip the seat, and think that I dont want to die.
The car lands on its side, but my seat holds me to it with the force field. My body is shaking uncontrollably, and all I can think is that Ive got to get out of this car.
Unbuckling the seatbelt, it retracts into the seat, causing the force field pressure to release me. Without hesitation, I open the car door and grab the running board on the base of the car, pulling myself up through the door.
The white creatures are gone, but the girl in black is running toward me. I jump down to the highway and put up my fists, prepared to fight, but she aims a machine gun at my chest and I slowly lower my fists to my sides. She is shorter than me, and she never looks up as she motions with her weapon. A small, black-gloved hand wraps around my wrist, and she pulls me toward an alley. Rustling comes from behind us, like the wind before a storm. I start to turn around, but the girls hand tightens on my wrist.
Run!
The warning in her voice makes me move. We leap off the highway into an alley and keep running. Shes extremely fast, pulling me along with her. We run through seven alleys before she skids to a stop and forces me to stop with a hand against my chest. She pushes me against the brick wall of a building and raises a dagger.
Do you know how to use one of these?
Out of breath, I cant speak, so I nod. She hands it to me then steps back, pulling two handles from a harness that is wrapped around her slender body. Two rapier swords flash before me.
I need you to do exactly what I say, and I will get you out of this, if not unscathed, at least alive. She backs up against the wall next to me and tells me not to moveat all.
What is up with this chick? Shes either an adrenaline junkie, an escapee, or an angel.
I dont understand why she doesnt want me moving until I see something approaching through the next alley. It is a round, white ball floating through the air. It has a smaller circle in the center of it that looks uncannily like an eye. Then, another follows it. As the first one floats by us, I turn my head to look at it. The second one starts toward us, turning red. The girl beside me slices through it with her sword and it bursts into sparks of light then fades into nothing.
What are those things? I ask her, staring at the spot where it disappeared.
Orbs, she says in a voice that is filled with concern. I look at her, and her eyes are narrowed. The minions send them out when the shadows fall to try to locate us. They are attracted to movement and can only see you when their eye is pointed at you. If they turn purple, they are going to burn a tracker into you. So dont let them get close.
What about red? I ask, and immediately understand as she gives me a look that tells me all I need to know. Red really does mean dead. Got it.
Come on.
I follow her to another alley, but when we reach the end, we immediately halt. The next alley is full of at least a hundred orbs, and all of the eyes are pointed toward us. My heart sinks into my stomach.
Is this when we run? I whisper to her.
One in the front starts the light show as it turns red and then all of the others turn from white to red. She raises her swords and her thumbs flick something on the hilts. Flames shoot up her blades, and I step back, my mouth hanging open.
This is when we fight. She charges forward, slicing and hacking through red floating orbs like she is some kind of sword-wielding samurai master. From the connecting alley, more orbs float toward us, red and ready to attack. I push myself away from the wall and slice through the first orb that comes near. Its like slicing through air, but it explodes into sparks. As they move in, all different sizes, I take a step back and find myself momentarily pressed up against the back of the girl. She lunges forward, and I swing my arm out. Together we slice, stab, and hack our way through the orbs that move in close.
As I stab through one, I feel something leech onto my arm and the pain is immediate. It feels like someone is pouring fire into my veins. A pain filled shout passes my lips as I back into the wall then drop to the ground. The girl sees me, but shes surrounded by at least fifty orbs. Even closing my mouth, the shouts keep coming. I grab the orb to pull it off. Fire explodes through my hand, and I shout as blisters form on my palm. This has to be what burning alive feels like, and I want it over, I want to die.
Something dark drops out of the sky right before me and a flash of steel swoops around in a circle stabbing every orb in its path. The left side of my body starts to twitch as I stare at what can only be a hallucination. The figure twists around, black hair fanning out at the swift movement, and a face of a goddess looks down at me. She stabs the orb attached to my arm and the effect of its release is a full-body numbing. I want to say a whole lot of four letter words, but when I open my mouth I cant curse, I cant say anything.
More orbs are moving near me, but the girl shoves me onto my back. The two girls fight side by side, and my eyes focus on the one who pulled me away from the car.
She slices through every orb before her in a matter of seconds and all I can do is watch in awe. Wonder woman has nothing on this little ninja. She destroys the last one, and then drops to her knees beside me, tucking her swords back into her harness.
Dont try to move, her voice says, soothing my panicked mind. She moves to my left side, and I try to question her; to ask if Im going to die, or just go nuts, but no words form. She closes her eyes, places her hands over the burn, and a single moment passes before I shout as the fiery pain returns full force. As I grit my teeth against the pain, I focus on her white blonde hair, cut short and angling across her forehead.
The pain lessens into a dull ache with each passing second until disappearing completely. I blink a few times as she opens her eyes. The black rings around her irises look like someone took a black marker and made two perfect circles, filling them in with a blue so light it is almost gray. Her pale skin is the kind that would burn if out in the sun for very long. Much different from me. Between my half Italian and half Native American heritage, my skin tans if Im in the sun for five minutes.
Something in my chest flickers in response to the intense look that she is giving me. Heat is crawling up my neck and spreading across my face. My palms begin to sweat as I stare into her eyes.
We must get you away from here before more appear, she says and places her arm beneath my back to help me up.
Once I am on my feet, she releases me. We walk quickly through five alleys before reality hits me like a punch in the face. I was just burned by an orb and healed by a ninja angel.
When I wake up from this dream, Im going to throw out all of my video games. There is a difference between playing a game and being in one. Maybe I have been sucked into my TV like that little girl in that movie.
Ninja girl, who is walking beside me, doesnt say anything, but for another six alleys, both girls keep casting  suspicious glances at me. When I look at them, they look away. I dont try to speak, because I dont have a clue what I would say. Hey, thanks for healing me with your hands when I was attacked by that orb.  Not likely.
The two girls speak to each other, but its not in any language Ive ever heard. Their words sound musical, but they arent singing.
The girl who sliced the orb off my arm comes to walk on my other side. I am Lark, she says, giving me a smile with her perfect mouth. She is my height and her brown eyes are even with mine as she watches me, waiting.
Josiah Foreman, I say, and she comes to a complete halt with her mouth hanging open, and her eyes wide.
Ninja comes to stand before us, her arms crossed and her look fierce. Lark says something in their language.
I know who he is, Ninja replies, and for the first time I realize that she has an accent, though I cannot place it. I found him on the artery.
Captured me is more like it. Or rescued me, depending on if Mach is the bad guy in all of this.
Lennox will be overjoyed, Lark says. So you are Josiah. She looks me over in an appraising way, and I do the same to her.
Her hair is long and a mixture of browns that set off her smooth, tan skin. Her high cheekbones and brown eyes strengthen my conviction that both she and Ninja are angels. Ive never met anyone as beautiful as these two girls. If it werent for the killer orbs, the flying white creatures, freaks in furs, and the general feeling of foreboding, Id say this is Heaven. Side by side, they are like morning and night, but equally beautiful. Lark is not wearing black like Ninja, but a deep blue jacket and cargos.
Who is Lennox? I ask as I force myself to stop staring at her like a creep.
Lennox cannot be described; you must meet him to understand him.
Being vague must be a citywide requirement.
How far do we have to go?
We will be there before the shadows fall, never fear.
Never fear? Yeah right.
Ninja says we need to move on, and I try to ask where we are going, but she stomps forward, ignoring me. Anger rises in me like a sudden flame. I want answers; I think Ive earned them.
Look here, chick, Im not going anywhere until you tell me what this is all about.
Ninja twists around. The fire in her eyes is hot enough to shoot sparks. Chick? Do I look like I have wings?
I look her over slowly from her boots to her hair and turn on the Foreman charm. No. No wings that I see, I say as I allow my grin to build.
Her attempt to burn me with her fiery gaze fails as she turns and marches forward.
Am I dead? I ask suddenly, practically yelling, and she halts. I have a feeling that I can trust Ninja to tell me the truth.
A short, harsh laugh comes from her. Youre not that lucky. As she glances over her shoulder, her pale blue eyes are as hard as the bricks in the walls that surround us. Welcome to the Realm of Dreams.




2 VIGILANTES

If this place is anything like my normal dreams, then she might as well have welcomed me to hell.
Ninja pulls a bronze circle that looks like a tiny sundial from her pocket and holds it in her palm. I lean in close, getting a good look at it. Whats that? My finger reaches out to touch the dial. She slaps my hand away.
Annoyance and pain flip through me as I rub my hand. If this is my dream, I am entitled to some answers.
You think so do you? she retorts without looking at me.
Yeah, I do, so why dont you be an angel and answer my questions. Or doesnt your personality match your looks?
She snaps the sundial closed and places it in her pocket. You know what they say about looks.
So youre not an angel.
She stares at me for a long moment then she tilts her head to the side. And you are not at all what I expected, she says softly, meditatively.
I like the sound of that. I lean my upper body closer to her, eating up most of the space that separates us. What were you expecting?
Her eyes widen for a second before she blinks and her head snaps up. Someone with a backbone. Now, if you dont mind, we must move.
Indignation fills me like fizz in a shaken bottle of soda. A backbone! I have done everything she has asked of me. I went with her without a fight, fought orbs at her side, and got burned in the process. I grab her wrists, twisting her around and pressing her back against the wall. As I lock her arms at her sides, she does not fight me.
Josiah, Lark says as she comes toward us.
Ninja raises her fingers to keep Lark back, but she never takes her eyes from mine. For a long moment we stare at each other, then her face lowers as she closes her eyes. She bites her bottom lip as tears slide down her face.
I was only trying to keep you safe. Her eyes open and more tears stream down her smooth cheeks. Please, let me take you to the people who can answer all of your questions, she begs, and my chest starts to hurt. I hate when girls cry, and I especially hate when Im the reason theyre crying.
Slowly I release her arms, an apology on my tongue. She kicks my shin while her hand grabs my wrist and twists my arm at an angle my arm should not be twisting. She steps behind me and kicks the back of my leg, forcing me to my knees. She slams me against the brick wall where I was just holding her.
Let us establish one thing, Josiah Foreman. I can take you out any time I choose. Be a good boy and do not make things difficult on yourself. She pats my cheek then releases me. Playtime is over. Lets move.
I push myself up and shake my arm, humiliation and anger filling me. Ive just been schooled by a chick with white hair.
As she turns toward Lark, I spit out, Sure, you can win when you cheat.
She looks over her shoulder. You attacked me first, so all was fair. She walks toward the end of the alley, stopping when she reaches it. She does not turn, but she says, And my name is Pentaim. She walks away, leaving me feeling embarrassed and a little impressed.
Lark is biting her lip, but her amusement is clear in her eyes. You should be giving thanks, Josiah, that she went so easy on you. She could have destroyed you twenty times in as many ways if she chose.
A ball of fire falls from the sky, smacking into the wall before Pentaim. I grab Larks arm and shove her behind me, shielding her from the attack, but an attack doesnt come.
Blaze, show yourself, Pentaim yells, and two black figures drop off the building beside us landing on their feet.
Two guys stand before us, staring at me. I hold the gaze of the one who is glaring at me because you never back down when an opponent is sizing you up. Never show fear.
Josiah Foreman, this is Deseronto, Pentaim says, pointing to the glaring guy. And this is Blaze.
I pull my gaze away from Deseronto and look down. Blaze is shorter than Deseronto by many inches, and from the shape of his eyes, I know he is Asian. He has floppy black hair, but he looks good humored.
Truly? Blaze asks and Lark nods. He stretches out his hand to me. It is super to meet you at last. My sister will be overjoyed that you have arrived.
At last? That causes a chill to slither up my spine. How do they know who I am?
Pentaim speaks in their language and Deseronto responds in the same way. Pentaim orders me to follow them and I do, with Blaze filling me in on some information that the girls neglected to tell me. They belong to a group called the Vigilantes, which is where they are taking me, Lennox leads them, Mach is the villain, Floriant is the Hitler of the Realm of Dreams, and they dont age the same way people do in my world.
I have reached my sixteenth chapter, Blaze replies to my question about his age.
What is a chapter?
A chapter is a series of experiences that we must go through. It takes longer to reach a chapter than it will for you to age.
According to Blaze, people do not get old in the Realm of Dreams. He tells me what chapter everyone is in. Deseronto, who Blaze calls Des, is seventeen, Lark is eighteen.
What chapter is Pentaim in? I ask quietly, not wanting her to hear me from where she is walking with Des.
Pentaim does not have a chapter. He looks thoughtful. Shes like you in a sense.
Shes a hostage too? I ask, and Blaze laughs, but he does not reply to that. What about Lennox?
Lennox is in his thirtieth chapter, much advanced. He was once the light keeper for Abner, Blaze says in an awe filled voice. I guess a light keeper is an important position.
Who is Abner? I ask.
Abner is our leader, the true leader of the realm.
Des and Pentaims raised voices draw our attention. They are arguing about something called the artery, and when I ask what that is, Blaze tells me its the highway.
Why do we not travel on the artery, wont it save time?
The apparitions guard the artery, and no one who opposes Floriant can step foot on it without being extinguished, Des answers.
Apparitions? So the white things have a name. I was on the artery and nothing happened to me, I say with a note of challenge in my voice.
Precisely, Des retorts and starts to turn his back on me.
Obviously he is against me being here. Well, that makes two of us. Show me, I say, and Dess eyebrows raise.
We hold each others gaze until he shrugs. As you wish. He leads the way down another alley.
Lennox will strip you of your badge if you take him anywhere near the artery, Pentaim says to Des in an angry voice.
He wants to see, Des smirks at me, and the urge to hit him is strong. It is my duty to show him.
You had better hope that no harm comes to him after the pains I took to get him this far, she tells Des then falls silent for five alleys until we are at the side of the artery. Hover-cars zoom past. Deseronto takes out one of those sundials from his pocket and looks at it, then he puts it back and leans against a building wall.
In two points the apparitions will appear. When they do, stay very still. Do not make a sound or you will get us all extinguished. Whatever you see, remember that you are the one who wanted to know. He looks out over the artery, and I glance at the others. Tension settles around us as Blaze pulls out a dagger; Lark has a knife in each hand, and Pentaim has one of her swords. All eyes are on the artery, so I look back and wait.
The ground begins to shake. Just as the car had appeared white creatures come out of the artery. My heart pounds in my chest so hard I can hear the blood rushing in my ears. They are the same things that attacked the car. I open my mouth to curse, but I cant.
Creature is not a good enough word for what those are. White bodies without feet, and pale white faces with empty holes where eyes should be. Their faces are rigid with pointy chins. They move up and down the artery as if they are searching for something, or someone. After a little while, the apparitions disappear back into the artery, and I look over at Deseronto.
I, um, I clear my dry throat, I think staying to the alleys is a good plan.
Deserontos smirks again, but another sound freezes his expression. It is a rustling, like what I heard when Pentaim rescued me.
Blaze says something in their language as Pentaim storms over to Deserontos side and glares up at him. Did you know? Is that why you brought him here now? Deseronto does not reply, and Pentaim sounds almost panicked. You did! You knew it was feeding time, and yet you still brought him.
Blaze pulls out another dagger, and the others start pulling weapons from their harnesses.
Why dont we just run? I ask Blaze who is watching the artery.
All of the alleys along the artery are sealed at feeding time. We are stuck here until it is over.
Your poor decision is going to get us all extinguished, Lark shouts at Deseronto.
Pentaim gives me a dagger that matches the one I used on the orbs. Josiah, whatever you see in the next few points, please, say nothing. Even the smallest sound will alert them to our presence.
Pentaim snaps her mouth closed as a rumbling, like an earthquake, sounds from the artery. The bullet train pulls into view, stopping, and when it moves away again there is a line of people, but their faces are blank, like theres no one home in their minds. An eery feeling passes over me, and I press my back against the wall of the building and keep my eyes on the people. There are at least fifty of them, and they are not moving. The ground begins to shake again, and I feel the wall against my back shaking, too.
White figures, smaller than the last ones, but even more sinister looking come out of the artery and latch on to the people. They slither up their bodies like snakes, but when they reach their heads they disappear. The first person begins to scream and my body cringes at the sound. My gut constricts and I want to cover my ears; I want to look away, but I cant.
Fifty people are screaming, in different blood curdling sounds, different wails, but each one soul wrenching. The apparitions come out of them, and I notice their lips. The lips that were white are now red. They dive back in, and I move. I cannot just stand here. I have to do something. We have to do something. Lark grabs my arm as I move toward the artery, and I look at her. There are tears in her eyes, but she shakes her head.
No, Des hisses, and I turn toward the artery. The apparitions are no longer in the people, and the people are no longer screaming. They are laid out on the ground, unmoving, but the apparitions are all staring at us.
They start screeching, and the sound makes my ears ache. A ball of something gray comes out of one of the apparitions and moves straight for us. I drop to the ground, covering my head as the alley shakes. The screeching grows louder, closer. Its like a chorus of evil cheering. I look up, and the apparitions are standing at the edge of the artery throwing gray globs of snot-like stuff at us, but each one is struck down by Des, Blaze, and the girls. They are slicing through the globs like Pentaim did the orbs.
Get up! Des shouts over the screeching, and he grabs my jacket, pulling me up to my knees. You fight, or you die. He slices through another glob that is spiraling toward us. Each time they hit a glob, it turns into ash. There are little piles of ash everywhere.
I pick up my dagger. The apparitions hollow eyes focus on me, and I swear they are smirking. More and more globs fly at us. I use the dagger to slice through them, but one gets by me and singes the sleeve of my jacket, burning my skin. They move around as if they are dancing, cheering.
One of the apparitions is taunting me; I am sure of it. I am the only one he throws his nasty little burning globs at as he keeps his ugly mug focused on me. He is ticking me off as I dodge and slice through glob after glob. Both my arms are in pain from scorches, and I can feel blood dripping down my right leg where I took a good hit. He sends one straight at my head and ash flies in my face as I strike it down. Ive had enough of him. I focus on the apparition; then I raise the dagger and flick my wrist, releasing the blade and letting it sail across the distance. It sticks into the apparitions head then the apparition explodes, sending a near blinding light out from it. The light strikes the other apparitions, and they also explode, one by one, until there is none left.
Des lowers his swords; Blaze lowers his daggers, and everyone turns to look at me.
Whoa! Blaze yells. How did you do that?
I look at each of them, but my gaze sticks on Pentaim. Shes staring at me as if she expected me to do what I did.
She immediately orders us to move on. For several alleys, I try to wake myself up as I follow the others, but none of my triggers work here. No one says anything until the skyscrapers are close.
Lark, please announce us, Pentaim calls out from ahead of us.
Lark casts me a reassuring smile, then runs toward one of the brick buildings. She leaps in the air, shoving off the wall and her boots hit the opposite wall. She begins hopping from one wall to the next and down two alleys before disappearing from view.
I know my mouth is hanging open, but dang.
We have arrived. Pentaim grabs my arm and tugs me forward. In a daze, I go with her until she walks through a wall. I stumble back, my heart beating fast and my mind is shouting that is not possible. Des bumps into me, gives me a good shove, and I fall through the wall thats not there.
Des moves around me looking smug as he walks further into a large warehouse that has black walls and steel beams holding up the roof. This is so not what I was expecting to see. I follow slowly, my eyes taking in everything around me while my mind is still trying to figure out how I walked through a brick wall.
A Latino bodybuilder comes toward us smiling broadly. He is dressed in military style clothes like the rest of the people, but his are white. When he reaches me, I lean my head back to look up at him. Im not exactly a shorty at five ten, but this man has to be at least six five.
It is my blessed privilege to welcome you to the Realm of Dreams. I shake his hand, and surprisingly his grip is not bone-breaking. I am Lennox. Come. There is much to say.
We walk between the tables full of people working on assembling weapons or looking over maps.
What is this place?
What do you think this is? Lennox asks, and at first I think he is being evasive like Pentaim and Lark, but he only looks curious.
Either Im dead, this is a crazy dream, or Im in the middle of some kind of whacked-out government experiment.
Lennox grins before explaining. The Realm of Dreams was long ago a place of peace, a place where dreamers could come to be refreshed.
What happened? This is definitely not a place of peace now. Fear and oppression are thick within the air, and there are no happy thoughts or feelings to be had.
War. Floriant was a light keeper who craved power that was not his. He forced the true ruler into the furthest recesses of the realm where he must stay until Floriant can be defeated. Lennox stops beside a map on a table that has 3D images that rise off the table.
This is the Realm of Dreams, or rod as many call it.
The map has twenty-four layers, stacked on top of each other; the only thing separating them or connecting them are some stairs and one building that runs through all of the layers. I ask Lennox about it, and he says that there is an elevator in it that goes through all the layers, but it is so heavily guarded by apparitions that the vigilantes cannot access it.
In the city, beyond the skyscrapers, is a palace. Floriants minions, known as throne keepers, guard each layer of the realm, and the only way to defeat Floriant is by destroying them.
I glance over each layer, but only the one above us has any details. The rest show colors only. The bottom six are black and the top three are white, giving away nothing.
This, Lennox points to the top layer, is where Abner is.
You still havent told me what Im doing here, I say as calmly as I can.
You are here because Abner chose you, Lennox says in a calm voice that rattles my patience.
His words make no sense at all, and I tell Lennox so.
Floriant thought he won, but he did not. You being here is a sign of the beginning.
The beginning of what? I ask.
The final war.




3 THRONE KEEPERS

Lennox announces that it is time to move on to the throne room, and the Vigilantes, who are a group of fifty people, start packing up weapons and maps. Lennox assigns Blaze to be my guardian, even though I assure them that I dont need a babysitter.
A girl calls out to Blaze, and he runs toward a group of girls standing a little ways away from us. He throws his arm around the shoulders of the girl before he leads toward me. Blaze said he had a sister, but he should have said twin. This girl is the same height as Blaze and has the same oval face, but her black hair is long and not floppy at all.
They stop before me, and she stares up at me with deep brown eyes. Blaze introduces her as Fiammetta, but tells me to call her Fia. As I reach out my hand to her, she looks at her brother. He nods, so she reaches out and presses her palm against mine for a second before turning and running toward one of the groups.
Blaze laughs. Youve rendered her silent, which is something I assure you she never is.
Blaze gives me a set of clothes, telling me it would be better if I blended in with the rest of them. I surrender all of my clothes that I arrived here in, except my bead necklace that Id die before I released. It is the only thing I have from my birth parents, left with me when my mom left me at the orphanage.
When Im dressed like Blaze and Des in black cargos, a black t-shirt, boots, and a jacket, Blaze gives me a slim utility belt full of knives. What about a gun? I ask as I strap on the belt.
Guns? Blaze repeats, as if the word is foreign to him. Our weapons are made of light, so no guns.
Pentaim has a gun.
Pentaim has a reacher, he says with reverence.
He carries a sword toward me that has the flame emblem on the hilt. Now youre talkin.
Blaze hits the emblem and flames shoot up the blade. Like this do you? He hits the emblem again, and the flames disappear. Unfortunately for you, you must earn the privilege of using one of these. He sheathes the sword in his harness, and we set out for the throne room in a procession resembling a military cavalcade.
Is light what makes the apparitions explode?
Blaze grins at me like hes my teacher and I just solved a first grade math problem by myself. All of our weapons were made by Abner when this realm was filled with light. Apparitions cannot exist in light which is why it is always dark here. That is why when our weapons touch them they explode into light or turn to ash, depending on which color the apparition is.
Huh. It makes sense in an Ive-seen-too-much-crazy-to-question-it kind of way. What colors are there?
White, gray, black, and red. The way he says red convinces me that all red in the realm of dreams means the same thing.
After only five blocks, we reach a huge gate that stands guard over a long bridge set before a narrow castle with six turrets of stone. I cant see what is beyond the castle, but there is some kind of black mist beneath the bridge.
Lennox appears at my side and speaks, but Im not paying attention. Im focusing on that black mist beneath the bridge. It is something that you would expect to see in a swamp thing movie.
Josiah. Have you heard a word I have been saying? Lennox asks.
No, I reply honestly.
You have to cross the bridge.
Alone? I demand, and Im sure I look crazy the way Im gawking, but I dont care. If Lennox thinks I am crossing that bridge alone, he is the crazy one. No way, I say, taking a step back. Have you never seen a horror movie? This is exactly the set up for one.
It is the only way. As soon as we get the gate open, you run, and you do not look back. We will take care of the rest. Lennox lays a hand on my shoulder. You will know what to do once you reach the other side.
Well, thats too bad because Im not going to the other side of that death bridge. Its a rope bridge, too. Granted, it looks wide enough that three people could cross it shoulder to shoulder, but I dont care if its made of apparition-killing materials. Im not crossing.
Cover me, Pentaim, Des says, and Pentaim points her reacher at the black mist as he runs up to the ten foot tall gate. I cannot see what he is doing until there is a flash of white light, and then a howling comes from the mist.
Blaze unsheathes his sword and presses the flame emblem. When they give the signal, stay close to me, Blaze whispers.
If Blaze is willing to go, I wont be the weak link, refusing to go and risking the lives of all these people.
Des gets the gate open, and like all creepy gates, it creaks. The mist looks like it is slashing at the bridge and the bridge begins to rock.
Make us proud, Lark says to me, then moves to line up with the others. They form three rows of armed guards, their weapons all focused on the black mist.
Lennox gives the signal to run. Sucking in a breath, my feet move me forward before I allow my common sense to make me back out. As soon as my boots touch the bridge, I pick up speed. As we reach the halfway point, a train whistle sound comes from the right side of the bridge, but I dont stop.
Light streaks the sky, but its not from a storm, its from the Vigilantes weapons. They are shooting at something, something that I know is getting close to the bridge, because the bridge is rocking like a swing. I grab on to the rope as I run, to keep from falling over the side into the black mist of certain death. Just a few more steps.
Blazes scream pierces the darkness and my courage. I stumble to a stop and turn. Black tentacles like those of an octopus are wrapped around Blazes legs, pulling him toward the edge of the bridge. My heart plummets as his fingers claw at the bridge. Hes struggling to reach his fire sword which is too far from his hand. My blood is frozen in my veins and ice has covered my chest as I stare in horrified disbelief. He grabs the edge of the bridge trying to hold on, his face a mixture of terror and strain. I run for him, and my knees hit the bridge as I drop and reach for his hands. He meets my eyes for just a second, then hes gone, pulled into the black death below the bridge, his scream shattering the ice in my chest and piercing my heart as my body fills with grief and anger.
Fia is screaming. I can still hear Blazes yell, but its growing closer. He flies up, out of the black mist, into the air. Relief grips me, but it is short lived as a large black smoke tentacle appears from the mist and catches Blaze. A huge monster rises from beneath the bridge that looks like a creature that lives in the darkest part of the ocean. Sucking in a sharp breath, I scoot back against the far side of the bridge and grab the rope while the bridge rocks. Two bright orange eyes light up the black mist as it turns toward me, holding Blaze up. It slowly drives one of its tentacles into Blazes chest, and his scream brings all of my nightmares to mind. Fear tries to paralyze me, but I fight it, pushing away from the rope, grabbing Blazes fire sword, and cutting through the black creature. A tentacle drops to the bridge, disintegrating into ash.
Whoa! Clasping the hilt tighter, I swing at the tentacle that is attached to Blazes legs. When I cut through both it and the one wrapped around Blazes chest, he falls to the bridge. I grab his arm and pull him up as the howling increases. I half carry him toward the second gate as I hear a noise like water slapping the bridge behind us. The howling is right on our heels until we pass through the second gate. Then, there is no sound at all.
What was that thing?
Blaze is clutching at his chest as he inhales several deep breaths. That was a phaeter. A beast of the mist. Have you never seen one before?
We dont exactly have those where I come from. I hit the emblem, and the fire on the sword goes out. I hand him his sword, and he sheathes it.
Thank you for rescuing me. Being extinguished by phaeter is not the way I would want to go. They are made up of larger apparitions, and they torment you, twisting your limbs, and if you cry out they torment you harder.
Note to self: Stay away from phaeters. How will the others get past it?
Do not worry, Lennox has defeated many phaeters. Blaze looks around and points toward a large stone door. It is at least ten feet tall and as many feet wide. There is where you are to go.
If a phaeter guards the gate, I can only imagine what guards the stairs. Youre not coming?
Blaze shakes his head. The next part you must do alone. It is your path, not mine. I will wait for Lennox and the others.
Im not about to look like a chicken in front of Blaze. Not when he just risked his own neck to come across the bridge with me. Here goes nothing. I walk toward the massive door.
Josiah, Blaze calls out, and I turn to look at him, remember to focus. Blaze turns to the gate.
In the center of the stone door, there is a door within the door. I push against the stone, and it moves. I push harder, and the door within the door opens. There is light coming from within, so I go through and enter into a large room that has stone walls, floor, ceiling, a stone table, stone chairs and a stone throne chair. Behind the throne, I can see the stairs through a gate, but the lock on the gate sends alarm through my mind. The lock is as large as my head.
There are no people or apparitions in the throne room.
Where is the ruler? I mumble as I look around.
The stone back of the throne chair moves, and I jump. A large stone form rises up before me, and I stumble back, my hands shaking as my mind yells that this is only a dream, stone creatures are not real. Then eyes open, but not two eyes. Four. The top of the stone splits apart, and I am staring at a two headed stone giant.
The head on the left opens its mouth. Welcome, Josiah Foreman, to the seventh layer.
Four eyes focus upon me, and I cannot move or breathe. They know my name!
The floor shakes as the stone giant moves toward me. Im so not dreaming. It stops right in front of me, and I tilt my head back to look at it, though Im not sure which head I should be looking at. They are not ugly exactly, but they are made of stone. I force myself to stay completely still and show no fear.
Who are you? I ask with just a tiny tremor in my voice.
Greail, replies the left head.
Marcel, says the right head at the same time.
I do not want to be here. I want to be in my parent's small apartment; I want to be in Pittsburgh, not in some crazy world of dreams filled with equally crazy creatures.
They have not killed me yet, so I decide to state why Im here because I dont know what else to do. I have come for a purpose. They both look down at me. I ask that you allow my friends and I to pass through your gate.
The stone takes a step back. Pass through our gate? Pass through our gate! No one passes; no one lives, replies the left headGreail.
Why not? I ask, and both heads tilt to the left as if they are both thinking.
Uh, we cannot say. He does not allow it, Marcel says.
What was his name? The guy who thinks he rules the realm? My eyes flip over the things in the room as I try to remember, but for some reason Im drawing a blank.
Why would you want to leave? Our layer is the nicest; our layer is the best, Greail says, but Marcel sticks out a tongue like a tiny, sheet rock.
Hey, Craggy, shovel it! Marcel tells Greail then looks at me. Dont mind him, he has rocks for brains. Go ahead through our gate. Really. Whos to know?
Theyll know, whispers Greail, his head turned away in what looks like anger.
Whos going to tell them? You?
Greails head twists to stare at Marcel. The two heads are nearly touching. Yeah!
Yeah? Marcel retorts.
YEAH!
Talk about split personalities.
He does not let us leave, Marcel tells me. We must always stay. We guard the stairs and the power.
You should not say that, Marcel, Greail barks. He is not to know what we guard. No one can know.
Marcel shifts his head, trying to look at Greail again. If you would stop being such a stone, we would be greater than seven. We could guard him.
Greail shifts his own head again. If you would stop cracking your head over your displeasure, we would not be seen as lesser.
What kind of power do you guard? I ask, and the two quit bickering to look at me.
His power, the power that lights the tower, Marcel replies.
Shut up, shut up, Greail chants.
You must be strong.
Marcel beams, if stones can beam. Oh, we are. We are the strongest of all the leaders under him. Even Mach does not have our strength, and he is the keeper of the twenty-second throne.
An idea forms in my head, one that could get me through that gate. My adopted dad, Tim, sent me to learn judo, and what I learned was that you have to know when to use your strengths. When youre bigger, you can fight against them, but when youre smaller, you have to fight with them. Divided they fall and all that. I have met Mach. He spoke of you. They look at me with eager expressions. He said youre like a penny. Two-faced and worthless. Pushing this further, I add, He also said that Marcel has all the brains, and Greail was dumber than a box of rocks.
Tiny rocks fall from Greails face as he gnashes his teeth.
Thats not true! Marcel shouts, then holds his hand up to cover his mouth as he whispers, It really is.
Greail twists his head toward Marcel. What do you know about it? Youre nothing but a traitor. 
Thats right, Marcel says, and you can call me Stonewall Marcel, greatest rock to ever live.
Greail ignores Marcel looking down at me. I know what you are doing, but you will fail.
We were not asking for the story of your life, Greail, Marcel retorts, and a laugh escapes me that I quickly turn into a cough.
You should not speak, Greail says, his voice becoming a hiss.
What are you afraid of, Greail? I ask.
Yes, what are you afraid of, Greail? Marcel mimics.
Greails eyes close and he looks like nothing but a round rock until his mouth opens again. He can hear you, Marcel, he can hear everything.
If he can hear us why has he not come before? I shall let the human through our gate. Marcel begins to shout at the ceiling, Did you hear that? Marcel smiles. Of course he didnt because hes not listening.
Stop it! Stop it! Greails chants grow louder.
Greail crumbles when I dont listen to him. Well, guess what, Greail, Mach doesnt listen to you either. He sees who is the stronger stone.
Actually, he also said that Marcel is not all hes cracked up to be, too moody, and that is why you are only allowed to be the ruler of the seventh layer, I tell them.
Marcels happy demeanor turns instantly, but Greails picks up.
Oh-ho! Not so chippy when the stone is on the other foot.
Greail, Mach called. He needs a box of stupid rocks and wanted to know if youre available, Marcel says in perfect calm, and I turn away from them, biting my lip to keep from laughing out loud.
Mach is coming, and when he arrives, you will repent that you ever spoke a word, Greail informs Marcel.
Are you afraid of Mach, Greail? I ask.
All who serve him are afraid of him. Greail looks straight into my eyes. You should be afraid of him. He wants you. We are to keep you here until he comes to fetch you. Then we will be given a seat of honor.
Greeaaat! Im a prisoner of a two-headed boulder who bicker like an old married couple.
What will he do, stone me? Sticks and stones cant break these bones, cause bones these stones dont have, Marcel says in a sing-song voice.
ENOUGH! Greail takes his head and slams it against Marcels.
Hey, not cool! I shout, but Greail ignores me as he keeps slamming his head against Marcel. I grab a piece of rock from the floor and lob it at Greails head.
As Marcel crumbles, his head cracks and falls from the stone body. A bit horrified, I take a step back. Marcel is nothing but a cracked stone on the floor.
This is your fault! Greail shouts at me. He snatches up something that looks like a tree trunk and stomps toward me.
Oh snap. Dodging around the stone table, Greail takes his club and bashes the table in half. My heart is racing as I run past the table, dodging Greails swinging club, and the rocks that fly when he breaks the stone chairs. I run for the throne chair as Greail calls out to me.
You should never not come to a place where you never know the answers.
What does that even mean?
You never knew, but had you known, youd still be just as lost.
My dads voice echoes through my mind as if he is here with me, Think, Josiah, every spoken word has a hidden meaning. Greail is trying to confuse me into making a mistake. Hes trying to buy time so I wont figure out how to get out of here. The way to battle confusion is with clarity and focus.
I look up at Greail. I am going to get that lock off the gate, then Im going to open it, and my friends and I are going to go up the stairs to the next layer.
You will learn that no one leaves. No one lives. He is in everything. In every thing.
Hes not in me, I retort, and Greail takes a step back. He will never be a part of me. If I ever have to choose, you can bet that I will choose Abner over Floriant.
Greail begins to shake. You cannot say that name.
Who, Abner? I can and I do, and as long as Im here, Ill say anything I want.
The floor begins to shake beneath my feet, and pieces of stone fall from the walls and from Greail. He raises the club, and with a loud shout, throws it at me. With a jolt of panic, I leap out of the way, landing on my side. As I glance up, the gate is standing open. Greails club broke the lock. A piece of the ceiling falls right onto Greail, crushing him. I stand and start toward him, but a glint of silver catches my attention near his broken throne. Its a silver key with a smooth greenish-brown stone on the top, like the color of this layer. Intuition tells me that Ill need it later, so I pocket the key, right before the door to the throne room opens, and Pentaim storms into the room, her reacher raised. She halts, her mouth dropping open as her eyes take in the room in one sweep before resting on me. Des comes through the door next walking into Pentaim and the two stumble over crumbled rocks. Des looks incredulous. I would laugh if I werent so tired. Lennox comes in next, but does not look around as he marches straight for me.
You are unhurt? he asks with what sounds like real concern in his deep voice.
From the stone giant? Pshh, just another day in paradise.
Everyone stares at me for a second before Lennox laughs and lays a hand on my shoulder. I do believe you have earned the right to lead the way up the stairs. He leads me toward the gate.
Lennox, the giant mentioned something about guarding Floriants power. Do you know what that means?
Floriant tells each of the throne keepers that they are guarding his power to keep them satisfied with their layer, when the truth is that Floriant trusts no one but himself.
At the gate, I pause. If I go up these stairs, I might as well announce that I accept this place, and every crazy thing Ive been told.
Blaze appears beside me. Last one up is a light snatcher, he whispers and I feel myself grinning. I guess if Im stuck here, the least I can do is to discover as much as I can about this place, and why they know my name.
When I nod we take off running up the stairs. Every twenty-five is broken by a landing until we reach the top of one hundred stairs. Theres another gate thats open, and when we step through, my stomach drops. Before us is the thing I fear the most.




4 DREAMERS

We are standing in the middle of a cave. A freaking cave. Confined spaces, lack of oxygen, cave-ins, paths that lead on with no end, poisonous gasses, yeah, they freak me out.
There are at least a dozen tunnels that split off in all directions. A path leads from the gate that we just came through to the end of the cavern, and there are two-foot tall torches that stick up from the floor lighting the room. The ceiling of this cavern is round and held up by pillars. The reddish rock looks smooth, and the floor is yellow sand. Its ungodly hot in here. But, there is an upside to being in this layer of caves. It doesnt smell like the last layer. This one has a smell of wet clay.
Some of the vigilantes are freaking out and for good reason. Who knows what is lurking in these caves just waiting to attack us.
It is no different from any other layer, Lennox announces.
Ha! Only this is a cave.
Lark unrolls enough of the map to see what this layer is like. Layer seven is now black out like the six below it. Lark guides her finger along an algorithm that is on the map as if she knows what she is looking at.
These two tunnels are the only two that connect. She points at two lines. It looks like they connect at the cavern before the throne room. If we send two teams, we can meet there. That way we are not all in the same place at the same time.
That sounds sensible to me; less people to breathe up all the air.
Can you see the pitfalls? Des asks, edging his way in beside Lark and pushing me out of the way with his shoulder.
My first impulse is to knock him into the next layer, but as I look up, Pentaim is staring at me. She shakes her head as if she knows what I am thinking, which makes me wonder if she can read minds. That could be one of the crazy rod abilities. One way to find out.
I look Pentaim over when shes not looking at me. I think about all of the things I find attractive about her; the things I would never want her knowing. I wait. If she can read my mind, there is no way she would remain unaffected after some of these thoughts. She would probably try to extinguish me. No blush stains her cheeks and I release a relieved breath.
This layer is better guarded than the last. I cannot see the waylayer, Lark says, holding everyones attention.
Then let us break into teams, Lennox says as he moves to consult with Pentaim.
As I listen to them, I quickly realize that Pentaim is second in command to Lennox, a fact that does not surprise me at all. Ive noticed her calm authority. Ive seen her fight. Even in the scariest of fights, such as against eyeless apparitions, she never shows fear; she never backs down.
Lennox calls over a man named Carsh, and when he stands before them, he is almost as tall as Lennox and just as wide.  They split the vigilantes, twenty-five going with Carsh, and twenty-five with Lennox and Pentaim. Its surreal standing in the group around Lennox because of all the different ethnicities around me. Two Latinos, one Native American, one South African, an Asian, and whatever Pentaim is, makes a well filled map.
Josiah will go with me, Lennox says, and then they break up.
Carsh calls out to the people going with him while Lennox moves to Lark and tells her to give Carsh the map. Lark grips it to her chest as if she is about to refuse.
We cannot have the two most important articles together, and if you want to go with me, you must surrender the map. Carsh will not let it out of his reach.
What could be as important as the map? Lark looks over her shoulder at me, then nods and hands the map to Carsh.
We split up, and I follow Lennox into a tunnel, taking one last deep breath and hoping that my anxiety doesnt show. The torches are no longer guiding our way, and the tunnel is completely black. I have mixed feelings about the dark. For one, I like not being able to see how confined a space Im in, but you never know from which direction the next attack will come. Light appears from a stick in Lennoxs hand that looks like a super bright glow stick.
As we move further into the tunnel, Lennox walks beside me as Des, Lark, and Pentaim jog ahead of us and disappear into the darkness.
What does a light keeper do? I ask, needing something to keep my mind off my embarrassing, but strong childhood fears.
There are many different jobs in the realm, categorized as proxy, light keeper, warrior, navigator, throne keeper, and waylayer. Light keepers were guardians of Abners light, tasked with keeping it focused on all of the layers, offering warmth and guidance to everyone who came to the Realm of Dreams.
Do you know Floriant well?
Better than anyone else, Lennox says without emotion.
If I knew Floriant better than anyone, I would be angry that he betrayed me. Have you seen Floriant since the war?
Lennox remains silent for several steps as he shines his light over the darkness. Once. He is wounded now.
Thats good news for us. Did you wound him?
Lennox stops and I halt beside him. He lowers his stick and the light dims until it is only casting a soft orange glow over the two of us. Floriant was wounded by MeriBeth, a protector of life who helped us defeat the second layer. She fought and saved Fia from Floriant. She saved many existences, and she wounded Floriant in the leg. He now limps and it pains him to walk. It is why he stays in his own layer and allows Mach to rule all the rest.
Where is she? MeriBeth.
She was only here for a short length of points. She understood her calling, and when she completed what was needed of her, she left. Lennox begins to walk again and his light shines bright. He looks over his shoulder at me. She was from your world.
What? I jog to catch up with Lennox and his long-legged strides. From where in my world? How did she get in here? Did you kidnap her, too?
Lennox chuckles. You make it sound as if you are a hostage. You are no hostage, Josiah. There are always opportunities for you to leave, if only you apply your mind to discover how.
I can get out.
Des, Lark, and Pentaim appear ahead of us. We have a problem, Des says, his face set in a scowl.
Lark is clasping and unclasping her hands, and Pentaim will not look at me, staring straight ahead and her small jaw clenched. Whatever it is, it has to be bad.
Des leads us with Lennox at his side to a place where the path dips down. Just there, Des says, pointing to what looks like two glassless windows built into the tunnel wall. Lennox moves closer and, with curiosity filling me, I follow. As I walk down the dip, I hear moaning. At the window, Lennox looks through, then jerks back. He turns to me, trying to use his body to shield the window, but its too late. I see what is through the window and my stomach recoils.
The window overlooks a wide cavern and down below are dozens of people standing or laying in rows. They have the same blank look as the people from the artery. White apparitions are flying from one person to the next. They dive into one and remain there until that person makes a noise and then they leap out of them and into the next. It is like a tormenting assembly line. Each person they leave looks a little darker, like the apparitions are stealing their light. A few moan, others wail, some scream, blood freezing, nerve shattering, ear piercing screams.
How did those people get here?
Have you ever had a nightmare, Josiah? One that felt real, but when you wake all you can only remember is how horrifying it felt, and you are more tired than when you went to sleep? Lennox asks as he stands beside me at the window.
I nod, unable to take my eyes from the people below. Some of them look like kids, twelve, thirteen.
This is where they come to have those dreams. Those people down there are the dreamers.
I run my hand over my mouth and pinch my lips. If I am understanding him, all those night terrors, all of those vicious dreams that robbed me of sleep for years, came from here, from the Realm of Dreams.
What kind of person allows this insanity to occur? I demand of Lennox.
It is every leaders duty to protect and guide those in their layer. If you have a grievance with how the dreamers are being treated, you must take it up with the throne keeper, Lennox informs me, but that is not good enough for me. I need to do something now.
Blaze appears through a tunnel across the cavern. The tunnel entrance is as high as my own window. I wave my hand, trying to gain his attention, but he does not see me. Something white flashes across the distance, then an apparition appears behind Blaze. It shoves Blaze, and he falls forward. He is caught by another apparition just inches from hitting the ground, then tossed from one apparition to another. He struggles against them, trying to get one of his weapons free.
Give me a weapon. I look over my shoulder at Lennox. Give me a weapon!
Lennox removes a pack from his back and rips it open, pulling out weapons. He tosses me a crossbow. Lennox holds up the same and takes aim then squeezes the trigger. Instead of an arrow, a round disk flies across the cavern and smashes straight into the back of one of the apparitions. After a second, the apparition disintegrates into ash.
I fire my own weapon at an apparition closing in on Blaze. The disk hits it in the head. Lark, Des, and Pentaim fill the window next to mine, each firing their own weapons into the cavern. From the tunnel Blaze came through, more disks hit the cavern. Carsh and two of the vigilantes are firing crossbows. Fia raises her hands and two iridescent bubbles form over her palms. She throws them forward and they hit the apparitions, knocking them back.
That halts me for a second as I stare, dumbfounded until Fia looks over at me and motions with her hand. I wave my acknowledgement and take aim as Fia builds up two balls of air in her hands before leaping off the edge. She throws her air bubbles at the apparitions as she falls toward the cavern floor. One of the apparitions flies up toward her, and I shoot it in the back, sending ash raining down on the people below. Fia comes up beside Blaze as he throws his sword into an apparition as if its a spear. He starts making fireballs with his hands. Back to back they send fire and air into the apparitions, as the vigilantes in the tunnels send disks from crossbows.
The dreamers are still in lines, but they are no longer screaming as the apparitions are now focused on Blaze and Fia. I keep my gaze aiming down my weapon, but I move it along the rows of people, searching for any lurking apparitions. I run my gaze over the first row and start on the second. When I aim at the last person on the second row, my breath is stolen from my body.
It only lasts a second before I start shouting, NO!
Tony is standing in that line. Tony is in the Realm of Dreams! My cousin. There is a blank look on his face as if he is not really here. Those deranged creatures have been tormenting my cousin!
Pentaim, give me your gun!
She leans back to look at me. She is the only one who has a gun. I dont know what it does, but Ive seen her carrying it, and I need something more effective than a crossbow.
Why?
I want to yell at her, but I hold my anger inside. Give me your gun. Give it to me now, I demand, and she stares at me as if I have lost my mind. That is an apt description for I am sure that I have.
Pentaim is unyielding, but this is not the time for one of her stare-downs. Pen, that is my cousin down there. I need your gun.
Pentaim lowers her weapon to her side, her face looking completely mortified. She reaches behind her, pulling the reacher from the harness strapped to her back. She tosses it to me. Do you know how to use it?
Ill figure it out, I say as I take aim at the apparitions. There are at least twenty of them still down there and Des, Lennox, Lark, Carsh, and the other two vigilantes are still firing down below. I aim at the apparitions around Blaze and Fia. I inhale one long breath, then I squeeze the trigger. A dozen silver balls fly from the barrel, sailing across the distance. As they near the apparitions they spread out to form a line. They are only drawn to apparitions. They do not make the apparitions explode upon impact. No, these are much worse. They go beneath the white flimsy material that the apparitions are made of, then a bright light shines from their eyes, mouth, fingertips, shaking them until they burst into nothing. No sparks, no fireworks, just gone.
I take aim at another group and fire, then a third until there are no apparitions left. I lower the gun, and my shoulders sag with it. There is no ledge from where we are; its a straight drop. I sit on the sill, swinging my legs over, ready to fall if that is what it takes. Lennoxs large arms wrap around me and he pulls me back into the tunnel, then he leans forward and shouts at Blaze.
Last man, second row, extract him immediately.
Blaze salutes, then he and Fia run down the line of dreamers until they reach Tony. I lean my arms against the sill as I watch Blaze and Fia each take a side of Tony and move him toward one of the many entrances to the cavern. As they disappear, I kneel down, leaning my head in my hands. A hand touches my shoulder, but I dont look up. Tears are burning my eyes though I refuse to cry. Tony would say that Masins dont weep like little babies. I wipe my eyes on my jacket then push myself up. Pentaim is behind me, and it was her hand that touched my shoulder. She steps back as I pick up her weapon and hand it to her.
Thanks for that, I say. She only nods.
Lennox steps between us, blocking her from me. As I said before, any grievance will be taken up with the leader of this layer.
You can believe that it will be, I say in a deep voice that I dont recognize, a voice filled with bitter anger.
I set off walking down the tunnel, running my hand along the smooth wall to feel where I am going. Light comes from behind me a moment before Pentaim appears at my side, carrying one of those lights like Lennox has. She says nothing, though I wouldnt have heard her if she did speak. My mind is too busy tormenting me to think about anyone else. Tony was here. He is one of the strongest people I know, and they turned him into a drone. I want to go home to make sure Tony is still alive, to make sure that those things did not do any lasting damage to him.
There is only one thing to do. How do the dreamers get out?
Pentaims glance is cautious. One of three ways. The dreamers wake on their own, the apparitions pull everything they can from the dreamers, or we defeat the throne keeper and awaken all of the dreamers. When we defeat a layer, the dreamers wake up. If they are pulled back in, they are pulled into a different layer.
What happens to the dreamers when they wake?
They have no memory of being here, but they do have lingering feelings, emptiness, darkness, grief, Pentaim replies in a weary voice.
This all leaves me with many questions, but none as important as the one I ask now. Why am I here, Pentaim?
You are here because you are the only one who can find Abner and stop this war for good.
How is that possible? Ive never met Abner.
You havent, but your grandfather has, and it is because of him that you are here.
Thats impossible, I say forcefully. My grandfather is the most corrupt person Ive ever met. That he knows Floriant I can believe, but Abner? No way.
Pentaim halts, turning toward me, her expression intense. Not that grandfather.




5 CLACTURES

Now I know why Pentaim is second in command. She gives a blow that will knock you to your backside without laying a finger on you.
I dont know what she is talking about. I only have one grandfather. Benjamin Hunt, my fathers father, died before I was born. I tell Pentaim this, but she shakes her head. We reach the end of the tunnel that leads into a cavern as wide as the one that the dreamers were in, lit by the same kind of torches that lit the first cavern.
Pentaim removes her harness and jacket. I stand with my arms crossed over my chest, waiting for her to tell me why she thinks my grandfather, whom Ive never met, is the reason Im here.
She sits on the sand and crosses her legs, staring up at me, waiting. After I sit, she asks what I know of my family. All I know is what my adopted parents could find out and what my cousin told me. My father was a Native American of the Ojibwe tribe living and working in Columbus, Ohio where he met my mother. It was not until after they were married and she was pregnant that she told my father what kind of business her family was in, and that she was in hiding. Tony told me what happened to my parents. My grandfather had found out that mom was married, and sent her brother to bring her home. Her brother broke in one night, shot my dad, and kidnapped mom, but on the way to Pittsburgh, her water broke and he had to take her to the hospital. My mom left me at an orphanage when I was a day old. Mom was hit by a car six days later. I dont know if that car was driven by her brother, but I think so.
Pentaim throws another blow to my life. According to her, in the Ojibwe tribe there was a person known as the dreamer, a tribal visionary who possessed access to important and significant information that they would get through dreams. Sometimes it was good, but often the dreams would foretell danger that was to come. My grandfather was that man. The Ojibwe tribe believed that eagles were prayer messengers. They would envision themselves transforming into eagles when they prayed for each other and then the eagle would carry the prayers to the Creator.
How do you know this?
I am going to tell you something that no one else is willing to talk about, but this must stay between us. She leans forward, resting her arms on her legs, her hands clasping. Your grandfather was seriously injured and entered what we call a long sleep. He arrived here at the end of the war, and since he had been in the habit of visiting Abner before the war, he joined the fight.
I lean back, resting my hands in the sand. I dont believe you.
You dont have to believe me, Josiah. Believe your grandfather.
I quickly look around the cavern, my heart pounding in my chest, but no one appears. Pentaim pulls her harness into her lap. It is like a backpack with an opening in the top for her gun and swords and several pockets. She opens one of those and pulls out a tomahawk.
You have got to be kidding.
Pentaim tosses her harness aside and stares down at the weapon in her hands. I met Benjamin in the first layer. He knew he would wake up because he asked me to keep this for you.
It has a long wooden handle with a carved picture of mountains and an eagle with its wings spread. The blade is silver and different from anything I have ever seen. Instead of a solid blade, it has a cutout of an eagle in the center with wings spread to each side of the blade. The eagle looks like a drawing. Pentaim tells me it is a Native American eagle. There are leather cords tied around the bottom of the handle and two small strands of small, tan beads hang from the end. My beads. I take off my mothers necklace and place it beside these beads. Theyre the same. Some kind of emotion clogs my throat. Not sadness, because how can I be sad about people I have no memory of?
Pentaim is staring at the beads, so I hold them out to her. They were left with me at the orphanage, and my cousin did not know anything about them.
Betrothal beads, Pentaim says, and my brows stretch as far as they can go. These are a part of your familys tradition, passed from father to son when the son was about to become engaged. They worked like an engagement ring.
So my family is cheap? Giving some old beads instead of a rock? Bet my mom loved that.
Pen bites on her bottom lip and I can tell that she wants to smile from the way the corners of her mouth tip up. Im sure your mother saw them as an honor. She stands and dusts the sand off her pants. You may not want to accept this, but you are here for a purpose, but like all of us, you must find something to fight for, or you will never make it.
I dont accept it. I have never believed in purpose, or destiny, or fate. I believe that we are born, we live, and we die. She is right about one thing though. I do need something to fight for. What do you fight for? I ask as she is turning away. I can see her sigh, but she looks straight into my eyes.
Life. She moves to where the vigilantes are entering the cavern.
I take off my jacket, wrapping it around the tomahawk. I dont want anyone to know that I have it.
Lennox sends Des and Pentaim to scout out the rest of the tunnel ahead of us, then he calls me over to him. All of the vigilantes have a specific weapon that was designed for them. Something only they can wield. I believe it is time for you to have yours.
Designed for me? Lark carries a thick stick toward us, and I gape. A cane? Thats it?
Lennox tells me to see what I can do with it. Other than walk, Im not sure there is much to be done. It is shiny black and has a silver knob with an eagle etched on top, like the one on the tomahawk. I glance at Lennox, but hes impassive. Twisting the knob once, the entire cane illuminates like a black light. I twist the knob again, and electricity surges from the handle into my hand and arm. I try to open my fingers, but the knob of the cane is attached to my hand through its currents. I see what it is doing. If I am in the middle of a fight, this weapon will never leave my hand. I twist the knob and the electricity turns off, but I hear something click. The eagle is raised up from the rest of the knob. As I pull it out, a long blade is connected to the eagle, and when I raise it up, the blade separates, making two thinner blades. Okay, Im beginning to like this weapon. I move apart from Lennox and Lark, swinging the blades around. When I lower them to my side, they slide back together. I begin to turn, but Lennox halts me.
Never focus the tavin on anything that you do not want to destroy. He tells me to see what else the tavin does.
Curious, I twist the knob for electricity and then I twist it again. The tavin pushes me back a step as the black of the cane turns purple, the bottom end raises off the ground without me doing anything, and what looks like lightning surges from the silver bottom tip straight to the nearest rock. The hair on my arms stand up as the rock blasts into nothing, then the lightning stops and the cane turns black again.
After twisting the knob twice, I set the thing on the ground, stepping away from it. Running a hand through my hair, I stare at it. Im freaking out; Im not going to lie. Never before have I felt that kind of power. It was like rubbing a balloon on your head and having your hair stand up, but add about a thousand watts to that. No one can hold that kind of power...but I did.
I have never seen the tavin do that before, Lennox says as he picks the weapon up off the ground. I believe we have found your chosen weapon.
Lennox holds the weapon out to me. When I hesitate, the expression on his face tells me that he is prepared to wait me out. He wants me to use the tavin. Taking the weapon in my hand, Lennox smiles his pleasure with me accepting my fate. He turns to where Pentaim has come back into the cavern.
Get Josiah a harness and show him how to use it.
Pentaim brings me a black nylon harness. You will need your jacket. I retrieve it, carrying it carefully, so the tomahawk doesnt fall out. Pentaim blocks me from everyone else as she shows me where to hide the tomahawk in one of the pockets. When it is hidden, she helps me to get the harness on right. You can tuck blades in these slits here so that it is easy access if you reach around like this. Her hand reaches around me, and as she leans in close, I catch her scent. She smells great. I inhale deeply, and she takes a step back.
Did you just sniff me? One brown eyebrow raises as she waits for an answer.
No, I say, fighting a smile that forms anyway, maybe. Why do you smell like a garden of flowers?
What should I smell like? There is a definite look of amusement in her eyes, on her lips.
I lean against the wall thinking about what should Pen smell like. Her white blonde hair is angled around her forehead like windswept spikes; her peach colored lips are open just enough to see her very white front teeth, and her pale blue eyes are staring at me. This is the closest I have seen Pen to smiling, and that is what I want more than anything else at this moment. To see her smile.
I would think that someone who spends their days traveling through caves and fighting apparitions would smell like dirt and sweat, but not you. You smell like...life. This is the stupidest conversation I have ever had with a girl, but for some reason Pen does that to me. Renders me stupid.
Thank you. The corners of her lips just barely tilt up. Its not quite a smile, but it has me feeling all kinds of stupid.
Josiah, Lennox calls out, and when I reach him he says, Deseronto will be training you.
Lennox and five of the others disappear through the tunnel, and I wait for Des to tell me what he wants me to do first.
Grab your weapons. We are going on a little trek, Des says, and stomps away to pick up his own weapons.
Where are you taking him, Des? Pen asks softly as I am loading knives into my harness from my belt.
He needs to have more knowledge of our weapons, so I am taking him to gain the necessary experience, Des replies as he removes a whip from his pack.
If you harm him, if you so much as get one hair on his head bent, I vow on all the light
Extinguish it, Pentaim. Des tilts his head to one side and smirks at Pen. The urge to hit him fills me like a blast from the tavin. From the way you speak, one would think that you care for the princeling.
Princeling? If I were not so intrigued to hear Pens answer I would tavin Des.
Of course I care, and you should too. Lennox is one ill chosen step away from stripping you of rank. If you lose your badge, then what have you?
Des says something in that song language and Pen looks over her shoulder at me. Her words were disappointing. For a second, I thought... but that doesnt matter. I move past her.
You ready? I ask Des.
He slowly nods then leads me to the second tunnel, and we follow it for about a mile before we come upon another window that overlooks a different cavern. It is smaller than the last two, but it is lit with the same small torches. Des pulls a rope from his pack, holds one end and throws the rest out the window.
You first, Princeling.
For a moment, I consider breaking him in two, but I dont think Lennox or Pen would like that.
Princeling? Thats the best youve got? Even Pentaim can do better than that.
Dess laugh is full of derision. Everyone here thinks you are the bloomin second sun, but you dont even know who you are, so, I call you princeling, and when you figure out the truth, youll understand.
Ignoring Des, I climb on the windowsill and grab on to the rope, lowering myself down. When my feet touch the sandy floor, I immediately feel a change in temperature. Its about thirty degrees hotter. There is only one entrance, and it is a large one, with black scorch marks on parts of the sand. I look up to the window in time to see Des pull the rope up.
What the What are you doing?
It is time for training, Princeling. If you make it through this, you can make it through anything, Des calls down to me. I would get out the tavin if I were you. Clactures arent known for their kindness, and your trainer is about to arrive.
There is a dim light coming from the hole in the cavern wall, and the sand beneath my feet starts to shift. I pull the tavin from the harness and turn the knob two times. It electrifies, suctioning to my hand again, but this time it doesnt freak me out. My eyes are trained on the hole as the light grows brighter. Howling wind starts, and I have a bad feeling about what is coming my way. A black whirlwind of smoke flies toward me, and my feet are swiped off the ground. My stomach drops to my throat as I am hung upside down.
Two orange eyes appear through the smoke, and I want to puke. The clacture looks like a giant smoke bat that could only come from hell. I never thought much about hell, but after seeing this thing, I know it exists. Fear of confined spaces? Forget that. This is gut-twisting, mind-blowing, whole body on freak-out mode fear.
It pulls me toward its smoky face and opens its mouth like it is going to eat me. A flash of lightning appears from the window, striking the clacture. It turns its evil eyes to the window. A screeching sound comes from within the smoke, and it shakes me as if taunting whoever threw that lightning.
One of its bat wings comes up and pierces straight through me. A burning sensation erupts through my chest and I cry out, which makes the burning increase. My body is on fire; my chest is filled with flames that I know are trying to incinerate me. I remember what Blaze said about the phaeters, tormenting people more if they scream, so I clamp my mouth shut, and grit my teeth to keep from calling out again.
The clacture moves me enough that I can see Des eagerly watching from the safety of the window. Anger, stronger than the burning pain in my chest, darker than the clacture holding me, surges through me and the clacture starts screeching again. I stab the tavin into the clacture. I hold it there as the light from the tavin strikes the clacture. The clacture pulls its wing out of me, but it hooks on my neck and I feel my necklace break. The beads drop one by one to the floor below, and the howling begins again. My head spins as I am swung around the cavern like in the middle of a vortex. I close my eyes and try to focus the lightning, building it up until it does just what I want it to do.
Light erupts inside the clacture. Its like watching a lightning show in black clouds. I fall from the air, landing on my back on the floor. Pain shoots down my spine causing my eyes to water. Light bursts through the orange eyes, turning them white, and from its head the black smoke turns white, making its way down. It spreads over the wings, and when it reaches the bottom tip of the clacture, it explodes, and I cover my face. Wind pushes me several feet back, and then there is nothing.
Shaking and feeling a second away from a mental breakdown, I slowly remove my arm from my face. There is nothing in the cavern with me. I push myself up to sitting and stare at a large white scorch mark on the wall. I set my hand down beside me, and something digs into my palm; one of my mothers beads. My anger returns full force and I push myself up to my feet, ignoring the pain in my spine and back. After putting the tavin in my harness, I go toward the wall under the window.
Lower the rope, now! The end of the rope drops. When I reach the windowsill, I climb over, barely reining in my anger at a smiling Deseronto.
What you did down there was He gets nothing else out because I slam my fist against his jaw. He stumbles back and hits the wall, sliding down.
If you ever dare to threaten my life again, I will personally feed you to the biggest apparition I can find, and I will watch as it devours your soul. You get me? Des nods feeling his jaw. I leave him in the tunnel, too angry to pay attention to the dark that surrounds me.
When I reach the cavern where everyone else is, I am near to dead on my feet. My spine aches, my head is pounding, and my chest is still burning. Lark comes toward me, concern covering her pretty face.
What happened? Are you hurt? She touches my arm, and I wince and pull away. Apparently my arm is bruised as well. Come. I will tend to your wounds. She guides me to a large rock that is half the size of me and has a flat top. I sit, and she removes my harness then helps me to remove my jacket. As we pull off my shirt, someone gasps behind me. Without looking, I know who the voice belongs to. My hands fist, and I wince at the pain in the broken skin from where I punched Des.
What did he do to you? Pen demands. She stomps around me when I dont answer. She looks at my chest, and stomach, biting on her lip, then her eyes raise, but halt on my neck where my mothers beads laid.
I shrug then fight the urge to wince as pain shoots through my shoulders. A casualty of battle.
Im going to extinguish him, I swear it on all the light left in this realm. She turns and starts to walk away.
Pen, I call out, but snap my mouth shut when she whips around with a fierce expression covering her face. She doesnt say anything as her eyes sweep over me. I gulp against my suddenly dry mouth as she stomps away.
When I look at Lark, she shrugs. She opens a jar and applies aqua blue gel to the black scorch mark on my chest where the clacture entered me. Instantly, my chest cools and I am able to breathe fully. Lark moves around me to look at my back.
At her sharp intake of breath, I ask, Is it that bad?
Oh, Josiah, what did Des do to you?
I want to tell her, just to get Des stripped of rank, but I wont do that. Im not a snitch. If Lark wants to know, she will have to ask Des.
Tell me, Lark, what was the rod like before the war? I ask, trying to draw her attention away from how my injuries happened.
Greater than words can express. Abner has orchards, and gardens and flowers all over his layer. My favorite was the rosamacore. It is a very beautiful flower that blooms pale purple with yellow tips and center. It is a joyous flower that attracts the singing birds.
There are birds in Abners layer?
Oh yes. They make the most uplifting songs and can sing as a chorus. She finishes with my back then hops on the rock beside me as she places the lid on her gel. I am very glad that you are here, Josiah. For the first time since the war, I have hope.
Looking her over, I smile. Her brown eyes are filled with happiness, and all I can think is that shes an incredible girl. She can smile and have hope in the midst of an apparition-filled cave layer, and thats incredible to me.
She hands me my shirt, but before I get it over my head there is a thundering shout behind me.
Deseronto! What have you done?




6 MEMORIES

All eyes are on Lennox who looks like one of those pro wrestlers my cousin Tony likes to watch on TV. He reaches Des, and I have to hand it to the lunatic, he doesnt flinch.
What did you do to Josiah? Lennox asks with deadly calm. There is one thing that everyone should fear for sure, and that is when a mountain of a man speaks in a calm, almost inaudible voice.
I cannot hear the reply, but Lennox turns and his voice booms across the cavern. Josiah! I keep my chin level as I approach Lennox. Lift your shirt, he says.
It isnt that bad, I try to say because I dont want everyone thinking that I cant fight my own battles.
Lennox looks straight at me. Lift. Your. Shirt.
I lift my shirt. There is no way I would choose to go up against Lennox. Not because Im a coward; because Im smart. I know Id lose. Im man enough to admit it. Lennox has probably been bench pressing mountains since he was a kid.
Since I am facing them, it is the scorch mark on my chest that they see. Lennoxs wide jaw begins to grind.
It was only training, and if I thought he could not handle it, I would have pulled him out, Des says, and I want to roll my eyes.
Out of where? Lennox asks, and everyone in the cavern leans in to hear what is about to be said.
A clacture cavern, Des admits with his chin up and his eyes meeting Lennox.
There are several gasps in the cavern. Des is either brave or a fool. Im going with fool.
Come with me, Lennox says to Des, looking two seconds away from losing his cool. His tan skin makes his eyes more prominent, and at the moment, they are near to bulging. The veins in his thick neck are standing out, and I move a few feet back to stay out of the way. When they disappear through one of the tunnels, Lark comes up to me with a few other people I have not met.
Did you truly destroy a clacture on your own? There is a mixture of awe and fear in her voice.
Its not a big deal. I try to change the subject. What do you think will happen to Des?
If I were Lennox, I would strip him of his rank and badge. You could have been extinguished, and then where would we be? Lark says.
Lark removes her jacket and shows me the badge that is sewn onto the inside. It is a six point star and inside each point is a letter. In the center of the star, there is a nautical star; the badge of the navigator. Others show me their badges as they explain about them. Everyone upon coming into existence is given a white badge, and when they reach eight chapters, the white fills in with the first symbol. Everyone starts out in navigation. Most move on to warriors, but some, like Lark, stay in navigation. That is why Lark wears blue and Pen wears black. The colors represent their job. The badges for throne keeper and waylayer are different since they are given to the followers of Floriant. Lark says that the apparitions are not the waylayers as I had thought, but there is a particular waylayer placed on each layer. Each badge is a star, but the letters in the points and the center symbol are different.
According to Lark, if Des is stripped of his badge it will turn half white and half black which means that he has been found incapable of honoring his symbol. He will have to go another eight chapters before he can get a new rank.
When Lennox and Des return, Des looks sulky, and Lennox appears determined. He announces that we will be staying in this cavern until the shadows lift, and then we will move on to meet up with Carshs group.
I catch Lennox alone. How did you know which guy was my cousin?
Lennox does not look at me as he sharpens a knife. This is not the first time your cousin has been here.
For a moment, I only stare. What did Tony do to come here? What did any of them do?
There are two reasons that dreamers come here. The first is that they choose to have shadows in their lives.
Tony does not fall in the first reason. Tony is always the life of the party; living for fun and excitement. Lennox looks up, his expression grim.
The second is that Floriant brought him here to torment you.
Slowly, I lean against the rock beside Lennox. It is my fault that Tony was here; that he was tormented. What would happen to Tony if I left? Would Floriant keep bringing him back until I returned and surrendered whatever key he thinks I have? Until I give my allegiance to him? Pentaim says that I am the only one who can help them find Abner; that I have a purpose. But I cant bring myself to believe her. No matter what I believe, I will not let Floriant keep torturing Tony.
Okay, I say. Lennox looks at me, his brows lifting. I will help you find Abner, but I have a few conditions.
There is an amused lift to Lennoxs mouth, but he says to name my conditions.
First is that I want a meeting with Abner alone when we find him. Lennox laughs in what sounds like relief, and agrees. Second is that I dont want Deseronto stripped of his rank. Lennox stares at me as if I have just escaped the loony bin. Maybe I have, but I have seen Des fight. He did a stupid thing, but if we are going up against more apparitions, we will need all the warriors and, whatever faults he has; Des is a great fighter.
You would have me show mercy?
Yeah, I guess I would, but if you would keep from assigning him to protect me or train me in the future, I would appreciate it.
From here forth Pentaim will be your guardian.
So, now she actually is my guardian angel. I have a feeling Pen is not going to like this very much. That makes me smile.
That brings me to my third condition. I want to know what everyone thinks that I am, and why you all knew my name when I arrived here.
Lennox stands. If you want to know, then grab your gear and follow me.
I may have just signed my own death certificate, but at least I will go out knowing that, for once in my life, I am putting others before myself. Maybe then some of my sins will be erased, and this noose of guilt that is always around my neck will disappear.
Lennox sets up targets in the tunnel so that I can train without being disturbed. Tell me, Josiah, what were you feeling when you decided to throw your knife at the apparition in the artery? Lennox asks as he pulls a knife from his belt.
Annoyance, mostly.
Any fear? Lennox balances the knife in his hand.
In the beginning, I was afraid until I got ticked off at being taunted. No. Inhaling a deep breath, I ask, How did I kill those things?
This knife has been blessed by Abner. I would like you to throw it at that slat.
Unsure what this has to do with anything, I do as he directs. As the knife lodges in the wood, a burst of light explodes in the tunnel, and I shield my eyes. When the light fades, all thats left is a pile of smoking ash left. Again, I look at Lennox.
Howwhatam I losing my mind?
Lennox laughs, a deep sounding, teeth flashing laugh, then he shakes his head and hands me two more knives. We continue on; Lennox handing me knives and I throw them until there are no targets left.
Although I appreciate the training session, what does this mean? Im more confused now than I was when we began, I say.
Lennox stares at me with his brows together. Before I tell you what you are, you need to understand something, Josiah. You are blameless, he says, and my eyebrows stretch so far up my forehead that it hurts. It is not your fault that your friend died.
I can feel the walls that Ive built around those memories begin to close in on me, and the anxiety starts to grow. How do you know about that? My voice comes out in a harsh rasp, but I dont care. Lennox cannot know about thatits impossible.
I know what happened to Brian, just as I know what happened to you.
I spin around, unable to face him.
We are each responsible for our own actions, not those of others. You are blameless.
Blameless. I dont see how he gets that. Doesnt he see that it was my fault? I close my eyes as the vault has been breached, and memories flood my mind, threatening to break me. In the orphanage, the older boys liked to try to break the younger ones, so theyd take turns locking us in a trunk in the attic. Thats where my anxiety of confined spaces began, but my fear was nothing compared to that of my best friend. Brian was three years younger than me and came from an abusive home. He was terrified of the dark, so I worked out a deal to take his turns for him. For six months, I spent more time in that trunk than anyone else until our home mother finally found out what was happening. Other than locking the attic, she didnt do anything to the bullies because she hadnt caught them in the act. When Tim and Rita Foreman adopted me, I didnt even stop to think what would happen to Brian if I left. The day after I moved in with my new family, the home mom wasnt around, so those vicious attackers locked Brian in the trunk. He had a heart condition...
If I had stayed, if I hadnt been so selfish, Brian would still be alive.
Lennox places a hand on my shoulder. You had nothing to do with his death. Think of Brian, would he want you to blame yourself?
The answer to that is simple; he would not. Brian looked up to me, and he was the one who told me it was time to let go of my hopes of finding my blood relatives and allow Tim and Rita to adopt me. He told me not to be stupid and miss out on one opportunity that all orphans would love to have.
You must choose to forgive yourself for all of blame and guilt that you feel, then choose to release it as it is no longer a part of you.
Inhaling and exhaling, I try to think like Lennox said. I think about what Brian would have wanted. He would have told me to grow up and get over it as he had said many times. I try to forgive myself for what was never my fault. With one breath and the next I feel the blame fading. Bits of guilt remain, but not as strong. At least I can breathe without feeling choked.
When I look at Lennox, he nods. As we sit on the sand, Lennox hands me a flask with water in it. I feel like I should be more freaked out than I am about this place and the things Ive fought. In a way, I guess my nightmares prepared me for coming here as messed up as that is.
What do you want from me? I would like specifics, I say.
We need your help to discover what defeats the throne keepers, and to conquer each layer.
Youre a warrior. Why do you need my help?
The highest honor in the Realm of Dreams is the proxy, which means that you are an ambassador for someone, tasked with completing their works when they are not present. It also means that you carry the powers of the person you are proxy to.
Theres a stirring in my gut; I know what Lennox is going to say, but I dont want to believe it. It defies not only logic, but everything that Ive convinced myself of. That this is all a dream.
Something you must understand is that Abner knew that Floriant would betray him, but Abner always held out hope, even when his hope was misplaced. On the day that Abner was supposed to go into what would be his final battle against Floriant, he met with two advisors, and a plan was formed. Abner would transfer most of his power to someone else, and his trusted warrior would meet Floriant in his stead. Lennox gives me a stern, almost frightening look. Abner wanted to go into battle himself, but his safety was of the utmost importance. When the battle was lost, Abner sealed himself into the twenty-fourth layer, and he entrusted me with the highest privilege our realm has ever known. Awaiting the arrival of the proxy.
If youre saying what I think youre saying, you are insane. Im not a leader. I nearly failed my communications class. No one in their right mind would follow me.
I am not asking you to be a leader, Lennox says calmly. I am asking you to help us finish this long-fought battle. I am asking you to fight with us against the throne keepers.
What if I cant do it? What will happen to the rod if I fail?
It is not a matter of failure. You are Abners proxy, so you are destined to succeed. It is a matter of choices, but no matter what you choose, you should know that as long as Abner is sealed in his layer, Floriant will continue to bring you back.
Why? Whats so all-fired important about me?
The prophecy was specific about one thing. The one who controls the proxy, controls the fate of the Realm of Dreams.



7 DRAKEN

Machs allegiance and key remarks make sense now. The control comment really ticked me off. It made me feel like Im no longer a person, but a weapon, a ticking time bomb counting down to either the destruction or the resurrection of the rod.
We slept in the cavern then set out as soon as the shadows lifted, which meant the torches in the cavern relit.
At the entrance to the cavern that will lead us to the throne room, Des is the first one there. As he steps out of the tunnel, hes jerked forward and then lifted out of sight. My first thought is that its another clacture cavern, but as I run into the cavern with the others, Des is hanging in the air with his arms crossed and a scowl darkening his face. Hes glaring at a wall to the right.
Carshs group is already in the cavern. Blaze is laughing as Fia concentrates on holding Des, using nothing but air. Des yells for her to let him down. She shakes him up and down like hes in one of those bounce houses.
Carsh, Lennox calls out, and I see him leaning against the cavern wall with his team. Lennox motions with one finger for Des to be put down. Carsh shrugs, and tells Fia to drop him. Fia lowers Des slowly, and when hes about three feet from the ground, she releases the air, and he drops flat on his stomach. Blaze is roaring with laughter, and all of Carshs team is laughing with him. It was funny, but I dont know what the joke is until Blaze sees me and runs over.
I hear you defeated a clacture on your own.
News travels fast. Yeah, I did.
Whoa, he breathes, and I am beginning to think that is his catchphrase. What was it like? Were you afraid? How did you kill it?
It was intense, and if you wont spread it around, I was scared stupid. It tossed me around before I was able to stab it with the tavin.
I heard why you had to fight it, Blaze tosses a disdainful look at Des, then looks back at me. I wanted to singe his hair, but it was Fia who got to him first. We all heard what happened, and Ive never seen my sister so disturbed. And thanks for attacking the apparitions. I saw you shooting them from the window.
What are friends for, if not to save each other from crazy, creepy floating tormentors? I say and Blaze laughs. I walk with him toward Pentaim and Fia. Thanks, I say before we reach the others, for getting my cousin out of there.
When I reach Fia, she glances up into my eyes then immediately away, her finger twirling a black strand of her hair. I can tell that shes uncomfortable in my presence.
Fia, I say and she glances up at me with uncertainty showing on her pretty face, the next time Lennox assigns someone to train me, Im asking for you. I give her my most charming smile, pouring it on thick. I dont know how or why you can control air, but its amazing.
She stares at me a second, before laughter bubbles out of her mouth, and she shakes her head. I am a navigator, so I cannot train you, but I am honored by your words. We smile at each other for a moment, and I have a feeling that Fia and I will be friends just like me and Blaze.
So, Pentaim says drawing my attention to her, I hear that we are destined to be together.
Proposing already, Pentaim? What was it that won you over? My looks? My charm?
Her cheeks turn bright pink as her eyes narrow into two slits. Actually, it was your inflated ego, she retorts, and a laugh escapes me.
Ouch. Are you always this lovely, or do you save your sharp tongue for people you truly care for?
Are you always this cocksure or is it a mask to hide your true ignorance and insecurity?
No need for compliments, sweetheart, you had me from the moment you stepped onto the artery with a bazooka.
The corner of her lip twitches. I am glad to see that you have the tavin. You need to be able to defend yourself should there ever come a time that I am otherwise engaged. I cannot guard a guy who is a piker; I have my reputation to uphold.
Piker? I have a good guess what that means, and it sends my anger skyrocketing. Ive never backed down from a fight a day in my life, but if you need further proof, lets go find a clacture right now, and Ill prove
My words are cut off by a howl coming down one of the larger tunnels. I am immediately surrounded by Pen, Blaze, Fia, Des, and Lark. Another howl echoes through the cavern, and then a dozen horrendous screeches follow as clactures come in from five different tunnels. They keep coming until they surround us; dozens of clactures of all sizes.
One of them swipes his bat wing, knocking a group of ten men aside. I have the tavin out and am just twisting the knob for the blade when Pentaim flies through the air, a clacture carrying her. Fear and adrenaline mix in my gut as I light the tavin. It attaches to my hand as I run after Pentaim. When I leap in the air, I know I wont reach the clacture. A bubble of air hits my back and I soar up higher. I throw my arm forward, and the tavin strikes the clacture. Light turns its orange eyes white before white light bursts through it. The bubble of air pushes me forward, and I grab Pen. The wind from the explosion forces us to the ground, but we land on our feet as Fia made our landing soft. We are suddenly surrounded by clactures. A thunderous crack sounds from somewhere in the cavern and lightning strikes the clactures. I twist around in time to see Des running across the room, chasing a clacture and snapping a whip, causing lightning to flash from it. Blinking in amazement, I barely catch what is being said.
Pentaim, Lennox calls as he backs toward us, get Josiah to the throne room.
Pentaim nods and shoves me toward one of the tunnels as the others gather around to guard our escape. The howling and the screeches make me cringe all the way to my toes, but Pentaim keeps her hand wrapped around my arm as she pulls me away from the battle happening to keep me alive. Blaze, Fia, Lennox, any of them could be extinguished, and all because they are protecting me. I am not worthy of any of this.
A scream follows us through the tunnel, echoing off the walls and I stop, pulling Pentaim to a halt with me. That was Lark, I say, staring down the tunnel toward the opening. I start toward the cavern. Pentaim grabs my arm and pulls me back.
Stop it, Pen, we have to go back. We have to help.
Lennox told me to get you out of there, and that is what I am doing, she says angrily, but her eyes keep darting to the cavern. She wants to go back as bad as I do, but where I want to help, Pen could do it. She is a warrior. Fighting the things that haunt these layers is what she has been trained for.
You need to go back, I say. I can go on alone. I dont need you with me to get to the throne room. I can see in her eyes that is exactly what she wants to do, but she is so duty minded that she is fighting a battle between her duty and her need. I can do this, Pentaim. Now go rescue our friends.
She opens her jacket and pulls a dagger from one of the slits. This was created by Abner. She presses the handle to my palm. Follow this tunnel to the end, and it should come out at the throne room. She places both hands over mine. Courage, for all of us.
As much as I want to go back and fight, I know that it would mean the death of the people who have become my friends. I run through the rest of the tunnel.
There is a black iron gate at the end of the tunnel that is guarding the way into the throne room. The gate is locked, so I take the dagger Pen gave me and place the tip into the lock and twist it. There is a flash of white inside the lock and the gate shifts open, and I step into a cavern.
This cavern is different from the others. Everything is made of ivory stone. The further into the cavern I walk, the more stalagmites and stalactites there are. Some are so large that the two touch. At the far end of the cavern, six steps raise up from the floor, and a black throne chair sits at the top. It is carved with two points like horns raised up from the sides. A face of a creature is on each arm rest of the chair, but the chair is empty.
You should not have come, a deep voice says from the darkness behind me, hot breath on my ear. I jump; my heart hammering in my chest. An old man steps into the bluish light coming from the cave walls. His face has deep lines around his mouth, across his forehead, and beneath his eyes. Gray hair hangs down to his lower back, and he moves toward his throne, hunched over a thick stick. As he sits on his throne, he looks like he is sneering, but it might be pain contorting his face.
I am Draken. Master and ruler of this hovel in stone.
Master Draken, I say, with as much reverence as I can put into my words, I have sought you out for a purpose.
He barks out an unpleasant laugh. Yes, I know why you have come. He leans forward. You want me to allow you and your friends through my gate. But, you have been led astray. No one goes through the gate. No one leaves. He leans back in his seat and picks up a mug that is on a clear table beside him. He sneers over the top of the mug. What do you hope to achieve by getting to the next layer?
That which is asked of me, I say, feeling like Im an actor in a medieval movie and Draken is the wicked king. I know this is not a game, but sometimes its easier to pretend to be someone else to achieve a goal.
Draken takes a swig of whatever is in his mug and wipes his mouth on his furry sleeve. Nothing but extinction awaits you. You will never defeat him. He smiles at me, and I feel chills snaking down my spine. You, a pathetic boy. An orphan. You should have stayed away. Now you are my prisoner. The lines around his mouth deepen and his sagging cheeks look like they are barely attached to his face.
Im not an orphan. Im adopted, I feel the need to say and the old mans face cringes. How do you expect to keep me a prisoner here? I can take the frail, old nut if I need to. He looks like the smallest pressure could knock him over.
I have my ways, he says. I feel behind me for the tavin. He pushes himself up, and I pull out the tavin and twist the knob. His sneer is still on his face as he lowers himself back to his chair. That light shard will not save you. Nothing will save you. He smiles as he leans back, and I know he means trouble.
There is a blue light coming from a tunnel to my left. The light grows, and the floor begins to shake as the light spreads over the cavern, and then I see why.
Hell and the devil! He has a cave troll. Nine feet tall at least and as large around as a boulder. Ugly and not at all like I ever imagined. The only trolls I have seen in books are ugly, but, not like this thing. Its face and body are a greenish-black color, and there are warts and pock marks all over its face and arms. Its nose is pointed, like you would expect to see on a witch. Its growling, but as soon as its all-black eyes fall on me, it roars and takes floor-shaking steps toward me bringing with it the smell of rotten eggs.
I remove the blades from the tavin and raise both up, but the troll does not stop. It comes at me with its jumbo sized hands and swipes at me. I drop down before it can hit me and I stab at its leg. The blade of the tavin pierces its skin, but the troll does not burst into light like the apparitions. The troll stomps at me. I roll quickly aside. The trolls large hands raise above its head and come down toward me. In its hands is a long, black blade with jagged edges. I hold up the tavin sideways, and the two connect. Purple light from the tavin merges with a kind of black shadow from the trolls blade. The two battle for power. The trolls blade is pushing the tavin down toward my throat.
This troll is not at all stupid. Another fairy tale lie. When I wake up, I am so going to write my own book, telling the truth about fairy tale creatures.
It knocks the tavin out of the way as its black blade comes down and pierces my shoulder. I half shout; half scream as an icy-cold, shadowy feeling seeps into my body.
This must be what people experience when they fall through ice and get sucked into the black abyss of freezing waters. The shadow feels like it is wrapping around my heart and beginning to squeeze. The breath leaves me as torturous agony takes its place. I cannot raise the tavin because that is the shoulder that is stabbed, so I reach into my belt for the dagger Pen gave me. Created by Abner. Well, Abner, wherever you are, do your stuff. I take the dagger and swing at the trolls blade. Upon connection, the black blade shatters into hundreds of tiny pieces of glasslike material. The troll stares down at the dagger and its own broken blade and then looks into my eyes. It begins to growl, and I stab its leg with the dagger. The trolls leg shakes; then its other leg. I watch as its belly, then its chest, then the rest of it begins to shake. I press the dagger harder, deeper. The troll reaches down for me, but its large hand never makes it. The troll explodes into millions of particles of light that slowly fall to the floor.
Draken screams and leaps off his chair with more speed than he should possess. I get to my feet and pull out the tip of the black blade that is still in my shoulder. There is red blood on the blade as I throw it against a stalagmite, shattering the blade.
Draken drops to his knees in the middle of the light show and tries scooping up the light like he can put his creature back together. When the light falls through his fingertips, his head jerks toward me and his sneer is all outrage.
You murdered him. He looks down at the light and whimpers. My Chipper. You killed him!
Chipper? Well, a madman did name him. Draken gets to his feet and shuffles back to his throne, his fur coat swishing behind him against the floor. As he reseats himself, I rip the bottom of my shirt and bunch it into a ball. I press the material against my shoulder that is bleeding at an alarming rate.
If you do not want to follow the example of your Chipper, I suggest that you allow my friends and I to go through the gate to the next layer.
Draken does not look at me as he drains the liquid from his mug. When it is empty, he throws the mug against the wall. There is no escape. Not for you and not for me. We are trapped. Trapped!
We do not have to be. Open the gate and you will see. You can even join us, I say, then frown, not sure what made me offer that. Lennox would freak if I brought a crazy along on the journey through the layers. Des acts crazy enough. We dont need another.
There is no escape, there is no gate. You are trapped here just as I am trapped here.
Hes lying. There is a gate on each layer that leads to the stairs and the stairs lead to the upper layer. The stairs are on the map, and the map is connected to the light, so I know its here somewhere. I look around the cavern as Draken keeps shouting out his foreboding. We can never leave. We will never win against him. Killjoy.
You will never defeat him, boy. He will trample you under his foot, and you will beg for mercy. Much like your friends are begging right now. He smiles, but I have never seen a more hideous sight. If you do not believe me, look for yourself. He points to one of the stalagmites, and it glows red as images appear on it.
The vigilantes are gathered in a group with a ring of flames at least twelve feet tall surrounding them. They try to find a way out, but each time they approach the flames the ring shrinks. Lark and Blaze are both burned on their arms and legs, and Des is on the ground with Pen kneeling beside him, trying to revive him. She looks over her shoulder, screaming something, but I cannot hear her. There are tears streaming down her face and my heart feels like it is being ripped from my chest then cut into tiny pieces.
Drakens hot breath comes against my ear. You will never defeat him, but I will give you a choice. I jerk away from him. The angle of his mouth makes me uneasy. You may choose your friends or the gate. If you choose your friends, they will be spared from the flames, but they will be locked in my caves to wander the rest of their existences, and you will remain my prisoner. If you choose the gate, your friends will be burned until they are nothing but ash while you go through the gate and into the next layer...alone. Make your choice quickly, boy, or you will get neither.
The fire ring moves in on the vigilantes. I have to save them. I have to help. What would Lennox do? I look toward Draken, and I know exactly what Lennox would do.
I choose both. I light the tavin again and point it at Draken. Death is not an acceptable option and that is what you offer. So, I must remove you from the equation.
A dark look twists Drakens face, and he throws off his furry robe. You choose death, he shouts as he comes at me with a black blade exactly like the troll carried.
The blade swings toward me and connects with the tavin. For a decrepit old man, he moves like the wind, or the shadows. He twists and turns and I realize all too late that Draken is an apparition. He turns into smoke then reappears across the cavern. He does the smoke thing again and appears behind me. I whip around and swipe the tavin at him, but it meets only air as he disappears again.
I run toward the throne with the tavin before me, but my shoulder is still bleeding and I know I only have minutes before I pass out. I am losing too much. That is the truth though. I will lose too much if I do not defeat him; my friends, my own life, Abner. All of it is depending on me. I cannot fail them. I cannot fail me.
When I reach the throne, the collar of my shirt is grabbed from behind and Draken whispers, Death is the answer. Death will release us from his power.
This is my chance, and I know it. He is distracted by trying to convince me that death is the answer, when it will do nothing for my friends; it will do nothing for me. I have to fight. I have to finish. For Tony. For Pen.
He has no hold on me, and I choose life! I throw my hand back, and the blade of my dagger sinks into Drakens stomach. His frail hand releases me and I turn toward him. There is a key hanging on a chain around his neck. I grab it before moving away, dragging the tavin along. I dont have enough strength to hold it up.
Draken is wheezing, and he reaches out to me, but light bursts through his fingertips and up his arms. It flows up and down his body until it flows through his eyes. He makes a sound that is straight out of a nightmare, and I lean my ear against my shoulder and cover my other with my hand as I stumble across the cavern. The floor beneath my feet is shaking like an earthquake. It shakes Drakens chair completely off its perch and light shines through the cracks that make up the gate to the stairs. It blasts away, and I cover my eyes against the rays of light. Wind sweeps against me and I am pushed back until my back hits the gate to the tunnel, then it all stops.
Josiah, I hear Des shout from behind me; then his hand is on my shoulder and I moan. He immediately releases me, and I look up. He is on the other side of the gate. Are you injured? He does not wait for my reply. Pentaim! Josiahs hurt. I hear boots running toward me. Two more hands grab me through the bars.
Josiah, her voice with the accent that I love says, and my eyes close in relief. She gently shakes my shoulder, and when I do not open my eyes, she shakes me more firmly. You cannot go to sleep yet. I need you to move away from the bars so we can get the gate open.
I nod and use every ounce of energy that I have left to scoot away from the gate. Light bursts through the lock and Pen and Des push open the gate. They each drop down beside me and Pen begins checking my wound.
You have a knack for getting into precarious positions, she says as she presses a clean cloth against my wound.
You wouldnt like me half as much if I was boring, I say. For the first time since I met her, she smiles. My chest begins to hurt for new reasons. Beautiful is not the right word for what she is when she smiles. The only word to describe it is...sunlight.
Lennox appears through the open gate. Pen says something in their language and Lennox replies. He and Des move back. I look from them to Pen.
Josiah, has your foot ever fallen asleep and tingles when you move it?
I stare at her for a moment wondering if smoke got into her brain from the fire. Yes.
This will feel like that. Dont freak, okay? I slowly nod, and Pen closes her eyes and lays her cupped hands over my wounded shoulder. Calacatemayno shenay faiteabo, she says, and I jerk as those exact tingles rush through my shoulder. I wince, and do not move my body. She pulls her hands back, and the tingles disappear. She meets my eyes. How do you feel?
I wait for the pain that has been in my shoulder since it was stabbed, but it is not there. I look over at it, pull my shirt off my shoulder. My skin is intact. There is no hole where I was stabbed; there is no blood.
We must keep moving, Lennox says and holds down his hand. I grab it, and he pulls me up. Lennox looks around then smiles at me as his large hand claps me on the healed shoulder. It is well, Josiah. You excel. He leads the way toward the stairs, and I look at Pen.
Was anyone hurt in the fire? Lark, Blaze, are they okay?
She looks confused. We fought off the clactures, but there was no fire.
It was a trick. A taunt to get me to fight. Relief causes a shudder to move through me. The others come through the tunnel and Blaze, Fia, and Lark stop before me.
It took you long enough. I was about to become clacture feed, Blaze says.
Have you finally met your match, Blaze?
He scoffs. I took out three of them flying moths on my own I will have you know.
I glance around the cavern and all of the broken stalactites then back at Blaze. Im impressed.
Blaze shoves me and laughs as we walk to the stairs. Pen is standing near the gate to the stairs, and I have a feeling she is waiting for me. Blaze, Fia, and Lark take off running up the stairs with the rest of the vigilantes, leaving Pen and I alone.
Thank you for whatever you did. I feel good as new.
She looks up at me and gives me a half smile. You never need to thank me for helping you. I am your guardian. It is my privilege.
Okay. I stop at the gate and turn to face her. But Ive got to ask, how is it possible that you can heal people with your hands, Lark can run on walls, Blaze can make fire, and Fia can make air from their hands?
Every follower of Abner has certain gifts and abilities. Now that you are with us, you should discover yours soon.
Im not going to sprout wings or become invisible am I? Though invisibility could be cool.
Anything is possible.





8 JUNGLE

At the top of one hundred stairs, I go through the gate and run into Pens back. She, along with everyone else, has stopped and are looking around the layer, either in panic or awe.
Vines, strange looking trees, and jagged rocks are all around us. The air is muggy, like standing in a greenhouse, but it doesnt smell bad. It smells sweet. I push my way to the front of the group and stop beside Lennox who looks bewildered.
The light in this layer is a mixture of orange and gray, and there is no sun. I ask Pentaim about it, and her response is that the sun has not truly shone since Abner was forced into hiding. The sun is a reflection of Abners light, and when he is gone, so is the sun.
There is some kind of temple ahead with huge columns that angle up to a round dome. There are no walls between the columns and the craftsmanship is amazing. The dome is a burnt orange color, and there are designs etched into the stone of the dome. A gate stands between us and the temple. Jagged rocks are on both sides of us, and there are some trees, but they are bare of leaves.
I do not like the look of this, Lennox says. Des, Carsh, Pen, Lark, Blaze, and two others are standing in a half circle around Lennox. We will assess before we move forward. Pentaim, I want you and Lark on that ledge, Lennox points to a jagged rock that looks like a ledge up against one of the tall trees and is high enough above the gate to see what is beyond. Lennox tells the others where he wants them, and he says that he will guard me. We will only move through the gate when Pentaim and Lark give the signal that all is clear.
Everyone breaks apart to move into position, and Lennox and I move behind some large rocks. I watch as Pen and Lark climb the rocks sticking out against the tree. Pen is before Lark, and they are both hunched down as they try to look over the gate.
Do you know where we are? I ask Lennox as I keep my eyes on Pen.
This is Ammanatha, the northern side of Kalamasheek, Lennox says. It was home to Relyanna, a powerful light keeper. Relyanna graced all who came here with Abners favor.
How many light keepers were there?
As many as the layers, Lennox says quietly.
Twenty-four light keepers, and all of them gone except for Lennox and Floriant. Twenty-two innocent lights were extinguished, and for what? So some greedy, power-hungry lunatic could turn the rod into his own evil, twisted torture land.
You should know that the layers will become more difficult the further we get in the realm. Remain observant, for there are always clues in each layer to what you will face in the throne room.
As if the layers are not hard enough, they will only get worse. Great.
A flicker of light comes from the gate. I stare in wary disbelief as three monks in long white robes and holding lit torches come through the gate.
Pentaim is on her belly, aiming the reacher at the monks, but she does not shoot. She glances toward us and waits for Lennox to give her a signal.
Lennox has his eyes trained on the monks, and I want to nudge him, tell him to give Pen the signal. He has to know that those are no ordinary monks. They are apparitions. A few more moments go by, and Lennox still does not give the signal. The monks are just passing beneath the ledge, and Pen has a perfect shot. Lennox does not signal her, so I do nudge him, but he doesnt look at me. The first monk passes the ledge, and I want to curse, but I know I cant; I havent since I arrived in the rod. The first monk is a few feet away from where Lennox and I are hiding. He has to know we are here because its not like Lennox is ducking his large head. The apparition turns toward Lennox and stops. The monk hisses.
All three monks whip off their hoods, and they are nothing but black smoke. The first human-sized, smoke form charges Lennox and swings the torch at us. I duck and stay behind the rock as Lennox deflects the torch and shoots his crossbow straight into the black smoke. The smoke monk disappears completely, but not from the disk, which smashes against a rock. The second smoky form makes a horrible whistling sound and the remaining smoke forms fly back through the gate and out of sight.
My mind keeps repeating not good, not good, not good. As we listen for any sound, everyone is completely still. I raise up enough to look up toward Pen and Lark. My body tenses. A form is moving through the trees above them, and then another, and another. Shadow creatures are moving down the branches. Pen and Lark do not notice them, and Lennox doesnt either. Its me, and Im wracking my brain for an idea. Ive seen movies; I know what happens when you make a sudden move, or when you fire at one, the rest always attack, but I have to do something.
Creatures, I whisper to Lennox, in the trees.
Lennox does not look at me or give any sign that he heard me until I see his finger hover over the trigger of his bow.
We need a plan. If you shoot one, theyll all attack, I tell him.
Lennox jerks up the crossbow and fires. Light bursts in the tree and squeals come from the creatures as they attack. As Pen and Lark turn to look, one hits Pen and both she and it fall backwards off the ledge. Lennox is shooting the creatures that are swarming out of the tree, but thats not good enough. I light up the tavin and pull out the double blades, then climb over the top of the rock and leap off. Pen is trying to fight the creature when I reach her and stab the thing in the back. It turns its head and hisses at me, and I take a horrified step back. It has the face of a possum with huge, white fangs like a snake. I react and shove the tavin blade in further until the thing disintegrates.
Pen is flat on her back, and there are streaks of blood down her face and on her neck that I cannot deal with right now. I hold down my hand, and she takes it. I pull her up, and as we turn someone screams; the sound of someone dying. Pens sharp intake of breath draws my eyes up to where she is looking. Lark! One of those shadowy creatures is on top of her.
I run toward the rocks that form the ledge. I climb as Pen shoots those silver balls from the reacher into the creatures that leap toward me. I have the tavin before me, and as I reach the ledge where Lark is, I stab the creature on her and use the tavin like a shovel to lift the creature in the air and off of Lark.
Pen, I shout, then throw the creature into the air. Pen shoots and the ball strikes it. As I drop to my knees beside Lark, she is crying out in agony that wrenches my chest. She is trying to clutch her leg and her neck at the same time, but she cant touch either. There is blood all over her, and I cant look at her neck without dry heaving. All I can think about is getting her off this ledge and to someone who can help her.
This is going to hurt, but you can hold on to me, I say, then scoop her into my arms before I have a chance to think twice. I run with her down the rocks and leap off, landing on my feet with a screaming Lark in my arms. Des and Blaze are there, and I put Lark gently on the ground. Her back arches as she screams and I know that something terrible is happening to her. Her light is going out. I grab the back of her head and place one hand on her cheek, focusing her eyes on me. Look at me, Lark. Look at me. I yell for Pentaim, and within seconds she is at my side, but Lark is fading out, actually fading color. No, Lark, stay with me, I demand as I give her a little shake. Her eyes roll back in her head then she blinks and tries to focus on my face.
Move, Pen says to me, and I gently lay Lark down.
No. Josiah, Lark whispers my name and her hand reaches out for me.
Never before had I ever felt heartbreak, because I would never let people close enough to hurt me, but Im sure I have felt it now. It is straight from the devil. It feels as if a thousand tiny needles are piercing my heart. I need to help Lark, but there is nothing I can do. I move around her so that I am on her other side and Pen has enough room. Pen lays her hands on Larks leg and neck then starts saying things in their language.
I watch Larks face, holding my breath and saying my own silent prayers for her. Pleading; begging in my thoughts. I dont want to be here without Lark. Shes the brightest light in the whole place. Pen opens her eyes, and I meet her gaze for just a moment. The look she gives me says shes done all she can. Looking down at Lark, I take her hand and hold it against my chest, waiting, hoping it worked.
The longest, worst moment of my life passes as I stare at her. Her eyes blink a few times then she looks up at me and smiles. Relief so strong that I feel sick hits me. I lean my head down and kiss her forehead. Her free hand comes up, and touches my hair like my mom always does when I come home from school. As carefully as I can, I help her to sit up, still holding her hand. Lark is staring at me like I have two heads, and when I look at Pen, her look is much worse. Pen is angry. And suddenly, so am I.
Are you okay? I ask Lark. When she nods I turn and look through the crowd until I find who is responsible. I stand and march straight for him. When I reach him, his back is to me, and he is giving orders for the gate to be checked. I grab his arm and jerk his shoulder so that he is half facing me.
What were you thinking! My voice grows louder with each word, and I end on a shout. You knew what those monks were, and yet you refused to give the signal. You fired into the tree when I warned you not to, and you do not even have the decency to rescue Lark when she is being extinguished.
Josiah, Lark exclaims, but I dont turn toward her, I dont take my eyes from Lennox.
If anyone is to blame, it is you, human boy, Des says, pushing his way through the stunned crowd surrounding me and Lennox. If it were not for you we would be through half the layers already, but we must take the long way, all to protect you. Des looks me over in a way Ive seen bullies do for years. When there is nothing special about you. I turn toward Des, and we are toe to toe. I want to break him; I want to pay him back for all the crap he has given me since I arrived, for all the crap any bully has ever given me.
Youve tried to end me and failed, well, here is your chance to use your own hands, take it, I say, waiting, willing him to take a hit at me. I wont throw the first punch, but you better believe I will throw the last. Des only stares at me as his jaw works back and forth. Whats wrong, Deseronto? Afraid a human will show you up? I lean my head closer and grit out, Good. You should be. Des makes a fist and jerks his arm back. I brace myself to block his fist, and it flies toward me, but it does not hit me. A wall of thick air whooshes between us followed by a line of fire. We both stumble back to keep from being burned. We look down the flames to Pen who is holding the sword up with looks of wrath and contempt on her face.
This does not concern you, Pentaim, Des says, and Pens sword turns on him. He takes a step back but does not cower. He holds her gaze, and she says something in their language. Whatever it is makes Des grimace.
Hot head is right, Pentaim, this does not concern you. Pens sword shifts toward me, and she takes a step. I stay completely still, but every impulse is to step back. She meets my eyes over the flames, but it is not contempt, or even wrath in her eyes. It is disappointment, and that drains the fight out of me real quick. She does not say anything to me, but lowers her sword and the flames go out. She grabs Des by the arm and pulls him away from me.
Lennox, who has been standing off to the side watching, sends people to their posts. Not everyone is absorbed in our spectacle; some of the vigilantes are patrolling the area. Lennox says nothing to me as he and Carsh walk away.
Regret sours my stomach. Regret about what I said, about trying to pick a fight with Des in such a public area when it was not at all the time for that.
Lark is the only one to come up to me, but I dont look at her. I feel like a fool, but what Im most angry and regretful about is the way Pen looked at me; that it was Des she pulled away and not me.
I am going to say this as your friend, Josiah, Lark looks to where Pen and Des are speaking in low and what looks like angry voices to each other. If you are harboring emotions for Pentaim you are doomed for disappointment. There is much between them. Things that no one else can understand. She casts me a look full of pity. They are joined through a bond that can never be severed.




9 MONKS

What does that mean? Is there some kind of weird rod connection between Des and Pen? Are they like engaged or something, because that would be crazy. People our age dont get engaged if theyre smart. There is so much that people my age have not experienced. It would suck to be tied down to one person at this time in my life. I like Pen, despite her hot and cold, and yeah, I would be disappointed if she was with to someone else, but Id get over it. There are lots of girls... okay, maybe not lots, but there are girls back home who like me. Who think Im worth their time. Who am I kidding anyway; this is the Realm of Dreams. No good can come from messing around with a chick from here. Because in the end, I will go home and she will stay here.
Lennox announces that we will camp at the temple, and assigns sentinels to guard the gate, the temple where I am, and into the jungle ahead.
Blaze sits beside me on a broken column and stretches his legs out before him. So, gone crazy on any apparitions lately? he asks.
You know, I thought Id give them the night off. My giving nature and all.
Blaze laughs and leans back to look up at the sky. This sky is different from the seventh layer. There it stayed a green haze, but here the orange has faded but the gray is still covering the sky making it not nearly as dark as a real night sky.
Can you tell me how you defeated the throne keepers? Blaze asks.
Leaning back, I let my thoughts roam over the throne keepers. It was weird. In the seventh layer, I was confused, but when I said exactly what I was going to do, the place crumbled around me. In the caves, that didnt work. The madman was determined to keep me there; kept saying we could never leave. I got fed up and told him that I wasnt stuck and could leave because Floriant doesnt dictate my actions.
Blaze nods. Then, it is obvious what you must do. I thought it would be something like that.
Care to enlighten me?
In the seventh layer, you used clarity when they wanted you confused. In the eighth, you used confidence when he wanted you to despair.
Huh. So then every layer has some kind of emotion that I have to figure out. I wonder what the first six were. I start to ask Blaze, but Pen comes to the fire that a few of the vigilantes have built in the middle of the temple, and she scoops up some of the soup that was cooked for the night meal.
Blaze yawns. Well, Im for rest. See that you two dont extinguish each other before I get up, Id hate to miss that. Blaze walks away as Pen sits on the end of the column and eats from a small bowl.
When I look toward Pen, she is watching me from the corner of her eye. Blazes words to me about Pen, that she is like me, come to mind. I have not had a chance to bring it up to him, and I did not dare ask Pen, but there is something about being almost alone that makes me speak. Pentaim, where are you from?
Her hand stills over her bowl, then she slowly lowers her bowl to the ground and turns on the column. She straddles it with her body facing me. There are at least five feet between us, but her intensity makes it feels like she is much closer.
What do you mean? she asks cautiously.
Blaze mentioned that you were like me when I asked about your age.
She leans forward a little, with her hand resting on the column. She looks like she is ready to pounce on me. Did Blaze tell you where I am from?
No, but you do have an accent that is distinct to a place in my world, I say, watching how her eyes stay trained on mine.
That is ridiculous, she says, but her voice sounds strained. Everyone here has an accent. I am no different.
Its true that her accent isnt as pronounced at all times, mostly when shes angry, but I figured out where its from. Sure. I cannot shake the feeling that she is lying, so I am going to test this. Im glad you arent from there. It totally sucks what happened to New Zealand. There is a flicker of something in her eyes, but only a flicker, so I go in for the kill. It was wiped from the map before I came here, so Im glad you arent from there. She pounces before I have a chance to blink. She knocks me to my back on the column and then she is on top of me. Her knees are squeezing my sides, and she has both my hands above my head. Its totally sexy, in a terrifying kind of way. Her eyes are shimmering. The pale blue has heightened into a medium blue, and she looks completely loco.
What happened? she hisses, her face so close that if I tip up my chin it would be touching hers. Tsunami? Earthquake? Were they bombed? Answer me!
I was right! I was right. Excitement pours into me. Pens from my world. Shes from my flipping world. What is she doing here? The look in her eyes makes me choose my words very carefully.
Would you mind letting me up, Pentaim? She continues to glare at me, holding me in place. I sigh. I know you like me, and have from the moment you first saw me, but this is no time for romance. Her eyes narrow and I quickly add, Dont get me wrong. This is smoking hot and all, but I cant think when youre on top of me. As she gets it, red tinges her pale cheeks. She clears her throat and climbs off me, but she knees me in the gut as she pulls her right leg over me. I grunt as I sit up.
She is in warrior stance with her arms crossed, and her legs spread apart, her boots firmly planted on the ground. Speak, she commands, and I cant help but think that she is sexy in commander mode.
Okay, but first I require a promise from you that you wont react to what Im about to say. Her eyes narrow and she clamps her mouth tight. No promise, no news.
Fine, I promise, no reaction.
New Zealand is still very much where it was. I just said that to get you to tell me the truth.
Her warrior stance falters, and she rubs a hand down her face. She is visibly shaken, and I feel bad for what I said. I didnt know it would scare her like this. She walks over to the column to sit beside me. When she reaches me, her fist flies forward and punches my jaw. I lose my balance on the column and my back slaps against the marble floor.
What was that? You promised.
She looks down at me with one brow edging up. That was not a reaction, it was an emotion.
What? That was so a reaction, I retort as I pick myself up.
No, a reaction would have resulted in your death, an emotion means you still breathe.
Hmm, fair enough.
Why didnt you tell me? My words are spoken soft so that only Pen can hear them.
What would that have accomplished? It was a long time ago.
How long? Why are you here?
She is shaking her head before I get through my questions. There are some things that happen, and you must just leave it at that.
I dont understand why I was chosen if they were going to draw Pen in anyway. Des said they could get through faster without me. Not that what Des says accounts for a whole lot, but no one negated his words.
When you were born, your grandfather spoke a blessing of his people over you. Your light was sparked, and it has been flickering within you, waiting for the time that it would build into a beacon that would call you here.
So, it was my grandfather who got Abner to name me proxy? Thats crazy, Pentaim. Why would Abner want me, a guy from Pittsburgh, PA?
Pentaims lips slowly turn up then a smile forms. Do you know what the motto of Pittsburgh means?
I shake my head. Ive never heard the motto of Pittsburgh. But I dont think it means Here we go, Steelers like my dad told me.
It has been translated many different ways, but they all mount to the same meaning. By divine providence. So you see, your being from Pittsburgh is confirmation that you were meant to be here.
Well, when she puts it like that, I can see it. I still dont understand it, but I am beginning to believe it. There is one thing standing in the way. I am not a leader, Pen.
Without looking at me, she reaches down and places her hand over mine on the column. No one asked you to lead, Josiah. We asked you to help. All of us have a role to play in the vigilantes. You are a part of that.
But this is just a dream, and a bad one at that, I say, but immediately regret my words.
She pulls her hand away from mine and stands. She looks disgusted, or angry. Im not sure when the shadows cover her face. She walks away from me, but then turns and stomps back. She opens her mouth, shuts it, opens it again, then growls and stomps away. I grab my harness and chase her, not letting her get far, but far enough that no one will overhear us. I grab her hand, but she pulls it away.
Pen, stop, talk to me.
She turns on her heel, and I take a step back, but she steps forward until our boots are touching. Dont call me that! I look down into her oval face as she goes on. This is all some kind of joke to you, but this is no joke to me, this is no joke to anyone who puts their light on the line to keep you safe.
This is not a joke to me, I say, then she shoves me. She is right, in a way. This has all beennot a jokea bad dream as I said. I have been thinking about my own discomfort, my own anger, and Ive never stopped to consider what they are going through. They are the ones who lost their families, their leader in a war that they are still fighting. They have a purpose. I dont.
No, it is a bad dream, she throws my words in my face. None of this means anything to you. You are too self absorbed to see the pain that surrounds you, she grabs my hand and holds it like some kind of lifeline, and I do not only mean the vigilantes. You are searching, Josiah. You have been searching for years, but you have not bothered to open your eyes. It is for that reason that you will travel the rest of your days searching. You are blind. She releases me and turns, stomping further into the trees.
Is she right? Have I been blind all these years? No. I know what Ive been searching for, but they have been dead for seventeen years.
Pen, wait up, I call out, running into the jungle. Pen should not be alone; she doesnt have her harness on, and there are still the monks and who knows what else out here. I push through long tree vines, searching for Pen, listening for her footsteps, but I dont hear her. I move faster, panic starting to set in. Then, I hear her scream.
Pen! I run through the vines, shoving them out of the way and pull the tavin out.
I light it up right before I reach a clearing. Everything else fades away. Pen is being held between two monks, their torches lighting the air around them. She is trying to get away. I run forward with tavin before me. I am but a foot away from her when the tavin smacks into something hard and my body follows. I peel my face away and look at the invisible wall before me. Pen is on the other side; I can see her struggling between the two faceless monks. I beat against the wall; I try to stab it with the tavin, nothing happens. Right behind me, I hear a low hiss.
As I look into the glass, I realize with mounting unease that the wall is not invisible. Its a mirror. I cant see myself, only whats behind me, and that is a small army of apparitions. I turn and look at the faceless monks. Two have Pentaim between them, and she is trying to yell, but no sound comes out. She is pulling and pushing, trying to get her arms free, but the monks hold her. Two walk toward me, and when they get two steps before me, I swing. The tavin goes through the first, and then I send it through the second. The monks hiss at me as five more charge me. I swing at them and strike one more before they are upon me. They have arms like humans, and two get me between them while a third twists my hand on the tavin and takes it from me.
He moves to the mirror and lays his hand on it. The mirror shatters, but no glass hits us. We are led forward, and I look over my shoulder at Pen. She mouths something that looks like Im sorry. I give her what I hope is a reassuring smile as we are led away from the clearing into the jungle beyond.
We walk on until the first orange light crests the sky, and then the front monk stops. There are trees all around us, but I can hear something beyond the trees.
Thisss way, the apparition says in a hiss. On the other side of the trees, there is a narrow bridge that has arches every few feet, and beyond that, there is a giant tree like a redwood. All around the bridge is open air. We are led up to the massive tree where a gate has been built into it. The head monk waves his hand and the gate opens. Yellow light spills on us as they lead us forward. I blink a few times as my eyes accustom to the light.
No flipping way!




10 TROWE

The moment we step through the gate in the tree we are in the throne room. The tables, chairs, everything in the throne room is huge. The throne is more of a giant couch. I could lay on it and still have some room. We are shoved to our knees, and I can finally look at Pentaim. I offer her a smile, and she holds out her hand. When I grip her hand, I can feel her shaking. I dont know if Pen has ever faced a throne keeper.
A large door opens to the left of the throne and more monks come through, and then a giant. Pen and I both crane our necks to see his face. He looks like a man, but not. What I mean is that his shirtless chest is at least five feet wide, but his face is that of a middle-aged man with a soul patch goatee, a large nose, and he has long stringy hair. The only other alarming feature is his eyes. They are solid white and they glow. He moves to his throne, and I can see why it is so wide.
He looks down at us and then at his monks. Why have these littles been brought before me? One of the monks pulls a golden ladder from behind the throne and climbs it. He whispers in the giants ear before bowing his way back down.
So, you are Josiah Foreman, and you are Pentaim, the vigilante. I would have thought you to be larger. He looks Pen over the way lechers do, like he wants to devour her before he breaks her. It takes all of my restraint to keep from doing something stupid and charging the giant. Pen squeezes my hand as if she knows what I want to do. I am Trowe, high ruler of this land, and you have been brought before me on treasonous charges.
What charges? I demand. Something hard hits the back of my head, and I jerk forward. I turn around, ready to hit back, but Im met by at least twenty faceless monks, so I turn back around. Trowe is laughing.
You have spirit, little one. That can either get you power or get you extinguished. Trowe leans his arm on the side of the couch and strokes his goatee. You are charged with entering my kingdom without permission, disturbing the vines, and disrespect to me and my followers. How plead you?
Does it matter? Pen asks. You will sentence us the way you want regardless of what we say.
One of the monks starts to hit Pen with the knob of the tavin and my hand shoots out and catches it before it can touch her. The monks hiss at me and I growl in response. Do not touch her. I toss the tavin away, not wanting to push it...yet.
Trowe leans forward. Such a pity that so much spirit is wasted on the insolent. His eyes stay on her for a long moment, before shifting to me. I hold his gaze, refusing to look away. Guilty! Trowe shouts, and the monks begin hissing behind us. Take her to the pit to await their punishment, but leave him.
The monks try to pull us away from each other. I jump up, throwing my elbow into one, but Pen grabs me to stop me from fighting. I will be fine. Her look assures me that she means it.
They lead her toward a door at the end of the throne room. When they are gone, I turn to face Trowe.
How do you like my kingdom, Josiah?
It is, I pause, thinking about the tree possums and the monk apparitions, lively.
That is why I like you. You have wit, you have strength, and you have determination. It is just what I need. I have a proposition to lay before you. I swallow the rising lump in my throat and stand up straighter. I offer you a way to save yourself. I want you to lead my army.
I wonder if there is an asylum in one of the layers that keeps losing its patients. If so, I hope there is a way to skip that layer. Ive had enough crazy to last me five lifetimes. What kind of army? If it is an army of giants they would never listen to me.
Apparitions. I want you to lead my army against the other layers. I want you to extinguish the throne keepers and get me to Floriant. Then, I will do the rest.
If I agree, how much power will I have? I try to appear eager, leaning my head forward. Trowe seems to be a smart giant, but I wont know how smart until he lays his ultimate plan before me.
You will attack the layers and, after I destroy Floriant, you will be second in command. You will have power over all of my followers, and you will be my trusted advisor.
This is an opportunity that could be just what I need. If you want me to lead your army, there is something that I require.
Bartering? What makes you think you have anything worthy to bargain?
I have the power to blast through armies of apparitions with nothing more than a blade. If you want me, you will give me what I want, I say, seeing the hungry desire in Trowes eyes.
Trowe strokes his goatee smiling. Name your terms, little warrior.
I want Pentaim. I want her released to me, and no one is allowed to touch her, I say, holding Trowes gaze to let him know that this is nonnegotiable.
Trowes hand stills on his goatee as he leans back in his chair and chuckles. So, you have feelings for the little warrioress. He says it like its comical.
I dont know what my feelings for Pen are, but they arent funny. I gave you my terms, I say as I cross my arms. It might not be threatening to him, but at the moment, I dont give a flip. Pentaim is not someone that I will allow to be laughed about.
He leans forward suddenly. No. My heart sinks to the floor. It is impossible.
It is very possible. Its easy. You give me the key to wherever she is being kept, and I get her out then I keep her with me. I dont see any impossibility.
Trowe stands, and I lean back. He is a large dude. Pentaim cannot be given to you because she is promised to another.
What the... Who? Dess face runs through my mind.
Floriant, Trowe says calmly.
I want to say all kinds of inappropriate things.
With every new wave of shadows, Floriant demands a sacrifice from every throne keeper. Pentaim will surely afford us an invitation to see Floriant or Mach. This will make the way for us to destroy Floriant and his little followers. Pentaim will be our sacrifice, and you will lead my army.
My insides are churning, and my mind is going a million miles a minute trying to think of a way to rescue Pentaim before its too late. When will she be sacrificed?
Trowes white eyes narrow on me for a moment before he says, The next wave of shadows will happen tonight. Pentaim must be delivered before the orange light fades to gray.
That does not give me much time. Six, maybe seven hours tops. I have to come up with a way to save Pentaim before then. I will not allow her to be a sacrifice to Floriant if it takes me destroying this kingdom with my bare hands.
Trowe tells me to follow him. I keep a few feet between us as I walk behind him to one of four doors that are in the throne room. When he opens it, a blast of air hits me in the face. Trowe steps onto a balcony, and there is a ladder for me to climb to see over the railing. As I climb, I hear screaming in the distance.
No! No, no, no! I take a step back and almost fall off the ladder. I catch myself and glance over the edge again.
When Trowe said he had an army, he was not lying. There are white apparitions like in the last two layers; there are faceless monks, there are clactures, and there are the creatures from the trees. The army is in the middle of attacking dreamers, but not just any dreamers. Women. All women. They are more lucid here than any I have yet seen. The women try running but do not get far. They are knocked down and the apparitions dive in. Trowe is watching and smiling.
How can you allow this to happen? I demand.
Trowe laughs, and if he were not so large, I would punch him and not stop until I had destroyed him. I do not make them come here, they choose that for themselves. And my apparitions must eat. What is more delectable than a morsel as fair as that? Even I indulge occasionally if one captures my fancy. Bile rises in my throat.
Hear me, Trowe shouts, and all of the apparitions stop their attacks to stare up at us. From this day forth let it be known that Josiah Foreman is the commander of my army. You will serve him as you would me. You are now under his command. The apparitions hiss in response and Trowe turns toward me. They will do as you say from this day forth. Trowe ushers me back into the throne room. Now, there are some friends I want you to meet.
Hes insane. And if his friends are like him, I dont want anything to do with them.
Trowe sits in his large throne chair, and a normal sized chair has been placed beside it for me. We are the only two in the room until a door opens and Pen is led into the room. She appears not to have been hurt, and that relieves my mind, for like a second.
Trowe taps on a crystal goblet and the room fills with women. They are dressed in clothes that barely cover them, in every color of the rainbow. Their faces are covered in white paint, their lips bright red, and each one has a small, black dot either beside their lips or their cheekbones. They are not giants, but they are tall.
The women bow before Trowe, all gushing compliments. I look at Pen, who looks disgusted by the display before us. Pen meets my eyes for a moment, and I try to relay the danger to her. Her eyes narrow and I think she may understand. A hand touches my arm and I jump. One of the scantily dressed women is standing beside me. She keeps her hand on my arm, but her gaze focuses on Pen. She hisses at Pen, making it clear that all these women are apparitions. I pull my arm away from her hand, and the other women laugh. Some cackle, some make a shrill sound, and one hiccups. I look over at Trowe, wondering how he can stomach the noise, but his eyes are on one of the cacklers.
Trowe leans toward me. Choose one. He motions toward the women. A few shove the others out of their way to be the first to stand before me.
You know my choice, I tell him, and he blows out a frustrated breath.
Josiah needs some encouragement before he makes his choice. Let us have music and dancing, Trowe orders and musicians appear in the corner of the room. They begin an eerie electronic sounding music, and Trowe leans back in his chair to watch as the women begin to dance.
Trowe motions for Pen to be brought toward him then he dismisses the monks who are guarding her. Is my presence distasteful to you? Trowe asks Pen who has been watching the women and doing nothing to hide her disgust.
It is not your presence that I protest, Pen replies, and all of the women glare at her, making Trowe laugh.
They are the courtesans. We celebrate together with every new wave of shadows.
Enjoy it while you can, buddy.
Tell us, Pentaim, what makes you so special that darling Trowe would allow you in his throne room? One of the women asks. She is dressed in deep purple, and it makes the coffee color of her skin glow.
I can turn things into ash, Pen says, which is the truth. She has done it with her weapons many times.
What things? the pale woman who touched my arm demands.
Anything I want, Pen says in a menacing voice, and all of the women sink back.
Trowes laughter draws attention to himself and away from Pen. I believe that is enough. He motions for the monks and they flank Pen again, leading her toward the door to the pit, but they dont make it. Pen is accosted by three of the women and the monks back away. The women are all taller than Pen, so they keep her between them easily.
Where are you going, little ugly? the pale woman asks in a shrill voice.
Rage consumes me so fast that Im on my feet before I realize.
Away from light suckers like you, Pen retorts.
I feel the air change immediately. Static fills the room.
You think you can speak to us this way, but what are you? She reaches out and plucks at Pens jacket, and one of the others pulls on Pens short hair. Pen stands completely still as they move around her in a circle. You are nothing but an ugly, undesirable light leech.
You dress as a man, you walk as a man, you even smell like a man. The shorter of the three holds her long nose closed in agreement.
I feel energy building within me, energy that wants me to let loose on these disgusting creatures.
Touch me again, and you will not live to regret it, Pen says slowly, looking at them like she doesnt rank their intelligence much above a bean.
Oh, and what will you do, little ugly? Static crackles in the room and Pen looks straight at me. Her eyes widen, but the vicious creature speaks again, drawing Pens attention back to her. Him? He does not want someone like you. Why would he when he can have his pick of us? You are nothing but a waste of light. A disappointment. She leans down until her face is level with Pen. Even your parents did not want you. That is why you are here.
Pens face pales, and Ive never seen her look so sick.
I know thats a lie because how could creatures from here know something like that, but that was a low blow. Pen pushes on the women, trying to break through their prison that theyve built with their bodies. They start shoving her back.
I glance over at Trowe and wish I hadnt. He is otherwise engaged with four of the women. My gaze shifts back to Pen in time to see one of them shove her to the floor.
A ball of white light flashes in the room hitting the pale woman in the chest. She stumbles back, shrieking. Her black hair is sticking up, and there is smoke coming from the ends of it. Light bursts from her chest, and she explodes like the white apparitions do. The others begin to scream, and that draws Trowes attention. When he sees what has happened, he yells for his monks to take Pen to the pit. Pen does not fight them as they grab her and pull her toward the door, but she does look over her shoulder, her expression saying the same thing that I am thinking. Pen didnt throw that light. I did.





11 VOW

The courtesans are shrieking and running around the throne room like a bunch of hens being chased by a fox. Trowe grabs his goblet and hits it with a spoon. The shrieking women disappear and Trowe leans back in his seat, looking a good twenty years older.
The sooner we send her away from here, the better, Trowe says before he stands and walks out of the room, slamming a door behind him. I am left alone in the throne room, and know this is my opportunity to get Pen and get out of here.
I leave the throne room and run down a hall to a steep, spiral staircase. At the bottom of the stairs is a normal sized cell. It has bars like a jail cell and a cot. There is no roof to the ceiling, but the bars go up so high there is no way to climb over the top.
Five of the courtesans are standing on this side of the cell, spitting nasty insults at Pen. Pen is leaning against the wall in her cell, her hands covering her ears, her eyes closed, and she is speaking in her language.
What did you do? The women turn to look at me, but Pen keeps up her song. She is visibly shaking. I turn on the women. Get out! Now! They shriek, moving to the stairs, but the last one has a key in her hand. I take it from her, and she starts to hiss at me. Raising my hand to strike her, she cowers away. Ive never hit a woman, but they arent real women. When they are gone, I try the key in the lock to the cell. It works, and I throw open the door.
Pen is still praying as I grab her hands that are shaking. Her eyes open, and she stares at me a moment before throwing her arms around me, nearly knocking me over. Surprise grabs me.
They tried telling me that you had escaped and left me here, she whispers against my ear.
My shock at being embraced by Pen falls away, and I wrap my arms around her, holding her tight. That will never happen. We are in this together.
Someone claps behind us, and we both turn. Trowe is seated on the stairs, and there is a small unit of monks before him.
Sssee, I sssaid he wasss ussselesss, says one of those little creeps.
Trowe laughs, but it is one of those laughs you know spells doom. I step in front of Pen, trying to shield her from Trowe. What is the meaning of this, Trowe?
You are no longer in a position to ask questions, Josiah. I gave you a chance, but you choose this girl over the power and privilege that I offer. His large eyes narrow on me. Do you deny it?
Is that even a question? Pen moves to my side, never one to let another guard her. I take her hand in mine as I say, I dont deny it. I look at Pen, and she looks back. There is no other choice.
Very well, Trowe replies, and a sharp pain stabs my arm. I hit the cell wall as cold seeps into my shoulder. A creepy faceless monk stabbed me with one of the black glass weapons.
Pen shouts my name as she kicks at the apparitions charging her. Cold sweeps down my arms, my stomach, my legs, then it moves up toward my head. Anxiety sets in, wrapping around me, but there has to be a way to stop this. I feel the cell key in my hand, and I stab it into the monk. He shudders and steps back, his hand leaving the blade in my arm. I pull it out and cough as warmth begins to overtake the cold causing pain to double me over. Light bursts through the dark face, then through his fingertips. He is there and then gone.
The cell slams shut, and Trowe has his large hand at the back of Pens neck, holding her next to him. I go to the door, but its locked, and the key disappeared with the monk.
I see why you fight for her, she is very delectable. Is she not? Trowe asks his monks. They hiss in response and my knuckles turn white as I grip the bars as tight as I can. Perhaps we will have a little fun with the delicious Pentaim before we deliver her to Floriant.
Let her go, Trowe, or I will make your end painful, I promise. His only response is to laugh.
Pen hits him hard in his gut, and he releases her. She runs to the bars and reaches through, laying a hand over my wound. She whispers quick words as she stares into my eyes. My chest feels both hot and cold. My arm is healing, but dread is filling me.
You can do this, she says, and I take her hands as the monks grab her. They pull her away from me, toward the stairs. I reach through the bars trying to get ahold of one of the monks. Think, Josiah, I know you can do this, she yells as she is dragged up the stairs with Trowe following.
I rattle the bars, trying to get them open. When that doesnt work, I jump up, clutching the bars and trying to climb as I yell for Trowe until my voice cracks. My mind is torturing me with thoughts about what is happening to Pen. My breaths are shallow; my arms are shaking, and my heart is trying to explode out of my chest. All I feel is fear, and its choking me. If I dont get out of this cell soon, Im going to lose control, go nuts, break down. I make it halfway to the top of the bars and lose my hold. My feet hit the floor, and I drop, leaning my back against the bars and pressing my forehead against my knees.
My dad once told me that there comes a time in a mans life when he realizes that he does not have all of the answers, when he has to humble himself to ask for help. Well, this is that time. I have no idea how to get out of this cell, how to rescue Pen before they hurt her and sacrifice her to Floriant.
I have an idea how to defeat Trowe, but in the other layers I had to confront the throne keeper face to face to defeat them. Whats going on here reminds me of something that my dad said to me last fall and a sick feeling snakes through my stomach.
My cousin Tony decided it was time that I became a man, so he introduced me to girls that wanted the same things I did. No commitment, no talk about pasts, no questions. My dad got wind of it and called me out about my cavalier way with girls. He told me that not only was I disrespecting them, but I was trying to fill a void in my life with a temporary solution. Even though I didnt think I was being disrespectful since we wanted the same things, I now get what my dad was saying. After meeting Pentaim, temporary solutions are no longer good enough.
Lennox told me that Abner still has power. The thought that he could help me enters my head and wont leave. I get it, I say to the empty cell. I dont know if you can hear me, but if there is the slightest chance you are out there listening, if you get me out of this Ill make things right with everyone. Ill do things right with Pen. I wait, but nothing happens. Leaning my head down, I grip my hair with my hands as disappointment and discouragement try to sink in. I also need to apologize to Lennox. None of what happened to Lark was his fault. It is time that I start playing by the rules instead of making my own.
A small rock the size of a quarter lands on the cot beside me. There is a crack in one of the walls above me, and the crack grows until it stretches from one wall to the other. Cracking sounds echo through the pit, and I walk to the bars. The stairs and walls are breaking, and pieces of stone are falling. The ground begins to shake and the cell door suddenly flies open, slamming against the bars.
Wow! I run through the open door and up the stairs, hopping on solid stones and trying to avoid the cracks. At the top of the stairs, I stop. A monk is standing there with the tavin in his hand.
The tavin is mine, and it is about time that it returns it to its rightful owner. The apparition hisses as it charges toward me. I sidestep him, grabbing the silver knob and twisting it. I pull it out of his grasp, sling it around, and stab him in the back. I dont wait for him to burst into nothing.
In the throne room, Trowe is surrounded by ten apparitions, but I dont see Pentaim. My heart beats spike. She cant already be gone.
Come to save your little friend? You are too late.
Stay calm. Assess. I dont believe you, but even if she is, I will find her. First though, you and I have some unfinished business. I promised you some pain.
Trowe snaps his finger and the apparitions come at me. I stab the first then push him back into the second. The blades of the tavin go through both and I pull the blades out and go after the rest. They hiss as they surround me. The hissing is getting annoying. I focus my mind on the light of the tavin. I picture it expanding from the tavin and striking all eight apparitions. Something in my mind tells me to kneel, so I drop to my knee and raise the tavin above me. The lightning comes from the tavin and electrocutes the apparitions.
A large hand grabs me and throws me across the room. My back hits the far wall, and I fall to the floor.
Son of a fire ball! That hurt.
I push myself up as the floor shakes, but not from an earthquake. Trowe is running toward me. The wind was knocked out of me, so all I can do is hold the tavin out. Trowe knocks it aside. It does not leave my hand and my hand jerks back at him. He grabs my neck and lifts me in the air. I brace myself to be thrown again, but it doesnt happen. I look down at Trowe. Hes not moving.
What have you done? he hisses at me without moving his head.
Ive defeated you, I say and slam the tavin down against Trowes arm. He drops me, and I fall to my knees. Im going to be bruised tomorrow for sure. At least Ill see tomorrow.
Trowes arm turns to stone, but the rest of him is still the same. I guess I need to be more precise. I stand and place the edge of the tavin against his chest. Where is Pentaim?
Trowe cannot move his body, but he can speak. I broke her and sent her to Floriant in pieces. He laughs but his body doesnt move. You are too late.
It is never too late, I say, pushing the tavin blade into Trowe. I pull it out and watch as the rest of him turns into stone.
The floor shakes as Trowe begins to crack. His throne crumbles, the massive chair breaking in half. There, laying on the floor, is a key. Golden, with a picture of the temple on the handle. I pocket the key, and as things crack around me, I run toward the only door I havent been through. I start to push on it, but something stops me. I dont know if it was a sound or my imagination. I wait, and then it happens again, like someone speaking. I try shoving the door; it wont budge. I place the tavin against it and watch it light up like it is cutting through the door. The door crumbles, dust from the stones whooshing up and blocking my view. A form jumps through the dust and arms wrap around my neck. I stumble back, wrapping my arms around her small waist.
I knew you could figure it out, she whispers against my ear, and I hug her tighter.
Not without your faith in me, I tell her, meaning it. Sometime between Drakens throne room and now Ive began to trust Pen, and in my life trust is not something that has ever come easy to me. If Im being honest with myself, what I said to her in the last layer is true. Shes had me since she stepped onto the artery to rescue me. As I set her on her feet, we stand here with our arms locked around each other. For the first time in my life, I know exactly what I want without any doubt. I start to ask her something Ive never asked anyone, ever. Pen...
Yeah? Her eyes are closed, and her face is relaxed. Warmth spreads through me. Pen cares for me. I know it as sure as I know that she feels good in my arms. Holding her is like a euphoria high, without having to do drugs or get drunk. She opens her eyes, leaning her head back.
Before I can form the words that I want to say, she speaks. Thank you for what you said and for coming back for me.
I will always come back for you, Pen. I immediately feel like an idiot, until she smiles. Knots form in my stomach building up to my heart.
I did not know it before, but I do now.
Pen, I clear my throat but honestly Im trying to find my courage, when this is all over I would like to take you out on a date if youd let me. It sounds like a stupid request, but I feel like if I dont ask now I wont get the chance. I may never get the opportunity, but at least shell know what I feel.
She does not say anything for several moments; she only stares at me, then she pulls her arms from my waist. I dont want to let her go, so I wrap my fingers around hers, and she lets me. There is something that you need to know, she says. I smile down at her. She does not return my smile, but she lightly squeezes my hands. There is an intenseness to her eyes that sends foreboding through me. Shes going to turn me down.
She swallows as she glances away. When she looks back, she speaks. I dont know what is ahead of us, or if we will make it out of this alive, but if we do I would love to go on a date with you.
It was not what she was going to say, and she knows that I know. Whatever mystery there is surrounding Pen, I plan on discovering it. For now, Ill accept her response as a step in the right direction.
Releasing one of her hands, I place my finger beneath her chin. Never have I wanted to kiss someone more. But this is Pentaim, my ninja guardian angel. As much as I want to kiss her, she deserves so much more, not that I know what that means, but I do know that I want to do right by her. I will only kiss her if she encourages it. I run my thumb along her lips and then her jaw. She bites her bottom lip, and I see it; shes unsure.
I can wait; I dont want to, but I will, for Pen. I pull her against me slowly, our entwined hands between us. As I kiss her temple, her sigh tells me that I did right.
Someone clears their throat, and we both glance across the throne room. Des is standing there with his sword in one hand and his whip in the other. I see that I am too late. Lennox will be glad to know you both have survived. He clears his throat again and looks away. Pen squeezes my hand and releases it. She walks toward Des, and Larks comments about the bond between Pen and Des comes to mind, but something tells me its one sided.
Where is Lennox? she asks Des.
There is anger burning in his blue eyes. He follows. So, you two seem to be, he stops and appears like he is searching for the right word, trusting. Anyone could have come through this gate.
It was not anyone, I say as I reach Pens side, it was you.
So it was.
Des is not my favorite person, and I know Im not his, but Im tired of the animosity. You and I have each wanted to extinguish the other, and while you have come close, I think its time for us to put those things behind us. I hold out my hand. What do you say, Des? Can we be civilized and fight on the same side instead of each other?
Des stares at my hand as if it will grow fangs and attack him, but slowly the look fades, and he nods. Might as well. Apparitions are much simpler to extinguish. Des shakes my hand.
There is no awkwardness because we go about business as usual in searching for the stairs. Pen is the one who found them when Trowe tossed her in that room. It was never his plan to send Pen alone. He wanted me to break free, to come after them so that he could kill me. He told Pen that it was the only way he could defeat Floriant. Floriant wants me, and he will stop at nothing to get me in his power.
As the rest of the vigilantes arrive, I stay back with Lennox while they run up the stairs.
I apologize for the things I said, I tell him when were the last two in the throne room.
I forgave you the moment you said them. Lennox claps me on the back much like my dad does. Now, what do you say to a little race? Last one to the top has to clean the others weapons.
I fight my smile for just a moment before grinning. Done.







12 OBSTACLES

Standing at the edge of the tenth layer, I want to yell, or curse, something to vent my frustration. We are standing at the entrance to a maze. The walls are a good ten feet tall. There is a guard tower in the center, and bridges rise above the maze walls. At the far end, a palace can be seen, built into the side of a mountain, but the only way to get there is through the maze. The sky above us is a grayish blue, like clouds before a thunderstorm, and the air is cool, bordering on cold. It reminds me of fall in Pennsylvania. We cannot see what is in the maze, but youd be an idiot not to suspect. The maze has to be full of apparitions, among other things.
Lennox, Lark, and Fia are looking over the map while Carsh, Pen, Des, and Blaze are creating strategies to get everyone through the maze.
When Lennox calls for Des, Blaze, and Carsh, Pen is finally alone, so I move to her side before anyone else can distract her. I sit before her, imitating the way she is sitting with her legs crossed. She has been staring at the maze walls for ten minutes. Pen could make a living as a poker player. She can mask any emotions from showing on her face, like she is doing now.
Why cant I curse? I ask.
Pens brows raise before she smiles slightly. I asked the same when I arrived.
What were you told?
You think that you have to swear to get your point across or to express your emotions, when that is all a lie that you have been told. To truly express your emotions, you must first be honest with what you are feeling, then, when you focus, you will find that you can speak your mind clearly. If you still want to curse after that... She shrugs as if its a no-brainer.
That makes sense, I guess. I never thought about why I said what I said. Its just something I do.
Lennox calls for Pentaim. After strapping on my harness and placing extra knives in my belt and harness, I go to where Lennox is assigning partners.
Josiah, you and Des will be going into the maze together.
Oh, this should be loads of fun.
Des is fastening his pack around his waist, when I stand next to him in the line that is forming at the entrance to the maze. You worried yet, human boy?
Should I be?
Des laughs, lightly shoving me. No worries, Josiah. I wont let you get extinguished.
I believe him. Des might be volatile, but he is one of the best fighters Ive seen since arriving here.
We are tenth in line. Lennox wants enough people ahead and behind us to make sure Im protected. There is a certain point on the map that, when a team reaches it, they will send up a light and the next team will go.
Looking at Des, he appears confident, not at all worried, and very, very excited. We are going to be moving swift, so you may want to stretch, he tells me.
Finally, something I know how to do. I sit on the green grass that is the color of that cheap Easter grass people fill their baskets with, and stretch my legs. You arent going to stretch? I ask Des. He smirks at me. Theres the Des I am coming to expect.
I will be fine.
I stand and stretch out my arms. We take our places in the line. The first teams in line are Pentaim and a girl, Blaze and a girl, then Fia and a guy. Their partners all look athletic. I should try to get to know these people, if we have fourteen more layers after this one to get through together.
Lennox gives the signal, and Pen takes off with her partner. Shes quite possibly the strongest warrior here, I know Pen will be fine. Im eager for our turn as we wait for their signal. It doesnt take as long as I thought it would. A white burst of light zings up into the air and Blaze zips into the maze, calling out that the last one to the end of the maze is a light-snatching waylayer.
Isnt the light going to give us away to apparitions? I ask Des.
No. White light is only visible to those who are loyal to Abner.
Another light goes up, and Fia and her partner enter the maze. By the time Des and I move to the opening of the maze, I am clenching and unclenching my sweaty hands as I bounce on the balls of my feet.
Light bursts into the sky and we start into the maze. It becomes clear what Dess gift is. Hes fast. I run track at school, but that is nothing in comparison. Des runs like the wind. Something strange happens to me as I follow him down the first path. Adrenaline courses through me and somehow Im able to keep up with him. Maybe being fast is my gift, too.
We follow the path as it veers to the right, then turns to the left and goes straight for about a hundred yards before we come to the first bridge. This is where Des shoots the light into the sky from one of those light sticks that Lennox used in the tunnels.
Des tells me to get the tavin out; then we run down several paths without seeing anything. We turn a corner and the ground beneath us shoots toward the sky. Des falls off, but I dig my fingers into the dirt and try to hold on, my insides feeling like theyve all dropped to my toes. I grit my teeth so hard they hurt. It lifts me above the ten foot walls, and I glance over the side. A glob of gray flies toward me from the guard tower.
The tavin is attached to my hand, so I use it to deflect the glob that I know will burn my skin if it touches me. The piece of ground lowers me down just as fast as it raised me up.
I roll forward before the ground shoots in the air again, and Des helps me to stand. My head is spinning as I lean against the shrub wall for a minute until Des demands that we move forward. We run under a bridge and down a path that twists like a snake. At a split in the paths, I start down one but Des grabs my arm and pulls me back.
A body-shaking roar comes from behind us. Bear! Des shouts, and we run, me pushing as hard as I can, Des going slow enough that he wont leave me behind. I hear the thing chasing us, and it has got to be huge. The ground shakes beneath my feet. My brain repeats that Im not going to make it out, that what is behind us is going to catch me.
A bridge is ahead of us, and Des makes it up the stairs turning at the top, and pulling out a whip. I hit the first stair and stumble from the speed Im going. I hear it behind me, and I twist around. Its black with bright amber eyes, large teeth and a mouth wide enough to fit my foot, or head.
It growls as it leaps toward me. Fear claws at my chest as I shout, holding the tavin in front of me. This is not how I want to die.
Lightning flashes from Dess whip striking the bears head. The bear lands at my feet and I scramble across the stairs. Its mouth is open revealing its yellow fangs as Des hits it multiple times with his whip. I can feel my body shaking as I stare into the amber eyes of the unmoving bear. I want to stand, to get away from the creature, but I cant make myself move. Des grabs the collar of my jacket and pulls me up.
Do you think its dead? I ask Des as he coils his whip.
Do you want to stick around and find out? he retorts.
As a reply, I start up the stairs and cross the bridge, trying to regain control of my freaked out body and not let Des know how unnerved I am.
Following Des down another path, I push myself even harder, but it is not long before my lungs are burning, and sweat is dripping down my forehead into my eyes.
We hear shouts in the distance, but Des keeps me moving forward. We turn a corner, and there is a wall of black ahead of us. A scream comes from inside the black and Des and I exchange a wary glance. He squares his shoulders and pulls out two fire swords. One he hands to me, and the other he lights up.
Stay here, he says then enters the black. The flames light the way, but the black closes around him as soon as he enters.
Only a few seconds pass before I hear Des shout. Josiah!
Swallowing a lump of fear that is burning my throat, I charge into the darkness holding the tavin and the sword. Flashes of lightning come from the middle of the darkness, and then I see Des. Small creatures that are about two feet tall with large heads and mouths with dozens of tiny fangs are all over him. He snaps his whip while trying to stab them with his sword. There are some wrapped around his head, climbing over the rest of him, biting him. I stumble back, terrified at the sight. Des shouts for my help, and it snaps my terror. I point the tavin toward Des and feel the energy build. The little creatures become aware of it, and start leaping off Des and running toward me. A solid stream of light flows out of the tavin, moving whatever direction I point it until I blast all of the creatures off Des, whose face has scratches all over it and clothes are torn. Des turns and starts slashing at the darkness behind him. I follow and see a girl fighting against more creatures. Shes crying hysterically as she slings her sword around. As Des takes out the creatures, I grab the girl, who is shaking, and pull her forward. We make it a few feet, but I hit something solid and stumble forward.
I know what I just hit, but I wont know who until we get out of the maze from hell and see who is missing.
When we move on out of the black, the girl drops to her knees.
Was that Vic? Des asks, and the girl nods. The body in the black was the guy who ran into the maze right before us.
Josiah! The scream comes from ahead of us, and I start forward, but Des and the girl dont follow.
Did you hear that?
Hear what? Des asks, looking at me like Im a nutter.
I know what I heard and I keep walking. Des says my name, but I ignore him, rounding a shrub wall and halting. The path before me is wide, and there are brown stones floating over a fifty foot long hole, but thats not what has my pulse speeding like a rocket. At the end of the hole, there is a giant red apparition as tall as the shrub walls and before him are two girls. One is on the ground, not moving, and the other is staring straight at me.
My mind tries to shift into freak out mode, but I force myself to remain calm. If I freak out now, Ill never make it to her, and I have to save her.
Glancing down at the stones, there are five rows of them, with a gap between each row. I step up to the edge, and they start moving toward me like on a conveyor belt and my calm starts to waver. Every few seconds a white stone appears, but then it disappears and a different one appears in a different row. I watch for a minute until Im sure of what I have to do. The white stones are the only ones that reach the other end, appearing in a zig zag pattern.
After placing the tavin in my harness, I leap onto a brown stone. It moves me backward until it dumps me on the ground again. I wait for the pattern of white stones to start over. When it does, I leap on the closest brown stone and then to the first white stone. I only have two seconds before the next appears and this one disappears. I leap across to it and start to feel like I can do this.
I try to focus on the stones and not on the red apparition of death or Pentaim. 
I make it across five stone when Pens scream makes me stumble. I lose my footing on the white stone and start falling toward the black hole.
I kick off the white stone as it fades away and one boot hits a brown stone. My arms flail as I try to gain balance on the moving stone. I hop from stone to stone, but they are moving me away from Pen. When I look at her, the apparition has one red hand wrapped around her arm, and shes cringing and writhing.
Anger flares in me, along with determination. I focus on the stones, leaping across to the closest white stone. They are just an inch or two longer and wider than my boots. I hop from one white stone to the next, but when I make it half way across another scream breaks my concentration. I dont stumble, but I miss the next white stone.
Pen is crying, and seeing that breaks a piece of me. I bend my knees, and leap over the next row of stones, landing on the third row where the white stone is. My arms swing as I fight to keep my balance, before hopping to the next. I only have twenty more to go, and Ill make it to the other side. I dont look at Pen because I know as soon as I do, Ill lose my momentum. Whatever terrible thing is happening to her is making her scream through gritted teeth. It is breaking my strong ninja.
After the last stone is touched and I land on the grass, a blast of heat hits my face, nearly knocking me into the black hole behind me. I push myself up, and start throwing knives at the apparitions face, but they dont do any damage at all.
The apparitions face is defined even though its all red. It has a pointed chin, wet looking lips, and its extremely ugly. It throws another blast of heat at me that I dodge. As I hit one of the shrub walls, Pen screams, like Lark did when the tree creatures attacked her, like shes losing her light. I lose all control on my anger. I feel the same static filling the maze path that filled the throne room. Glancing down at my hands, my mind explodes with the impossibility of this.
There are two orange sized plasma balls of light in my hands. They are a white with a blue tint and are connected to my palms by blue light. I raise my hands and throw the light at the apparition. They hit him, but all they manage to do is tick him off. One red hand appears through Pens chest, looking like a spear, and Pen opens her mouth like shes screaming, but no sound comes from her before she drops.
She doesnt move as the apparition removes its hand and throws heat at me. Somewhere, someone is shouting, but I feel like I have cotton in my ears. Rage is the only emotion inside me, and it consumes me. I stare at Pen, feeling the light inside me running down my arms and into my fingertips, creating the light balls in my hands. I throw them at the apparition, dodging his blasts of heat that he throws at me.
Come on, super freak, is that all youve got! I shout as I jump around, throwing light and feeling emptier with each ball that I make.
Something wet is pouring from my nose, and moisture comes from my eyes, but I cant raise my hands to find out if I am bleeding. My arms wont comply with my intentions, and its like I no longer have control over the light or my body.
Josiah, Blaze yells from behind me, before he lands on the grass beside me from the stones. Throw the sol now!
I dont know what sol is, but I guess it is the light, so I release two golf ball sized lights as Blaze throws fireballs. They hit the apparition at the same time then Blaze throws a knife into it. Blaze hits me from behind, knocking me to my stomach as a blast of air covers us like being caught in a windstorm.
As it fades, Blaze rolls off me and I crawl toward Pen. There are no visible injuries, but she doesnt move or open her eyes.
Josiah, the exit. Lets get her out of here, Blaze says. I stand with Pen in my arms and stumble to the side, weak and lightheaded. Des and the girl we rescued land on the ground beside us and Des stomps forward, reaching for Pen. I shove him out of my way with my shoulder and stagger out of the maze to a patch of grass surrounded by stone walls. In one of the walls there is a staircase that rises to the mountain where the palace is. I gently lay Pen on the ground and check for a pulse as Des kneels on her other side.
Is she... he doesnt finish.
No. Shes alive, but that apparition got her good. I dont think she has much time.
A drop of blood falls from me onto Pens jacket. Wiping my nose, my sleeve comes away covered in blood.
More vigilantes exit the maze, Lennox among them, demanding to know what happened.
Josiah made sol, with his hands! Blaze says in his hyper voice.
Lennox, I shout over the voices all talking over each other. He appears at my side. Youve got to heal her.
He touches her neck then her wrist, but his expression is grim. I cannot. Her light is barely flickering. There is nothing I can do.
There has to be something I can do. Im the proxy! I have Abners abilities. Panic and fear are warring within me, but I fight for control. I have to keep calm. Get back! I shout, and everyone backs away. I lay my hands on the place where the apparition pierced her and say the words that she spoke over me in Drakens throne room. Calacatemayno shenay faiteabo.
I repeat the words over and over, keeping my gaze on Pen. My body is going through the tingling like it did before, and my back arches as the pain hits me. As it fades, my energy is back. I feel great, but my only thoughts are for Pen. She doesnt move, and her chest is not rising or falling. She has to live. Staying here without her is not something to consider.
Her eyelashes flutter, and the relief that covers me makes my teeth chatter. I expel a long breath as I lean down and press my lips against her forehead.
Si? she whispers and a relieved laugh puffs from my mouth. She has a nickname for me.
Yeah?
Youre not a piker, she says then smiles and pressure builds behind my eyes.
Glad to see that youve finally caught on.
To? she asks with one brow raising.
My awesomeness.
I would not go that far, she says with both brows shooting up.
Too late, sweetheart. Once youve boarded the awesome train theres no turning back.
Cocky much? she asks, but I can see that shes fighting laughter.
Confident.
Someone clears their throat, and we both look toward Lennox, and most of the vigilantes who are watching us with curious expressions on their faces.
Well, now that you are better we should move forward. Carsh, lead the vigilantes up the stairs please. Carsh moves forward, winking at me and Pen as he passes and leads most of the vigilantes up the stairs. Lennox, Blaze, Fia, Des, and Lark hang back to make sure everyone gets out of the maze. I know of two that wont be leaving that maze though. The girl with Pen was extinguished by the red apparition and the guy in the black fog died from the creatures.
I stand at the edge of the maze beside Lennox, but Im listening to what is being whispered behind me.
Josiah made sol to save you. You know what that means, what he is, Blaze whispers.
Ive always known what he is, Pen replies in a calm voice.
Yeah, but now everyone believes it. Josiah is the proxy!




13 FAMILY

All but two of the vigilantes made it out of the maze, and each group ran into different obstacles including a fire pit and swarms of bugs. When the last of the vigilantes exited the maze, it disappeared. All thats there is a black hole.
Lennox moved the rest of the vigilantes up the stairs, and Pen, Des, Fia and I remained behind to guard the vigilantes while they climbed the steep stone stairs.
Pen and Fia climb the stairs first, and I start to follow, but Des stops me.
She likes you, you know, Des glances toward the stairs, and I follow his gaze.
Pen is standing at the top of the stairs watching us. I had an idea that she liked me while we were in Trowes throne room, but there is something about hearing Des say so that makes me question it. The truth is, I dont trust Des. I have a truce with him, and he saved my life, but I dont trust him. Call it a gut feeling.
Whats your angle, Des? I ask, hearing the suspicion in my voice.
He stops at the stairs and whips around; his brown brows snapped together. He stares at me for a long moment, but just as quick as the look came, it leaves his face, and he grins, then laughs. You think it is because of my feelings for Pentaim that I tried to get you extinguished.
Am I right?
He shrugs. Partially. I was trying to wake you up.
Say what? Des knows that Im the proxy, which proves my conviction that hes two shades past crazy.
I can see that you think Im mental, and Ive never claimed to be otherwise, but you dont know the power you hold.
Im the proxy
Proxy, shmoxy. Im talking about the power you hold over Pentaim. Youre all she would talk about from the moment she heard the prophecy, so forgive me if I was trying to protect her. She knows what it is to fight, but you have the power to destroy her, to destroy us all. Believe me, proxy boy, I will find a way to wake you up before I allow that to happen. Des turns around and heads up the stairs, but he speaks over his shoulder. Say a word to her about this and youll discover what its like to be struck by lightning.
I should be angry at him, at his words, but Im not, because, for Pen, I would have done the same. I follow him up the stairs, and at the top, I pause to look around. The vigilantes are making camp, in a graveyard. We are standing in ruins of what looks like a palace throne room. Above me are beams that arch, but between each beam there is no ceiling left, its open to the gray sky. At the end of the ruins, there is a wide staircase that leads up to a landing; then the stairs continue on the left. I can see the new palace that is higher up in the mountain. There are headstones, crosses, boxes, and stones with curved tops filling the floor of this old throne room.
Blaze and Pen call over Fia and Des and I follow them, but when I get near, Im surrounded by five of the vigilantes including the girl we rescued in the maze. She hugs me, thanking me, and introduces herself as Tallie. Like all the women in the rod, shes beautiful. After shaking hands with each person she introduces, they bombard me with questions about my world. What my favorite hobby is, my favorite food, the different kinds of flowers that grow, and what its like to see the ocean for the first time. I keep my eye on Pen as I answer questions, but other than a smile, I dont get a chance to be near here.
They are playing a game that looks like foursquare that I played in grade school, but this version is much different. There are three balls that float, and the person in the first square hits them in different directions with a small stick that looks like a ping pong paddle. The balls go so fast; I dont know how they see them, let alone hit them. What makes it crazy, is that the balls cant escape the square so the balls zing around nearly hitting the players.
Laughter surrounds the square as Blaze and Fia try to distract Des. Fia hits a ball toward him and slows it with air while Blaze throws a small fireball at Des. He ducks, and it goes over him, burning a few of the hairs that stand on his head. Des hits a ball at Fia, and she misses it. It hits the invisible barrier of the square and bounces off, hitting her back. She stumbles forward and lands on her knees in Pens square. Tallie tells me that if your foot touches someone elses square, that means youre out of the game and a new player takes your place.
Fia is laughing as she drops down beside me on the bright grass. It amazes me how they can still be happy when they are in the middle of a war; have been for years. I guess thats what makes them able to carry on. If they were serious all the time, theyd definitely fall into depression with the prospect of this never ending battle. At least, thats my take on it.
Pen hits a ball at Blaze, and he has to duck. She grins, and Im struck by how gorgeous she is. Are there angels in the rod, Fia?
It has long been foretold that the angels are the guards of Abners layer. They are the ones keeping it sealed against Floriant.
So none of the vigilantes are angels?
Fia laughs like Im crazy or something. Of course not. We are all made of light like the angels, but we do not possess their strength. Lennox once told me that angels are the first warriors, but if you saw one, you would not know that is what you are looking at, unless they want you to know.
So some of the vigilantes could be angels in disguise. Wouldnt that be something. At least I know thats not what Pen is. Glancing at Fia, prepared to ask more questions, shes watching the game commence, but there is a look on her face that surprises me. Like watching someone stare at the person they are in love with. Following her gaze, shes watching Des. Des glances toward her, smiling, and the look that he sends her says the same thing. A coil that feels an awful lot like relief releases in my gut. Des has a thing for Fia, not Pen.
She catches me staring at her and she blushes. Smiling, I nudge her with my arm. So you and Des, huh?
All possible color fades from her face and a terrified look overtakes her.
Oh jeez, big mouth! Im sorry, Fia. Forget I said anything. Ill leave you alone.
No! No, it is all right. To be honest, I am grateful someone knows.
You mean he doesnt? She shakes her head. Are you not allowed to love in the Realm of Dreams? If thats it, then I call a foul, Fia should be able to love whoever she wants.
Abner encourages us to love, for love is another form of spreading light, but there has never been a covenant between a warrior and a navigator.
Then you could be the first. I dont see the problem.
He does notI cannotit is not like that, she says softly while she stares at her hands. Glancing at Des, his eyes are narrowed on Fia. He looks at me with a fierceness, like he is demanding to know what I did to her. I raise one eyebrow, and Des turns his attention back to the game.
I think youre wrong about him, Fia. You should tell him.
She looks mortified, and I smile like I did when I spoke to her in the cave. At least think about it. If I had to bet, Id say Des thinks a girl like you is out of his league. I look at Pen as she hits a ball at Des and it hits him in the chest, knocking him into a different square and out of the game. Her smile makes my body feel too tight. Maybe Des and I have something in common after all.
Fia says she will think about it, and I stand because I see Lark.
I am so thankful that you are well, Lark says as she comes toward me. She pulls me into a hug then releases me but grabs my arms as I stumble back from the force of her embrace. I saw the blood on you when I got out of the maze, but Lennox assured me that you were well. She leads me toward the graveyard.
Where are we?
We are in the ruins of Davinda. It was once a great layer where people could come for all things enjoyable. Games and such.
As I walk through the graveyard, Lark follows me. The stones are in rows with about five feet between each row.  Some of the names are too strange to pronounce, but I read most of them. Glayton, Creeanna, Calatia, Domingly, Balentia, Frilaclee, Marinteba, Relyanna. Each headstone has the same image above the name. A circle with a six point star, and in the center of the star there is a tower with light coming from the top. A light house. All of these stones mark the light keepers. I begin to count them, searching the names. There are twenty-four stones, and at the base of the staircase, there are four blank stones. Lennox and Floriant I know, but who are the other two?
Before I can ask Lark, I see a stone that draws me to it. Davinda. Davinda is not just the name of this layer; Davinda was a light keeper.
What was Davinda like? I ask as I kneel down before the headstone and pull some weeds that have grown around the base.
I toss them aside as Lark begins to speak. She was the quintessence of a light keeper with a soul full of light and a song for anyone who she met.
She sounds like someone else, I say, looking up at Lark.
She smiles sadly. Davinda was my eldest sister.
Lark has never mentioned having any family, and especially not a light keeper as a sister. Makes me wonder about how many family members she has lost. She walks along the rows, but stops before one that says Glayton. I have a feeling from the way that Lark runs her finger over the letters of his name that he was also a sibling of hers.
All of my siblings were light keepers. Glayton was the one closest to me in age, even though he was ten chapters ahead of me. He was my greatest friend. Lark places a bunch of red flowers at the base of Glaytons stone and touches the name again. I take comfort in the knowledge that I shall see them again when I accomplish my calling. My familys lights were extinguished too soon, it is true, but they would not wish me to mourn for them. They would want me to carry on for them; to fulfill my destiny.
How can you be sure that you will see them again? I have never believed in any kind of afterlife. I always thought hell was a scare tactic preachers used to get people to do what they wanted, but after being here, Im not so sure.
I know, because of light. These forms, she pinches her skin, are temporary, but our spirits are made from light, so as long as there is light, we can never truly be extinguished. As long as there is light, I will have faith that I will see my family again.
If what she says is the truth, then, I could see my parents. Pain bursts in my chest as I think about the possibility of meeting them. I mentally force the thought away. I cant let such a thought take control. It would lead to hope, and I cannot allow myself to hope for something that is highly unlikely. Ive always protected myself against hoping for too much. Sure, I had hope to get adopted, and I was, but, I also had hope that I would find my real family, and look where that got me.
There is something that Ive been meaning to tell you, and now seems like the best time, Lark says. Floriant, well, he is my brother.
Whoa, whoa, whoa. What? After a minute of stunned silence, I speak. How do you happen to be fighting with the vigilantes against him? She should be able to help me better understand what I will be up against.
My brothers were my rocks, so when Floriant stole me away from my home, I did not think anything was amissuntil he kept me locked in a house on the first layer while he would disappear for long points of light. I began to see a change in him. He craved power; thought he could wield the shadows the same way Abner wields the light. It was not until after the war that I learned what had happened. He moved us to the sixth layer and wanted me to rule at his side, but I could not. He left me a prisoner of the throne keeper while he moved to the twenty-third layer, and some time later Lennox found me.
I want to destroy Floriant even more. Lark is the nicest person that I have met since I have been in the Realm of Dreams. Anyone who could treat her like that deserves the worst possible death.
Lark gathers flowers and lays them at the base of each stone. When we reach the four that are blank, Lark places flowers at each one of those as well. Lark is so good that I know she still loves Floriant no matter what he has done. Ive never had siblings, but I have Tony. Tony may make me so angry that I want to beat some sense into him, but were cousins no matter what. I imagine it is the same way with siblings. No matter what they do, a part of you will always care about them.
I lost my parents the week I was born, I say, almost inaudibly, but Lark heard me, and tears fall from her eyes.
Seeing someone other than my mom cry for me instead of because of me is a new experience.
How terrible.
I shrug, uncomfortable with Lark crying. I never knew them. I was adopted when I was eleven, and they became my parents.
No siblings? she asks.
Nope.
I will be your sister, Josiah, Lark whispers.
Her pained expression makes me look away, unable to meet her eyes. I dont need your pity, Lark. I dont even know why I told you about them.
She takes my hand, and I dont pull away. Look around you and tell me what you see.
The only things around us are the ruins, the graves of the light keepers, and the vigilantes. Beyond the headstones, Blaze and Fia are taking on Des and Pen in a target contest. They are seeing who can hit the target the most times. There are several others gathered around to watch. Everyone is laughing or smiling at Blaze and Fias antics as they try to distract Des.
I see the vigilantes.
You see a family, and you are one of us. Since you are adopted, you should know this better than anyone that you do not have to be the same to be family. We all have something greater than blood binding us. She releases my hand but smiles at me. We have light.
Ive never thought about it that way. Tim and Rita have been my parents from the moment the papers were signed, and I never questioned it, because they taught me that blood doesnt make a family.
She nods as if her words settled everything. Now cheer up. I cannot have a brother who is a gloomy, gray light.
Lennox, Carsh, and a few of the larger men come down the stairs, and when they join the rest of us, Lennox makes an announcement.
We have hope! We have sent a message to the throne keeper, requesting that he grant us an audience.
I am stunned into silence. In the previous three layers, they have never tried to go with me to see the throne keeper. I dont know if they would have gone with me into Trowes throne room, but Lennox answers that for me when I get to speak to him alone.
After the injuries that you have sustained, we believe it the wisest course to gain entry with you instead of sending you in alone.
Im relieved. If they are with me, Im sure we can defeat the throne keeper faster. Having Pen with me in the last layer was what propelled me forward.
Walk with me, Josiah, Lennox says. We walk up the stairs and along the upper path that looks like it was once a large hall, but the walls are gone. I wanted to talk to you about what you did in the maze; making sol form in your hands.
I remember hearing Blaze say something about me making sol, so I ask Lennox what it is.
It means sphere of light, but in your world, it also means the fifth note in a major musical scale. Lennox stops beside a stone arch that overlooks the black hole down below. You may find some of the vigilantes a little wary of you for a time. They have only ever seen the light keepers make sol, so it has come as a surprise to us that you can harness that kind of light, when you are you.
A human? I ask.
Yes. All of the vigilantes are gifted, but none of them can make light. The closest is Des with his lightning, but that comes from his whip. But, now that you have discovered your ability, I would like to help you. To teach you how to harness the light without it draining you.
Lennox begins by explaining to me what I did wrong. He knew how I harnessed the light by visualizing something in my mind or by accessing the light that was inside me then sending it down my arms and into my hands. He says we should never do it that way. We never want to give away our own light, because once it is extinguished, so are we. That is what happened to you. What is even more interesting is that when you healed Pentaim, you also recharged your own light.
Lennox has me hold my hands out, palms up, and to close my eyes. He tells me to visualize the light all around me, but not to feel my own light. Pull on the light that you know covers this layer, feel it enter through your fingertips, travel down your fingers and explode through your palms. It will not hurt.
I focus on the gray and blue light that I have seen in this layer, I imagine it coming toward me, entering through my fingertips, down my fingers, and through my palms. My fingers tingle, but it doesnt hurt. It feels a little like static.
Now, open your eyes, Lennox says from behind me.
Two melon sized balls of bluish light are floating just above my palms with the same color light connecting them to my hands. I did it! I did it, and I dont feel the least bit drained. I feel energized. Lennox has me choose two arches to release my sol through. I pick two diamond shaped arches that look over the black hole where the maze was and raise my palms. I pull them back where they are level with my shoulders and throw them forward, releasing the light. They soar through the arches and keep climbing until they hit each other and explode in the sky like blue fireworks.
A trumpet sounds from the palace, making me jump. Lennox smiles as he moves forward quickly. A group of guards have come through the gate that leads up the mountain. One of them sees Lennox and shouts, raising his hand in greeting. When Lennox reaches him, they hug, slapping each other on the back. As they release each other, Lennox leads him toward me.
Josiah, I want you to meet a friend. Nikolai, the throne keeper of this realm, and, as you would say in your world, my brother-in-law.




14 POWER

Why is it that when we have things worked out in our minds, something comes along to throw a wrench in our plans? Id say that Lennoxs brother-in-law being a throne keeper that Im supposed to extinguish is a big wrench.
Nikolai and his guards lead the vigilantes up the mountain to his palace that is made of white marble. I dont like the guy, and its not just because hes been gawking at Pen since he met her; hes too polite.
The other thing that causes me foreboding is that he and Des know each other well. Their reunion was the same as he and Lennox. It turns out that Nikolai was the lead warrior on the layer that Des lived on before the war.
When we enter the palace, we are led into a huge foyer that could fit a few three story buildings. Nikolai is leading us toward the throne room, when a womans voice calls out to Lennox. He sees her, exclaims in a loud whoop, and runs toward her, scooping her up and holding her close for a moment. When he releases her, I get a good look at her and my jaw drops. She is not only stunning, but shes not Latino like Lennox. Her skin is the color of hot chocolate. When she sees me, she gives me the kindest smile Ive ever seen.
Lennox leads her toward me and after he introduces her as his sister, Leora, she clasps my hand. Josiah, I have been awaiting this day for many a long chapters. You are welcome in my home.
She greets many of the vigilantes by name, before hugging Lark and walking arm in arm with her into the throne room thats larger than any of the others have been, and much more elegant. Reds and golds cover the room, and even the throne is gold. Nikolai announces that he and his bride will be hosting a banquet when the shadows fall, in our honor. He and Leora split the vigilantes, the women going with Leora and the men with him.
The room he shows us next is filled with game tables. Several pool tables, chess tables, backgammon, and some other games that I dont recognize. The vigilantes remove their harnesses and move to different tables. Des and I take on Blaze and a guy named Trip in a game of pool. When one of us takes our turn, the other watches Blaze to make sure he doesnt cheat.
I dont cheat, says Blaze emphatically. Can I help it that others are easily distracted?
Halfway through the game, I glance toward the door and halt over the shot Im about to take. Our harnesses are gone. All of them. I hand my cue to one of the guys watching the game and walk out of the game room, a bad feeling settling in my stomach.
A door on the other side of the throne room is sitting ajar, and when I reach it, I hear Nikolais voice.
He has great plans for your little friends, Lennox. The girl is not as important, but him, you may be sure that he would pay well to get him in his power.
Is that a threat, Nik? Lennoxs voice sounds closer to the door than Nikolais.
Nikolai laughs, but even his laugh sounds untrustworthy. We have been friends since you were light keeper of the twenty-third layer and I was the head warrior. Have I ever given you reason to distrust me?
There is silence for a few moments. I rest my head against the wall as I wait for the response. Lennox was light keeper of Floriants layer. Coincidence? I doubt it. I also doubt that it is coincidence that the warrior from that layer is now a throne keeper.
You have done well acquiring information against Floriant, but I do not trust this pact that you have made. He is not to be trusted.
Bah! He has no power of his own. His power comes from those who follow him. They are the real leaders. He would be nothing without them, Nikolai exclaims.
You have changed, Nik, Lennox replies.
Says the soldier. Have you even used your light since the war?
No, and I do not want to start now.
Well, Ive said my piece. You know where I stand.
I move away from the door and duck into the nearest hallway. The click of boots against the stone floor sound as Nikolai walks away alone. As I step out of the hallway, Lennox waves me into the room.
How is it possible that a throne keeper for Floriant is also a follower of Abner? I ask as soon as the door is closed.
When we knew that we were going to lose the war, it was agreed that Nikolai join Floriants side to spy for us. He secured this position, and has been doing all he can to further our goal.
So I dont have to kill him?
Lennoxs jaw works back and forth, but I dont see a reason for tact when it comes to the throne keepers. No. If it comes to that I will take care of him myself, Lennox says.
I think hes playing us, I say with conviction. I dont know what Nikolais angle is, but there is definitely something off about him.
You can trust Nikolai, Josiah, he is on our side, he assures me.
You should know then that your trusted friend and brother stole our weapons. One minute they were in the game room, and the next they were gone.
Lennox stomps toward the door. I will discover the truth. Lennox goes out, and I follow him to the foyer. A servant directs me on how to find Pentaim. Each of the girls were given a bedroom, but when I reach the hall that leads to Pens room, I jump out of sight. Glancing around the corner, Nikolai is entering Pens room.
I dont want to jump to conclusions, but something tells me that she didnt ask to meet with him. I move down the hall to Pens door. It is ajar, and as I look in, Nikolai is alone in Pens room, going through her harness, searching her weapons.
Voices down the hall make me move away from the door. I hear Pens door click shut before Blaze and Des come around the corner, heading for the room that has been assigned to Blaze. Pen, Lark, and Fia are waiting for us as we enter.
Blazes bedroom is the size of my parents entire apartment. Pen and Lark are sitting on a bed that is definitely the centerpiece of the room while Fia is leaning against one of the tree trunk sized bedposts.
We should play a game, Blaze announces as soon as the door shuts behind us. Whos up for a game of power or pleasure?
As Fia groans, Lark laughs, and Des grins, but Pen looks uncomfortable. Once Im seated beside Pen on the bed, Blaze explains the game to me which is basically truth or dare. Power is truth because there is power in words, and dare is pleasure because you get pleasure out of watching others do random stuff. He goes first, sending the first question to me. I choose power and Blaze looks disappointed.
What were you thinking about when you made sol in the maze?
I force myself to look straight ahead. Pentaim.
Lark elbows Pen and Fia grins down at her feet. Its my turn, and I direct my question to Lark. Why are you a navigator and not a light keeper?
Her smile fades and I feel like a jerk for asking. I start to ask a different question, but she answers first.
After what happened to my siblings I did not want the temptation that comes with guarding Abners light. I would rather guide his people in the way to go. Lark smiles at me, but turns on the bed to face Pen. Power or pleasure?
Power, Pen replies in a voice that sounds like shes resigned to her fate.
Why do you call Josiah, Si?
My brows shoot up as I lean against the headboard, turning my head to watch Pen. She glares at Lark. You know the answer to that.
I do, Lark says, but he does not.
Pen rolls her eyes as she sighs. She kicks out one of her boots and crosses her arms. Because when he arrived you said that I sigh when I look at him and the name stuck.
Blaze buries his face in the corner of the couch hes sitting on, but his loud laughter fills the room. Fia, Lark, and Pen throw pillows at his head. I start grinning like an idiot, and I dont care. Pen wont look at me as she directs her question to Blaze, her voice promising retribution for his laughter. He surprises everyone by choosing power.
Why did you try to put fire in the everlasting light chalice?
Des barks out a laugh and Fia covers her mouth with a pillow but her amusement shows in her eyes. Even Lark is laughing.
Blaze grins. I was trying to prove that fire is stronger than light. I nearly extinguished myself when the light blasted my fire, and again when I found myself surrounded by light keepers.
I have no idea what they are talking about, so Fia fills me in. The everlasting light chalice is the trophy for the winning team of the Solz games, which are like the Olympics for the Realm of Dreams. The chalice holds a piece of Abners light. Blaze stole the chalice during the final game and tried to put fire in with Abners light. The result was Abners light blew the fire from the chalice, burning off Blazes eyebrows and a row of his hair. When he climbed out from beneath the stands, ten of the light keepers were waiting for him.
One good thing came from my actions though. I got to meet Abner, Blaze says in awe, leaning his head back and staring at the ceiling. He sits up suddenly, rubbing his hands together and says Dess name. Des chooses power and Blaze scowls. Fine. When are you and my sister he gets nothing else out as a knife flies over his head and a blast of air hits him, knocking over the couch.
Touchy subject, I whisper to Pen.
You have no idea, she replies just as quietly.
Her hand is on the bed between us and without looking at her, I place mine over it, tracing her fingers with mine. Her hand twitches, but she doesnt pull away. We go a few more rounds and I make the mistake of choosing pleasure. Blaze dares me to borrow Nikolais ceremonial sword at the feast tonight. Now I know why no one will choose pleasure. If I dont do it, I have to do any crazy thing that Blaze comes up with which he assures me will be epic.
I direct my next question to Pen. She chooses power, so I ask her why she is in the rod.
She stares at our clasped hands as she replies. Im in a long sleep.
A long sleep? A long sleep. Just like that she shatters any hope I have of seeing her in our world. Shes in a coma.
Why havent you woken up? Are you on a machine? I blow out a frustrated sigh. Ill shut up now.
About time, Des says as he scowls at me.
Pen laughs and the sound slays me. Part relief, part discomfort, and totally sexy. I stare at her because I cant take my eyes away. Im even afraid to blink, because, if shes as bad off as it sounds, she could be gone any time, and there will be no chance of seeing her again.
What year was it when you were pulled here? she asks as she turns her face toward me.
2030.
She slowly nods. Ive been on a machine and here for two years then, she says softly.
Two whole years? I dont know how thats possible, how someone could stay in a dream for two years.
Since time is different here, two years in our world are the equivalent of twenty solstices, or years here. Strain and sadness fall over the room.
My heart feels like it has dropped to my stomach. It has taken the vigilantes twenty years to get through six layers? I dont know why they have gone so much faster since I arrived, but weve already made it through three, and Ive only been here two weeks, or fourteen falling shadows. When looking at it by time, it is not long at all, but in experiences it feels like a lifetime.
Well you two certainly know how to kill the fun, Blaze says, and Pen and I look away from each other. I had forgotten that we were not alone.
Someone knocks on the door, and when Des opens it, Nikolai is there with his fake smile on his face. And what are you vigilantes up to in here?
Playing power or pleasure, though none of them are any fun. They keep choosing power, Blaze tells him.
Vigilantes after my own heart. I, too, only ever choose power.
Poor Leora, I whisper. Pen bites on her lip trying and failing not to laugh. She begins to cough and I pat on her back.
Nikolais eyes narrow on us as he tells the girls that Leora is looking for them. When they are gone he tells us to choose something to wear to the banquet from the closet. The only clothes in there are tunics and leggings, but there is a wall full of ceremonial weapons and he tells us to choose what we like. Des and Blaze are laughing as they pull out clothes, but Nikolai pulls an ivory and gold tunic from the closet and hands it to me. Blaze chooses a red one and Des chooses black. As we change, I decide to keep on my cargos. You could not pay me to wear leggings.
Lennox tells me that you can make sol. If you were from here, you would have been a light keeper. But you are not from here and yet you can still make sol. Why do you think that is? Nikolai says to me as Blaze and Des choose weapons from the wall.
I guess its because Abner wanted me to.
Lennox also tells me that you have feelings for Pentaim.
How does Lennox know that, and why is he blabbing it to a throne keeper? Lennox tells me that youve made a pact with Floriant. Care to share about that? When his eyes narrow I grin. Didnt think so.
I know who I can trust. Can you say the same? He asks me as he hands me a dagger with a jeweled hilt. Take Pentaim, how much do you know about her? Enough to trust her?
I step in front of him, blocking his path. Stay away from Pentaim.
He smiles. Afraid to hear the truth, are you, proxy?
The truth that you sneak into girls bedrooms uninvited? No, I already know all about that, but if you go anywhere near Pentaim youll find out exactly what this proxy can do.
His laughter draws Des and Blazes attention. Nikolai leans toward me. I could be your greatest ally.
Or my greatest enemy? That is what usually comes next in these macho thinly veiled threats, isnt it? And then youll tell me that Im your prisoner, and I can never leave. Yeah, Ive heard it all before.
Nikolai smiles, but steps back. I am not your enemy, and you are not my prisoner. You may leave any time you choose. Just remember, the prophecy about you was only clear on one thing. The one who controls the proxy controls the fate. If I were you, I would think very hard about who I trust. He backs toward the door, still grinning. See you at the feast, boys.
I dont like him, I say as soon as the door closes.
I believe the feeling is mutual, Des tells me as he straps his belt on and sheathes a sword.
And I dont like these clothes. What is this, dinner theater?
Ooohh, I wonder if it will be a murder mystery, Blaze says, and Des rolls his eyes.
As we walk toward the door, I realize that our black clothes are gone. Nikolai strikes again.
When are you going to tell her? Des asks me over his shoulder.
Tell who, what? I ask cautiously. If he thinks Im telling Pen that Nikolai snuck into her room, hes lost his mind. The last thing she needs is more to deal with.
Pentaim, that you love her. Like birds and sunsets and flowers, and all that other sappy love stuff.
Did he seriously just ask me that? Probably the same time you tell Fia, I say and Des stops cold in the act of reaching for the door knob. His shoulders are hunched over like someone trying to keep control on their anger. Before I open my mouth again, a knife flies past my cheek, nearly grazing my skin. I look over my shoulder, and the entire blade is buried in the wall. I turn back to Des as he opens the door.
Not a word on that if you value your life. He slams the door shut.
Temperamental, Blaze says, shaking his head.





15 CHOICES


Lennox and Nikolai walk side by side, and I follow behind as the throne room doors are opened and trumpets herald our arrival. All of the vigilantes are assembled along with some of Nikolais people, and instantly I seek out Pen among the crowd. She is not hard to find. Her dress is the color of her eyes and she looks like a princess of some far away royal court. As my eyes take her in slowly, I wait for the pressure to build in my chest that has been hitting me more frequently since Trowes layer. Im afraid of what these feelings might mean. Any time I had these feelings in the past, Id end things and move on to someone else. I never wanted these feelings, but things are different with Pen. She is as near to perfect as any woman can be. At least to me.
Nikolai blocks her from my view as he takes her hand, and after kissing it, leads her toward the long table.
Lennox pulls me aside. You were correct about Nikolai. He has taken all of the weapons except those belonging to Lark, Pentaim, and me. I do not know what he is planning, but be on your guard.
Nikolai sits at the head of the table with Pentaim on one side and Leora on the other. I am placed between Leora and Fia so I have a good view of Pen and Nikolai. Crystal water goblets line the table, silver wine glasses, gold plates, gold flatware, and vases of flowers every fourth person. Food arrives by servants, one for all fifty guests.
I watch Nikolai out of the corner of my eye as I listen to the things that Fia or Leora say to me. Leora appears to be a truly genuine person. I dont know how she ended up with a slimeball like Nikolai. We are only seated ten minutes when the throne room doors fly open and bang against the walls causing the floor and the table to shake.
Son of a waylayer...
On the threshold stands an army of apparitions. They are the evil white ones with the hollow eyes, and there are not a few, there are hundreds. Nikolai is up and moving toward them. He draws out a sword and when he reaches them he turns.
I do apologize for this intrusion, Lennox, Leora, but they will only be here momentarily. He looks at me from across the room and smiles. Once they have Josiah, they will leave.
No! Leora startles me by shouting.
I am sorry, my dear, but it cannot be otherwise, Nikolai says, and then stands aside, holding his arm out in a welcoming gesture for the apparitions to enter.
They hover as they move toward me, and I search in my mind for a plan. They do not make it half the length of the table. A knife soars down the table and lodges in the chest of one of the first.
You will not take him, Pentaim says in a voice that could match Dess boom.
The apparitions begin screeching as the one that Pen hit disappears. All across the table people are pulling weapons from where they are hidden within the folds of their clothing. As the two large doors close, the battle begins.
Lennox puts his body between me and the fight as he wards off apparitions with a knife and a sword. Des pulls out his whip, that he must have been hiding, and lightning strikes as he cracks it across a group of ten apparitions. I jump up on my chair and throw my dagger, sending it flying into an apparition that has its wispy hand in one of the vigilantes. Nothing happens. Glancing around the room, I see the same thing everywhere I look. The weapons that the vigilantes were given to wear are not blessed by Abner. They do not work against the apparitions. A hand grabs my wrist and pulls me from the chair.
Are you trying to get yourself killed? Pen demands over the roar of apparitions and weapons and screams.
I only hear her because she is so close to me. She points toward the throne and a door behind it. We run toward it, fighting any apparitions that try to chase us. I make it behind the chair and try the door, but its locked. Turning, Im caught up by the gruesome sight.
All across the room the vigilantes are fighting. Some are already gone, laying on the floor, some are being tortured, some are screaming, or they are silently shaking. I see Blaze, but he is not making fireballs, he is trying to fight against a group that are surrounding one of the vigilantes. One of the apparitions gets a knife in the back and when it disappears I see who is laid out on the floor. Fia.
I feel the light starting inside me, but I force myself to stop. I cannot allow myself to lose my light. Instead, I take Pens knife, jump up on the seat of the throne, and focus on the apparitions surrounding Fia. Sixteen. I breathe in, narrow my eyes on the group, breathe out, and throw the knife with all the force I have. The knife hits one of the apparitions and as it explodes, the light strikes the others around it.
Blaze gets Fia up, but there is no place to hide her. He is already being chased as he runs toward the closed doors.
I catch sight of Nikolai. He is fighting with us, not against us, and it hits me what he is. The maze, our weapons and clothes disappearing, our conversation. Hes misdirection. Thats got to be it. One minute hes against us and the next hes with us, and we wont know the truth until the end.
Everywhere I look, the vigilantes are being defeated. There are too many apparitions. At least ten for every one vigilante. Horror is trying to settle in my chest, but I cannot allow it to overcome me, or I will lose everything. There is a sword leaning against the throne and I remember my dare. As I pick it up and unsheathe it, there is a small emblem on the hilt, a flame. Excitement takes root and I hit the emblem. The flames engulf the blade as I run toward Pen and strike down two apparitions that are reaching for her. She stabs the final one around her then looks at me. Sweat is beaded across her forehead and there is a scratch down her left cheek, otherwise she is unharmed.
You take right, I take left, I say to her without giving her a chance to speak.
The room is a mixture of white and all the colors of the rainbow as vigilantes fight against apparitions. I stab through two and see Blaze and Fia fighting back to back, but there are too many apparitions surrounding them.
As I take a step toward them, fire spreads through my chest and I drop to my knees, shouting in pain. My back arches, trying to get away from the two apparitions that have their shadowy hands in me. Screams surround me, not my own. Through the fire and the pain, I see vigilantes down all around me. There are a few still fighting, but more have been defeated. I search for Pen as I close my teeth against the moan in my throat. I dont see her, but I do see Lennox, Leora, and Lark. They are each against the far wall, about twelve feet off the ground. Their eyes are closed and I know that they are being tormented even though they are not crying out like most of the rest of us.
Another surge of pain rips through me, and I shout, which makes the fire more intense. A cry comes from across the room, and a pain not at all from the apparitions tears through my heart, because the sound came from Lark.
Whatever they are doing to her is too horrible for words. A loud groan comes from Lennox, and suddenly the pain from the apparitions is nothing. Not compared to what is happening to Lennox and Leora, Lark and Pen. I look for her again, but I still cant see her.
Si, she shouts, and I can hear the agony in her voice, fight!
Anger, grief, fear, and determination all build inside me until I am a whirlwind of emotions. I feel the sol building, but I cant stop it. I cant pull it from outside me because that would mean breaking my state of emotions and trying to ignore the pain long enough to regain the will to fight. I allow it to build from within me, and then it forms in my palms, the size of golf balls. I throw my hands back and slam the sol into the white faces of the apparitions. I feel their wispy bodies as the light releases inside them. I pull my hands away and know when they are gone because the pain in my chest lessens tremendously.
I run across the room, throwing sol against any apparitions that try to get in my way. I know I should get Lennox and Leora, but I cant stop my feet from running to Pen first. It is with pleasure that I build up the sol and send it into the twenty apparitions that it is taking to keep her down. I always knew she was strong, but that she needs so many to hold her impresses me to no end. I dont wait for them to disappear as I reach down and grab her hand.
She coughs, holding her chest. There is pain written in the lines around her mouth and she looks at me like she does not have the strength to go on with the fight. Her shoulders are hunched forward as she guards her chest with her arm. I feel an apparition behind me, and do not even think as the sol forms in my hand and I throw it into the nasty creature. I kneel down beside Pen and cover her hand with both of mine.
I need you, Pen. I cant do this without you. Help me finish this. I wait, feeling the pressure build in my chest, my throat because the truth of my words hits me like a strike of wind from Fias anger.
Pen takes my hand. Together, she says, and I help her to her feet.
She stumbles forward, but Im there to keep her upright. She cries out against the chaos and terror happening around us, but I keep her moving toward the wall where Lennox, Leora, and Lark are. It has only been about three minutes since I broke free from my captors, but it feels like a lifetime. I step in front of Pen and wrap her arms around me, which is a good thing because she is having trouble standing without support. I bring in light from all around me this time instead of using my own, and send it into the apparitions holding Lennox, Leora, and Lark. I did not think this through very well, because when the apparitions are gone, all three fall.
Something flashes past me and I turn ready to blast it with sol, but it is Nikolai. He races forward and catches all three, breaking their falls with his own body. Lennox is up in an instant, but the other two take more time.
The moans and screams around the room are growing. We have only minutes before the lights of the vigilantes all over the room go out. I grab for Lark, but Lennox lifts her up.
Lennox looks down at me. Together.
I let go of a deep breath and nod. Together, each supporting those we love, we run to the banquet table. I push Pen into a chair then take her hand. Lennox keeps Lark in his arms, but I grab Larks other hand then Lennox takes Pens, and together Lennox and I build the sol. Nikolai and his layer were all about misdirection and distrust and the way to battle that is with knowledge and trust and confidence in the people you surround yourself with. I trust Lennox, Lark, and Pen and together we will defeat this layer.
Lennox is murmuring words in his language. I dont say anything, but I think of every person in this room who has fought to keep me alive. The sol does not form in our palms and I think its not working, until I look up. Its above our heads, as large as a beach ball. It is a mixture of blue, orange, red, and green. We release the light and it breaks into rays that fly out, smacking every apparition in the chest and sending them flying back from the vigilantes. Then they begin to make popping sounds just like popcorn heated over a fire.
The force is so strong that it shakes the foundation of the throne room, and then a piece of the ceiling falls, straight onto the throne chair. The throne breaks apart and the doors slide open revealing the stairs.
We must get everyone out, Lennox says to me and I agree.
The vigilantes are getting up on their own, except those we were not in time to save. Lennox and I go through the crowd, yelling for them to help each other to the stairs. Des, Blaze, Fia, Tallie, and Carsh are all still with us. They help others to the stairs as I make my way around the room, searching the faces of those gone. As I turn toward the stairs, I hear someone gasping. I walk toward the sound that leads me to Nikolai. He is still against the wall where he caught Lennox and the others. There is blood on the floor around him and he is holding his hands against his gut where there is a stab wound. Leora is kneeling beside him whispering to him as her fingers brush across his forehead.
I regret my duplicity, Leora. He coughs and his wound releases more blood. I regret so much. Leoras crying, though no sound comes from her. Nikolai sputters, reaches out, and takes her hand. Forgive me, my heart. Forgive me. He sees me standing near them, and he beckons me over with one finger. He tries to reach into his pocket, but cant, so Leora does it for him. She brings out a black key that has gold wings on the handle. Take.
His hands fall to his sides, and I know that hes gone. Leora closes his eyes and rises. The hem of her gown is covered in blood as she turns to me. I dont know her at all, but she is Lennoxs sister, and she needs my help. I hold my hand out to her and she takes it as more pieces of the ceiling fall around us.
This layer has definitely been a layer of revelations. That I can trust these people who would give their life to protect me. That they have faith in me, and have had all along, even when I did not have faith in myself. And finally, that Im falling in love with my ninja guardian angel. But, the last one I have felt coming since I defeated Trowe.
Leora stops beside the banquet table and picks up Nikolais sword that I dropped when I was attacked. She hands it to me then we run forward, out of the throne room and up the stairs.
When we reach the top of the stairs and step through the gate, grass is all around and the sky is yellow, like early morning sunshine. Everyone looks mesmerized. We are on a cliff overlooking a city connected by bridges. All the buildings are round and an architectural dreamland. Stained glass, carved stone, flags fly from poles that rise from the top of the buildings, and there are trees and flowers everywhere. The entire layer is a garden connected by bridges. There are yellow and white mountains in the distance without any way to get there. Clouds separate the buildings and the mountains.
Beautiful. It is exactly as I remember, Lark says from beside me. I have never seen her so excited. Bouncing on her toes, she smiles as she looks at me. This was my home. This is where my family lived. Come on, let us go at once. She moves forward, but I stand still. There is something about this layer that feels different. A mixture of apprehension and comfort.
The throne keeper is near.




16 PAST

We only make it through one garden before Lennox calls a halt. He wants to make a plan. I told him about my suspicion, which is more of a gut feeling than a known truth. Lennox assured me that he would have the warriors on their guard.
Lennox and Pen are speaking with Carsh, and I can tell that they are anxious about this layer. In a layer of flower gardens, the possibilities of attack are endless. Any one of the colorful flowers could be poisonous, or a death bug that will draw you in with its beauty then morph into some kind of beast that will destroy you with its sting. All things to be conscious of. As I approach them, they stop talking.
I want to look at the map, I tell them.
Lennox agrees and summons Lark, who is near to dancing with impatience to keep moving. Lark lived in this layer, so I cant blame her for wanting to move forward, but that also makes her blind to the possible dangers. To sweet Lark, she cannot see anything here being dangerous. She said everything is exactly how she remembers it, and that is like waving a red flag and shouting Danger.
Lark unrolls the map to the eleventh layer. The color of this layer is an orange-yellow. I ask Lennox for a knife and hand my new sword to Pen. Placing the blade of the knife beneath the map, the lines of the algorithm swirl around as the knife begins to glow. As they settle, the layer projects in 3D. The stone path we are following will take us across the first bridge. Im not keen on bridges after the one in the seventh layer that hid a phaeter, but there are no movements beneath the first bridge.
As I search around the map, following the paths and bridges, I discover what I am searching for. The artery is not a roadway or like anything we have seen. This one is a bridge, a very long bridge that runs straight into the tower. The tower and artery make up the eastern part of the layer.
The good news is that the throne room is between us and the artery, the bad news is that it is only accessible by several bridges, two of which you may be sure are heavily guarded. I run my finger along the paths that will lead us to the throne room.
A scream breaks our group apart. There is chaos all around, as a girl that I recognize, but dont know, writhes on the ground. There are a few vigilantes around her, but the others are fighting flowers. I grab another knife from my belt and run forward. I go in swinging at the yellow daffodil-like flowers that are buzzing around the vigilantes. I knock a bunch away getting a good look at them. There is a needle in the center of each flower. Fia knocks them back with air then Blaze hits them with fire.
As I fight through the flying flowers, I catch sight of a creature with red eyes sitting in the green grass where the daffodils were peacefully perched before they launched an attack against the vigilantes. Hes an ugly sucker, about two feet tall with a human form, except for his head, which looks like the head of a bull. Hes moving his hands as if hes orchestrating the attack. Taking him out is imperative. I run for him, dodging daffodils as others fight all around me. He does not notice me until I am three feet from him. His red eyes grow larger when he focuses on me, and he leaps in the air, spinning, and coming straight for me. I jump back as he lands on the grass and charges me. I sidestep, and he skids on the grass, turning around and chasing me as I run away from the vigilantes. As I get around a pink flower bush, he runs through it. Leaves and flowers fly through the air as he charges for me. I raise my boot and kick his head, but his mouth opens and he bites down on the toe of my boot. He makes chomping noises as his nasty, little mouth tries to chew through the leather of my boot. Freaking out, I swing him around, but he wont let go. As the leather begins to give way, I swing at him with my knife. Get. Off. My. Shoe. He releases my shoe, flying backward with what looks like a smirk on his face.
A sword slices through him from behind and the two halves drop to the grass before disintegrating. Des stands there with my sword extended as we look at the broken creature and then at each other.
The daffodils around the vigilantes fall to the ground, unmoving. Blaze torches them for good measure before telling us what happened. The girl was drawn to the flowers and leaned down to sniff one when something pierced her neck. She began convulsing immediately, and then the flowers attacked.
Pen is kneeling beside the girl, and I can tell that she is trying to heal her, so I grab Lennox and pull him aside.
We have to move everyone now.
Lennox agrees with me and calls for the vigilantes to move on immediately. I go to Pens side as she drops her hands away from the girls face. Pens face tells of her shock.
I couldnt heal her. It should have worked. I should have been able... she breaks off, shaking her head. I take her hand and pull her up as two of the vigilantes come to wrap the girl in a black cloth.
Everyone is quiet as we walk, not wanting to disturb the flowers or alert things to our presence, but I know that its too late for that. Whatever is out there is already watching us.
We reach the first bridge, and I volunteer to cross it first. If there are phaeters or clactures, I think Im the most qualified to deal with them given my history. Lennox says that he is going with me, so together we begin to walk across the ornate white bridge with spiral columns at the entrance, the middle, and the end. The bridge humps in the middle. Beneath the bridge, there is black fog, but it is not moving. Nothing attacks us, and when we reach the other side, Lennox signals for the rest to follow. He has his sword out, ready to battle if the bridge is attacked. Everyone makes it across, but as the path leads around a bend, we come upon the second bridge and have to halt.
On the bridge, there are two white apparitions, one guarding each end of the bridge. I take out the closest one with my knife, but as I start across the bridge for the second, the black beneath the bridge, that moments ago was unmoving, begins to rock the bridge. A phaeter rises out of the mist; its tentacles lash out at me. Dropping to my knees, I try to draw the sol. Another tentacle swipes for me, and I drop to my stomach. Lennox and Carsh appear at my side as one of the tentacles swing toward me. Lennox swings his swords and chops the tentacle in half. Carsh shoots the disks from a crossbow straight between the eyes of the phaeter. Pushing myself up, I run the rest of the way across the bridge, throwing my last knife into the second apparition. The strange thing is that when the apparition explodes, the phaeter does too. The bridge shakes beneath us, and I grab on to one of the white rails as wind hits me, sweeping my feet from the bridge. I shout as my legs go straight in the air. My heart beats feel skittish as my palms sweat. I lose my grip on one hand. My muscles strain as I fight to hold on. My fingers slip and I shout as I start to fly back. The wind dies down, and I land on the bridge, pain shooting through my chest and legs. I cough as I push myself up on my elbows, looking around.
Josiah! Pen runs across the bridge. I scramble up to my knees as she reaches me and throws her arms around my neck. I hold her to me as the erratic beats of my heart try to calm.
Her warm palms press against my cheeks as she looks at my face. I start to laugh, shaking my head as relief threads through me. She smiles.
After everyone is across the bridge, Lennox calls another halt. Carsh checks out a pavilion then proclaims it safe, so that is where Lennox has the vigilantes set up camp.
The round pavilion is large enough for everyone to find a place to sit. Looking around at the faces of the vigilantes, Im reminded of how many weve lost since the seventh layer. Twelve. It might not seem like a large number as numbers go, but there were only about fifty when I arrived in the rod, so twelve is a very large number. The vigilantes take turns remembering the people who lost their lights, the boy and girl in the maze, and the ten in the last layer. When I see Leora get up and leave the pavilion, I follow her. Lennox has several guards posted around the pavilion, and when I step out, Blaze is the one guarding the door. He points around the side of the building.
There are colorful flower bushes that are against the walls between the tall windows of the pavilion that I keep my eyes on for any sign of trouble. I dont like that I was right about the flowers luring people in.
After the events of this day, surely you understand the need, Lennoxs voice says from somewhere ahead of me.
He does not sound pleased with whoever he is talking to. I edge around a blue bush and see Pen.
I understand what you are saying, Lennox, but Josiah and I are friends. I cant force things that arent there, Pen says in her calm way. Rarely does she get angry. Ive only seen it once.
Pretense does not work on me, Pentaim. I know how you feel about him. You know what needs to be done and now is the moment to do it. You must move things along quickly. Lennox walks around the pavilion in the opposite direction of where Im standing, stunned.
Move things along? And what did he mean he knows how she feels about me? Pen guards her feelings better than soldiers guarding Fort Knox.
I know youre there, Josiah, Pen says, startling me out of my thoughts. When she stands before me, she looks contrite. I never meant for you to hear all that.
What does Lennox want you to move along? I ask without touching her. I want to know the truth.
Pen bites on her lip, her nervous habit. He wants me to tell you about my past. Pen leads me to a stone bench against one of the walls of the pavilion.
The sky has turned into a very pale mixture of pink and blue, but there is no black, other than below the bridges so I can see her every expression and movement. She leans forward with her elbows on her knees and her chin resting on her entwined fingers. I know that this is not easy for her. There have been moments when I have seen her distress over the things in her past.
I need you to hear me out, and when Im through, I will answer your questions. After I agree, she begins. You know that I am from New Zealand, but I only lived there until I was nine. From there, we moved around a bit. It was not until I was fifteen that I learned why. Pen stops and takes a few deep breaths. We were on the run.
On the run from what? I ask then remember I am not supposed to ask questions. If Pen notices, she doesnt mind.
My father was an American who had borrowed money from an unscrupulous person when he was a young man. Pen turns her head so she can look at me. When that man came to collect his money, he walked into a trap. My father was a federal agent, and his testimony sent that man to prison.
She stops and runs a hand over her face. Something inside me tells me this is not going to be good, and my shoulders tense as I wait. His sentence didnt last as long as hoped, and when he got out, he found out we lived in Auckland, so my dad moved us to an Indian reserve in Canada. A friend that he served with in the military opened his house to us. Pen gets up and starts pacing, her hands tight at her sides. I was walking home from a friends house, and saw a car parked outside that I did not recognize. Then I heard the first gunshot.
Pen sits beside me again, but her legs are bouncing and she is gripping the edge of the stone bench, ready to spring up again. I reach out and rub her back.
I ran into the house and saw two men standing over my father. A third man appeared, pulling my mom with him. She couldnt scream, because he had tied a cloth over her mouth. One of them raised a gun, and I ran forward. I threw myself on top of my mom, and he shot me. My hand freezes on her back, my whole body filling with shock. I dont know what it was that kept me going, but they could not pull me off my mom, so they shot me again. It took six bullets, but by that time one of the bullets had hit her.
Six bullets. For a moment, theres a haze in my mind, like I only imagined what she said. It quickly transforms into fury so deep, so hot that I want to shout; I want to strike down anyone and everyone who ever hurt her in any way, but I cant. For the foreseeable future, Im staying in the rod. I may not be able to do anything to the people who hurt her, but I will do all I can to show her that she is not alone. She has the vigilantes, and she has me.
She looks at me, and with one finger, I trace the path of her tears. She turns on the bench, and I wipe away her tears with the pads of my thumbs.
Im not dead, Josiah, she says softly, and never have I heard more beautiful words. I pull her onto my lap, wrapping my arms around her waist as I bury my face against her neck. Six bullets. She should be dead. But shes not.
There is one more thing that you need to know. I pull my face away from her neck. She leans back so she can see my eyes. She bites on her lip; another tear falling from her eye. The man my dad sent to prison was a boss of a crime family.
It only takes a second for her look and her words to sink into my brain.
The last thing I heard was one of the men speaking. Her throat bobs as she swallows. He said, Mr. Masin, it is done.
My vision starts to spin. I press my eyelids closed against the rush of emotions that threaten to spill over. Whatever feelings I have for Pen are crushed under the weight of truth.
A mob boss named Mr. Masin is my grandfather.




17 CLONED

My head is spinning out of control; my chest hurts like it is seconds away from failing me, and the guilt that is filling me hurts so bad I cant take a full breath. My family is responsible for the loss of hers, and there is no way I can ever fix it.
As I open my mouth, wanting to tell her how very sorry I am, thats not what comes out. He killed my parents too.
She stares into my eyes, hers growing wide and her mouth opening a little. I didnt know, she whispers. Her hands come up slowly, tentatively and press against my cheeks. That she made the first move to touch me causes me so much relief. I lean my forehead against hers. You are not to blame, so please do not blame yourself, she says, and her words ease my guilt.
I swear I didnt know. I only met my grandfather three months ago. Which, in a way, hes the reason Im here.
She asks me what I mean, so I tell her about how I arrived in the Realm of Dreams. I met my cousin Tony six months ago. I was at a party, and he came up to me, demanding to know my name. I thought he wanted to fight. He told me I reminded him of someone, and when he heard my name, he grinned and told me that he knew from the moment he saw me that I had to be the lost cousin. Apparently the whole family knew of my existence. It was not until after Tony got me a job in the family that he told me how my parents had died. By that time, it was too late to get out. The blood oath had been given.
I stay up and keep watch with Pen. We dont talk about my grandfather, what happened to her family, or what is ahead. She tells me about swimming in the ocean, hiking on a real mountain, and about the beauty of New Zealand. I tell her about my school friends, about running track, and about my adopted parents.
What is your favorite food? I ask as she looks at her sundial for the time.
Pavlova, she replies without hesitation.
Here was I thinking youd say fish and chips, I say, receiving her amused smile that transforms her face from the serious ninja who can kick butt to the sweet girl who has taken my dreams and my heart hostage.
Only when at the beach. What about you?
Homemade lasagna.
Never had it, she says and I have to stare at her.
Never had lasagna? Sweetheart, you havent lived. She shoves my arm playfully. I grab her hand and hold it. Seriously though, how can you not have had lasagna?
She shrugs. I dont like Italian food.
I gape at her and shake my head. We can no longer be friends. She laughs and tries to swat at me, but I wrap my arm around her, pulling her close. She leans her head against my shoulder.
Did your parents try to help you find your family?
I look down to our entwined hands. Such a simple question that a month ago I would have answered easily, but now I know the truth in that question. It is true that Tony is my blood relative, but Ive never allowed him to be my family. I let Tim and Rita be my parents, but I never felt like a real member of their family because I would not let myself. I didnt think I deserved them. The thing is I never understood what real family was until I came here. Until I met all of these people who are willing to die for a cause greater than themselves, who are willing to die for me. Lark explained it first; we dont have to be the same to be family, but a family we are.
They tried, I say, meeting her gaze, but it was Benjamin Hunt who succeeded.
Comprehension flares in her eyes and the sweetest smile touches her peach lips. An orange light begins to color the sky and she jumps up, pulling me with her. With her back pressed against my chest, she laces our fingers and extends our arms. Shenay lacah benae avee, she whispers. Have you ever noticed that when the sun rises, animals perk their ears up, waiting, watching? I cant say that I have, but I dont reply. They are listening to the song in the rays. All light has a song, even the stars in our world.
That reminds me of what Lennox said about the sol being the fifth note in a music scale. Makes sense why so many people love sunrises, sunsets, and music. Theyre all connected. What did your words mean?
As the morning light covers us, it makes Pens hair glow. She turns in my arms, wrapping hers around my waist. May the light always shine upon me. It was the tradition of the light keepers to usher in the light every morning, and that is what they say. She smiles as her gaze drops to my mouth. I can see in her eyes what she wants, and it makes excitement spark in me. Shes giving me the okay to kiss her.
Des runs around the corner of the pavilion, panting. Fia and Lark have been taken.
All thoughts of kissing flee as panic tries to take hold of my mind, but I fight to stay calm. Being rash wont save them. Des fills us in as we follow him from the pavilion. Lennox, Carsh, Des and a few of the others had gone out before the shadows lifted to see what they could discover about the next few bridges. Fia and Lark had gone with them, and they were ambushed. Apparitions took Fia and Lark to the throne room. Lennox sent Des to us so that we would know where to reach them. Pen hands me the reacher as she straps on her harness, and I want to kiss her just for that. Des leads us toward the third bridge, and as we reach, it one of the vigilantes walks around one of the pavilions and stops on the path.
Des? There are two of Des. Two! Im stumped, staring between the two of them that are dressed exactly the same. As if one is not bad enough. The one next to Pen pulls out his sword while the one across the path looks completely dumbfounded.
The one next to Pen charges forward, but I stop him, running forward and grabbing his free arm. The Des across from us finally realizes what is happening and pulls out his own sword. The one I am holding back is shouting to let him go; that the other one is an impostor, an apparition. Pen is standing completely still, looking between the two, so I shout her name to snap her out of her astonishment. She runs forward, a knife in each hand, and points them at each of the Dess.
What are you doing, Pentaim? You know me, the one Im holding says.
Dont listen to him. Hes not me, implores the one on the path ahead of us.
Pen looks at me. Shes not sure either. What we do know is that one of these is an apparition, and that is bad news. If they can morph into whatever they want, then any of the vigilantes could be apparitions.
Keep your knives on them, Pen.
I look into the eyes of the one beside me, and he takes an impatient step back. He doesnt want me that close to his face. The second one stands in the same spot, but squirms, uncomfortable with me right up in his face. Stepping back Im still not sure. I was hoping that there would be something in their eyes that screamed apparition, but their eyes are the same. Pen asks them a series of questions, but they give the same answers at the same time. Even their hair is the same crazy, windswept, out-of-control look.
We ask them questions, and they have the same answer every time. Theres not even a hesitation. Its as if one is a clone...
I think we should go back to camp and see what Lennox has to say about this, I say.
Pen looks at me sharply. Des on the path says its fine by him, but the other one starts harping about Fia and Lark being taken.
If thats true, then they wont be at the camp when we get back there.
Pen keeps her knives on them, and I follow from behind with the reacher pointed at them in case one tries to run. When we reach camp, we find Carsh, who has heard nothing about Fia and Lark being taken. He says that Lennox is out patrolling and will return soon. Carsh orders everyone out of the pavilion so we can place Des and Des in there until Lennox returns. Carsh guards them while Pen and I go in search of Fia and Lark. We find Fia and Blaze beside a pond, catching butterflies of all things. With everything going on, they are having a competition to see who can catch the most flying insects.
As relieved as I am to see them, I wont be calm until we deal with the apparition. Pen is quick to point out that just because what the first Des said was a lie, doesnt mean that he is the apparition. That leaves me with one option. Time to play on the emotions.
Blaze and Fia come with us to the pavilion where Carsh is blocking the door against the curious gazes of the vigilantes. He lets us in and Des one and two stand. Fia and Blaze gape, but I get down to business. I grab Fia around the waist and lower my head until my mouth meets hers. There is a gasp in the room, but it doesnt come from Fia. Her eyes are wide as she stares at me, though she doesnt fight me off. The kiss only lasts about five seconds because Des number two is pulling me away from her and slamming his fist against my jaw. As I fall on my back, Des number one sees his mistake, and he transforms into a red apparition. Hes as large as the one I fought in the maze and just as ugly.
Blaze! I shout as I grow a sol in my hand.
Des shoves Fia behind him, while Blaze sends a ball of fire against the apparition the same time I send my sol. Together they hit the apparition. The apparition morphs into a flame creature. It starts toward me. A knife flies through the air over my head and lodges in the forehead of the flame creature. A blast of light and wind knocks into all of us, shoving me against the wall, Carsh out the door, Blaze through the window, and Des and Fia against the wall across from me.
All the windows shatter as the apparition disappears, taking the wind with it. I push myself up, shaking shards of glass off my shoulders and out of my hair. Des helps Fia up; Blaze comes through the broken window, and Carsh sets the busted door aside. Pen is the only one missing. Before I can move toward the door, Des is blocking my path with his fists raised.
You may want to go another round, Des, but I did the only thing I could.
How did you know he would react? Fia asks softly from behind Des.
Des and I stare at each other for a moment, and Im sure hes warning me not to say anything about what I know. He wants to be the one to tell Fia about his feelings. Fair enough.
Intuition. Anyway, since apparitions dont feel the same emotions, we do. I took a chance, and it paid off. Now if youll get out of my way, I need to find Pen.
Youre in for some explaining there, Des says quietly as I move past him toward the door.
She went to the water, Blaze calls from the pavilion. Good luck.
Yeah, I have a feeling Im going to need it.
Pen is sitting on a low rail inside of a white gazebo. I know that she hears me approach because Im doing nothing to be quiet, but she doesnt acknowledge me. She keeps her back straight and her hands grip the rail. I climb over the one beside her and sit.
Thanks for throwing the knife.
She still doesnt look at me. Well, I couldnt let him extinguish you, she says, but there is a bite to the words.
Pens not just mad; shes irate. Knowing that she cares enough to get angry when I kiss someone else makes me want to grin. I try to resist, pressing my lips together. She turns toward me, glaring. I give in and smile. Wrong move. She jumps up, and I follow her out of the gazebo.
I am so pleased that you find me funny, but if you dont mind, Id rather be alone.
Come on, Pen, you have to admit it worked.
There were other things you could have tried, she retorts as she stomps away. Clouds of dirt follow in her wake.
If I had known you would care so much I wouldnt
She turns on me, pushing me back with her fists. You wouldnt what? Have kissed Fia? Or you wouldnt have let me see?
Man is she intuitive. Thats exactly what I was thinking. Wait. Why am I apologizing? I didnt do anything wrong. Pens not my girlfriend. Shes definitely not my wife. I dont answer to her. Just because I care about her, doesnt give her license to attack my actions.
Sometimes I swear she can read my mind, and now is one of those times. She throws her hands in the air and growls. She tries to stomp away again, kicking the skirt of her dress out of her way. I grab her waist and pull her back. She twists out of my grasp, and her small but powerful fist hits my jaw in the same spot Des hit me, causing me to groan. She swings at me again, but I jerk my head back. It was a fake-out as she slams her fist into my stomach instead. I double over and she grabs my hair. She pulls my head up to her eye level, and I sense her next move before she makes it.
Dont!
She throws up her knee. I dont know how I knew, but Im glad I did. I catch her knee before it connects with its goal. She jerks her knee back and gives me a swift kick against my shin. I knock her leg away. She brings her fists toward me again, but I deflect each attack, walking her backward as she tries to get in another hit. She trips over her dress and grabs my shirt. We both go down. My hands brace on the ground around her, so my full weight doesnt land on her, but enough of it does to knock some of the wind out of her. She gives a small gasp, but starts trying to punch me. She knocks me off of her, and before I can blink, shes on top of me. She slaps the side of my head, then the other side.
Fight back, she demands, hitting my cheek with her palm.
Im going to be red, black, and blue tomorrow, but there is no way Im going to fight her. For one, shed probably kill me, and for two, I dont hit girls.
She pulls back her hand, making a fist and I move, knocking her back to the ground and rolling until Im on her. My knees brace her thighs and I capture her wrists, pinning them over her head. She moves around, trying to get her arms or legs free, but when she cant, she stills. Her eyes focus on my lips. When her gaze connects with mine, and when her lips part, I capture her mouth with my own. I only mean to touch her lips, but something deep inside me roars to life like a lion yawning and growling its sleep away.
Her lips are soft and perfect as my own trace every curve, becoming acquainted with the very thing they have wanted from nearly the first moment I met her. She is unresponsive until I capture her larger bottom lip between my teeth. She moans, and the soft sound shatters my restraint. As her lips part fully and I taste the sweetness that is Pentaim, Im lost. She tastes like oranges, my new favorite fruit.
She tugs her arms down, and as I release them, she wraps them around my neck, pulling me down until our bodies are flush. Everything inside me comes to life. There is something about the way Pen is put together that drives me crazy. I like everything about this girl. From the way her small hips fit between my legs to her peach colored lips that are as soft as any flower petal. A shiver courses through one of us, but I cant tell which. I want Pen, but more than in a physical way, I want Pen for keeps, and the thought scares me. I start to pull away, but Pen pulls me back down, her hands resting against my shoulders, then moving to my neck and hair. When she captures my lip between her teeth a noise very much like a growl comes from me, making its way from my mouth to hers. I can feel the effect of her kiss all the way to my core. Her tongue flicks across my captured lip, and I know I need to move. Now. I pull back, my lip sliding from between Pens teeth. My arms are resting on the ground on either side of her shoulders; my breaths are ragged. As her eyes open, she smiles, and Ive never wanted to do something more than what my mind and other things are screaming to do right now. I give Pen one last kiss, placing my hand behind her neck and lifting her head up to me. Her hands rest on my chest and slowly, regretfully I release her.
Did I do something wrong? she asks breathlessly.
Wrong? I dont think thats possible. Wait, is this your first time?
I was fifteen when I arrived here, so kissing was not high on my priorities, she responds defensively.
Im a goner. She has never been more perfect to me than now, knowing that Im the first kiss for the girl that I love.
We will have to see if we can change that.
We will? she asks.
Kissing should always be a priority, Pen, but only when its with me.
One corner of her lips edges up. Cocky much?
Leaning my face down until our noses are touching, I grin. Confident, sweetheart.
As her eyes narrow, I start to laugh, but my fingers, that are playing with the collar of her dress, touch something hard beneath the silky material. I tug down on her collar until I see what it is. Her eyes are wide as I pull the strand from beneath the top of her dress. My beads. The beads from the necklace that the clacture pulled from my neck when Des stranded me in that cave. I release them and move off Pen, sitting on the ground beside her.
This is not at all how it looks, Pen says, her voice strained, but I turn and place my fingers against her lips.
Im not mad, Pen. Im surprised. I thought these were long gone.
She sits up, removing them from around her neck. She holds them out to me. After you told me what happened to them, I went back for them.
I take the shortened strand between my fingers, not seeing them. So many feelings are soaring through me right now.
I couldnt find all of them, but the ones I did find, I strung on a piece of leather that I brought here from my home. When I dont look at her, she goes on faster, uncomfortably. I meant to give them to you last night after I told you, well, everything, but I could not find the right moment.
I want to do more than kiss her, and if I start kissing her how we are now, so close to the ground, I know I wont be able to stop. I grab her hands and pull us both up until we are standing. Then, I kiss her hard, holding her against me with one hand and the beads between us with the other. Her arms wrap around my neck as she holds on. I slowly pull back, nipping at her lip before I release her.
She looks dazed as she blinks up at me, surprise showing in her wide eyes. I kiss the top of her nose and take her hand and place the beads against her palm. She blinks again as she looks at her hand.
Josiah
Ive done a lot of stupid stuff since I came here, but I never meant anything by it. You told me what these beads mean, and though Im in no way proposing, I give her a look that Im sure is sheepish, I want you to know how serious I am about you. So, what do you say? Will you be my girlfriend?
She releases a laugh that sounds as relieved and happy as I feel, kisses me quickly, then places the beads around her neck.
Together, we walk back to camp hand in hand. When we reach the pavilion, I pull Pen behind it before anyone can see us and smooth down her hair that is in disarray. I kiss her again, backing her against one of the walls between the broken windows. Her hand moves under my shirt, and I have to remind myself where we are. I want to carry her back to the gazebo and finish what weve started, but now is not the time. Filled with things I should not be feeling this close to the vigilante camp, I release her lips.
What was that for?
To sustain you, I say smugly. It might be a while before you get another.
It will be longer than you think, Josiah, Lennox says from around the pavilion.
Pen whips her hand away from my back, shoving me a step away from her. She looks mortified, and that makes me laugh. Surprisingly Im not embarrassed in the least. 
Im afraid I have grave tidings. Lark has been captured.
My amusement dies.




18 TAKEN

The vigilantes are in warrior mode; even the navigators are preparing for battle. Ive only seen them like this a few times, but Pen explains their actions. It is one thing to know that you have to destroy the throne keepers, but it is something very different when one of your own has been captured.
Some of the vigilantes had weapons on them that did not disappear in Nikolais layer, so Carsh is lining up his strike team of archers who will attack the throne room from the East while Lennox and his team attack from the West.
Lennox is barking orders like a general, lining up his team of warriors that include Blaze, Fia, Des, Pen, and me, but I can sense panic in him.
There is only one route to the throne room, so we will all be traveling together over the eight remaining bridges that stand in our way.
Pen and I told Lennox about the clone, and he has warriors who are keeping an eye out for duplicates, but right now, thats not his main concern. Des is the one who takes care of the clone situation. He and Fia checked everyones badge and have everyone wearing an arm band.
We start across the third bridge, and Lennox, Pen, and I get half way, when round white pieces of the bridge break off and start turning colors. Red orbs light up all around us. I light up the fire sword that Leora gave me. A grin tugs at my lips and adrenaline rushes through my veins as I slice through the orbs.
Coolest weapon ever!
The tavin was great, but Nikolai stole it. At least this weapon doesnt make me feel like Im going to glow by using it.
Orbs seem to be the easiest of all the rod apparitions to destroy, but theyre not to be underestimated. I still remember the feeling of being burned.
Pen has her two swords out, and I pause for a second to watch her. She swings them around, hitting every orb in her path, looking like a sexy warrior. I slice through one coming toward me and lower the sword, the fire going out. The orbs are gone, and all the vigilantes made it. Pen catches me watching her and winks, before leading the way across the bridge.
Since Fia is the second navigator, she studies the map, keeping us alert of what paths to take.
The air is balmy, and the orangish yellow light is sending hot rays upon us. When we reach the fourth bridge, it is being guarded by two white apparitions. They look at us with their hollow eyes and open their mouths to screech, but Lennox sends a knife into each without hesitation. Lennox doesnt wait for their light show before crossing the bridge. I move past them in a jog, not wanting to be next to them when they do. Pen follows Lennox since she is the second in command, and I follow Pen.
The fifth bridge has a small army of apparitions surrounding it. Carsh has his archers fire into them, taking half of them out. Carsh raises a crossbow that shoots an arrow instead of a disk. As soon as the arrow strikes one of the figures, it explodes, taking out the remaining apparitions.
Beneath the sixth bridge are two phaeters, and Lennox and Carsh go forward to fight, but Blaze jumps between them and charges onto the bridge. My stomach drops when Fia follows him. They are shooting fire and air into the phaeters, and Blaze gets two of the tentacles burned off one of the phaeters, but doesnt see the third that swings up around the bridge behind him. I build the sol, but a crack echoes through the air and lightning strikes the phaeter. Des swings his whip around, snapping and sending lightning from the whip into the phaeter that Fia is fighting. Blaze builds up a ball of fire the size of a beach ball and with a shout, sends it into the phaeter. The thing disintegrates before us, sending wind against the bridge and Blaze flies through the air. A whip flies out and attaches to Blazes ankle. When the wind dies, Blaze drops to his back on the bridge. I run forward.
When I reach my hand down to pull him up, he grins. Had to redeem myself, he says and I shake my head, but laugh as he dances the rest of the way across the bridge.
The seventh bridge has five clactures swooping around it. The archers line up with their crossbows and fire into the clactures until there is only one left. It is an annoying, fast sucker that dodges every shot. We are on a little hill that overlooks the tower and artery on the right and the throne room on the left. From here we can see the path ahead, but the final two bridges look unguarded, which means something is up, but first we have to get there before we can figure that out.
The clacture keeps screeching as it swoops around the bridge keeping us from passing. Lennox growls, and with a sword in each hand, he runs toward the bridge. The clacture sees him and swoops toward him, screeching a horrible sound that makes many of the vigilantes cringe and cover their ears. Other than wincing, I dont move, too intrigued to see what Lennox will do. Lennox wields one of the swords toward the clacture, but the clacture is faster, appearing on the other side of Lennox. One of its smoky arms swings down toward Lennoxs back and I open my mouth to shout a warning. The arm hits only air as Lennox disappears. He reappears on the other side of the bridge, and now I know Im gaping. How did he move so fast? Lennox scissor-cuts through the clacture with his swords and the thing lights up, but the wind doesnt touch Lennox as he appears on the other side of the bridge.
When Lennox lowers the swords, no one moves. He doesnt look winded at all, still fresh as the morning. He places the swords in his harness and motions for us. Carsh is the first one to move, barking out an order that we quit gaping like fish out of water. As we cross the bridge, Des tells me that Lennox can move at the speed of light. A perk of being a light keeper.
Lennox calls for a halt when we get across the bridge, but he doesnt rest. Sitting in the shade of purple and pink flowering trees between Pen and Fia, we pass around a canteen of water. Lennox and Leora move restlessly from group to group, looking impatient. For some reason, they are the most determined to reach Lark. I want to rescue her as soon as possible, but there is something different about Lennox and Leoras desire to get to her. I voice my thoughts to Pen and Fia, but it is Des who answers as he comes up in time to hear my words.
Of course they are panicked. Wouldnt you be if it were your sister taken hostage by a throne keeper?
What? Lark is
Lennox and Leoras sister, yes. He stares at my sagging jaw. Didnt anyone tell you that all of the light keepers were siblings? Seriously, mate, how much do you know?
Why would Lark not tell me? When we laid flowers on the graves, and we stopped by the four blank stones, she laid flowers at them like she knew them, like they were her family. Now I know that they are.
Lark, Lennox, and Leora look nothing alike, but that was answered by Lark when she said that just because we all look and sound different doesnt mean that we are any less family. Wait. That means that Lennox and Floriant...
Are brothers, Pen whispers as if she is thinking the same thing.
Nikolai told me when I was ten chapters. I thought you knew, Pentaim, Des says, almost apologetically. He sits on the other side of Fia and engages her in conversation. Pen and I exchange a long look.
We have to help Lennox and Leora, we have to get her back, Pen says, her voice strained.
I take Pens hand. We will.
She stares at me for a moment, her brows lowering. What are you planning? Please promise me you wont do anything stupid.
I cant make that promise. Even though I dont know what Im going to do, I cant make a promise that I might not be able to keep.
Lets move! Lennox orders and I am saved from having to respond.
We approach the eighth bridge cautiously, but no stirring of the shadows comes from beneath; neither do apparitions appear. Lennox, Pen, and I are halfway across the bridge when an attack comes from behind us. The yellow, orange, and pink flowers in the garden that we sat in were a mirage to mask the little creatures that were hiding there. Vicious little creatures, like the one that I fought in the first garden, are attacking the vigilantes. All I do is stand there staring as the little creatures jump on the vigilantes, going for their necks. When they open their mouths they have razor sharp fangs, and they try to devour the vigilantes. The screams and shouts echo across the ravine beneath the bridge and knock sense back into me. I turn the fire on my sword, ready to go back and fight, but Carsh shouts for us to keep moving. Lennox acknowledges this by grabbing my arm and pulling me forward, away from the fight and toward the end of the bridge. Pen is the first across, and she waits for Lennox and I. The bridge has to be at least a quarter mile long. When we reach the other side, I pull my arm away from his grasp and stare at the fight. I want to go back so bad, but reaching Lark is most important. I keep reminding myself of this as I watch four of the vigilantes fall.
There have to be a hundred of those little creatures, at least it looks like that from here. Flames shoot into the sky as vigilantes run across the bridge. Blaze, Fia, and Des are holding the creatures back from the bridge by making a wall of flames and air between the bridge and the flower garden. They were able to rescue three of the four vigilantes who are seriously wounded, but the fourth was already gone. The fire keeps the creatures from following the vigilantes onto the bridge. As they attack the fallen vigilante, I have to turn around before I get sick. I wait until Blaze, Fia, and Des are across the bridge, and then follow the rest of the vigilantes, unable to imagine what will come next.
The ninth and tenth bridges are separated by a gap about three miles long, and here is where we split into two groups. Carsh leads a group including Des and Fia while Lennox leads ours. When we reach the bridge, it is unguarded.
Pen and I are toward the back of the group, and we see the fighting start before anyone else. One of the vigilantes in the middle of the group pulls out a knife and stabs the one next to him in the side. He goes for the people in front of him as Pen and I shout warnings.
Clone!
Chaos breaks out among the vigilantes as they search around for the clone, not understanding that he is among them. Pen and I try to push through the crowd, but the clone stabs another vigilante before we can reach him. He goes for Blaze, and Pen screams his name. Blaze jumps away a moment before the blade swipes toward him. Two of the guys jump the clone from behind and wrestle him to the ground, but I know what comes next. As the clone transforms, they are thrown back, and the giant, red apparition stands. Blaze throws fire, and I throw sol into him until he turns into a flame creature, the same as the Des clone.
Knives! Pen shouts.
Knives fly toward the creature from both directions, and he takes them in like a person being shot with multiple rounds.
Hold on to something, I shout, grabbing Tallie who is beside me, and pushing us both to the ground as light and wind knock into us.
As the wind dies, shouts and screams come from all around us, and as Tallie and I stand, we see why. Five of the vigilantes were knocked over the bridge and are hanging on to the rail, their bodies dangling precariously over the ravine.
I reach down and grab the hand of a girl just as her fingers slip. She screams and her face looks up at me, begging me to pull her up. I reach down and grab her arm with both hands, but catch sight of someone hanging even lower down, and I almost lose my grip on the girl. She screeches and I pull her up, my muscles straining. Jumping up, I move directly over where Pen is hanging. This bridge has bars that swoop down toward the ravine in a half circle, and Pen is hanging on the lowest bar, too far down to reach.
Screeching comes from the black mist of death, and five clactures zip up into the sky and dive bomb toward the vigilantes. One of them goes for Pen, and I throw sol into it, knocking it away from her. My heart is pounding around in my chest like an inexperienced drummer. I drop over the side of the bridge, my boots hitting one of the bars. I slide down until I am above Pen. She shouts at me, but Im too focused to listen. Grabbing the bar, I swing down to the lowest bar. With one hand on the bar above me, I reach down for Pens hand. One of her hands releases the bar, and she stretches it toward me. My sweaty fingers slip against hers, and her arm falls. My stomach drops as my hand wipes on my pants. Reaching down again, I grab her hand and pull her up. When her body hits mine, we almost topple over the side, but my fingers hold on to the bar above us.
Climb, I shout, so she can hear me over the war happening above us. She nods, and I scoop her up with my hand against her legs and hoist her in the air. She grabs the bar and climbs up to where the vigilantes reach her. My breaths whoosh out of me when I see her safely on the bridge.
Screams from the other bridge in the distance hit me like a bolt of Dess lightning. My mind scans through the people who went with Carsh, and my stomach sinks. They have fire, but they dont have sol. If clones are attacking them, they wont be able to defeat them.
Josiah! Pen has her hand stretching down toward me. I stare at her for a moment, straight into her blue eyes, then slightly shake my head. The screams that are faint from traveling that distance, increase. I twist around on the bar to face the other bridge as Pen screams my name from up above. Inhaling a shuddering breath and trying not to let my conviction that this is a stupid idea sink into my head, I release my hands from the bar and fall forward.
My stomach tumbles as wind rushes against my face before I land on a clacture. It swoops down, screeching, but I grip the back of its bat head and pull it up, heading for the other bridge. It jerks around, but I place the tip of a knife against its wispy body. It flies straight at the other bridge, and I focus my eyes forward, refusing to look anywhere else. Wind presses against my face as the clacture swoops low enough for me to see what is going on.
There are two red apparitions guarding each side of the bridge, trapping the vigilantes between them. The clacture starts up, and I stab the knife into it as I drop off, landing on the bridge between some wide-eyed vigilantes.
Does anyone have fire? I ask the nearest vigilante. She shakes her head as a screech comes from above us. A clacture swoops toward us and Blaze drops onto the bridge.
Couldnt let you have all the fun, he says to me then builds up fire and shoots it into the nearest apparition. I raise my hand with the sol, and release it. Fia throws a knife into the apparition before it can show its ugly face. Des yells for everyone to hold on so the wind that hits them doesnt blow them over the edge. With Blaze beside me, we build up fire and sol to hit the second apparition. Des hits it with a knife, and as the wind dies down, I jump up and run toward the throne room before anyone can stop me.
Alarm bells begin ringing from the tower over the throne room. I jump behind a tree when the throne room doors start to open. Apparitions pour out of the building splitting up to attack both sides of vigilantes. For a moment, I weigh going back for Pen, but I know that rescuing Lark has to be the first priority. When no more apparitions appear, I move around the tree and run to the massive double doors. Without looking toward the vigilantes, I walk into the throne room. As the door slides shut behind me, I try not to wince at the finality that the sound of that closing door causes inside me.
As my eyes adjust to the dimmer light, my heart spasms in my chest before dropping like I took another leap off the bridge. The person seated on the black throne chair...is me.




19 DEFEAT


Im a freaking clone. And a throne keeper. Floriant must be laughing it up about this one. Looking at myself is way too surreal. My eyes are plain brown; my black hair is too thick and unruly. I have a long, straight nose, straight eyebrows, and no sense of style. My skin is tan, which shows my Native American roots. Ive always tried to keep from getting too much sun because of how quick my skin darkens. I get too many idiots saying Hau thinking they are being hilarious, and assuming that all Native Americans speak the same language. Ive been told that my lips are my best feature. I dont know how lips can be a good feature. Lips are just lips. Unless theyre Pentaims lips, then theyre perfect.
Looking away from myself, I focus on the room. The smell in here is sickeningly sweet. Like the flowers that are in vases all over the room are coated with some kind of cheap air freshener that you expect to smell in a gas station bathroom. The rest of the layer has smelled fresh from all the flower gardens, but something about the smell here sends a vague, fuzzy warning through the back of my mind. Almost like Ive smelled this place before, but I dont see how that is possible.
How did you leave our grandfather Antonio? The clone asks, and the voice sends prickles across my skin. His voice sounds calculated, like hes my evil twin.
For a full minute, I stare at him. Why the devil does he want to know about him?
You know by now why Pentaim is here, and yet she does not hate us. Antonio must not have done his job properly. The clones fingertips are together as he leans back looking at his leisure. Did she tell you it was in our grandfather Benjamins house that her parents were extinguished? the clone asks.
I dont say anything, keeping a blank expression on my face. My mind is another matter. If its true, why did she not tell me?
He was a friend of her father. It is such a pity that he was not home when it happened. It would have saved us so much trouble.
Taking a step forward, my hands make fists. The clone regards me with interest as if he is waiting to see if I am stupid enough to attack him.
What do we have here, the clone says, and I turn toward where he is looking behind me. My heart lurches painfully. Pentaim is standing in the open doorway staring straight at me. She visibly relaxes when she sees me, but it only lasts a moment before anger replaces it. She stomps toward me, her small hands on her hips. When she reaches me, I start to say something, but am cut short by her punching my guthard. I double over, and she takes my face between her hands.
I get why you did it, she whispers, but we are in this together.
What are you doing? My voice comes out in a hiss, though it has nothing to do with the pain in my stomach, and her having knocked the wind out of me.
Thats the thing about guardian angels, she says, a hint of a smile at the corners of her lips, where you go, I go.
I take Pens hands in mine and pull her against my chest. She is so stubborn! Determined, strong, crazy independent, and beyond beautiful, but stubborn, and I love her for it.
What have we here? Love? Between the orphan and the healer?
For a moment, I forgot where we are, what we are facing.
Hes not an orphan, Pen snaps, twisting around to glare at the throne keeper, but her expression falters when she sees what we are up against.
He leers at her, and I fight against the pull for the sol. We need to find Lark before I can attack. Lennox comes through the open throne room door, followed by the rest of the vigilantes, but they all look like the smallest pressure would knock them over. Des is the first to react, snapping his whip toward my clone. It strikes an invisible barrier that stands between us and the clone.
Tut-tut, the clone says.
When have I ever said tut?
He snaps his fingers, and Lark appears beside him, her eyes wide. Lennox, Leora, and I all take a step forward, but Lark yells at us.
No! Its not what you think. Hes the real Josiah.
Glancing at Lennox and Leora, there is uncertainty in her eyes, but, not in Lennoxs. His jaw and hands are clenched. Hes as sure that Im me as I am.
You truly believed that Mach would allow you to take the real Josiah. The clone laughs. He said you would play into our plan. For you, Lennox, never could see past the end of your nose. Too self-righteous, too much like Abner. The one who controls the proxy controls the fate. How does it feel to know that you were never in control? How does it feel to know that youve lost? The clone looks at me and nods. I nod in return and step forward.
What are you doing? Pen hisses, but I dont look at her. I dont look at any of them as I step through the barrier and join Lark and the clone on the other side. Up this close, I can see how perfect of a job Floriant did in making us look alike. It makes me grin as I turn to face the vigilantes who took me in without question.
I feel my lips curl in a wicked grin as I look first at Des and then Lennox. They never guessed, and why would they? Floriants plan was foolproof.
The vigilantes begin to see; their shock shows on their faces. Some of them dont want to believe it; others are too stunned to move. It is just what Floriant would want. Strike them at their heart and watch them self destruct.
No! Pen shouts and charges forward, raising the reacher, but not at me, she points it at the one on the throne. He motions with his hand and I step in front of him, in her line of fire. Her aim wavers a centimeter, but no more. Her eyes are hard as they stare at me. I grin, and her finger hovers over the trigger.
Get out of the way, she demands.
If you want him you have to go through me.
Dont think that I wont, she retorts, raising the reacher higher.
I mouth two words at her. Do it.
She squeezes the trigger, and I build up sol, releasing it as I shove Lark through the opening that comes when the sol hits the barrier the same time as the silver balls from the reacher.
As the hole reseals itself, I face the clone. Wrath is on his face, and man do I look scary when Im furious. He charges toward me, and I throw sol at him. He deflects it with sol of his own and dread takes over. He truly is just like me, except his sol has yellow light where mine is blue. He sends five consecutive sols at me, and I block them. Every step I take, he takes, everything I try, he counters. The sols hit each other and explode in blue and yellow sparks. He raises his hands making an x, and I hit him in the chest with sol. He stumbles back, looking down at his chest then slowly back up. Oh crap.
He swipes his crossed arms down, and wind hits me from the air element. My back hits the wall, and his arms direct me up until Im hanging in the corner between the wall and ceiling.
Pen, Lennox, Lark, Des, and Blaze are all shouting different things trying to break through the barrier, but nothing they try works. The clone shakes his hand, and Im shaken in the air.
I want your friends to see this; to see what happens when they put their trust in a betrayer. They will fall. He drops me and theres nothing to break my fall. I land on my right leg and feel the bone snap as it hits the concrete floor. I grit my teeth as my back arches, and I try to move my leg. Pain courses through me and I drop my head against the floor, trying to lessen the pain somehow. The clone kneels beside me, grinning.
Poor baby, he taunts. I raise my hand to release the sol, but he jumps up, kicking my stomach, and then my side. I cough, gripping my stomach, as Im sure hes broken my ribs. Hes kneeling beside me again, leaning his face close to mine, and its the creepiest thing Ive ever seen, and believe me, I know creepy.
Here is a life lesson for you, brother, he sneers, your last. Everyone is their own worst enemy.
A memory hits me of my dad telling me those very words. He said the only person standing in the way of me reaching my goal was myself. He told me to let go of my fear of failure, that my fear was nothing more than an idea in my head; that my value was not contingent upon success. The only way to have success is to release your fears so you can go after what you want.
Im not afraid of you, I say to my clone. You can try to take me down, but youll never win. Im the proxy.
He laughs, a derisive sound. This was never just about you, he says. You are an orphan. No one expects great things from you.
I do, Pen says from where she is standing right on the other side of the barrier.
I do, Lark says from beside Pen.
I do, Lennoxs voice says with calm authority.
We all do, Des announces from beside Lennox. He gives me a brief nod. I return it and focus on the clone who looks like he cant comprehend what is happening. I raise my hand and hit him with the sol that I made. It is only the size of a marble, but it knocks him back, giving me time to hit the barrier with sol. Pen shoots it and then charges through, dropping to my side and placing her hand on my leg, healing me with her touch. Lennox hits the clone with sol while Blaze hits it with a dozen fireballs. It transforms to a flame creature.
The tingles disappear from my leg, and I jump up. Pen hands me her knife, and I throw it toward the flame creature. Pen wraps her arms around me as the wind hits us, shoving us into the wall. I hit it hard with my arms on either side of Pen to keep from slamming into her. Our bodies are pressed together as we wait for it to disappear.
All around us are the vigilantes, but as I stare down at Pen, were in a haven of our own making. She tips her chin up, and I press my mouth against hers. Her hands press on my hips beneath the fabric of my tunic. I dont feel the wind anymore, but I dont care as our mouths move against each other. Pens relief is clear in the caress of her lips on mine. I pull back to tell her how much I love her because I do, more than I probably should. A deep voice clears behind us. Son of a reacher. As we turn, all of the vigilantes are watching us. Some look shocked; some are trying not to laugh, and some look embarrassed. Lennoxs lips twitch as he turns away from us to order the vigilantes up the stairs. Carsh barks orders for everyone to follow him as he goes to the door behind the black throne. Once the vigilantes are moving away, Lennox turns back to us.
There is a time and a place for displays of affection. Try to remember that. He goes up the stairs, and its just me and Pen. When I glance at her, she is shaking her head slowly, pink covering her cheeks. She meets my eyes, and we both laugh. I take her hand, and we walk toward the stairs, but I stop at the throne and search around the chair. The key is under the throne, made of black onyx.
Have you been getting the keys from each throne keeper? Pen asks as I pocket the key.
Yeah. When I saw the first one I thought I might need it someday.
Pen stands on the tips of her toes and kisses me.
What was that for? I ask as she pulls back.
She shrugs. I like you.
I grin, because what else can you do when a hot ninja angel tells you that she likes you.
Now that we are approaching the twelfth layer, I feel a new determination in me, to keep moving forward, to reach Abner and finish this journey. Lennox said that the layers would be getting worse, but what could be harder than fighting a clone of yourself?





20 KINETA

There is a very large, very real fountain before us. Like one you would see in the middle of a park. There is a forest surrounding the fountain. The water that is coming from the center of the fountain rises so high it goes above the trees. The sky is blue. It is a muted blue green, but still brighter than any of the previous layers.
Lennox leads us through the trees until we reach the treeline, and he stops and puts his finger against his lips to silence us from saying anything. Something tan is ahead, and I can hear more water as Pen and I move closer.
Okay, so not what I was expecting. There is a gravel courtyard that spreads around a massive fountain with a long statue of a sea creature. Farther to the right is a large pool the size of a pond. There is a row of statues at the edge of the tree line as if they are guarding anyone against entering the trees. I can only see the backs, but they look like warriors with swords. The other thing that is very disturbing is that there are people everywhere; men in tuxedos, and women in gowns. It is startling seeing such normal looking people here.
The spouts begin flickering the water instead of a solid stream, and the people gather around the fountain as if drawn to it. They stare at it expectantly, and then the water stops and the dreamers open their arms to the fountain. Out of the statue in the center of the fountain come apparitions, dozens of them. Pen jerks back. I pull her against me and wrap my arms around her.
When an apparition enters a dreamer, the dreamer either laugh or makes a sound of ecstasy, but it sounds twisted. Almost as if the apparitions are forcing them to make those noises.
Ive seen enough, and I know Pen has too. We walk silently back toward the vigilantes in the trees. Lennox once told me that it was to the throne keeper that we must take our grievances. I want to meet this throne keeper. There is something sick and twisted going on here, and the sooner we destroy him, the sooner we can release the dreamers from horrors that they dont know are happening to them.
When we reach the vigilantes everything appears fine. They are standing around the fountain, but not too close. Some of them appear mesmerized by the water shooting up toward the blue sky while others clearly dont trust it. Without knowing why, I sense danger. Hearing a twig snap behind us makes me act. I grab a knife and turn around to throw it as a group of guards appear through the trees. The knife sails past one of their heads. His brows raise, but he says nothing. They surround us in every direction.
You are to come with us without resistance, one of the guards announces.
Lennox does not put up a fight. He agrees, and a part of me feels relieved. After the last layer, I am not feeling my best, and a battle, at this exact moment, could prove difficult for me.
As a group, we follow the head guard out of the trees, onto the gravel path. At the end of the path is a large, circular courtyard with another fountain, but this one has a statue of a woman in the center and water sprays up all around her. She has her arms out like she is conjuring up the water. The water bill of such a place has to be exorbitant, not that they have to pay bills in the rod. Beyond the fountain is a palace that looks almost 3D. The middle is poking out from the two sides that spread as far as I can see. There is no entrance gate, but thousands of windows. The head guard walks up to one of the tall windows and opens it.
As we gather in a massive conservatory with a glass domed roof, everything around us is either clear, crystals and glass, or blue. Blue carpets, blue walls, blue in every shade.
You are to wait here while I summon her supreme highness, the head guard says.
Lennox bows his head. Leora moves to stand next to Lennox. I havent spoken to her much, but knowing that there are two light keepers with us gives me a new confidence and determination to keep moving forward.
Doors at the top of a double staircase open and the head guard comes out. Vigilantes, I present to you her supreme highness, the sovereign of the layer of Enecta, her majesty Kineta.
The woman who walks through the open doors is startling. Her face is heavenly, but it is her killer arms that draw my gaze; muscular but in a feminine way. She walks forward in a slow procession, though shes not old. She looks no older than me. Maybe its her dress that makes it difficult for her to walk fast. The full skirt is like a puffy cloud and trails behind her. The top though, now that is something to draw the eye. Its strapless, tight and revealing. The only thing that detracts from her heavenly appearance is her hair. Its white and looks like cotton candy.
She makes a slow descent holding on to the arm of her guard, and her other hand runs along the rail. When she reaches the bottom steps, a blue, velvet love seat is brought forward. She sits, leaning one arm on the side and slouching her shoulders. Somehow she makes slouching look graceful.
One blue fingernail taps on her flawless chin as she studies us, pausing for a moment on certain members of the vigilantes. Her eyes rest on me and a slow smile forms on her puffy lips. She moves on to Pentaim, and her smile widens, but she doesnt focus on her longer than a few seconds. At Lennox, her eyes linger.
You, she says to Lennox in a sleepy voice, may kiss my hand.
Lennox moves forward, and Kineta reaches out to him. Lennox kisses the back of her hand, bowing over it.
May I say for us all that we are honored to be in the presence of so much beauty.
Her chin goes up in the air like some stuck up priss, but she moves her head in a disjointed way, so the effect is lost. You are, arent you. She giggles then withdraws her hand. You are all welcome to my kingdom, where beauty and relaxation are what we value most. She snaps her fingers and her head guard kneels beside her chair. Josot, these shall be our guests for as long as they choose. Make the arrangements.
My lady, if you will spare us a few moments of your precious time, there are some things we would like to speak with you about, Lennox says humbly, but it has the effect of making Kineta sigh audibly.
In time, dear Lennox, she says to him, then points straight at me. You.
People part knowing she is not pointing at them. I walk toward her, and when I reach her, I dont do anything to acknowledge that she is a ruler, because to me shes not.
The rest of you be gone, Kineta says, sounding like everything in her existence bores her. Josot and a few of his guards lead the vigilantes away toward a hall to the left of where we are. I watch them go. Do not worry, Kineta says, and I bring my attention back to her.
I dont, I say honestly, and she giggles again. Her laugh is not like other girls. Her voice is husky.
Do sit down. It is too fatiguing to have to look up at you.
I sit beside her on the love seat as a servant sets a crystal table before us. Kineta leans toward a silver dessert tray selecting one of the small cream and blue balls. She pops it in her mouth, and her eyes close. She moans a sound of pure ecstasy as the servant pours what looks like tea into two crystal cups and bows his way out of the conservatory. Feeling way too uncomfortable, I lean back against the velvet seat and allow my gaze to move over the dome and all the crystal. Chandeliers hang every ten feet, crystal lamps on tables, blue velvet chairs leaning against walls and doors with crystal knobs. It is an absurd place.
What are you thinking about, Josiah?
How much a place like this would cost to build and upkeep.
She giggles again. You are candid. I like that. To speak the truth, I do not know what it may cost. I never bother with such things. She eats another bonbon then flops her hand around to circle the room. All of this is mine because I say so. Wealth makes beauty, and beauty makes me happy.
If wealth and beauty make her happy, then do I strip her of both to end her reign? Someone like her cannot be that difficult to defeat. She looks completely lazy. As I take in Kineta, I feel a sliver of guilt. Shes not much older than me. What did she do to get to this place? She says that beauty makes her happy. Does she know about all the ugly, demented things going on in the other layers? Would she care if she did?
Wait just a second... You called me Josiah.
She casts me a look that says duh. Her blue eyes are bright, but her eyelids are droopy. She yawns. That is your name.
Do all the throne keepers know my name?
She leans against the arm of the seat and angles herself so she can watch me. We have all heard about you.
Oh boy. What have you heard?
She leans toward me until there are only a few inches between our faces. She looks like she could fall asleep at any moment, but as she speaks I hear the clear, fully awake tone of her voice, The truth.




21 FAMILY TIES


The truth? That I kill throne keepers? I hope not. That would spell disaster for all of us. You intrigue me, I say, adopting the same carefree attitude that she has. What have you heard?
After popping another bonbon in her mouth, she leans her head against the plush cushion of the chair. Your arrival has been foretold since I was a little girl. We were not supposed to listen, but when the elders spoke you had to listen.
Elders? Thats a new one. I have not heard of any elders, which means they are probably on Floriants side.
They spoke of a boy from a place called Earth who would come here and bring light to the darkness. He would be made of the sun, and he would defeat Floriant; if he could find him. Kineta smiles at me, flashing her very white teeth. I do not believe everything that I am told. As if handsome you could make light from your hands. She trills, holding her midsection then she reaches into the top of her dress and pulls out a handkerchief. She touches it to the edges of her eyes as if mopping up tears that are not there. She leans over and touches my shoulder. I do so like this material, and the color on you is magnifique.
I do not reply as her hand slides down to my bicep. Her lips purse as she places both of her hands around my arm.
You are so strong. You must exercise for hours. How fatiguing.
A laugh pops out before I can choke it off. A woman with hair like clouds is pressing her fingers around my arm.
After hearing that our clothes disappeared with a previous layer, Kineta laughs. Do you want to know how I knew you would arrive? She looks over her shoulder then back in a conspiratorial way. Your things arrived. One minute I am alone, and the next a pile of black baggage arrived in my throne room.
That means that my clothes, the tavin, my knives, they all should be here. For the first time since seeing this layer, I smile.
The vigilantes begin to trickle back into the conservatory, some still wearing their dresses from Nikolais layer, but most have changed into their vigilante clothes. Pen walks into the room like a woman on a mission. She stops when she sees me seated beside Kineta, and her expression changes to relief. It fills me with all kinds of good feelings to know that she was worried about me. She has changed back into her military clothes, but shes no less beautiful. She stands near one of the walls, far enough that she will not alarm Kineta, but close enough that she can hear what is being said.
Tell me, Josiah, what do you think of my kingdom?
What I think is that it is more than anyone needs. You could house an entire town and still have rooms left. Blue may be my favorite color, but this is taking it to an extreme. The exterior reminds me of a palace I once saw in a picture. It reminds me of something I have seen in my world.
Versailles, Kineta says with a pleased nod of her head.
Thats it. How do you know about Versailles?
You would be amazed at the things I know. She waves her hand to incorporate the palace. I had this modeled after Versailles in honor of Marie Antoinette who loved beautiful things as much as I.
Im not going to freak out just because a throne keeper has seen something from my world. It does not mean that she has been there, or can go there. Surely Abner has enough control wherever he is to keep that from happening.
Some of my sisters thought it too much for the youngest. My sisters think they are so superior. I wish my siblings were extinguished, she says, and I feel my mouth drop open. She gives me a coy smile and bursts into laughter again. Do not look so shocked. I assure you they are positively evil.
Then I have to be at the top of my game because I highly doubt she did not inherit the same evil traits as her siblings. She may appear lazy, but I guarantee that she has some fire inside her if you make her angry enough to show it.
Kineta leans against my arm and lays a hand on my shoulder. I do believe that Pentaim is jealous. Look at the way she pretends not to be listening to us, Kineta whispers in my ear.
Pentaim is my guardian. Pen may be my girlfriend now, which makes me happier than Ive ever been in my life, but we cant announce it to the world. The throne keepers would use my feelings for her against me.
Kineta says nothing but looks toward Pen whose cheeks are on fire, and her hands are fists at her sides. Kineta says nothing else about Pen being jealous, but that is all I can think about. Pens my girlfriend; she has to know there is no reason for her to be jealous.
I catch Kinetas eyes on me before she turns to a man who appears beside her chair. Something lively exists in Kinetas eyes as she calls for Pen to join us. Pentaim, I would like for you to meet, Ruvale. He is one of my treets.
Treet? The man standing beside Kineta is built like a roman soldier on movies, bare-chested and wearing leather pants that look more like a second skin. He doesnt appear to me like someone with much in his think box. Other than a cursory glance, Pen pays him no heed. Her eyes are on Kineta.
Im not sure I understand what you mean by treet, Pen says slowly, cautiously.
Why, a feast for the eyes, dear girl. I have numerous ones around here, but Ruvale is my favorite, Kineta says, stroking his arm with one finger. He flexes his biceps and his six pack abs.
You mean that you have a fleet of men whose job it is to stand around so your visitors can stare at them? Pen asks incredulously.
No. They taste good too, Kineta says then winks at me.  Show her, Ruvale.
Ruvale stands in front of Pen, about a good six inches taller than her. Pen takes a step back, but Ruvale grabs her and presses his mouth against hers.
Rage, deep and hot, erupts inside me, and I jump to my feet. Pen is trying to push Ruvale back, but his arms are on her hips holding her against him. I try not to overreact, not to create the light that Kineta thinks I cannot make, and blast his butt across the room. I grab Ruvales shoulders and pull him away from Pen. I pull my arm back, a tight fist forming and a dark haze of anger spinning around my head.
Wait, Josiah. Pen gets between me and the treet, her hands against my chest. Dont. He was following orders.
My jaw is grinding. I say nothing as I step back.
Well, well. Only your guardian, Josiah? Kineta crows from behind me. I turn to her and excuse myself. Grabbing Pens hand, I guide her into one of the many halls that lead from the conservatory.
Are you angry? Pen asks when we are alone in the wide hall.
Of course Im angry, I fume. Not only did I come a second from blasting that guy into the next layer and exposing my power, but I just revealed my feelings to Kineta. Now she holds the advantage knowing where my feelings lay. I release Pens hand and lean against a blue wall running a hand through my hair.
Youre cute when youre jealous, Pen says, then closes her eyes and bites her lip. Color covers her cheeks and even her earlobes.
She thinks Im cute? Like puppy dog cute? That is not what I want her to think about me. Cute? Is that it?
Pen takes a step toward me. The wall behind her is all windows and the light shining through gives her hair an ethereal appearance. Handsome, intimidating, sexy, take your pick.
Both of my eyebrows shoot up as a lot of really good, really dangerous feelings move through me. You think Im sexy?
Pen takes another step and the tips of our boots touch. There is a boldness that I have not seen before in both Pens eyes and her stance. I like it. A whole lot.
Yes. Especially when you are jealous.
I lean forward but dont touch her. My mouth is level with hers and only a few inches separate us. You should know then that I was crazy jealous.
Pen moves another inch, eating up the distance between us. Fighting my first impulse to grab her and show her exactly how jealous I was, I take my time with my words, emboldened by Pens obvious want. You dont deserve a man who will slobber all over you. I still dont touch her, but I lean in so that my next words are spoken against her ear. You deserve a man who will take his time making sure you know with each touch, each look just how much he wants you.
A shiver shakes her, and I smile. I slowly lean back, running my cheek against hers. When I break the connection, her eyes are closed. She sways a little. I lightly grasp her waist and tug her toward me. She comes willingly. I dont kiss her, not here in the hall where we could be interrupted at any moment. When I kiss her again, I want us to be completely alone so I can take my time. I lay my hands against her back as she leans into me, her head resting on my shoulder.
Its a good thing for me then that you have already secured that job. Her words come out muffled as part of her mouth is against my shirt. Pen raises her head and looks straight into my eyes.
It is not a job, Pen. Being with you could never be work.
She smiles, and I no longer care who comes upon us. My mouth moves toward hers. Anticipation, excitement, heat, and chills all move along my body vying for supremacy. As my forehead touches hers, anticipation definitely takes the top spot. I dont close my eyes, and neither does she. Its like we want the same thing, to see everything. Our top lips touch, and I think I might burn from the heat.
A throat clears from down the hall, and I groan.
Do you think theyll go away if we pretend not to see them? Pen asks, doing nothing to keep her voice down.
Come along, lovebirds, you are needed, Lennox says, making me groan again. It would be Lennox who finds us like this, again.
Im the first to pull back, but I lock my hands on her waist. Did Lennox just call us lovebirds? Lennox is not smiling, but he is amused. He waves for us to follow him into one of the rooms and I let go of Pen.
Des, Blaze, Carsh, and Leora are waiting in a massive bedroom when we enter. I lead Pen to a love seat so we can sit together.
Now, let us get to it. Josiah, what are you going to do to conquer this layer? Lennox asks me directly.
I have no idea. I cant tell Lennox that and definitely not the others. They dont know that I go into each throne room having no plan and that it takes half the time Im there to get a firm idea of what to do. Each layer is different as are the throne keepers. It would be so much easier if they were the same, but life is hardly easy. I tell them what Kineta told me about her family, about her palace, but they have never heard of Versailles. Only Pen shows a sign of interest. Finally, I tell them what I think could defeat her. Des has formed a different plan. He wants to blast her away, which seems to be his M.O. Action first, think last.
We must proceed with caution. Already, are the vigilantes feeling the effects of this layer. They do not act as they should. They are spending their time sleeping or disagreeing over trivialities. Lark likes Kineta. Begged me to allow us to stay here. Lennox looks straight at me. That is not like her. Find a way to finish this, and we will help in any way we can.
Des storms out in a huff after Lennox agrees to let me do things my way. Overall, a typical meeting.
The first thing is to get you some new clothes, Pen says when we are alone, and I smile my agreement. I dont like walking around in this old fashioned getup. Pen leads me down the hall to a door that opens to a large bedroom. The tavin, my knives, and my clothing are all lying on a large bed. Grabbing my clothes, I head into the bathroom to change. When I rejoin Pen, she nods her approval. I strap on my harness, not wanting to let it out of my sight again.
In the conservatory, Kineta is being led toward the glass door by her treet. She pauses when she sees us. There you are. Josiah, I would like your assistance. She holds out her hand. Pen nods and steps back, but she watches us as we exit the palace. We head to an east garden, walking by some unique flower beds in the shapes of different animals. Kineta releases my arm to walk into a circular garden with a lily pond. She opens a bag that I did not see her carrying and begins throwing something into the water.
Tell me about Deseronto the lightning warrior. She is calm but forthright. She dusts her hands on a towel that one of her servants who followed us out is holding. I am of a mind to make him my new treet. What do you think of that?
For a full minute, I stare. What do I think? I think that she would be in for a surprise that would knock her lethargy away. If she tries it, I think we will all be in for a surprise and not the good kind.
Kineta walks around the lily pond and motions me to join her. She looks me over and shudders. Why do you dress in such unbecoming colors? My sister Sheela would have some horrible remarks about your attire. You would not long wear such clothing in her presence.
What would she do, strip me? I ask, half joking, but Kineta does not laugh.
If she thought it would improve your appearance, yes.
Okay, stay away from Sheela.
Kineta throws more seeds into the pond and leans over it. The water bubbles, then smoothes out, and images appear in the water. Haughty, mocking, angry faces flash in the pool, before changing into action images. A war, people falling dead from apparition attacks, then an army appears through a white fog, led by six women. They defeat the apparition army and heal all the dead, and those people rise. It all flashes by so fast that I dont have time to get a good look at the people, but they all have similar features to Kineta.
As you may have discerned, those are my sisters. They wanted me to join the battle, but I could not. How fatiguing would that be? She takes my arm, and we walk together around the pond. Do you think me spineless? I could have fought. My sisters do not believe that, but I could have.
I dont believe her, so I say nothing. The way she moves around the palace, the way she lays around doing nothing but eating, the way she waves away things like they are too much for her to think about, all proves that she could not have survived a war. She would have stood there and let the apparitions strike her down, just like the dreamers in this layer.
Let us turn indoors, this heat is too much. She keeps a hold on my arm as we leave the garden and walk toward the palace. When we enter, she lets go of me and fastens herself to Dess arm. She has him help her up the stairs to her chamber. Before she disappears inside the room, she sends me a very pointed wink.
Des is in for a surprise.




22 FOUNTAINS


Do you think Des will do something stupid? I ask as I sit beside Pen on my bed. With the vigilantes exploring the palace, this is the only place we could find some privacy.
Pen sits with her legs tucked under her and her arms resting on her knees. No. Des does many tactless things, but he knows the significance of defeating the throne keepers. Do you know yet what you are going to do?
I shake my head as I lean against the large headboard. There are so many inconsistencies to Kineta that I dont know what to do.
You will.
Her faith in me is unwavering, like she knows my strengths better than I do. Even when she was angry at me in Trowes layer, she still never gave up on me, which is one of the many reasons I like her.
Ive been meaning to ask, how can you understand their language if youre not from here?
She runs her finger along the flat side of her knife. She looks thoughtful, almost sad. Much can be accomplished in twenty years.
Can you teach me?
Yes, if you are willing to learn. Abners language can only be taught to those with a willing heart and an ear to hear. You must step out of what you have been taught in our world, and be open to the truth that all of this is real.
So, we arent in a dream? Are we in an alternate universewait, are we in the Bermuda triangle?
She laughs, like really laughs, and all I can do is stare like an idiot because Ive never seen her so...happy. Her arm is pressed against her middle as she wipes at the tears falling down her cheeks. I love you so much. As soon as the words leave her lips all laughter stops. Her eyes widen, but they cant be larger than mine. She loves me.
A wildfire spreads through my veins and there is no stopping it. Pen loves me.
We stare at each other for a second before she leaps from the bed and heads for the door. No you dont! I jump up and reach the door as she opens it. I slam my hand against it and force it closed.
Pen
Dont! She jerks away from my hand, her cheeks bright pink. She stomps toward my window and leans her head against the glass. Im moving through unchartered waters here, having never told a girl that I love her before, but Pen is not just a girl. Pen is my ninja guardian angel. Moving slowly, I walk up behind her.
Pen, will you look at me? She doesnt acknowledge me. Please.
Her body rises and falls in a sigh, and she slowly turns and meets my eyes. Shes a warrior; shes the strongest, bravest, most self-assured woman that Ive ever met, but in this moment, I can see her uncertainty.
Did you mean it?
She holds my gaze, her chin rising. I never say things I dont mean.
I step toward her and reach my hand up to touch her cheek. Her eyes close as she leans her cheek against my palm. Ive never been in love before, but I know without a doubt that I love Pen. I love you too.
Her eyes open and theres a look of shock on her face. Why? She snaps her mouth shut, but the emotion in that one word surprises me and my hand slips from her face. She wants to know why? Shes amazing. Shes strong; shes determined; shes the warmth in an otherwise cold world.
She meets my stunned gaze, and her determined look takes over. Why would you love me? Youre the proxy, and what am I? A girl in a coma who can heal everyone except herself. Dont love me, Si. Im not worth it.
WHAT? Thats a lie, Pentaim! I say, nearly shouting, and she winces. I soften my voice, but Im still angry over her words, and Im not about to let it go. I place my hands on her cheeks, holding her face, so she has to look into my eyes. You are everything. Youre smart, brave, strong, as sexy as it gets, and you believed in me when I had no hope. How could I not love you? I step closer until were touching. I lean my forehead down to hers. Youre totally worth it, Pen. Youre my light. Her breaths are shaky, and leaning back to look at her beautiful face, there are tears in her eyes. Can I kiss you?
Her smile is sweet, intimate, almost mischievous. Absolutely.
I slowly lower my head, watching her. She tilts her chin up, so her mouth is closer. I eliminate the space between us.
As soon as my lips touch hers, the wildfire spreads, covering my body in a nearly uncontrollable desire. My hands move from Pens cheeks to her neck and hair. Her small hands slide down my chest, and when she reaches the hem of my shirt she slips her hands under my shirt against my skin. I pull my mouth away and tug off my shirt, tossing it away, then capture her lips again. Her hands are soft, tentative as they explore my stomach, chest, and it sends me over the edge. That my strong ninja warrior is hesitant, almost shy with me, gives me a new confidence. Im in control, and I like it. I back her up until shes against the window as my lips explore her lips, jaw, neck. She moans as my lips touch the sensitive skin between her neck and shoulders. My hands move to her waist, my fingers brushing across the exposed skin between her shirt and her pants as my lips find hers again. Theres a hungry intensity to the way she kisses me; as if I am what she has been needing.
She pushes away from the window, and we stumble backwards. Shes guiding me as her lips part for me to taste her. My legs bump into my mattress, and we fall back. Her forehead smacks against my nose, and she laughs as she apologizes. Ignoring the tiny stabs of pain in my nose, I grab her hips and pull her up so I can reach her mouth. Her hands slide over my chest as mine pull up the hem of her shirt.
A pounding sounds somewhere in the room. It sounds again, and with a frustrated growl, I pull my head back. Pen knocks me into stupidity when she pulls me back to her, her hands running over my shoulders, into my hair, but the pounding is ceaseless. I growl again.
Whoever is on the other side of that door is two seconds away from being lit up like a Christmas tree.
Pentaim laughs softly as I release her so she can climb off of me. After a few deep breaths and a few more knocks on the door, I stand and walk to the door.
Si, Pen says, and when I twist around, she throws my shirt at me. Grinning, I pull it over my head. When I open the door, Des is on the other side, and hes scowling, big surprise.
Took you long enough, he says as he stomps past me into my room. Rolling my eyes, I close the door and lean against it as Des paces my room. Pen has straightened her shirt and is leaning against the window with her arms crossed. We exchange a heated look across the room, and Des stops. I wasnt interrupting anything was I? Not that he would care.
Nothing that we cant pick up later, I say, winking at Pen. Des looks from Pen to me then shakes his head.
Do you know what that woman wants from me? My body! Des looks a minute from going psycho on Kineta. His brown hair is sticking up at all ends like he has spent time pulling on it. He makes his hands into fists and holds them until they are pale white, and then he releases them. And to make matters worse, those treets of hers, theyre apparitions. I just extinguished two of them who attacked some dreamers in the courtyard.
Pen pushes away from the window, a look of disgust curling her lips. I dont wonder about it; an apparition kissed her.
You better have a plan because she wants an answer by the time the shadows lift, he says, pointing at me. Now, theres something I want to show both of you. Des waits while we pull on our boots and harnesses, and we follow him out of my room, and down the hall to a glass door. The shadows have not fallen yet, but Id say we are close. Des leads us down a path to one of the larger gardens that has a large lake in the middle of it. There are several statues in the lake. Pen pulls out her sundial, and when she looks up at me, I know why Des has brought us here. Its feeding time.
A bell tolls from the statues and dreamers appear through the trees and down the paths stopping at the edge of the lake. They extend their arms and out of the mouths of the statues come white apparitions.
For a moment, I just stand here and watch, too stunned to move. The dreamers are welcoming the apparitions. The apparitions dont dance around, jumping from one person to the next as they did the last time I witnessed a feeding time. These enter one and stay in them as the person laughs, then moans, then cries, then screams. Only when the screaming ends do the apparitions leave them and move to the next. The dreamer crumples to the ground twitching.
Disgust and outrage boil inside me and I feel the light trying to form, but I break state and reach for the tavin. I switch it on and run forward. I strike down two apparitions before Pen and Des join me. Pen starts hurling knives toward the apparitions as Des uses both of his fire swords to slice through as many as he can. The apparitions dont attack us. Something much worse happens.
They enter the dreamers, and the dreamers start to attack us.
A couple of guys surround me, and I start to swing the tavin blades at them, but Pen screams at me to stop. She speaks in Abners language and touches the back of each guy, and they drop as the apparitions leave them. Des and Pen stab each apparition before Pen grabs my hand and pulls me down the path toward the palace. The dreamers who are still taken over by the apparitions chase us until we come upon a line of palace guards. The dreamers stop then turn and walk calmly back toward the lake.
The guards hold swords with wicked jagged edges at us. A bell bangs from inside the fountain and the remaining apparitions disappear back into the statues. I lower the tavin, but raise my other hand in surrender. Pens hands are up, but Des keeps his hold on his flaming swords. Dess blue eyes are brighter than usual; I dont know if its from the flames or something much more dangerous. Pen whispers something that I cannot make out, and Des turns off the flames. He places the swords back in his harness, and we are led into the palace.
They do not stop in the conservatory but lead us up the stairs and into the room at the top of the stairs. It is Kinetas throne room. The walls are a mixture of light and dark blue making up a night sky, and there are thousands of stars that flicker dull, white lights. In the center of the room, there are clouds, fluffy white like Kinetas hair, and in the center of the clouds there is a white leather chair with silver accents. Kineta is seated upon it, eating bonbons from the table that is placed beside her chair. There is a silver tea set on the table, and she pours a yellow liquid into her cup.
I understand that you three have been disturbing my fountains. Kineta looks up, and her gaze runs over each of us.
Those were no fountains, Des says, his voice booming and cracking like lightning and thunder.
Kineta lowers the teapot and leans back in her chair. Her eyelids are droopy again, and she looks at us through half open eyes. Deseronto, the lightning warrior. She looks him over as if she is staring at one of her treets then she giggles. As you say. Now, it is time to eat. Adjourn to the banquet hall.
She looks back to her little table, and I know we are dismissed. We turn toward the door, but Kineta speaks again. The next time you will not be so fortunate.
We do not turn to her as the guards usher us out and down the stairs. They lead us to the left wing of the palace, and into a banquet room that is the size of the conservatory. A table that is long enough to serve a few hundred people is in the middle of the powder blue room. There are marble fireplaces at each end of the room, and the chairs are silver and blue. When we sit at the table with the rest of the vigilantes, Pen tells me why she didnt want me to attack the dreamers.
If a dreamer dies here, they die at home. The doctors will think it was a heart attack, but the result is the same.
So if you or I die here, we cant go home? She nods, biting her bottom lip. Well...well just have to make sure that doesnt happen, I say and Pen smiles.
Right.
The food spread across the table is a work of art. I dont know what most of it is. There are rainbow colored soups, fish that do not look like any fish from my world, roasted fowl, and sweets everywhere.
I lean toward Pen. Do you think it is poisoned?
Only one way to find out. She picks up a bonbon and holds it between two fingers. She looks it over like a scientist would inspect a rare species.
As I glance down the table at the other vigilantes, theres a glaze to their faces. I grab the bonbon from where Pen is raising it to her mouth and crush it in my hand.
What are you doing? she demands. I point at the vigilantes.
Its the food. Its making them like Kineta.
Pen shifts in her chair and whispers to Des. He shoves his plate away then removes Fias plate from in front of her. The four of us stand, and I motion to Lennox to follow us. We meet in my room and tell him about the food and the dreamers.
You understand, dont you? I say as the realization strikes me. The loss of energy, the way Kineta lays around all day, and even when she walks she has to hold on to someone to keep her from falling over, but shes not frail? I see understanding dawn on their faces. Kineta is sloth.




23 ENERGY

Lennox, Pen, and Des formed a plan to attack Kineta in the morning when everyone has slept off their lethargy. Pen and Lennox went to tell the rest of the vigilantes what was going on. Pen told me she would come back as soon as she can. I decide to take a walk since waiting in my room would drive me crazy.
The halls are all the same, blue carpet, and pictures of Kineta covering the walls. She had the same fluffy white hair as a child. There are no pictures of her family, but then there wouldnt be if she dislikes them as much as she says.
Turning a corner to another hall, I stop. There is a pair of midnight blue doors with a carving of an ornate arch. The arch is decorated with crystals that look like flowers. I lean my ear against the door, but I cant hear anything, so I press on the door because it does not have a door handle. The doors slide open, and I step into a round room. The ceiling has thousands of bubbles. A giant globe shines above the center of the room. It is clear and round like a globe. Blue lights spark inside the ball and then the sparks start shooting out of the ball; up and down, across the room, encircling the air in thin bands of light. It is like staring at a constellation of light. I reach out in front of me, and iridescent sparkles cover my hand. Small pin-pricks cover my hand, but they dont hurt. The sparkles expand from my hand up my arm and then surround my body. A change occurs inside me. I feel...energized.
This is not a room of light. This is a room of energy.
The doors open behind me, and guards stand in the hallway led by Josot. You must come with us. Her highness wishes to speak with you.
When I step into the hall, guards line up on each side of me like Im a prisoner, which I probably am, though they make no move to take my harness.
Kineta is on her throne when I am pushed into her chamber, and surrounding her are apparitions. She flicks up her hand, and a blast of air sweeps past me, blowing my hair around. The door slams shut behind me. Apprehension starts to set it, but I keep my gaze straight ahead, focusing on Kineta and her court. Im not going to let her intimidate me. So what if she can use the air element. I can make light with my hands.
Kinetas apparitions are different from any I have previously fought. These are wearing navy blue robes that reach the floor, and they are not ugly. No, these are attractive. These are the treets.
Kineta is smiling in her bored way. You had to put your nose where it does not belong. Now you must reap the consequences.
She snaps her fingers and her treets start toward me. I grab the tavin and twist it on. It attaches to my hand as the first treet reaches me. He swings at me; I deflect his arm with the tavin and use a knife to stab him. Beneath his robe, he is wearing the same leather pants as Ruvale, and he is shirtless. He bursts into ash that falls onto the floor. I throw a knife into a treet then swing the tavin into a third.
One of them sweeps my legs out from under me, and I fall on my back. He tries to stomp on my head, but I roll. Another kicks me in the side, and I cringe, but I get a knife from my jacket and stab his foot. He screams and hops three times before he becomes a pile of ash. The treet who tried to stomp on me gets his foot on my stomach, and he presses down hard. I stab him with the tavin, and as soon as his pressure on my stomach lessens, I get out from under him and roll into a crouched position with my back to one of the walls. I pull out another knife. I know I only have three left, so I have to make them count.
There are six of them left, but Ruvale is standing beside Kineta so he will be the last that I have to fight. Five of them are moving in around me. I pick the one in the middle and let him have the full force of my knife. It hits him in the stomach sinking in all the way to the handle. He reaches down for the knife and pulls it out. Light bursts through the hole where the knife was. It fills the rest of him, his eyes, his mouth, his fingertips, his toes. It is freaky watching him burst into light because he looks like a human. His companions were momentarily, stunned, but now they come at me. One grabs me around the neck and shoves me against the wall. I wait, not fighting because I know what is coming. The light reaches the second, then the third. It fills them like dominos falling. When the light hits the one against me, his hand warms around my throat. One moment his hand is against me, and the next its gone.
Talk about creepy. Ive seen a ton of them disappear, but never so close to me.
All five are gone. That has to be the most effective tool I have after forming light with my hands. Thanks for that, Abner.
Ruvale leaps off the cloud platform and comes at me with his arms swinging. I throw my hand up, and the tavin moves for his chest. He dodges it with the speed of a whirlwind. He appears beside me and knocks me forward. I stumble a few steps and right myself. His foot kicks my back, and pain explodes through my spine. As I land on my knees, I force myself to focus through the pain. I try to stand, but he kicks me again, this time with so much force that I fall flat on my face. He lands on my back and a shout leaves my throat as excruciating pain zips along my spine. My vision goes black, and for a second there is no pain. As my eyes open, fire and pain take over. Moisture fills my eyes as I clamp my mouth shut, shouting through gritted teeth. There is too much pain. Hot breath presses against my cheek as Ruvale leans close.
Such a pity. He runs his finger across my cheek, and I want more than anything to be able to destroy him. All of this could have been avoided.
Grossed out, I try to move, but a force of breathtaking, sanity stealing pain charges through me. There has to be a way out of this, other than death. I dig through my scattered thoughts, searching for something useful. The words that Pentaim spoke over me begin to play over and over in my mind. What they mean, I dont know, but she was able to heal me, and I was able to heal her with them, so when Ruvale pulls back I say them.
Calacatemayno shenay faiteabo.
Ruvale scrambles off of me, covering his ears with his hands. His behavior is strange, but I know its due to the words, so I say them louder.
Calacatemayno shenay faiteabo.
Ruvale hisses at me to stop. He is cringing and making throaty noises, so I know something is happening. With as much energy as I can muster I yell the words. Calacatemayno shenay faiteabo!
My back pops along my spine, like stretching after sleep. With each pop, the pain lessens until it is gone completely. I push myself up as Ruvale slithers around on the floor. His eyes have turned black, and his teeth are fangs. His arms are stuck at his sides.
As he slithers, I see whats happening to him, but I have a hard time believing it. Scales start to form along his body. He looks gray, and I dont mean the sick kind. Hes turning into a snake.
Jumping up, I run forward and stab him with the tavin, forcing it into him as far as I can so that I know it will destroy him. He hisses out some nasty things. I pull the tavin from him and step back. He slithers around in a circle. Light begins where his legs were, now only a tail. It builds, running up his slick body until it reaches his head that is not fully reptilian yet. His eyes turn white, and as he hisses at me, light comes from his mouth. I turn my eyes away as the light finishes him off.
Well, that was...disturbing, Kineta says, still seated upon her throne.
Her eyes are partially hooded, and she yawns against her hand. Something flickers in her eyes, excitement, or determination, Im not sure which. You are such a special little proxy. I must admit, I thought it would take much longer for you to reach my layer than sixteen shadows, considering that it has taken your friends twenty solstices to defeat six layers. She smiles at me without any trace of lethargy on her face. But, you will not defeat me, for I...am Machs empress.
I shrug, aiming for an air of unconcern. So what if you are, Ive defeated five throne keepers, and no offense, but all of them were scarier than you.
You think so do you? Her brows raise as amusement covers her.
I lean forward. I know so.
She grins, and I grin back. Its not until she opens her hand that I doubt my own words. I leap out of the way as her hand releases a blue and white ball the size of a bowling ball toward where I was standing. It has the same blue sparks inside it that were in the globe.
Kineta sends another ball my way. I drop down to my stomach as the ball flies over my head. Another one comes at me, and I roll across the floor. As it hits where I was, a blue line of electricity forms on the floor before it fizzles out. She keeps them coming, and all she is doing is flicking her hand toward me, and they fly from her. She is even reclining in her chair as I dodge her energy balls.
She giggles as she pulls her fingers in and snaps them out and a ball flies from her hand. She does those in quick successions as I move around the room trying to avoid them. One skims my leg and burns through my pants, leaving a pink mark like new skin. She is aiming for my chest every time, which has to mean that if it hits me it will be fatal, or worse. It could paralyze me, so she could deliver me to Floriant.
She shoots another one toward me, and Im not fast enough to dodge it, but I raise the tavin to guard my chest, and the ball bounces off the tavin. It flies through the row of balls that she is throwing, and strikes her in the chest. She hunches over, screaming as it sinks into her. When its gone, she sits up and stares at me.
Even from where Im standing, I can see that her dark blue eyes have lightened. An idea forms in my head. Kineta uses both hands, one after another, to send energy balls toward me. I use the tavin as a bat to hit them back at her. Some, she deflects by hitting it point blank with another ball, but, a second hits her in the same place as before. Her eyes lighten again to a pale blue. I hit a third, then a fourth into her, but she never moves from her chair, she never stands. Its as if she is glued to that chair. One grazes my arm, and I groan, but deflect one that should have hit my chest. Steely determination rises within me. I will win this game.
She shoots ten at me, one after another, and one of those I sink back into her; the rest fly around the room. Anywhere they hit leaves a blue mark for a few seconds. She throws two more at me and the first one I hit but the second one I miss. It hits the wall behind me. She raises her head after that last hit, and all the blue is gone from her eyes. They are pure, solid white. Even though she looks totally wicked, she casts me a look of resignation and sends one more at me. I am ready for it, and using the tavin, I hit it like a baseball. She opens her arms to welcome it just like the dreamers did the apparitions. The seventh one hits her chest, and I expect her to keep going, but she doesnt. She slumps in her chair and slips off onto the cloud-looking platform that holds her throne. Her head is resting against the chair, and her eyes are closed. I step closer, but keep the tavin up in case shes faking. I reach the edge of the clouds. I reach the tavin out before me to touch her. Her white eyes pop open, and I jump back.
She gives me her bored smile, and with her droopy eyelids half covering her white eyes, she opens her mouth. Say hello to my sisters for me. You will be seeing them soon.
She closes her eyes, and a spark flies from her chest. When more follow, they have me backing up, but then, I see the key. Its small and gold hanging on a chain around her neck. Reaching forward, I take it from her as more sparks fly. When I reach the throne room door, I pull it open, and pause.
Pentaim and all the vigilantes are in the conservatory, and as soon as I get the door open all the way, she runs toward me, wrapping both her arms and legs around me when she reaches me. I stumble back, but keep us upright and I hold on tight to her for a moment. Something more than just relief at defeating the throne keeper unleashes in my stomach.
Someone claps from inside the throne room. I lower Pen to the ground, and slowly turn. Can I not catch a break?
Mach.




24 PROXY

You are becoming a nuisance, Josiah Foreman, Mach says from his place on the throne. Kineta is gone and all the sparks of light with her.
So is the way you say my name every time you talk to me. I get that you like me, Mach, but honestly, its getting old.
Machs lips curl into his grinch smile. You think youre special.
Well...yeah. I did just destroy your empress.
Mach throws his head back and laughs like he did when I first arrived in the garnering. And like then, he stops abruptly. The thing that you need to learn about women, Josiah, is that they are unpredictable at best. You should always hedge your bets.
So Kineta wasnt his empress.
Lennox lights up his fire sword and steps into the throne room pointing the flames at Mach.
Mach turns his attention to Lennox, grinning. Ah, the great Lennox. How long has it been since we last fought against one another?
Since the day you lead the charge against the light keepers, against my siblings, Lennox says and my eyes snap to him. I believe that your light has shone long enough, Lennox says to Mach.
Machs mouth is a combination of sneer and smile. You cannot do it. You couldnt then, and you cant now.
That is where you are wrong. You slaughtered my family. I will snuff out your existence like the low light you are and lose not a moment of peace over it, Lennox says calmly, but his demeanor assures us that he speaks the truth.
Machs hand raises and a knife releases, flying straight for Lennox. I start to shout, but Im pushed aside as wind knocks me over. I hit the door, but right myself as Lark starts to scream.
Leora is leaning against Lennox, wobbling, then drops to her knees. The knife is sticking out of her back.
Des growls like a wild animal and charges forward. Mach raises his hand and Des flies back and through the open throne room door, smashing into the vigilantes trying to crowd into the room.
Lennox jerks toward Mach with his super speed and Mach disappears and reappears on the other side of the throne room with his own sword in his hand. Lennox and Mach start fighting, and Pen and I run toward Leora. Pen leans down and pulls out the knife then lays her hands over the wound.
Lark starting forward snaps me back into the moment. I grab her, wrapping my arms around her waist and pulling her back. I cant let her try to attack Mach. Mach disappears from where he was fighting Lennox, and a wall of blue flames form, separating the vigilantes from him, Pen, and Leora.
Mach grabs Pen from behind and places a knife against her throat. All over the room the vigilantes are still, but my heart is beating me, demanding that I rescue her.
Mach caresses Pens cheek with one finger while she stands there, staring straight at me.
Beautiful is she not, Mach says. I call it poetic justice that she can save everyone, but herself. Nor can she save Leora. Mach throws his knife into Leoras newly healed back.
The vigilantes, seeing this, go crazy. Fia and Blaze are shooting fire and air, and the rest are shooting their crossbows or throwing knives at the wall of flames.
Four doors open and apparitions fly in, swiping at the vigilantes. I force Lark behind me and back us up toward the wall as apparitions come toward us. They are all white, so I pull out my knives. Together, Lark and I sling knives into their ugly bodies, destroying the fifteen that are coming toward us.
A couple of the vigilantes are knocked down, and apparitions enter them, but do not make them scream. They do not torment them by dreams or thoughts; it is more physical than that. They do what they did to the dreamers, making them rise and start attacking the vigilantes around them. I give Lark the rest of my knives and run toward Tallie, who is one of them taken hostage by an apparition. Her back is to me, so I wrap my arms around her in a bear hug, trapping her arms at her sides. She writhes, trying to break free. Two guys come to my aid, and we get Tallie on the ground. As they hold her down, I lean close to her face. Her eyes are black, but her expression isnt blank. She hisses at me and tries to bite me. Blaze shoves her forehead down, and I say the same words that I used against the treet. She cringes, screaming insults at me, but I keep it up until the screams turn more human and less creature. Finally, the thing cannot hold on against my attack and releases Tallie. As soon as it is out, the vigilantes destroy it. Tallie is bawling from whatever fears the thing caused in her. One of the guys picks her up, carrying her out of the throne room.
I turn toward Lark, but shes not where I left her. Looking around, I find her, and a spasm of alarm forces me to my feet. Lark runs at one of the walls and climbs it like she did in the seventh layer. She pushes off and leaps through the air over the flames, landing in a crouched position behind Mach. Lark looks up and flings her dark hair back. Her expression promises death to Mach. I have to get over there.
Thinking quick, I remember the mixture of fire and light and what it does, so I try that. Building up the sol, I send it into the blue flames, and the mixture creates a hole just big enough for me to fit. I run through and land on the other side a second before the hole closes. Pen and Lark are fighting Mach. I start for them, but Mach throws up his hands then swishes them down, making an x like my clone did in the last layer. He throws his hand forward, and the force hits Lark and Pen, throwing them through the air. I build up sol and throw it at Mach. It hits his side. The wall of flames fall, and he turns toward me. I start pulling in energy, building sol. A gust of air hits me, wrapping around my throat like a hand. Mach raises his hands and shakes them, and my body shakes the same way. He throws his hands up and my body flies in the air, slamming against the ceiling. Im choking; my brain feels like it will explode as I fight against the invisible force wrapped around my throat.
As it lessens, I look down, and Lennox has his hands are around Machs throat. The force holding me up dissolves and I fall, gasping and clenching my body for the pain that will come when I hit the ground. It doesnt come. I hit a pocket of air a foot from the ground. Blaze grabs my shoulders and helps me to stand as Fia turns her air on the apparitions.
I run toward Pen. She is still laying on the ground, and panic curls around my heart. When I reach her, she is staring toward the wall. I kneel beside her, and she appears unhurt, but she doesnt look at me. Her hand is stretched out, and I trace the long, slender line. She is holding Larks hand. Lark is covered in dark blood. I dont know where her wound is because I cant see it, but the way her body is shaking, I know its bad. I move around Pen and kneel beside Lark, my hands tightening, my eyes searching for the wound. Her eyes blink at me several times, and a sob comes from her followed by a spasm and a body shaking scream. I tear off my harness and coat, placing my coat beneath her head.
Where are you hurt, Lark? I need to know. I try to feel around her gently, but there are no wounds. I dont know what this means, and I am starting to freak.
Inside, she rasps out. Im on fire.
Pen will heal you, Lark. I turn to Pen who is still holding Larks hand. Youve got to get up, Pen. Youve got to heal her.
I cant, she whispers.
Yes you can. Ill help you.
She cant, Josiah. Mach, Lark winces and moans, is doing this.
The fire that burns through me is like the uncontrollable forest fire that swept through western America years back. It cant be contained, not until the thing comes that can put it out. For the fire it was more fire, for me, its Machs death.
Josiah, Pen says, but I dont look at her as I push to my feet.
Fear has the ability to propel us into situations that our normal thinking would never consider. Whether it is fear or determination that moves my feet forward, I dont know; all I know is that I want to end this. For Lark. For Pen.
Mach and Lennox have been fighting hard at a speed no human can move. There are scorch marks all over the walls from where Mach hit it with fire while trying to hit Lennox. Seeing a light keeper fight a shadow is about like watching rain fight fire. Lennox could end this if he would use his light, but hes relying on his strength and speed instead. The dark look in Machs eyes assures me that he will not relent until one of them is extinguished.
One of Machs fireballs grazes Lennoxs shoulder, and Mach gets in a kick to Lennoxs gut that sends him to his knees. Mach is panting but stands over Lennox with a victorious sneer. Mach raises his hands and sparks sizzle up from his palms before forming two melon sized balls of orange fire that hover over his hands.
Lennox stares up at Mach with one hand pressed over his shoulder where dark red blood is soaking his shirt, but he says nothing. He does not try to fight, and I want to shout at him, but he would not hear me over the noise of battle all around us. As I move closer, stabbing an apparition that gets in my path, Mach speaks to Lennox, and for some freaky reason, I can hear them in my head.
What, no sob filled pleas to spare you? No heart wrenching last words? Im disappointed. I was hoping for more from you, light keeper.
Lennoxs chin raises, and I swear the muscles in his arms flex. I have three. Go. To. Hell.
Machs face contorts and he releases the fire. I feel the sol leave me before I see it. It smashes into Machs fire and together they make an orangish light, wind blowing through the room on impact.
Mach turns to me, and for the moment, my friends, no, my family, are safe. But nothing can keep Mach safe from the fate prepared for him.
He begins to smile, and it adds fuel to my wrath.
What could you possibly find humorous?
You, little boy, truly believe this is simple, that you can win and that I find very humorous. Machs humor freaks me out a little because, lets face it, hes ten shades of crazy. His green eyes narrow, making the black shadows beneath more prominent. You think this is all a game, and that when you awaken none of this will matter because it was all in your head, but you are wrong on all counts. You have already lost, because you were never a player in the game. Youre an onlooker, Josiah Foreman, and soon, all you will see are the flashing words...game over. There are no more words exchanged as we circle each other and the rest of the room fades away. It is just he and I, and I know that one of us wont make it out of this battle. There can only be one winner, and that person is me.
I charge forward throwing sol out before me. Mach dodges around it throwing his fire toward my head. Every time our lights connect, they explode in orange light. Mach is trying to stay back, he wont let me get close enough to punch him. He sends two balls of fire at me, forcing me to jump out of the way.
Mach throws one after another at me by opening and closing his hands in rapid succession. Fire is hitting the floor on each side of me, burning my pants, singeing my shirt. I build up sol, but dont get to release it. He throws fire with one hand and waves the other like a conductor would before an orchestra, conducting the circle of fire that surrounds me. As I look around, there is nowhere to go. The fire has grown into walls of flames that are moving in just inches from my boots. I dont have anything to fight against the flames. My coat is under Lark, and my pack is beside her. Inhaling the smoke brings on a bout of coughing. I cover my nose and mouth with my arm, but the coughs wont be stopped, Ive already inhaled too much. 
The room begins to spin, and I know that I wont last much longer. There is some kind of poison in the fire. Mach knows how close I am; I can see it in his green eyes. As he builds up one final ball, the corners of his mouth curve up. He releases his hand and I brace myself, holding my breath.
A ball of iridescent air knocks the fireball off its path toward me, and the two strike the wall. Mach turns toward the source, and a small round ball of air hits his arm, forcing him to take several steps back. I look for someone who can help because there is no way Fia can take Mach on by herself. Blaze is fighting against six apparitions; Des and Carsh are fighting twenty, and Pen is trying to heal Leora and Lark with Lennox at her side.
With Machs attention solely focused on Fia, the wall of flames has shortened to knee height. Bending my knees, I leap forward, my knees and boots touching the flames but nothing else. I land and immediately drop and roll as small flames are attached to my pants. The heat is unbearable as I kick one leg against the other trying to put out the fire. I whip off my shirt and use it to put out the fire.
Cold air against my naked back pulls my attention away from the holes that are now in my pants around my ankles. I look over my shoulder and everything else comes to a disbelieving halt. Mach is holding Fia in the air by her neck, and beside them is a large portal, like Ive only seen in movies. My heart is beating like the stomping of the vigilantes feet on the stairs between layers. It is all I can hear as I scramble to get to my feet. Mach releases Fia.
The first thing that breaks through the beating in my ears is a scream filled with so much pain that it shatters a piece of me. It is not out of physical pain. Mach dropped Fia into the portal, in front of Blaze who was fighting to get to his sister. Blaze runs forward, but Des is there first. He leaps and disappears through the portal.
Blaze drops to his knees screaming, fire flying in every direction. I drop to my stomach as two bowling balls of fire fly toward my head. Blazes entire body is shaking, and a red colored energy starts coursing from him, growing, and revealing his pain.
Mach grins at me, and, as Blaze throws fireballs toward him, leaps through the portal, then both he and it disappear.
All of the apparitions left go crazy, flying around like a hail storm and hitting every person in their way.
Someone grabs my hand, and I jerk it away, startled until I see its Pen. She stares straight into my eyes. Trust me. I take her hand. She kneels and pulls me up to kneel with her. Together, she says and it hits me what she means. She closes her eyes saying something low and fast. I concentrate on pulling all of the energy toward me. Static electricity is surrounding us, covering us. There is a blue globe over our heads. The energy grows until it touches the ceiling and then it pops like someone pricking it with a pin. I jump forward and cover Pen with my body as the energy presses against my skin, the force pushing me down against her. With my arms on each side of her face, she stares at me with relief in her eyes. God, I love her.
As the force disappears, I raise my head. All the apparitions are gone. Standing, I help Pen up, but as we turn, all of the vigilantes are staring at us, like they did the time Pen and I made out in front of them.
How is it possible? The two of them together, Leora whispers with wonder written all over her face. She looks from us to Lennox. Lennox is smiling faintly.
It is very possible, Lennox says in a voice that carries over us all.
When Lennox meets my gaze, its what he is not saying that shatters my understanding of the Realm of Dreams. There was never just one proxy.
There are two.




25 BEGINNING

Two proxies. When I look at Pen, her calm demeanor rocks me. She knows. Shes always known.
It hits me like a rush from sol. Lennoxs words to Pen to move things along. He meant us. He meant this. Theres a connection between us; Ive felt it from the moment I met her. My grandfather told Abner to make me the proxy, but not me alone. My head begins to pound from everything that has happened, but my thinking has never been clearer.
Lark is sitting up with Leora supporting her and Pen runs toward them, but I wait to speak with Lennox. He has some serious explanations to make.
When Blaze is calmed down enough to be safe, Lennox comes toward me. He leads me toward one of the doors, and when we reach it, it leads to the stairs.
Only Pentaim, and I knew. Abner judged it best to keep it a secret. Lennox leans against the doorframe with his hands in the pockets of his dirty white cargos. He looks less like a general in that stance. Abner created the Realm of Dreams as a place of peace and rest. Where he could share both light and love with all of humanity. The dreamers would come here, and he would give them ideas and inventions that would better all mankind. But his great love was his greatest weakness. Floriant knew that he could never defeat Abner for darkness can never overcome light, but Floriant found a way around that. Abner could never extinguish the people he loved and Floriant knew this, so he made the dreamers his army. Abner divided his power between two proxies, then sealed himself in the twenty-fourth layer because that was the only way to save the light and not destroy the dreamers. On that day a baby was born, a little girl who would one day do great things for both your world and this realm. By the time Floriant reached the twenty-fourth layer, it had already sealed, and Abner had succeeded in the transfer of his power.
But Floriant never knew about her. He only knew about the first proxy, the grandson of a man who Abner trusted implicitly. It was his name that was foretold. Abner only entrusted his head light keeper with the secret of Pentaims identity and fate.
You, I say, and Lennox inclines his head. My gut hurts from how hard Im constricting. I dont know what this means for us, for me, for our journey. Why did Abner not want it known?
Lennox leans forward a little, his voice low. Because this war cannot be won with one proxy alone. Because the one who controls both proxies, controls the outcome.
So my ninja guardian angel is like my other half. Shes a proxy too. I should have known it would be something like that. Her determination, her courage, her skills, her willingness to risk her life for others are traits that Abner surely would have. I look back into the throne room where she is seated on the floor beside Blaze. Shes not trying to console him; shes only sitting beside him silently. Her eyes meet mine for a moment before she looks away running her fingers along my mothers beads.
Could you do something for me, Lennox? I ask as I look up at him. He nods. Pen and I have a few things to clear up.
You may have the length of the stairs, but wait for us at the gate to the next layer. Lennox walks away to speak with Pen, and I go to get my pack and jacket which are within speaking distance to Blaze.
I kneel down beside him as I strap on my harness. We are going to get her back. I vow on all the light left that I will not stop until I get her back.
Blaze reaches his fist out, and I bump it with my own.
Pen is standing at the door to the stairs, and when she sees me, she starts up. She has gone up five when I join her. She doesnt look at me or speak. I dont know how to begin, so I dont say anything. The word coward keeps repeating in my thoughts, but I dont care. Im trying to work out how to start. Grabbing her and kissing her would do it, but one look at her firm jaw tells me she is not in the mood for that.
When we reach the first landing, I blurt out the words that Ive been wondering. Why did you never tell me it was in my grandfathers house that you were shot?
She stops two steps ahead of me, but she doesnt turn. I did not want to add more to what you have to deal with.
Is he the reason youre here too? Did he have Abner choose you like he chose me?
Yes and no. He gave Abner a list of potential children, and I was one of them because he knew my mom was pregnant with me. Abner was the one to decide who to choose.
If youre a proxy, why has it I break off, clearing my throat and feeling like an idiot. My words were insulting even though thats not how I meant them to sound.
Why has it taken twenty years to defeat six layers when you have done it in seventeen falling shadows? Pen leans against the wall with her arms crossed, but she doesnt look or sound angry. Because when Abner split his light between the two of us, he gave you the ability to create light, and he gave me the ability to heal the broken. The only way I can make light is to connect with you.
Okay, thats not weird or anything.
I dont have the clarity to know how to defeat the throne keepers like you do, so it took us longer to figure out each layer.
That sucks, like epically. Im sorry that it took me so long to get here. I blink as I replay those words in my head; as if I had any say over when I came here.
She laughs a little as she pushes off the wall. I want you to know that this connection has nothing to do with why I love you. I had kind of a crush on you when you arrived, from two years of hearing your name spoken. But I also had high expectations for you, and you have far surpassed them all. She steps down, and we are eye level as she places her hands on my shoulders and kisses me. Im sorry that I never told you, she says with real conviction in her voice.
Its okay, Pen. But hey, now that there are two of us, we should be able to fly through the remaining twelve layers.
She smiles, and I want to kiss her again. As they say at home, two are better than one. She starts up and makes it two steps before I pull her to a stop. When she turns with her small brows raised, I kiss her. I can feel her smile against my lips that quickly fades as I deepen the kiss. Her arms wrap around my neck, and she buries her hands in my hair as she presses against me. My body responds, my blood pumping, and my restraint faltering.
As she pulls her head back, I want to groan. Shall we go?
I nod, and we start up the remaining stairs, but my thoughts are not on the next task. The gate is ahead of us to the next layer, and I can hear the vigilantes at the bottom of the stairs. I need to ask her what we will have to do unseal Abners layer. Pen
Im cut off when her mouth covers mine. A furnace of heat scorches me, and I know with complete clarity that this has nothing to do with any realm connection. Im not blinded to her flaws, and shes not blind to mine. Shes bossy; she likes to have her own way, she demands a lot of everyone, and she can get under my skin like no one else. But shes brave, shes sunshine, shes hope, shes the beginning and end with me. All of her imperfections make her who she is, and to me that is perfect.
Wrapping my arms around her waist, I hold her close. Shes more than I deserve, but she consumes me. Shes brought light, and as crazy as it is...peace into my life.
Shall we take a peek at the next layer before the others get here? she asks with a hint of mischief. I agree as she steps up to the gate. As I stand next to her, she laughs. Its peach.
Like your lips, I say then groan. I cant believe I said that out loud. I need to get a filter.
She presses her mouth against mine, though, and my embarrassment fades.
I love you, she whispers against my mouth, and I pull back.
Youre in luck then, Pentaim... I say as I release her and back into the next layer, giving her my most cocky smile. The moment my feet cross the gateway, I know Ive made a monumental mistake. A force of air sweeps down between us. Pen! I reach out for her, and my hand hits an invisible barrier. Panic starts in my gut and builds as I throw my shoulder against the barrier. Pen is on the other side screaming and trying to stab the barrier with a knife. I rip the tavin from my harness and beat it against the barrier, but it only bounces off. Pen is on the other side screaming, though I cant hear her, and throwing every weapon she has against the barrier. She stabs at the barrier with her knife and it slips, cutting her hand. Blood forms on her hand but she doesnt stop trying and that makes my heart hurt. I lower the tavin and place my hand against the barrier that feels like glass. I say Pens name, trying to get her to calm down. Her eyes are wide and terror-filled, but she places her hand against mine on the barrier. She leans her forehead on the barrier and mouths my name. Slowly, her eyes widen, and she begins to scream again. Dread zips through my chest and I raise the tavin as I twist around, ready to strike.
The tavin flies from my hand, straight into the hand of a woman surrounded by an army of apparitions. She lowers the tavin and grins. Proxy, you are to come with us without resistance.
You wouldnt happen to be related to Kineta would you?
Her grin does not falter, but the look in her eyes turns dangerous. Such a travesty that my sister was so pitiful, but do not expect the same from me. I am Temperance, Machs Empress.
You know, I just took out the last woman who told me that she was Machs empress, I tell her, pouring menace into my words and expression.
Her grin turns into a full bloom smile. You have spirit. Good, you will need that. Welcome to game, Josiah Foreman, and may the best player win.



Coming in May 2014
Realm of Fire
RoD Book 2

Acknowledgements
I like to call this part stump the writer because it is so hard to find the right words to thank everyone.
Thank you, God, for this dream that has changed my life.
To Captain MaryLu and the Motley Crew for allowing this Master Gunner to be a part of the family.
To my wonderful family who taught me that you do not have to be blood or the same to be family. Thank you for choosing me. To the Foreman Family who created a generation of dreamers and creators, my lifelong thanks for allowing me to be a part of your family. 
No author could make it in this industry without a great support team, so a big thank you to my team of Fear Slayers. Thank you for taking a chance on my stories.
Boss, Doc, and Spy, you bring joy to my life every day, and I promise to use that alligator idea one day.
John, I am so thankful for your wit and ideas and support that never fails, even when I get to the end of a story and act like a crazy person.
To the readers and dreamers in the world who read this book, never let anyone steal your dreams. Never give up, and keep moving forward.

About the Author

K. A. Vantana wrote her first story at age seven. When many little girls were dreaming about being a princess, she was dreaming about being a musketeer. When shes not writing adventures, she spends her time with her family, exploring historical locations, and searching for adventures to be had. K. A. makes her home in West Virginia with her husband.

Connect with K. A. Vantana:
Facebook: 
    https://www.facebook.com/Mommyauthor
Twitter:
https://twitter.com/AuthorAVantana
Website:
http://www.mommyauthor.com/

