Mathens Flight
Fates Foe Book 1

Marc Van Pelt

Copyright  2014 Marc Van Pelt
All rights reserved.
ISBN: 9781311699718
Smashwords Edition




WWW.worldofmundial.blogspot.com


Acknowledgements

I would like to first and foremost thank my wife for all her support and tolerance of the time my writing takes up. Id also like to thank all my friends and family who read and responded to my story and gave me input that helped make the story that much better. Some that gave me particularly good input was: Steve Chaney, Rogelio Aguayo, and Dustin Gardner. 
Lastly and most importantly Id like to thank everyone that has taken time to read my book and Id like to thank all who take the time to rate and review my books. The most difficult part of independently publishing a book is getting our books noticed. Reviews are by far the greatest help in this and the feedback to the author is invaluable. 


Dedication

For Richard whose smile reminds me every day what is truly important in life.




Chapter 1


Mathendidnt go to the City of Aguares to have his life completely turnedupside down. He also hadnt planned on turning the town its-self upsidedown. He had traveled just over a week from the City of Valen for onlyone thing...Rocks.
Well,stone might be a better word for it. Mathen owned more than a small number offactories that made the best stone products in all the NecromianKingdom. He had heard of a new stone quarry outside of Aguares withunusually high quality of stone.
Soit was purely with the intent of a business deal that he found himselfdriving his wagon through a forest of dead trees just outside Aguaresin the Yucaipan Republic. It was the 3rd such forest he and his twoescorts had passed through and Mathen found himself reflecting on thechanges he had seen in the world during his life. It was during thecourse of these reflections that a voice came to his mind.
Youshouldve seen this world in the day I was created. Only the mostancient elves can even imagine the life and beauty this land once enjoyed.
Mathenshand moved to his chest and felt the shape of an ancient crest thathung from his neck under his shirt. The crest had been in his family forover 800 years but it wasnt the age that gave it its value. It wasthe soul locked away inside of itby ancient elvish magic. It was afieles, which was the name given to living objects.
Id rather not, Mathen thought back. Just the decay in my own time is enough to make me sad. Im not sure I can bear what couldve been.
The Voice responded, You think it's hard for you? Think how some of the more ancient of the elves feel about it. In the last 800 years they have watched humans build more and more machines that aren't very friendly to nature. Just those steam engine things you guys came up with a few years ago do tend to make the air very dirty. It's no wonder they blame you guys for the decay.
Mathen replied, But we know humans aren't to blame. This decay started over a thousand years ago. All we can do is make best of the time the world has left and there is still quite a bit of time left.
Much time for you perhaps, but a blink for me. And then Ill be here long after the world dies. Thats my future, came the response.
Itwas an old argument. Mathen determined to make the best of his lifeand the life of others while the fieles around his neck spoke of thegood ol days and complained about the present, and the future, or lack thereof.
Thefieles was named Seer. Its power was to give glimpses of the future,sometimes things that would be and at times things that might be. Theglimpses would come randomly, sometimes as clear visions, or at times asvague premonitions.
Despitetheir arguments and different opinions the two were good friends and haddeveloped a relationship of trust. Seer had been extremely helpful inall of Mathens business dealings and it was on the fielesrecommendation that he was now entering Aguares.
Thecity had spent most of the last two thousand years as a farmingcommunity. So while it was one of the largest cities in the region it wasspread out and seemed very small when compared to the cities of theneighboring kingdoms and nations.
Makingthe city feel smaller yet was the fact the fields had lost theirfertility over the last five years. Most of the population had left andonly the fates knew what the rest had done to survive since the stonequarry had opened only a few months ago.
Ashis wagon slowly made its way down the main street towards the center oftown he was amazed on how few people there were. There were a couple ofsullen looking children sitting in front of a shop. A man dressed inrags lying on the side of the street in what appeared to be a drunkenslumber. Mathen noticed his escorts kept resting their hands on the holsters of their firearms as they moved through the city.
Ive seen cities a day after being pillaged and razed with happier and more numerous people, Seer commented.
Mathen responded, Mostleft when the farms failed. Those that remain are spread out. What Iwonder is how they have survived these last five years with no visiblesource of income.
Independently wealthy? Seer asked.
Youcan answer that better than me. Ive been here once before and that was40 years ago. Youve been here, what, a couple dozen times in the last500 years? Mathen shot back.
Thirty-eight. And youre right. This place shouldve been completely abandoned withintwo years of the land failing. The nearby forests are all dead androtting. The nearest source of food is a days journey; so all foodwould have to be traded for, but what do they trade with? Seer asked.
Ive always liked a good mystery, Mathen thought as he pulled up to the hotel and looked over himself to make sure he was presentable but not overly neat.
Mathensent his escorts in to make arrangements and stepped down from the wagonto begin tying up the horses. As he finished Seer alerted him tosomeone coming.
Looks like they have a welcoming committee for you.
Turningaround Mathen saw a young boy about 8 or 9 approaching him. The boy wasthe first smiling face hed seen so far in town, but it was the type ofsmile Mathen normally associated with predators moving in of prey. On aboy that young he couldnt decide if it looked cute or disturbing.
Welcome to Aguares, Sir! the boy started enthusiastically. Can I help you with your bags?
Thank you but I can manage myself. Mathen answered.
Youre a Necromian aren't you?
Yes I am. Im from Valen, what gave me away? Mathen asked the boy with a grin.
Your skin is darker and the top of your ears are a little more pointy. Is it true you live a long time? the boy asked.
Thechild fidgeted as he spoke, pacing a little from time to time. Mathennoticed he seemed to slowly fidget closer and closer to him.
Yes,its true, Mathen answered. We have a little elvish blood in us whichmeans we age at half the speed of full-blooded humans. Im 108-years- old.
What are you doing here in Aguares?
Im a stone cutter. I came about the new quarry.
Oh, youll want to talk to Mr. Stoneman across the street, the boy replied.
Mathenlooked to the building the boy pointed to which apparently was themoment the boy had waited for. After a quick warning from Seer,and without even looking, Mathen snapped his hand over to his leftpocket and grabbed hold of a wrist that was already moving away. Turningaround he came face to face with the boy who had both a startled look on hisface and Mathens coin bag in his hand.
Itwas as Mathen opened his mouth to speak that the vision struck. In allthe years that Mathen had possessed Seer, he had had many visions. Hundreds in fact. But the visionhe had at this moment was the longest,clearest, and most disturbing vision he had ever had. While the horrorsof war, death, and unspeakable crimes he witnessed seemed to go onforever, the vision passed almost instantly in real time as all visionsdo.
Asit ended Mathen found himself still holding the boys wrist, the coinbag still in hand and a fearful look on his face. The boy... the boy hadbeen the focus of the vision. He had seen glimpses of the boysterrible future -- or better said the terrible future this boy would create.
Mathen quickly tried to compose himself and managed to give the boy a smile as he plucked his coin bag from his hand.
Thank you for finding that, I hadnt realized that I had dropped it, Mathen said.
The boys expression changed from one of fear to one of confusion. Meanwhile Seer wasted no time in giving its own opinion.
Idont think letting him off is a good idea. We both just saw hisfuture, what he will become, and do. Ive seen more than a few monstersin human clothing but if you let this kid go on his merry way hellcause more pain and suffering than any of them!
Whateverhe may do in the future, he hasnt done yet, and right now hes still aboy. Just give me a moment to think and sort this out, Mathen thought back quickly.
Continuingto smile pleasantly at the boy, Mathen removed his coin bag and shiftedhis grasp to one of a simple handshake although he continued to holdthe boy tight.
It was very kind of you to pick it up for me. Let me getyou something for your trouble, by the way what's your name?
The boys expression suddenly turned to one of suspicion.
I thought you were here for stone.
I am. Is there anything else I could be here for? Mathen asked him.
Theboy continued to stare at him suspiciously for a moment and seemedabout to say something when they were suddenly joined by another person.
Is there a problem here? asked the new comer.
A man wearing a sheriff badge came over to them glancing between Mathen and the boy.
This boy didnt try taking anything from you did he, sir?
Imerely dropped my coin bag and the boy was good enough to retrieve itfor me, Mathen responded as he released the boys hand. The man put onehand on the childs shoulder as he studied Mathen for a few moments. Hethen broke out in a huge laugh and said, Sure he did. Jas here is themost considerate boy in the orphanage. Always finding peoples lostmoney.
He continued laughing until the boy, apparently named Jas, kicked him in the shin and took off running.
Are you okay? Mathen asked.
Theman tried to chuckle as he rubbed the sore spot on his leg. Hes gotspirit, Ill give him that. Dont worry about it; boys will be boysafter all. I'm Sheriff Ajant, and you would be?
Mathen took the hand offered him and responded, Mathen Cutter.
Uponmaking contact, Mathen had hoped for another vision. There was somethingcreepy about this Sheriff Ajant and he had hoped for something thatwould give him more information on what was going on. Yet he gotnothing.
I dont need a vision to know there is something off about this sheriff.
Mathenignored Seers comment and kept his attention on the sheriff who seemeda little startled at hearing Mathens name and was now eyeing hissomewhat sloppy clothes.
Mathen Cutter? Not the Mathen Cutter whos owner of Cutter Stoneworks?
The same.
Sheriff Ajant let out a long whistle, Aint it kindve gutsy for a man of your means to be traveling alone?
Imnot alone, Mathen responded.
My escorts are in the hotel makingarrangements. Besides, I never travel with anything of worth. Anyonefamiliar with me knows that. I only carry what I need.
At that moment Mathens escorts came out of the hotel, Sorry sir, but the hotel seems to be full, no rooms available.
Full? Mathen said with raised eyebrows glancing at the sheriff, then aroundthe empty streets. Is there an event in town this week?
SheriffAjant got an uncomfortable and slightly suspicious look on his face andanswered, Sometimes we get an influx of travelers, other times wereempty. You happened to arrive on a full day.
Wow, this guy must think you're as stupid as you look.
I see, Mathen answered the sheriff, and then turned to his escorts. See what you can find, I need to see to business here.
Mathennodded to Sheriff Ajant politely and started across the street. 

Chapter 2

Mr.Stonemans office was right next to the City Hall which Mathen headed tofirst. Aguares followed a custom dating back nearly two thousand yearsto the Yucaipan Kingdom.
One of the ancient kings found the orphans ofhis kingdom being neglected and forgotten. So he converted his castleand other government buildings into orphanages so that the rulers couldntignore them. Even with the birth of the Yucaipan Republic the orphanagesremained with the government buildings. As was the case in Aguares.
Uponentering the city hall, Mathen found a secretary at a desk outside thecity offices and addressed her, Hello, I was wondering if I might meetwith the city judge. Is he in?
The secretary answered without looking up, Who shall I tell him would like to see him?
Mathen Cutter of Cutter Stoneworks.
The secretary looked up and eyed Mathen with surprise. I will notify his honor, please wait here.
Standingquickly she entered through the door to the city offices and Mathenwaited only a couple of minutes for her to return. The secretary invitedMathen to follow her and lead him through the door and down a hall withvarious offices on either side.
Atthe end of the hall they came to the door to the judges office. Thesecretary opened the door for Mathen and told him to go right in.
Thejudge stood up behind his desk as Mathen walked in, Hello, welcome toAguares. Im Judge Caspin. What brings an important businessman likeyourself here to our humble city?
Mathenstudied the judge a moment seeing the judge had that same falseenthusiasm that the boy, Jas, had displayed. Im here about Mr. Stonemans new quarry. Ive been searching for a new source of stone formy factories in Valen and the samples that he sent me look extremelypromising. So I came to see what kind of arrangement we might be ableto come to.
Well, the judge continued, Im sure youll be able to come to an agreeable contract. That quarry is going to save this city.
I hope so, Mathen said, It saddened me to see the town in such condition.
The town is in horrible condition but its nice to see the judge can still afford such nice clothes, Seer cut in.
Stillignoring the fieles, Mathen continued, I must say all thingsconsidered, the fact your city has survived as long as it has is a greataccomplishment.
Yes,weve all had to make sacrifices to get to this point, but things are getting better. Your contract will help us greatly toget there.
I hope so, and I think I may have the means to help out more.
Really? Please go on!
AsI arrived I met one of the orphans living here. I cant imagine thedifficulty of having to support them, so Id like to make a donation to helpwith the costs of the orphanage.
Mathen noticed the judges enthusiasm become a little more reserved at the mention of the orphans and then try to hide it.
That... would be very generous of you. Taking care of them has been verydifficult these last few years; any help would be most appreciated.
How many orphans do you have here? Mathen asked.
Eighty-three.
Really?! You sell yourself short saying its been merely difficult. To care forso many in such circumstances is absolutely amazing. How have you doneit?
Nowthe judge seemed to become downright nervous as he answered, Wevebeen fortunate to have received a number of private donations.
Thatsgood to hear. Its nice to know people care about such things. Illarrange to have my own donation transferred here as soon as I return toValen.
Thats very kind!
Idalso like to do something now for you. Id like to adopt the young man Imet outside if possible. My heart just went out to the poor boy and wasvery impressed by his helpfulness, Mathen said.
Adopt? I... Im not sure that would be possible, Judge Caspin stammered, sweating now.
Not possible? Eighty-three orphans and you dont wish to help any of them find homes?
Well... you being a foreigner and all. We couldnt-
TheYucaipan Republic started allowing foreign adoptions two years ago. Manyof my associates in Valen have done it, and I can assure you I can haveall the legal documents ready by the time I leave.
Judge Caspin seemed to take a moment to think before asking, Which boy was it you met?
I believe I heard his name to be Jas.
Im sorry, thats completely impossible. Jas isnt available for adoption.
Why is that?
Thejudge took another moment to think and responded, Im...Im afraidSheriff Ajant is already in the process of adopting him.
Thats too bad. Its a shame the sheriff didnt mention that when I spoke to him just now.
Yes,Judge Caspin said, starting to regain his composure, We are gratefulfor your donation and are sorry we cant do more for you.
Yes, its a shame, Mathen responded, Well, I must be getting over to see Mr. Stoneman. Thank you for your time.
No, thank you, Judge Caspin said standing up and walking Mathen to the Door.
Adopt him? Seer asked as Mathen left the judge's office. Yousaw that vision. If you want to adopt a psychopath we can head over tothe prison and pick one up. This boy will grow up and do things thatwould make any one of them sick to witness and you want to adopt him?
The Future is never certain,Mathen responded.
Youknow how the visions works, the clearer the vision the more certain itis, and that vision was crystal clear. Youre intending to bring amonster into your house, Seer countered.
Thatmay be true, but something evil and sinister is going on in this townand it seems to be centered around the orphanage. That vision maybe theboys destiny but if it is, it should be by his choice, not a destinypushed on him by whatever is happening in this town.
Mathen exited the town hall and walked to the building that Jas had pointed out as Mr. Stonemans office.
Ithink there is only one way to stop that vision from happening, butsince that would require an act I know you would never do I suggest youmake your business arrangements and get out of this town, Seer added before withdrawing from Mathens mind.
AsMathen entered Mr. Stonemans office he tried to push his wholeconversation with Seer out of his mind. He had long ago trained himselfnot to openly react to whatever Seer put in his head. Yet since Seer wasnormally very good-natured, Mathen sometimes forgot that through bothvisions, and experience Seer had been witness to many dark acts andsometimes his opinions about how to counter such things could be equally as dark.
Mr.Stoneman was sitting at a desk next to the window at the front of theshop facing the entrance. He didnt stand or even move as Mathenentered. He simply sat in his chair and seemed to study Mathen with acurious expression. Mathen extended his hand and started to introducehimself. Hello, Im-
MathenCutter of Cutter Stone Works, Mr. Stoneman said as he finished Mathensintroduction without moving to shake Mathens hand, or changing hisexpression.
Yes. That is correct, Mathen responded.
Mr.Stoneman motioned to his window and said, I saw you arrive. That waskind of you the way you responded to Jas trying to steal your coin bag. Most of his pick-pocketing victims that catch him have had far harsherresponses.
Theharsh responses have seemed to have failed to dissuade him, perhaps a bit of kindness will have a more positive effect, Mathen added.
Afaint smile came to Mr. Stonemans face. I wouldnt hold out too muchhope for Jas. That kids issues have issues. Of all the orphans here inAguares Id say hes the worst off.
Despitehis cold demeanor Mr. Stoneman was the first person Mathen had met thatdidnt give the feeling that he was hiding something. Mathen decided totry to ask some more direct questions.
Perhaps you could help me to understand better what kind of issues hes suffering from?
Mr.Stone man snorted and shook his head. Id like to help you but askingand answering such questions can be hazardous to ones health here. Besides I thought you were here to make a deal on some stone. I suggestwe go out to the quarry so you can inspect the quality. Then Id behonored if you and your escorts would stay tonight at my place. I doubtyoull find any rooms here and my wife and I would love to have you stayso we could swap stories.
Mr. Stoneman kept his gaze fixed on Mathen as he spoke and Mathen felt that he meant more than just swapping stories.
Thatis right, Mathen answered, I am here for stone. And I would behonored to stay with you and your wife tonight. Lets go collect myescorts and head out shall we?
The stone quarry was about a mile outside the west side of town. Mr. Stoneman gave Mathen a tour and let him inspect the stone. He also showed him the new steam-powered chisel used to break up large pieces of stone.
Afterthe inspection they returned to Mr. Stonemans office to work out thedetails of their contract. The sun was just beginning to set when theycame to an agreeable arrangement and they decided to call it a day.
Mr.Stonemans house was only a half mile away where Mathen got the chanceto clean up and then dine with the Stonemans. Their conversation startedwith them speaking about their respective businesses, and then drifted totheir home towns, Mathen being from Valen and the Stonemans fromTerancia originally.
When the conversation started to slow, Mr. Stoneman asked, What do you think of Aguares?
Well... to be honest, I find the town very puzzling, Mathen responded. I feeleveryone I speak too is trying to hide something from me.
Ihad the same feeling when I first arrived here four years ago. As Isaid before though, asking questions around here can be dangerous. Youhave to ask yourself if what happens in a small unimportant town isreally worth knowing.
Ifeel the children in that orphanage are in danger. If they are andthere is something I can do to help them, then I would very much like toknow, Mathen answered.
Mr.Stoneman thought a moment then responded, Maybe youll be more successful then Ive been. What Ive been able to learn since I firstmoved here is that when the ground started to fail, those families thatremained became desperate for money. Some so desperate that they startedsellingwhatever they could to travelers. Some grew desperate enough to begin selling things that shouldn't be sold, and from what I have heard even sell family membersjust to feed the rest of the family. The judge saw the profit in all ofit and, with the help of the sheriff, turned the city hall, along with the orphanage into an undergroundhuman trafficking center.
Mathen was both appalled and angry, Is the district judge aware of this?
Ittook me most of the last 3 years to put together what I know. I sent acomplaint to the district judge but never heard back from him. I didreceive a number of anonymous threatening letters however. With Sheriff Ajant as the judge's business partner I'm afraid it's dangerous to try to oppose the judge.
And there is no other place to go for assistance? No one here in town that can help? Mathen asked.
Imafraid everyone in this town is either a part of the problem or toointimidated by those who are to do anything. The only way I see to doanything would be to replace both the judge and sheriff and bring some outside protection for the replacements, Mr. Stoneman responded.
Mathenclosed his eyes a moment. The situation here was worse than he couldveimagined. They needed to find a solution quickly. Everyday thosechildren would suffer more, which wasnt acceptable. He needed help sohe tried putting a little magic into Seer.
Thevisions mostly came and went on their own but he had learned sometimes alittle magic could prompt one. His gamble paid off as a vision opened,although it was very unclear, with many possible futures layered on topof each other. After he first received Seer, such visions had beencomplete nonsense to him but over the years he had learned to pull outdifferent possible futures.
Allthe futures he saw were filled with great danger for him and Mr. Stoneman, but he saw a few possibilities that could work if done right.
Are you alright? Mr. Stoneman asked.
Yes, I was thinking a moment. The district judge will be visiting in a couple of days? Mathen asked.
Yes, he is coming to take a tour of the quarry tomorrow.
If the opportunity presented itself to do something to help the orphanage, would you make use of it?
Yes I would, Mr. Stoneman answered.
Very good, Mathen continued, If you start your tour with the main office in town then such an opportunity will be presented.
The town judge and the sheriff have a lot of support and they wont sit idly I think, Mr. Stoneman said.
Iam going to send one of my escorts to Redbrook tonight to hire additionalsecurity for your quarry; the other will remain here with you. The town judge's support will be divided for afew days so you will be safe if you stay at the quarry. The sheriff willreturn from looking for me, and find you as the new town judge withfull support from the district judge.
And where will you be? Mr. Stoneman asked.
I will be leaving for home first thing in the morning.

Chapter 3

Jas sat on the floor of the closet in the judge's office hugging his knees. It hadn't taken long for Sheriff Ajant to catch up to him after he messed up picking the pocket of the old Necromian man. The sheriff wasn't happy with him and brought him right back to the orphanage where the judge wasted no time throwing him into the closet. Apparently the old Necromian had been snooping around.
The closet was where the judge put kids he was really mad at. It was a small closet with hooks all over the walls that poked uncomfortably if you tried to lean against the walls while standing and too small for some of the bigger kids to be able to sit down where there were no hooks. Even Jas had to hug his knees to his chest and angle his feet to be able to sit down.
Sometimes the judge forgot about the kid andleft him or her in it for days, until he would go to put another kid in. The last time he had been put in it, it took almost 2 days for the judge to let him out. Jas decided that this time would be the last time. He would find a way to get away from this orphanage and make sure they never found him.
As he sat trying to think of a way to accomplish his goal he heard two voices come into the room. He instantly recognized both the Judge and the Sheriff, and he knew their voices well enough to know neither one of them was sober.
"I'm telling you he's too dangerous to go after. A man that important would attract too much attention if you tried anything," the judge said.
"But a man that wealthy isn't going to travel without enough money to keep a certain standard of luxury, no matter what he says. We can't pass up a chance like this," the sheriff responded.
And on and on they argued as their voices became more and more slurred. Not good for Jas. The judge wouldn't be having this conversation if he had remembered Jas was in the closet and being drunk it could be a long while before he remembered.
After listening for a little while Jas realized that they were talking about the old Necromian man. He had never heard either one so interested in a person. Jas began to wonder if he could somehow use that. Finally he heard the judge order Sheriff Ajant to not go anywhere near Mathen Cutter and he heard the Sheriff storm out of the room. It didn't take long before he heard the judge start to snore.
Jas sighed, it would be a long night and despite his uncomfortable position he tried his best to sleep. He must have gotten some sleep because it didn't seem that long till he woke up hearing someone moving around the office. He heard the judge mumble a curse about the district judge and start to fumble with the lock on the closet door.
Jas knew that once the judge realized Jas had been locked in the closet and had heard what he and the sheriff had said, that he'd be in big trouble. Jas pulled his knees as far back as he could, right up to his nose, as he placed his feet quietly onto the door. He waited till he heard the click of the lock and the judge turn the handle before he kicked the door open as hard as he could.
The door only moved a couple of inches before it hit something hard and Jas heard a cry of pain and then the sound of something big hitting the ground. Jas got up quickly and opened the door the rest of the way. He barely glanced at the judge on the ground with both hands covering his face as he ran out of the closet and fled the room as fast as he could. He knew one thing for certain. If the Judge got a hold of him now it would be very, very bad.


Mathenand the store clerk exited the store each carrying a box of supplies. The trip back to Valen would take close to two weeks by wagon and therewere few places to re-supply.
Thesheriff was waiting for him leaning against the wagon. As the storeclerk and Mathen placed the supplies in the wagon the sheriff asked,Are you leaving us so soon?
Yes, my business here is complete, Mathen answered.
And your escorts?
Are finishing some errands for me in Redbrook and will meet me on the road.
Well,if youd like I could rustle up a couple of men to escort you till theycatch up. Id hate to see anything happen to you, the sheriffresponded.
Thankyou but Ill be fine by myself, Mathen said as he set about coveringthe supplies with a blanket. It wouldnt do to let dust from the trailget into everything. Mathen noticed the sheriff was still there watchinghim so he asked, Is there anything else I can do for you Sheriff?
We had one of our orphans turn up missing. I was wondering if youve seen Jas at all.
Mathen shook his head and responded, Im sorry, I havent seen him since I first arrived.
Well then, the sheriff smiled, I hope you have a safe trip.
As the sheriff walked away, Seer spoke up, Ilove it when they say things like that while its obvious they areworking it out in their heads how to make it anything but safe.
Mathen thought back, Perhapsinstead of musing about what hes working out; maybe we should beworking out our plan of action. We worked out Mr. Stonemans part ofthe plan, but aside from leaving and drawing the sheriff and some of hismen after us we still need to figure out how to get away from them.
Im sure the opportunity will present its self.
Easy for you to say...you cant be killed.
Mathentook his place at the front of his wagon and picked up the reigns. Asthe horses pulled the wagon forward, Mathen felt a bump as it seemed thewagon wheel hit something.
Did we hit a rock? Mathen asked himself as much as asking Seer.
Seer answered, Yesit was a rock. It was placed in front of the wheel by the person hidingbehind the wood pile we were passing. He placed it there evidently tomask the wagon moving as he snuck onboard. Hes under the blanket now.
The sheriff had someone hide in the wagon? Mathen thought back in alarm.
Idont think so. Our stowaway is none other than our little futurepsychopath. I must admit the little pickpocket is a clever boy.
Jas?
Looks like the boy is skipping town. The irony is... wait; you closed your thoughts to me. Why? What are you planning?
Mathen answered, Just thinking of the best way to resolve this development, but kept all other thoughts closed to Seer.
No,youre planning on taking him with you. Just because you arranged tohave all the paperwork done and submitted once a new judge is chosen,doesnt mean taking the boy now wouldnt be kidnapping. And having theboy here wont help at all when the sheriff comes after you, Seer argued.
Well have to deal with one crisis at a time, Mathen answered.
Good luck. If you need help you know where to find me, Seer ended and withdrew from Mathens mind.
Mathensighed, he couldnt afford to spend time figuring out why Seer was sodead set against helping the boy. He really did have no idea what he wasgoing to do once the sheriff came after him. Maybe hed get lucky andtheyd decide to let him go rather then come after him in this horridheat.
As they passed out-of-town, Mathen wiped the sweat off his face and took a drink from his canteen.
If it was this uncomfortable sitting in the open, he could only imagine the poor boy under the blanket in the back.
Weare outside of town now. If youd like, you can sit up here and get adrink of water, Mathen called back. When no response came Mathen triedagain, You must be dying under that blanket. If I was going to kick youoff or force you to go back, I wouldve done it already.
Therewas still no movement in the back of the wagon, so Mathen continueddown the trail a few moments before taking another drink from hiscanteen, then sloshing the water in it around and said, If you getthirsty Jas, just let me know. I have plenty of water.
Glancingback Mathen saw the blanket move and after a moment Jas appeared fromunder it. His hair and clothes were drenched in sweat and the boy wasgiving Mathen a suspicious scowl.
How did you know I was under there?
I have my gifts. Would you like some water?
Mathenheld out the canteen for him and Jas took it, but continued to glaresuspiciously. Apparently the boy had zero trust in adults and Mathen hadto wonder if anyone had ever treated the boy well in his life.
So where are you heading, Mathen asked as the boys thirst finally got the best of him and he started drinking.
After he finished, Jas answered, Havent decided yet.
And what made you decide to use my wagon for transport?
I needed a way to get as far from town as I could before the trackers come after me.
Trackers? Have they sent trackers after you before?
Jas nodded, Weve all tried to run away but the trackers always find us.
Thiswas Mathens day for complications. Trackers were people who couldtrack people that they had magically marked. It was normally reservedfor the most dangerous of criminals. It never occurred to Mathen that theJudge would have children markedfor tracking.
Whatwas worse was Jas plan was doomed to fail. Even running away with aquick horse it was unlikely he could put enough distance between himselfand the tracker. And even if Mathen somehow eluded the sheriff, thetrackers would bring him right to them eventually.
Sooner I think then later. The sound of horses and dogs are in the air. Youll be able to hear them soon, Seer warned.
Mathensighed in despair and said, Jas, Im afraid the sheriff may find youwithout the trackers. Hell be coming after me here shortly.
But the Judge told him not to, Jas responded with a confused look.
Thenit would seem the Judge changed his mind or the Sheriff is working onhis own. Either way I think we are going to be in trouble, Mathenresponded.
Suddenlya small fork in the roadappeared up ahead that veered north from themain road. Mathen suddenly had this over powering feeling that he shouldtake it.
Jas, where does that road lead?
Jas frowned and answered, That road only goes a little bit north before dead ending at Aguerius Forest.
Are there any paths into the forest large enough for the wagon?
I dont think so and you cant go into the forest anyway! The dragons and other monsters kill anyone that goes in!
Well,Mathen said, I feel that path will be far safer than the other one andmy feelings are usually right. You can choose for yourself. You cantake your chances with the monsters in the forest that might get us oryou can take your chances with the monsters behind us who will surely catch you.
Jasseemed to be thinking it over for a few moments. Mathen was afraid theboy was about to choose to stay when the sound of dogs barking began tobe heard in the distance behind them. Jas turned around and looked backtowards the sound and after a few more moments he answered, Im nevergoing back there. Ill go withyou -- for now.
Congratulations, it's a boy. Now you might want to pick the pace up, Seer said.
Mathen nodded and said, Welcome aboard, now watch yourself, we are going to need to hurry.
Aftera snap of the reigns the horses increased their pace to a quick trot. Through the sparse dying trees, Mathen could see the edge of the upcoming forest. It appeared to be a wall of dark menacing trees andbrambles. The sound of the dogs behind them seemed to fade a couple ofminutes before increasing in volume once again. It would seem thatleaving the main road only confused his pursuers for a short time.
Asthey approached the forest, Mathen scanned the tree line for an openinglarge enough for the wagon which was difficult considering there werefew openings large enough for a man let alone a wagon. Then suddenly hesaw one not far to the right of the direction they were going. Mathenwasnt sure how he had missed it the first time he had scanned the area,but now he directed the horses straight to it.
I see them, Jas warned.
Glancingback Mathen could see the men on horses. Hed be able to make theforest before they caught him but theyd over take him shortly after.
Trust the feeling, Seer said, the feeling told you to come here and you did. I cant say what will happen, but you should trust it to work out.
Asthey passed the border of the forest it felt more like he was drivinghis wagon into a tunnel. The thick branches of the trees arching overthe path were so thick that little light passed through them. Brierbushes lined the path filling the empty space between trees.
AndI didnt think it could look more spooky than it did from the outside,Jas mused behind him then added in an alarmed voice, Hey!
Whatswrong? Mathen asked turning around to see the boy.
Jas was lookingbehind them and pointed as he answered, Where did the opening go? Ionly looked away for a second.
Lookingback, Mathen saw that the entrance into the forest they had used hadvanished. All he could see was a tangle of branches and other bushes. Hecould hear the men that were pursuing them start yelling infrustration as they searched for a way into the forest.
What happened? Mathen silently asked Seer.
The briers came from the side and the branches from above, Seer answered.
How? Mathen questioned Seer.
This is a sacred forest. Many very powerful forces reside here. One of them wants you here and them out, Seer responded.
Good forces or bad? Mathen asked a little worried.
What did the feeling tell you earlier? 
Mathen answered, That wed be safe coming this way.
Then it doesnt matter, was Seers response.
Mathenhad never known Seer to ever have been so tight-lipped. It almost feltlike the fieles knew what was happening, but was trying to decide whatit could and couldnt reveal.
Answering Jas earlier question he said, It would seem that something in this forest doesnt want the sheriff to get to us.
You think its the evil spirit?
I dont know.
How long till we get out? Jas asked.
Depends. The distance across the eastern side of the forest is much shorter thanthe rest of the forest. If the path is strait and we can find acrossing for the Aguerius River then we should exit the other side of itin 4 or 5 days, Mathen explained.
What if the sheriff is waiting on the other side? Jas asked.
Itwould be hard to go the long way around in that little time and mostlikely we would come outinto the Necromian Kingdom which the easternpart of the forest spills into. With luck we could be in Valen beforethey could catch up.
Jashesitated before responding, Ill decide where I want to go as soon asI know Im far enough away from Aguares that the trackers wont findme.
Sounds like a wise plan, Mathen said.
Theycontinued to chat about random things as they continued to travel. Mostly Mathen asked Jas about himself while Jas shared as little aspossible. They saw no animals, which wasnt saying much considering howlittle sunlight the eerie trees let in. It was after about a half anhour that Jas said, Look theres sunlight up ahead.
Sureenough sunbeams seemed to shine down to mark the end of the dark woodentunnel. After a few minutes they emerged from the tunnel and into asight Mathen had never seen or even imaginedhed ever see in his life.



Chapter 4

Everywherehe looked there were trees and bushes with lush green leaves. Theground was a carpet of grass and clover. Blossoms and flowers seemed tobloom on every surface. Bees moved happily from flower to flower. Everytree seemed to have small animals of all kinds playing in theirbranches. Sunlight came down through the trees in brilliant shafts oflight making the whole area bright despite the dense greenwood.
Mathenglanced back at Jas and saw his eyes were as wide as saucers as he tookin his surroundings. For a boy who had spent his whole life in a placewhere the land was in an advanced state of decay, the forest must havebeen doubly amazing.
I never knew there were so many squirrels in the whole world! Jas exclaimed in awe.
Neither have I. In all my years and travels Ive never seen anything like it, Mathen responded equally awed.
How come everything is dead back there and alive here? Jas asked glancing back the way they came.
I suspect that its to discourage people from entering in, Mathen guessed.
Mathencontinued to drive the wagon down theonly opening he could see in thedense shrubbery. The path was just wide enough for the wagon and wasamazingly smooth as if it was a well paved road. Even more pleasant wasthe lack of dust which the green carpet prevented from rising into theair.
Asthey traveled they caught glimpses of other animals in the foliage. Deer, elk and other animals of all types seemed to play all around them as they traveled on and on.
Itwas after several more hours that Jas pointed out something that didntquite fit in. At first Mathen thought it was a short tree or a tallbush. Then he got close enough to see another one a couple of yardsfrom it the same size and shape.
Mathenpulled his wagon to a stop for a closer look. It was a pillar of stones,completely covered with vegetation. Looking all around them he could seeparts of three others.
What is it? Jas asked.
I think its the remains of a stone chimney. Mathen answered.
Chimney? You mean there used to be a house here? Jas asked clearly astonished.
SeveralI think. The forest claimed more than a few towns when its bordersexpanded. It didnt occur to me that Id ever enter this forest letalone find ruins in it.
Thisused to be Morenville. If you listen hard you can hear the AgueriusRiver up ahead. If you keep going youll cross the ancient border of the forest by nightfall, Seer stated.
We need to find a place to set up camp before then. So far the vegetation has been too thick,Mathen thought to Seer.
Youhave been provided a road to follow. Keep going and I suspect itsyouve been provided a place to stay for the night as well.
Wedbest get going and find a place to camp before it gets too dark,Mathen said to Jas as he urged the horses to continue on. Then hethought to Seer, You have any clue whats going on here?
I'm not sure. Very little is known about the sacred forests, particularlyAguerius Forest. Few people have ever been allowed to spend much time in any of them. I did know a few that had lived in one for a while but they didn't discuss it much. All I know is the very life of this world is protected by them. That is why the forests have become more hostile towards mankind as man has become more corrupt. Why the forest is interested in helping you is a mystery to me.
Perhaps it wants to help the boy?
Possible, but if the forces here know anything about what we saw of the boy's future than 'helping' might not be what you're thinking.
You don't think all this is just to harm a small child?
The wilderness has little respect for age. Like any wild thing, if it perceives a threat, it will strike to defend its self. This boy isn't just a threat to mankind but a threat to all living.
Mathen squirmed uncomfortably in the front of the wagon. Hopefully Seer was wrong in this case. Either way, he would have to keep an eye on Jas while in the forest.
"What's that sound?" Jas asked.
Mathen listened a moment and then answered, "I think that we're coming up to Aguerius River. It's running high with spring run off right now. Getting across it should be interesting considering the nearest crossing is about fifty miles downstream."
"What happens if there isn't a place here to cross?"
"We'll go where the trail takes us. We really don't have much choice."
The sound of the river grew louderand Mathen started to get glimpses of it throughthe dense foliage. As they came close to the bank they entered a small meadow with the trail leading right to a stone bridge.
"Well, that answers that," Mathen murmured in surprise.
"Is that also part of the town we just went through?" Jas asked.
"I don't think so," Mathen answered, "This bridgelooks newer and up kept."
This bridgewas built after the forest claimed this side of the river. The last bridge to cross the river here was torn down over 1500 years ago. Seer offered.
So who built it? Mathen asked Seer at the same time that Jas asked the same to Mathen.
Mathen listened to Seer's responseand then explained to Jas, "Whatever forces manage and protect this place probably built it to help in those endeavors."
"Oh," Jas said, "I thought since the forest made this path for us, maybe it made the bridge for us too."
"It's possible I suppose, if it is then I'll have to offer what ever built a stone bridge in one day a job in one of my factories," Mathen said with a smile as the wagon began crossing the bridge.
Mathen continued, "We'dbest set up camp here on the north bank while we still have some light left."
Jas muttered a quick "ok" and Mathen began scanningthe north bank for a good spot to set camp as the wagon clambered over the bridge. After arriving at the far end, Mathen steered towards a promising flat area.
Almost as soon as the wagon was clear of the bridge Seer alerted Mathen, You might be interested in knowing your stowaway just deserted.
What?! Mathen turned around and sure enough Jas was off the wagon and running towards the nearest grouping of trees. He also was carrying a sack over his shoulder.
He must have packed a bag of food while he was under the blanket, Seer added and then said, So... Are we going after him or are we going to let some poor creature get indigestion?
Mathen sighed, I'm thinking that I'm in way over my head. We'd best get after him.



Jas couldn't believe how stupid that Necromian guy was. First he caught Jas picking his pocket and lets him off scott free, even thanks him. Then he gives him a free ride out of Aguares. He had no idea what the guy's angle was, but if it was anythinglike the other men Jas knew who pretended to be nice, then he'd have to be completely nuts if he thought he would let his guard down and spend too much time near him.
He was into the trees before that ancient dope could even get off his wagon. He was luckyto find a path through the dense plants and trees. He kept running for a while before leaving the path and entering the thick brush. Staying on the path would be just inviting the old man to find him.
It was getting darker and Jas was sure that between the darkness and plants, there was no way Mathen would be able to find him; so he began looking for a good out of sight place to sleep for the night.
This forest was unbelievable. After all the bad things he'd been told about Aguerius Forest, here he was in the most amazing place he'd ever seen. And it had been right here in his own backyard. If only he had known the truth about this place the first time he had tried to run away; the tracker and sheriff never would've dared to follow him here.
It was just as Jas had found a secluded spot that looked good to spend the night that he heard the growl. It was a loud deep growl behind him and it didn't sound near the ground. Jas' blood turned to ice as he slowly turned to face the source of the growl. It was a wolf, but Jas would've felt a thousand times better if it had only been a regular wolf. This wolf looked about twice the size of a bear.
Jas was frozen, his body held still involuntarily as if it thought maybe the beast wouldn't notice it if it didn't move. But it didn't work. The wolf stared him straight in the eyes.
Then the wolf charged right at him and not only did Jas' body find its ability to move but he took off like an arrow. He ran dodging around and between the trees. He could hear the huge wolf crashing through the forest right behind him. Luckilythe size of the wolf gave him a small advantage as the wolf had to go around clusters of trees that Jas could fit between. He was just nearing one of these clusters when he felt a rush of air on his back which could only be the wolf's breath. Distracted in a moment of panic, Jas lost his footing and fell between two large trees which most likely saved him, for the moment he fell he heard the wolf's jaw snap above him.
As he hit the ground, Jas rolled the rest of the way into the cluster of trees and after rolling onto his back, he crawled away backwards with the wolf snapping at him from between the trees.
Pulling back, the wolf began moving around the trees. Jas spun himself around to a crouching position knowing in his head that the wolf had him but his bodywas refusing to give up. He sprang forward without even looking where he was going and didn't even get two steps before running smack into Mathen.
Well, that was good news as far as Jas was concerned. The wolf could have a nice big meal and Jas could use that time to get as far away as possible. Jas tried to run around Mathen but he felt Mathen grab his arm and quickly found himself pushed against a tree with the Necromian standing between him and the wolf.
He hit, kicked, and struggled for all he was worth but Mathen held him tightly pinned as he shouted at the wolf, "That's enough!"
The wolf stopped just a couple of feet away but Jas continued to try to free himself. If the stupid grown up wanted to try to talk to the blood thirsty monster, that was his business; meanwhile he couldn't see why he couldn't put as much distance between him and the creature as he could.
Meanwhile Mathen continued to speak to the wolf. "This boy is with me. We apologize if we trespassed noble wolf; it was not our intention to offend. However, if you mean any harm on this child, it will have to be after I'm dead."
Jas was completely uninterested in this exchange, he was only interested in getting away before the wolf got bored with the talking man and ate them. Since he couldn't seem to fight his way from Mathen he just started yelling, interrupting the one way conversation.
"If you want to get eaten, feel free, but let me go!"
"Calm down and follow my lead," Mathen whispered back before addressing the wolf again. "I beg you to please allow us both to pass in safety."
Jas didn't stop struggling but he did take a peek around Mathen as best he could pinned to the tree.
The wolf moved to a sitting position a few feet away from them. Towering above them the wolf was still a terrifying sight, but it seemed to actually be listening to what Mathen was saying.
Jas stopped struggling and Mathen leaned forward a little freeing him up enough to let Mathen pull him out a step from behind him and said to the wolf, "We will take our leave now and we thank you for your graciousness."
Mathen then bowed respectfully to the wolf and whispered to Jas to do the same. Could this be really happening? This guy was talking and bowing to an overgrownwolf and now he expected him to do the same to the monster that just tried to eat him? The wolf fixed its eyes on Jas and gave a low growl prompting him to quickly bow.
Jas waited till Mathen rose before getting up himself. The wolf passivelystared at Mathen who stepped away from the wolf pulling Jas with him keeping himself between the wolf and the boy.
"What was that?" Jas asked as moved out of sight of the enormous wolf.
Mathen seemed to think a while as Jas had noticed he often did when asked a question; then he answered, "I think it was the Wolf King."
"Wolf King?"
"Legends say thatMundial, the God of life created all animals and plants and created lords and kings to rule over them. I believe that was one of them," Mathen explained as he continued to lead Jas by the arm at a brisk pace back towards the river.
As they walked away Jas couldn't help but begin to wonder what the deal was with this man. It's true that many grownupsact nice but only till they want something from you. Once they decide it's timethey always stop being nice and then threaten, beat, or just force what they want. But he'd never seen an adult offer to die for anyone, let alone for him. What could he have gained if the wolf had eaten him? He had to have had some reason, some angle that Jas just couldn't see.
"I can walk on my own -- Let go!" Jas demanded sharply, shaking himself loose from Mathen's grasp.
Mathen released his arm and said, "I apologize for handling you so. I saw you in danger and felt I needed to act quickly."
"Why did you follow me?" Jas asked in an accusing voice as he turned his back to Mathen and started walking down the path.
"You left suddenly. I didn't get the chance to warn you that leaving the path that the forest made for us might be dangerous. We are guests here. This forest is not for humans. Of course as I said, you may come and go as you wish. I only wanted to make sure you under-"
Jas stopped suddenly and interrupted, "If this forest isn'tfor humans, than what's that for?"
In front of themwas a large stone house. It looked old but not falling apart, crumbling old. More like old but well up kept. Mathen's wagon was parked on one side with the horses in a small corral on the other side eating from a troth. There were lights on in the windows and smoke coming from the chimney and the faint smell of food cooking in the air.
Jas glanced back at Mathen who was staring at the house with a confused look on his face. He blinked and shook his head as he said, "This isn't where I left the wagon."
"Well someone built the house; and someone unhitched the horses."
"The only family that was ever able to live on this side of the river was the Aguerius Family that ruled over this province nearly two thousand years ago, but they only lived here a few generations before giving the land back to the forest... Wait by the wagon, I'll go take a look," Mathen explained.
Mathen started walking towards the house which was becoming darker by the second in the failing light. Jas hesitated a moment not sure what to do. A rustle in the bushes behind him made the decision for him. Although he didn't like or trust Mathen, he decided it was better to be in a weird house with him than out here in the dark where wolves could swallow him whole.
Jas followed Mathen to the door rather than go to the wagon as he was told. Mathen didn'tseem to care about the disobedience but he did signal Jas to wait a few steps back as they arrived at the door which was open.
"Hello? Any one in there?" Mathen called from the opening.
When no answer came, Mathen stepped into the doorway and looked inside. After peering inside a moment he stepped inside and signaled Jas to follow.
Jas hesitated once again. He couldn't think of a single time being alone with an adult had ever turned out good for him. But once again the alternative was to stay out alone in the dark in a monster infested forest. Taking a tentative stepinto the house he saw a large but nearly empty room. All that was in the room was a pile of wood by the fireplace on the wall to the right, which had a fire under a pot that contained something that smelled really good and also some dishes nearby. In the two corners on either side of the fireplace was a bedroll. The bedroll in the far corner looked like it was made of cloth and had been well used. The one in the nearer corner appeared to be made from furs that were the right size for an older child.
"That's my bedroll and my pot over the fire," Mathen stated.
"And the other bedroll?"
"I only had one in the wagon. I wasn't expecting a traveling companion."
"What should we do?" Jas asked.
"I think... It would be a bad idea to insult the forest by rejecting itshospitality."



Chapter 5



The two doors to the rest of the house were locked. Whatever set out the bedrolls had the foresight to know exactly where Jas would want his- close enough to the fire to be warm but also close enough to a window and the outside door that he had two ways out if any threats came up.
The stew was the most amazing thing he has ever tasted. Granted the gruel they fed him at the orphanage was the only thing he really had to compare it to.
The bedroll was also amazing. It was a little big for him, but it was both warm and extremely soft. It was hard not to fall fast asleep but Jas was determined not to fall asleep until he was sure that Mathen was asleep.
As he lay on the furs staring at the ceiling, an excitement started to stir inside him. Excitement and also fear. He was away from the orphanage, he hasn't been caught by the tracker and he hadn'tbeen beaten for trying to run away. On the other hand he had been inches from getting his head bit off by an oversized wolf.
He also had no idea what he was going to do once he found a way to ditch Mathen. He needed to find a place that the tracker and the sheriff wouldn't be able to find him and take him back to Aguares. It was clear now that Aguerius Forest was out of the question.
Jas must have fallen asleep because the next thing he knew he was in a dream. In this dream he could hear birds chirping outside creating a pretty melody. He was still in the room in the house but it had that dreamlike feeling and he found himself moving towards the door without even thinking about it
Stepping into the doorway he looked outside and saw a beautiful horse walking by the house, but it wasn't a regular horse. It was a white horse that seemed to faintly glow. It also had a long horn coming from the top of its head.
He found himself following the horse, and thought to himself that it was a good thing it was a dream because otherwise he'd be terrifiedat leaving the house and going into the forest alone again. He followed the horse for what seemed like a long time when it walked up to a figure standing by some torches that looked like a middle aged man until Jas got a closer look.
"You're an elf... No wait... A half elf?"
The strange person smiled at him with intense blue eyes. He had light brown hair and elvish ears but they weren't as pointed as full-blooded elves.
"Youre very perceptive for one so young. I am the guardian of this forest; what do you think of it?" the half-elf announced.
Jas ignored the question and stated," This is a dream."
"You may believe that if you wish," he said as he stroked the back of the white horse.
"What kind of horse is that?"
"She's the Unicorn, the spirit of the world."
"Spirit of the world?"
"Yes. The life of this world is connected to her. She is the one who gives life to this world."
"She'sbeautiful," Jas continued, "but... But she..."
"Looks sick?"
"Yeah."
"She is old. When she was first created she was immortal, but when the gods that created her were destroyed, she began to age. As she grows old, the world ages with her. You've seen the effects of it on the farms around Aguares."
"So the world-"
"It's really not your concern," the Guardian said, "The world will not die in your time. I brought you here only to give you a warning. Do not leave Mathen while in this forest for any reason."
"Why?" Jas asked.
"The forest allowed you to enter only because Mathen was in danger. He declared that you were under his protection. So as long as you stay with him, you will be safe here."
"What's so special about Mathen?" Jas asked getting annoyed.
The stranger's face hardened as he responded, "Have you ever met a man willing to die to protectan ungrateful thief? Men who genuinely care about others are hard to find. Therefore the forest considers such a man as worth saving. You on the other hand seem to be destined to become just like those people that you are running from."
"What do you know? The only way to get anything in this life is to take it," Jas said defensively.
"Who taught you that?"
"The..." Jas stopped himself but he'd already fallen into the trap.
"The sheriff is the one that taught you that. Apparently you've decided that he's the one you're going to emulate, in spite of the fact you're running away to get away from him and in spite of the bruises you even now carry from him and the judge."
"Shut up!" Jas screamed at him. Dream or not, he wasn't going to let some strange person talk to him like this. "Just shut up! You don't know anything!"
Suddenly the plants on either side of him attacked him, the branches suddenly wrapping around his arms, legs, and neck; trapping him before he could do anything. In an instant he was completely trapped.
The Guardian now spoke angrily. "Watch your tone with me! Whether you live or die in this forest is my decision. I have sympathy for the things you have endured, but rather than reject the ways of those that have abused you, you have begun to emulate them. While you live in fear of the adults, the younger children in the orphanage have begun to fear the older boys like you along with their fear of the adults. Some of their bruises were given by you.
"You wish to know what is special about Mathen? He has spent his time to improving the situation of you, the other orphans, and the town of Aguares at great cost to his resources and at risk of his life. He stands apart from other men while you merely follow the bad examples of others. He is one of the last great forces of good left in this world while you are becoming just another drop in the river of filth that mankind has become."
"You're wrong! I...I... I'll be far greater than Sheriff Ajant or Mathen," Jas said trying to show a brave face but feeling terrified. This dream was quickly starting to feel more real by the second.
"You first have to make sure you live long enough to accomplish that goal. Remember the warning I gave you. If you leave Mathen's protection or ever return to this forest, I can promise you that you will not survive to accomplish your designs," the Guardian said in a calmer tone, "Do I have your word you will follow these instructions?"
With the plants tying up his arms, legs, and threatening to choke him, it wasn't like he had much choice. So Jas nodded in agreement.
"Very well," the Guardian nodded his approval and said, "Now you need rest so I believe it is time to wake up from this 'dream' as you call it."
The tune of the bird's chirping changed and the feel of the plants loosening was the last thing Jas remembered of his experience with the Guardian of Aguerius Forest before waking up the following morning.


Chapter 6



Mathen awoke as morning's light first began to creep into the room and became a red glow behind his eyelids. He sat up quickly when he realized it was morning. He hadn't intended to fall asleep, not after the wolf attack on Jas the night before.
Don't feel too bad. I don't think anyone could have resisted the amount of magic used on you and Jas last night, Seer spoke up.
What?! Mathen shifted his attention to Jas who was in his bedroll on the other side of the room. He could see the furs raising and falling with calm steady breaths and a peaceful look on his face that contrasted deeply with the angry and suspicious looks he always wore while he was awake.
Don't worry, Seer assured, He's fine. And I don't think you need to worry about the forest doing him any harm.
What happened? Mathen asked.
Hypnotic magic was used to put you to sleep while it lured Jas outside. I couldn't see or hear what happened but after the incident with the wolf I really didn't expect to ever see him again but after about an hour he was brought back.
Brought back?
Seer seemed to hesitate before answering, The Guardian of the Sacred Forests.
The Guardian was here?
You're surprised? All the stories and legends about him focus around this forest. It's his home.
I just didn't think... What did he want with Jas?
I don't know. As I said I couldn't see or hear anything. He didn't kill the boy so I guess that first: he doesn't know about our vision and second; his feelings towards humanity has improved in the last few hundred years.
You got nothing from him while he was here?
Only that I think your guess the other day looks most probable.
My guess?
I think the forest, more particularly the Guardian, has an interest in helping the boy.
The Wolf King didn't seem interested in helping last night.
And during this attack the Guardian was setting out a bedroll for the boy that he later carefully tucked him into. Also, as much as the boy fears and distrusts you, that wolf attack now has him more scared to be without you than with you. He seems to want the boy to be with you.
Mathen shook his head not sure what to think of it.
What have I gotten myself into?
What youre best at. Helping people. I'm still not sure of the wisdom of helping this boy, but anyone can see the wisdom of you being the one to try, Seer assured.
If I mess this up, it will be the world that suffers.
If you do nothing the world will still suffer. The world is dying -- nothing will stop the suffering to come from that. You can only help stop the suffering that humans inflict on each other and themselves. And seeing -- the boy is waking up. Just remember all you can do is your best, and trust your gut.
Mathen turned his attention back to Jas who was stirring in his bedroll, rolling onto his back. The boy's eyes slowly opened and began looking around the room.
"Good morning!" Mathen greeted him cheerily.
Without hardly moving his head, Jas' eyes focused on Mathen and instantly broke out into a scowl. Mathen ignored the look and continued, "I suppose I should get breakfast ready.
Mathen got up and started to tend the fire and get some food prepared. Meanwhile Jas sat up and started examining his hands and arms. Mathen glanced over the boys shoulders and noticed some red marks on his wrists and on his neck.
"What happened?" Mathen asked.
Jas spun around and his scowl deepened. After only a moment he looked away and said, "I just got some scratches from the bushes outside when I went out to pee."
"I have some ointment in the wagon if you need some. It would help heal faster," he said smiling. Then he thought to Seer as he went back to preparing breakfast, You didn't mention the scratches.
I couldn't see them from my position. As annoying as this kid is I'm surprised that the kid didn't get squashed like a bug. I still think if there were bad intentions towards the boy then it would have happened by now despite anything you could do. If I were you, I'd get used to the kid being around.
Mathen tried hard to believe Seer, but the facts that Mathen could see was still overwhelming. Here he was in a forest that seemed to switch from being friendly to hostile and back from one moment to the next; with a troubled boy who was mostly hostile and was on an apparently destined course to be one of the most sick, twisted, and bloodthirsty villains the world would ever see. Not feeling in over his head was certainly out of the question.
Jas was quiet throughout breakfast despite several attempts from Mathen to start small conversation. After eating, Jas just sat on the back of the wagon as Mathen packed everything up, and got the horses and wagon ready.
Well, he doesn't seem to be in much a hurry to go off on his own today, Mathen thought to Seer as he started the wagon following the path in a northeasterly direction.
Yes, but he doesn't seem happy about it either. I'd love to know what happened last night; he didn't seem this withdrawn even after the wolf attack, Seer answered.
Mathen would've liked to have known also but he was afraid to ask directly. He knew the boy already disliked him and he feared pushing him might prompt him to try to go off alone again. So he made a few more attempts at small conversation but got no response. Even through most of lunch they ate in silence.
As they neared the end of lunch, Jas finally broke his silenceand looking down at his food asked, "What... What makes someone important?"
Caught off guard, Mathen hesitated before answering, "Well... I suppose being someone or having a quality that other people value."
"What do people value?"
"Depends on the person. Different people value different things. Some might value courage, or a talent. Others may have great intelligence, or they might be a great warrior," Mathen answered.
"Why are you important?" Jas asked looking up directly into Mathen's eyes with a glare that could scare a succubus.
"I'm not sure I'd really call myself important. What gave you the impression I was?"
"I..." Jas started to speak and then hesitated as he appeared to go deep into thought. "The sheriff and judge were talking about you. They were arguing about how important you were."
"I'd say it was more likely they thought the money that my business and I could bringthem was the important thing."
"So having money makes you important?" Jas asked.
Mathen took a moment to think. He had to plan his words carefully. "I've seen that while many people place much value in money, rarely do they put much value on the one who has it. Tell me this, you say you heard the sheriff and judge talking about me? I'm willing to bet my money was the focus of their conversation. Would you say my money was protecting me or was it putting me in danger?"
Jas didn't answer. Instead he focused at the ground in front of him. After waiting in silence a few more moments Mathen continued, "Money may be a thing that people value, but remember it does not value you in return. It wasn't my money that saved us."
"Why? Why did he save you then?" Jas demanded.
"He? Who are you talking about?" Mathen asked.
"The Guardian! Why does he think youre so important?" Jas asked getting to his feet and raising his voice.
"I...I don't know why he helped us," Mathen answered honestly.
"You! He only did it for you! Jas screamed at him and began stomping off. He only went about 10 feet when a wolf howl sounded off in the near distance and he stopped in his tracks. He stood there for a few moments unmoving. Mathen watched the boy's shoulders slump and crestfallenly looking at the ground turned and walked back to the wagon and sat down.
I'm starting to think I might have been one of the subjects of the Guardian's talk with Jas last night, Mathen thought to Seer.
I'd have to agree with you. And would you like to know the odds that the wolf howl was a coincidence? The Guardian is playing that kid like a harp, Seer answered.
He's having a greater impact on the boy than I am. Think I could convince him to adopt him instead of me?
Leave a disturbed, annoying, future psychopath with a short tempered, ultra-powerful being who could feed the little beast to a big wolf or otherwise snuff him out with just a thought? Are you sure you want MY opinion?
No, I don't think I do. I just...Everything I try seems to fail and Jas just hates me more and more.
You need to remember; Jas only has experience with two types of adults. Mean ones that hurt him and ones that pretend to be nice before hurting him more than the mean ones. Can you blame him for being on guard? Something to think about is he no longer is pretending with you. Whether he's gained some respect for you or he's pushing you to see how far you'll keep up what he thinks is pretense, or both, I'd call it some progress.
So you think he'd trust me more if I started acting mean? thought Mathen sarcastically.
If youre committed to really saving this kid, I think you should just keep doing what you're doing, but if you're expecting fast results then you should give up now. This is a long term commitment at best.
I have a feeling this trip is going to feel like a long term commitment, Mathen thought as he got up and cleaned up lunch and returned to the wagon.
Neither one spoke for the rest of day's trip. Mathen spent the rest of the day brainstorming. Sadly Seer wasn't forthcoming with either good advice or with any visions or feelings that could help.
Upon finding a place to camp at the end of the day, Mathen quickly set up camp and set supper to cooking. He then went back to the wagon and started rummaging through things. He always brought a few books with him on long trips to help him relax. After searching a minute he finally found a book titled "Epic Stories", a collection of stories from ancient times.
"Jas, I'm sorry I couldn't answer your question very well earlier, but I have something that might help you find your answer," Mathen said.
Jas was still sitting silently on the back of the wagon but he turned around and fixed Mathen with a blank yet somewhat expectant stare. So he continued and asked, "Did they teach you any reading in that orphanage of yours?"
Jas still didn't answer but by the down cast expression on the child's face he guessed that the answer was no. So it surprised him when Jas finally spoke up and said, "They taught us enough, although we weren't supposed to let anyone know."
"Why not?"
"People are less careful about what they leave out when they believe you can't read it," Jas answered.
Mathen sighed inwardly wondering if there was anything the judge didn't use the kids for. Pushing back his raising anger he continued, "I have a book that might be able to help with your question. It's full of stories about people that were so important that we still tell their stories nearly two thousand years later in some cases. You can borrow it if you'd like."
Mathen awkwardly handed Jas the book who took it without a word or even a look. Not sure of what else he could say he then went back to preparing supper.



The book was far harder to read than Jas had expected. The Judge had only taught them a few keywords and enough to sort out things that could be of worth from things that weren't. He could at least make out enough to get the general idea of the story.
Jas had spent the next day sitting on the back of the wagon looking through the book, skimming the stories looking for ones that might give up something useful. Mostly it was about idiots that seemed to only have the goal of dying to help people not clever enough to help themselves.
One story that did catch his attention was one called "The Orphan King". It was about an orphan just a year older than Jas. At first the kid seemed as stupid as the rest of the so called 'important' people. He overhears some men talking about killing the king and nearly gets himself killed trying to warn the king instead of doing the smart thing and taking care of himself.
The king however was so grateful that he took the boy into his own house where he eventually married the king's granddaughter and later became king himself.
Jas didn't think nearly getting killed was worth it all, especially since there was no guarantee that he'd get anything, but it did give Jas an idea. Could it be that Mathen really believed that these crazy people were worth being like? Could it be he was really helping Jas and didn't expect anything from him?
It was doubtful; he couldn't imagine anyone actually being like that. Yet, if he was, then Jas had an opportunityof a lifetime. The one good thing that the judge had taught him was to look for and take advantage of people's weaknesses.
Mathen could deny being important but he owned factories with hundreds of workers and servants at his command. At least that's what the sheriff had said. He had also said that Mathen had lots of riches but the judge had argued he was too powerful to risk anything with.
They made Mathen sound like a king and if Jas could somehow get Mathen to like him then not only might Jas find someplace safe to stay, but he might be able to take Mathen's place one day. Then he'd be like a king and prove to everyone that he was important.
Jas wasted no time putting his plan into action. When they stopped that evening he helped get the cooking utensils out while Mathen set up the bedrolls and then gathered some fire wood while Mathen used some kindling from the wagon to start a cooking fire.
"Your being helpful today," Mathen said as he started supper.
"I... I just wanted to thank you for... You know, saving me from the wolf," Jas answered.
"I appreciate the help. Are you enjoying the book?"
"Yes, I am." (I do enjoy the parts where stupid people get killed for their stupidity) Jas thought silently after answering.
"Have you come any closer to the answer to your question?" Mathen asked.
"A little I think," Jas answered, "Most of the people in the stories used a lot of magic."
"I don't suppose they taught you much about that; did they?" Mathen asked.
Jas shook his head and asked, "No, how do you use magic?"
"Well," Mathen paused a moment with a thoughtful look, "Human magic is created through some type of work. Our actions allow us to make magic that can increase our ability to do the action or to create magical connections,"
"How?" Jas asked.
Mathen seemed to think for a few more moments then got up and said, "I'll be right back."
He walked over to the wagon and rummaged around a bit before returning with a piece of stone and a set of small chisels with a little hammer.
"This is a sample from the quarry in Aguares." he picked up one of the chisels and the hammer and started breaking off pieces of the stone.
"The more skill you have at a task the more effective the magic will be. As you work, imaginewhat it is you want the magic to do."
As Jas watched, Mathen quickly chisel away and could already see the stone start to take the shape of a person. After a couple of minutes he had the basic shape done.
"Then when it's all ready you use your heart to push those desires and plans into reality."
Mathen put the chisel down and took the hammer and gave the top of the stone a very light tap. As the hammer made contact with it, the outside layer of the stone just crumbled to dust and fell away leaving a small yet very detailed statue of a little boy.
Jas took the statue and studied it closer when Mathen offered it to him. The details were impossibly perfect. Even the boy's expression was perfect; it looked to be a cross between curious and amazed. The face also looked familiar.
"Is that me?" Jas asked looking up.
"Yes. It is also connected to you as the expression on the statue will always match what you are feeling. It's a gift for you to keep."
"Really?" Jas asked as he looked back down at the statue. Sure enough the expression on it looked a little more uncertain then it had a moment ago.
In the orphanage he had never been given anything that was just for him. Now he was holding a statue magicallycreated just for him. No one would do that without wanting something. Would they?





Chapter 7

Mathen had thought it was bad enough having Jas hate him all the time. Now with only one day of reading a book, the kid suddenly had become...Pleasant.
Sadly it appeared to be the same friendly act he had been using right before he had tried to pickpocket him the day they first met. Frankly it put Mathen on edge.
Although he had to admit he at least was able to get some decent conversations during the day's travel. This night they camped at the foot of the Balger Hills. He had told the story to Jas about the legends concerning nearby Demon Mountain and its connection to the Necromian Race.
He was just beginning to describe the legend about the Lich Lords when he was interrupted by a large roar above them that made them both jump. Looking up, Mathen saw a brown mountain dragon flying high above them.
"Is that...?" Jas started to ask as he gazed upward with wide, amazed eyes.
"Yes, a mountain dragon," Mathen answered glancing at Jas. For the first time since Mathen had met the boy he saw the pretense disappear and could only see a wonder filled, normal 8-year-old.
"There was a time they could only be found in the Dividing Mountains. Now they are almost extinct there because of hunting." Mathen said returning his gaze upward.
"Is it true people used to ride them?"
"Rumors are elves still do. They say the dragons that had been used as war mounts when they were forest dragons were tamable after becoming Mountain dragons," Mathen said as the dragon flew out of view.
"Aren't there forest dragons in this forest? We haven't seen any.
"If we were close enough to see a forest dragon then we would already be too close for comfort," Mathen answered.
"Why?"
Forest dragons are large, strong, and have a reputation for being fierce. Even most animal lords would be hard pressed to survive an encounter with one of those. After all, according to myth, the god of life, Mundial created dragons to rule over all his creations."
"They don't rule over people do they?" Jas asked.
"No, the same legend says that human, elves, and demons were made by other gods and are not subject to dragons."
"Oh," Jas responded seeming to take a moment to take it all in before asking, "So... the animal lords rule over their type of animal but are subject to dragons?"
"That's the legend."
"Subject to any dragon?"
"I'm... not sure. I never thought about it," Mathen confessed.
"I just remember one of the stories in that book had a bear lord and a forest dragon fight each other."
"Well, it is just a legend after all. Who can tell what parts, if any are true, or how the relationships work."
"I wish I could have a pet dragon, one that could fly and was stronger than any other." Jas said.
"What would you do with it?" Mathen asked.
"Anything we wanted," Jas answered.
You know; torch an army, take over the civilized world and destroy as much as possible, Seer added.
That's enough, Mathen thought to Seer and then said to Jas, "I must admit a large flying dragon would be nice. For one I could be home in less than a day from here, and I'd be able to skip over having to travel through these hills."
"Are these hills dangerous?"
"No more than the rest of the forest I suppose. It's just a lot of ups downs and arounds. It just makes traveling more difficult. And with that in mind I think we should eat this supper which I think is ready and then get some rest."
A couple of hours later he was trying to fall asleep. One nice thing about Jas always sleeping on the far side of camp from Mathen was it put some distance between him and the boy's impression of a mill saw he often did as he slept. Unfortunately the distance only slightly helped.
This night he apparently picked a spot to camp near a tree of noisy birds. So between the birds and Jas, sleep didn't seem to be an option. How Jas could sleep through the birds was beyond him.
Mathen continued to lay there with his eyes closed when suddenly Seer spoke up, You have a visitor that would like to speak to you I think.
Sitting up and opening his eyes Mathen found a middle-aged man sitting on a stump in the middle of camp next to the fire. Jas was still happily snoring on the other side of the man and seemed to be fine at the moment.
"I do not intend any harm to the boy, or to you," the man opened.
"Who are you?" Mathen asked.
"I'm sure you already have an idea. I'm sure Seer has at least said something about me," the man answered.
"You are the Guardian of the forest?"
"Yes, I figured I should introduce myself since I've already had a talk with Jas," The Guardian said.
"I hope it doesn't leave as many scratches on me as it did on Jas," Mathen accused.
"I needed him to listen to what I was saying. I also needed to be sure he feared to leave you. The plants were only supposed to restrain him. He was a little too squirmy," the Guardian answered.
"I really don't think-"
"I really don't care," the Guardian interrupted, "I may not have much influence outside of this forest anymore but I can see Aguares just fine and I've been watching Jas since he arrived there. He's suffered more than you will ever know. He has however responded to that suffering by passing that suffering on to the younger boys he shared a room with. I know what he is becoming. So tell me what are you planning to do to help him?"
Mathen stared at his feet. What could he do? He wouldn't know what to do with a normal child let alone one with Jas' problems. If Mr. Stoneman succeeded, then maybe send him back to the orphanage.
If you send him back there then you know that civilization will burn in the fires he creates, Seer warned
I don't think I can do this. Mathen thought.
The Guardian thinks you can.
I'm not interested in the opinion of a person whose idea of teaching a child is tying him up with vines and threatening him.
"I'm still waiting for an answer. Or do you always discuss everything with Seer?" The Guardian asked impatiently.
"You seem to know a lot about Seer, how is that?" Mathen asked.
"I've had dealings with Seer before, long ago. I know you saw the boy's future and I would like to know what you plan to do about it."
Mathen sighed in despair. "I'm not sure what to do, but the boy deserves a chance to learn what love is and to be shown a better way than he's seen. He needs the chance to choose his own future."
"How far are you willing to go and how much are you willing to sacrifice to do that?" the Guardian asked.
"All that's mine to give."
"For a boy who hates you and has done nothing but take advantage of you?"
"I have to try.
The Guardian nodded approvingly, "That's commendable. Can you love him as if he was your own son?"
Mathen hesitated a moment as he checked his feelings, then responded confidently, "I already do."
The Guardian smiled and said, "Then I put myconfidence in you. The best advice I can give is to take account of Seer's advice, but trust your feelings."
"Can you answer one question?"
"Ask."
"You could see what was happening in that town and you could really do nothing?"
The Guardian was the one to look at his feet now. After a moment he answered without looking up, I told the boy that the spirit of Mundial, the Unicorn, is ageing. When the gods that created this world died, the Unicorn and the world lost its source of life and power. So it began to draw from the only being left powerful enough to sustain it, me.
"My mother was an elf; my father was Mundial, God of Life. When I die there will be no other to sustain the world. It will die with me. For me to act outside of a sacred forest would shorten my life. I am far older than I look. And I think Seer can tell you how little I have left.
"I cannot intentionally doom millions to an untimely death. I can trust men such as you to help make those lives worth living. And give you what aid I can while you are here."
Seer? Mathen thought to the fieles.
Yes, what he's saying about the world being connected to his life is true. As he's gotten older, so have both the Unicorn and the world. When he dies the world will die with him.
You've never mentioned this.
It's information that's his to give, not mine, Seer answered.
"I... am grateful," Mathen said to the Guardian, "for helping us get away from Aguares and giving us safe passage through the forest."
"Is there anything else I can do for you while you're still in my forest where I can assist you?'
"Yes, advice on how to teach a boy with no trust in people how to trust and care."
"I think you're doing fine, but tomorrow I will send the boy a gift I think could help you," the Guardian said with a twinkle in his eye.
"What kind of gift?" Mathen asked.
"One that will take care of him as well as he takes care of it. You'll know it when you see it."
"I don't understand."
"You will. Now you need to get some rest. I'll make crossing the Balger Hills as easy as I can, but you still need your sleep," the Guardian said standing up.
"Wait..." Mathen started but suddenly the tune of the birds chirping changed and he suddenly felt a wave of sleepiness come over him. He rubbed his eyes for just a second but when he looked again the Guardian was gone.
"Where? How did he do that?" Mathen asked aloud.
Appearing and disappearing has always been his specialty. You on the other hand best get to your bedroll before you pass out, Seer responded.
Mathen moved to his bedroll and got there just as sleep overtook him.



Chapter 8

For the first time since Jas had known him, Mathen slept late. That left him with the dilemma of waking him up or not. If he was going to convince Mathen to take him in then making the old man angry wouldn't be a good idea.
Although if Jas at least got the morning chores done that Mathen normally didhimself, then he might be able to get credit for both letting him get rest and for getting things done so they wouldn't lose traveling time.
It was a misty morning and just a little bit on the cold side so first he needed to get a fire going. Mathen always made a little cone out of small sticks to start it so Jas found all the little sticks he could from the left over wood they had gathered the night before.
The fire pit from the night before was still hot and the sticks started to smokeas he set them up. He was getting thick smoke as he finished making the little cone and finished just in time as a small flame erupted on one side of the cone saving him the need to go search the wagon for where Mathen had put his matches.
It must have been the sound of Jas getting the pot out of the wagon to start boiling water that finally woke Mathen up. He sat up in his bedroll and stared sleepily at nothing for a couple of minutes before turning to Jas and smiling as he greeted him.
"Good morning. Looks like you've been busy."
"You looked tired so I thought I'd help," Jas responded then silently added in his mind, You better notice I've been working hard while you've been wasting time being lazy.
"I greatly appreciate it. I had a difficult time falling asleep last night. I'll go ahead and finish getting things ready to cook breakfast while you go ahead and finish getting some water," Mathen said getting up.
Jas turned and started towards the small stream they had camped near rolling his eyes. Even right after waking up, this guy never stopped with the whole cheerful, nice guy act.
The grass along the stream was nearly waist-high and was wet with morning dew. Even walking as careful as he could he could still feel water soaking through his shoes and pants. He filled the water pot thinking about how long it would take for them to dry out. At least he'd be able to ride in the wagon and not have to walk around in them.
He was walking back and just a step from leaving the tall grass a few feet from where Mathen was organizing food near the fire when he suddenly felt something start crawling up the back of his pant leg fast. Jas gave a shout of surprise and dropped the pot of water as he swung around to try to both dislodge whatever it was and try to get a glimpse of what it was. Whatever it was , not only did it stay on but it moved up so quickly he only got a small glimpse of fur as he felt small claws move up the back of his shirt.
"Get it off," he yelled as he tried to reach for it but it had stopped at that one hard to reach spot on the back.
"Hold still, I have it," Mathen said arriving quickly to Jas' side. Mathen put one hand on Jas' shoulder to probably try to hold him still and Jas felt the back of his shirt lift away as Mathen pulled the creature away from him. Then with a high pitch "Meow" the small claws let go and it was off.
Jas turned around and stared at the creature that had scared him out of his wits and nearly caused him an embarrassing loss of control of some bodily functions.
"A Kitten?!"
In Mathen's hands was a kitten with a white belly and chest, and with grayish strips on its back and sides. It looked at Jas with bright emerald-green eyes and let off another high pitch "Meow".
"Looks like you made a friend," Mathen said with a chuckle.
What was a stupid kitten doing in the middle of the forest a million miles from anything? More importantly what was it doing sneaking up on people and crawling up their legs? Jas took a couple of breaths to calm himself down.
Meanwhile Mathen put the kitten on the ground where it immediately scampered back to Jas and started rubbing the side of its face and body against his legs. Jas had to fight back the impulse to kick the stupid thing clean to the stream; at least while Mathen was standing right there watching.
After his calming breaths, Jas finally asked, "What do you think it's doing out here?"
"I'm not sure," Mathen said, "If it was born wild it should be scared of people, not climbing up legs and trying to cuddle with them.
"Well what should we do?"
"I'd leave it alone; hopefully it will go find its mother. It looks like it's old enough to be eating solid food but barely. Not old enough to live by itself," Mathen answered.
Jas looked down at the kitten and said, "Did you hear that? Go home!"
"Just leave it alone. Lets get back to breakfast," Mathen said.
Jas picked up the now empty pot off the ground and went back to the stream. Looking back he could see the kitten's tail bobbing up and down in the tall grass as it went leaping through it after him.
"Stupid cat," Jas mumbled as he filled the pot and stomped back to the campground, the kitten having to dodge Jas' foot as he passed.
Jas put the water down next to Mathen and sat down by the fire staring at it as he heard the kitten's meowing get closer behind him. Then he felt the little claws moving up his back again right up to his shoulder. Jas turned his head to come nose to nose with the kitten which let off another loud meow to which Jas responded, "Get...Off," in a flat tone.
The kitten turned and dropped off and walked around to Jas' side and curled up into a ball right up against him.
"Looks like it's adopted you," Mathen said as he started cooking.
"Greeeaaat," Jas said sarcastically. The problem was he didn't want to be adopted by a tiny ball of fur. He wanted to be adopted by someone with money and power that he could use to make sure everyone knew that he was important.
The cat didn't matter anyway. Soon they would head out for the day and leave it far behind, so Jas just decided to ignore it.
After breakfast Jas helped clean up, all the time with the curious little kitten on his heels investigating everything he was doing, including when he went to conduct business with a tree. He did get a few moments privacy when the cat dashed away after Jas fired a warning shot at the ground right in front of the little snoop. Sadly his shadow was back as soon as he was done.
He was glad when the time came that he hopped onto the back of the wagon and sat on the back edge as Mathen urged the horses forward. Jas waved goodbye to the meowing kitten as it ran behind the wagon quickly losing ground. After a couple of minutes the kitten finally gave up the chase, stopped, and continued meowing which faded with distance.
"It really seemed to like you," Mathen said from the front of the wagon, "I sure hope leaving it was the right thing. What do you think?"
"It was kinda annoying. It's like it wanted something from us," Jas called back.
"The main difference between animals and people is animals don't pretend to like you. If they like you it's because they see something in you that's important to them. If they don't like you then they simply steer clear of you. That kitten sure saw something it found important in you."
"Oh goody," Jas murmured mostly to himself.
As they began traveling, Jas tried to think of different things. Their road was now a winding path between hills that seemed to just get bigger and bigger but his mind kept going back to the kitten and what Mathen had said.
No one and nothing had ever thought of him as important before. People sometimes pretended that they thought he was, but Jas had quickly learned that it was only what they could get from him that they valued. He was nothing to them, nothing to everyone. So what did the stupid cat see?
And why did he keep thinking about it? The hairball was miles back-- either with its mother or providing a snack to a larger animal. It really didn't matter. After several hours Mathen stopped for lunch. As Mathen tended the horses, Jas went to get the sack with various nuts and seeds that they normally used for lunch. As he was opening the sack he was startled to hear a familiar high pitch meow.
It can't be, he thought to himself. Looking over the side of the wagon he saw the kitten lounging on a spot of ground a few feet away where the sun was shining thought the branches.
Mathen stepped away from the horses and started to ask, "Was that the-" Then stopped suddenly when he saw the kitten.
"That's not possible," he said while Jas just stared in stunned silence.
Mathen continued, "There is no way a kitten could keep up with the wagon. Not for that many hours. I wonder..."
Jas looked at Mathen who had a thoughtful look on his face.
"You wonder what?" Jas asked.
"I...I was just thinking we've done a lot of winding around these hills. Maybe it took some short cuts."
"But why is it following us?" Jas asked.
"Well, we already know it likes you. Maybe it has nowhere else to go."
"So what do we do with it?"
"If it's orphaned then it probably won't survive long without someone to take care of it. Since it seems that it wants to be adopted by you, then I suppose it's up to you to decide. It will have to be something to think about while we eat lunch."
Mathen turned around and went back to finish tending the horses while Jas stood there stunned.
He was the one to decide what to do? Why him? He didn't ask for a stupid cat to attach its-self to him. Jas sat down on the bed of the wagon and wondered, what was Mathen's angle on this?
As Jas sat there with these thoughts going around in his head he heard small claws scampering up a wheel followed by more of the same up the side of the wagon. Glancing over he saw standing on the rim of the wagon the kitten, which started pacing back and forth and meowing at him.
Yeah that'sright, Jas thought, I'm deciding your future. Do yourself a favor and don't annoy me.
The kitten finally edged its-self over the side of the rim and dropped to the bed of the wagon. It then trotted over to Jas and started sniffing and investigating everything around him.
It was possible that Mathen was using this as some sort of test. Maybe he was seeing what he would do with the cat to help him decide what to do with him. If that was the case then tossing the thing in the stream and running wasn't an option.
The kitten was sniffing the bag with their lunch in it, so Jas grabbed the end of the coil of rope kept in the wagon and lightly whipped the kitten as he said, "Hey that's our lunch."
As soon as the rope made contact, the kitten, with lightning speed it rolled on its back, grabbed the rope with its front paws and started chewing on it.
"That's not yours either," Jas said pulling the rope quickly out of the kittens grasp. The kitten flipped back onto its paws and crouched down, eyes glued to the rope. Jas waved it back and forth in front of the kitten which moved its head to follow the rope. After a few passes the kitten pounced and attacked.
Jas couldn't help but laugh at such a small thing acting like it was big and ferocious. Yet it was so small and frail. Sheriff Ajant would probably...
He was doing it again. Why did he keep thinking about what Sheriff Ajant would do? That was one person Jas would prefer to forget.
"Amazing how much energy they have," Mathen said, snapping Jas out of his thoughts.
Mathen was watching the kitten as it tried to destroy the end of the rope. Jas pulled the rope from the kitten which once again assumed an attack position.
"It is kinda fun to watch it go after stuff," Jas admitted.
Mathen grabbed the food sack, went around to the back of the wagon and sat down.
"So have you decided yet what to do with her?"
"Her?" Jas asked.
"Yes, it's a female kitten."
"How you know?"
"I got a look at the water works while she was on her back," Mathen answered as he opened the bag.
"Oh... Well I guess if she wants to stick around us then it's ok with me," Jas said as he sat next to Mathen and grabbed a handful of nuts from the bag.
"Well if she's going to join us then we will have to find a name for her," Mathen said before popping some nuts of his own into his mouth.
Name? Now he had to name it? He looked at the kitten which was rubbing against his leg as she paced back and forth glancing at the food in his hand. Looking around for ideas he eventually looked at Mathen and said, "How about Misty? Her fur looks a little misty."
"Sounds good to me; now let's see if I have any food fit for a kitten."

Chapter 9


Misty is my new hero.
Yes, you've mentioned that already - about ten times.
Seer continued, Yes, but the expression on the kid's face when she crawled up his leg. It was priceless.
I know, but I was worried for a bit; the look Jas kept giving her was absolutely murderous. I was a bit surprised he choose to keep her, Mathen responded.
I still think the kid did it more for you and what you said than for any caring for the cat. He's a smart kid and I'd say he understood your adoption references. I think youre also right that his nice act these last few days is to position himself to get adopted by you, Seer said.
I'm just not sure. He might just know that he's stuck with me for now. Until we know his reasons for sure, let's just focus on keeping him safe and helping him know he has nothing to fear from me.
Mathen was driving the wagon in the fading light looking for a good spot to camp for the night. They were just about out of the hills and Jas was in his normal spot in the back of the wagon with Misty. As the day had passed he had heard both giggles and angry, annoyed complaints from him.
So beside hero-worship, what do you think of Misty? Mathen asked.
I think its a Panthera.
A what?
A Panthera; a cat lord. Most of the animal lords have fled to the sacred forests, like our good friend the Wolf King, Seer answered.
So youre saying I just let Jas adopt a cat that's going to be eight feet tall? Mathen asked suddenly alarmed.
Maybe in a thousand years. I've never seen a Panthera before but I've heard they are about the size of a lynx the first hundred years.
Still sounds a bit dangerous.
Don't forget animal lords are highly intelligent. Also the Guardian promised his gift to Jas would be helpful to you and would take care of Jas as well as he takes care of it. I know you have concerns about the Guardian but I would advise trusting him in this matter, Seer reassured.
Mathen sighed and looked back at Jas who was laying on his stomach reading the book Mathen had given him in the fading light. Misty was laying between Jas' shoulder blades on her stomach apparently trying to suck on his shirt while extending and retracting her claws like a nursing newborn kitten. It was by far one of the cutest things Mathen had ever seen and he couldn't help but chuckle a bit at it.
Despite the rocky start Jas and the Misty seemed to be hitting it off well. Maybe the Guardian really knew what he was doing. The last few hours there seemed to be times where Jas didn't even have to fake his smiles.
Don't give all the credit to the Guardian, I still think the things you've said to him has had more influence than anything else.
Thanks, Mathen thought to Seer as he slowed the wagon to a stop near a stream.
"Okay cat - ride's over," Jas said as he turned to his side forcing Misty to jump off.
Thy both quickly got camp set up and dinner cooking, Misty of course playing Jas' shadow as he went about collecting wood and cooking water.
As they went to bed Misty curled up between Jas and the fire pit; Mathen noticed she curled up closer to the fire pit than to Jas which was good considering he often slept like he was in a night long wrestling match, which could've been very dangerous for such a small frail thing.
That morning Mathen revived the fire as Jas went to the creek to get some cooking water. When Jas got back Mathen announced, "From this side of the hills we should be out of the forest and in the town of Pansing tonight."
"Oh," Jas said, his eyes suddenly focused on his toes with a worried look on his face, "So you'll be staying in the hotel there?"
"Yes I will. There will be two beds in the room I rent. If you would like to use the other bed I'm sure we can push them to opposite sides of the room if you'd like."
Jas' eyes darted up to meet Mathen's, "Really?"
Mathen smiled, "Yes but you have to do something first," he said as he picked up a blanket and a bar of soap that had been on a rock next to him.
"While I get breakfast ready I need you to go back to the creek and use this soap on both yourself and your clothes. There is no need to torture the others staying at the hotel. Since we don't have any spare clothes for you, youll need to wrap yourself in the blanket till they dry."
Jas seemed to hesitate so Mathen added, "I promise I will stay up here the whole time and you will have complete privacy. When youre done I'll have breakfast ready for you and I'll go down and get myself cleaned up while you eat and wait for your clothes to dry."
"Ok," Jas said as he seemed to relax a little. Taking the blanket and the soap he headed down to the creek. Mathen finished cooking breakfast and ate his own portion. He just finished putting up the cloths line when he saw Jas returning. He dished out a plate and grabbed a clean set of clothes for himself and made his own way down to the creek.
The water was cold but still it felt good to get all the trail dirt off of him. He took his time washing both himself and his clothes. When he finally returned to camp feeling clean and refreshed he saw Jas had already put his clothes back on despite not being completely dry but that wouldn't hurt anything.
Jas was using the rope to play with Misty again as Mathen started hanging his wet clothes on the line.
"After being filthy for so many days it sure feels nice to be clean isn't it?" Mathen asked.
"I guess," Jas said with a shrug.
"Well let's break camp. By the way these hills mark the border between the Necromian Kingdom and the Yucaipan Republic. Since I don't know exactly where the border is, let me go ahead and welcome you now to the Necromian Kingdom," Mathen added.
They were on the trail by midmorning and were out of the hills and making good time through the forest. Jas seemed to become more and more fond of his new pet as he spent time figuring out more and more games to play with Misty and Mathen was amazed on how'normal' he seemed.
It was just a little after lunch that they came in sight of the trail entering a dead forest just like the one they had passed through when they had first entered the forest. Again Mathen was impressed at the contrast. It was as if they were approaching the very line between life and death. And having spent the last few days surrounded by the greatest concentration of life he'd ever seen, he felt a great heaviness as he realized he'd never again see such a place.
Jas on theother hand seemed to get more excited. Not that Mathen could really fault him. After all, his experience in the forest consisted mostly of his life being threatened and being stuck traveling with a middle aged Necromian he detested yet for some reason found it necessary to pretend to like.
As they rode into the dark tunnel made by the tangle of bare branches and brier bushes Mathen heard a scampering next to him and looked just in time to see Misty drop onto the seat next to him. Jas was there a moment later crawling over the back of the seat from the bed of the wagon where he picked up Misty and sat down. Mathen noted to himself that it was the first time that Jas had sat next to him while traveling. Up till then he had always stayed in the wagon bed.
Mathen was careful not to smile or otherwise make any kind of deal about it. As Jas studied him a moment, he had a feeling if he showed any kind of attention to that thought it would also end up being the last time. So he started talking instead about a random topic.
"So are you looking forward to sleeping in a nice clean bed for a change?"
Jas let a faint trace of a smile pass across his face and seemed to relax a bit. After a moment of thinking Jas answered, "Actually I think the bedroll is far more comfortable than any of the beds the orphanage made us use."
"Well then, this should be a treat for you," Mathen responded.
Jas nodded and the two looked ahead silently for a couple minutes with no sound but the trot of the horses, the roll of the wagon, and Misty's purring and Jas rubbed the back of the kitten's neck. Then he asked, "How long till you think we'll be out of the forest?"
"Back where we entered, it took a little less than an hour I believe. I imagine it should be about the same. With any luck we should be in Pansing at sunset."
Which leads me to ask, when are you going to tell him your intentions about adopting him? Seer asked.
I need to know whether Mr. Stoneman succeeded or not. If he didn't, then my main concern will be not getting arrested for kidnapping, Mathen responded.
Meanwhile the boy has no idea what his future holds for him. You might want to talk to him about your plans before he starts acting on his own.
The boy seemed relieved when I invited him to remain with me for the night. That should give me at least till morning to find if there is news from Aguares.
Seer made no response and they continued on in silence. Before long Mathen spotted a light ahead marking their re-emergence into the regular world; as they exited the forest they left behind the protection it had granted them and Mathen realized their lives were now entirely in his hands.

Chapter 10



After so much time in the forest the sparse trees now seemed few and sad -- once again in a dying world.
It didn't take long after emerging from the forest that they could see the ornate buildings of Pansing. Valen and the surrounding areas was once humanity's center for art and that ancient culture was still reflected in the architecture in its cities, Pansing being no exception.
As they came closer spires, arches, and finely crafted stone walls came into view; through it was small it still looked like a truly magnificently crafted city -- at least it looked that way from a distance.
Mathen knew that the same decay found in the Aguerian Republic also affected his home land. As they neared the city the effects of neglect that weren't visible from afar became more and more apparent; faded paint, walls and fences in disrepair.
The people they passed as they entered the city varied from loud and boisterous to quiet and withdrawn. They also got many stares as they rolled down the street. Or more accurately Jas got stares. Foreigners were rare in Pansing, being out-of-the-way from the main road to Valen, and as roads were becoming increasingly more dangerous, foreign children were an especially rare sight.
As they passed one street corner a woman standing on the corner smiled at Jas and said in Necromian, "Hello Cutie, far from home?" She then broke out in laughter as Jas unconsciously scooted a little closer to Mathen.
While the nightmare Jas was leaving was far worse than where he was now, Mathen realized that never having been outside Aguares, the boy was completely out of his element. He had never been a stranger, been the person that was different, or been in such a busy and active place where people spoke a language that he couldn't understand. It had to be a completely new experience for him and Mathen could see his eyes darting around and taking it all in.
"Is it always like this here?" Jas asked looking up at Mathen.
"Not during most of the day. Pansing is a factory town so it's quiet during working hours. In the evening some of them sometimes celebrate the end of the work day a little too loudly but most people here are harmless.
Mathen pulled the wagon up to a store named 'Cutter Stoneworks' which prompted Jas to ask, "I thought we were going to the hotel."
"We are; this is one of my stores in which I need to conduct some quick business."
As Mathen began climbing down, the store manager, a man named Narp exited the store.
"Mr. Cutter? We weren't expecting you for days," the man said in Necromian.
"Yes, I'm running a bit ahead of schedule," Mathen responded also in Necromian.
"We were a little worried; we received reports of some kind of rebellion in the Aguares area yesterday."
"Is something wrong?" Jas asked.
Narp apparently hadn't noticed the boy and gave Mathen a bewildered look.
"I'm sorry. Narp, this is my traveling companion, Jas. Jas, this is Narp my store manager here in Pansing," Mathen said switching back to Yucaipan for Jas' benefit.
Narp offered his hand as he said, "Pleased to meet you," but Jas only stared leaving Narp in the awkward position of standing there with his hand extended in front of him.
Mathen intervened quickly, "Narp, I need my wagon and horses taken care of and a room in the hotel,"
Narp lowered his hand and giving Jas one final sideways glance turned back to Mathen and said, "Right away, Sir," and then yelled back into the shop, "OSKY! Come out here!"
After a moment a tall thin man much younger than Narp came out of the shop.
"Yes sir?"
"Go to the hotel and arrange a room for Mr. Cutter and his companion while I see to securing the wagon and tend the horses," Narp instructed him.
Mathen added, "If you could see to procuring these items and have them delivered to our room."
Osky took the list and left immediately to take care of the errands.
Meanwhile Mathen motioned for Jas to get down off the wagon as Narp went around to lead the horses and wagon around to the side of the shop.
"You dont think he'll take anything?" Jas asked.
"No," Mathen responded.
"How can you be sure?"
"I don't think you can ever be sure. At some point you have to trust. Narp has never broken my trust, for that he's well paid and my trust increases."
What if he breaks it now?"
"Then he would lose my trust and his job. There is nothing in that wagon worth that," Mathen answered.
Jas seemed to take that in with a thoughtful look but said nothing else.
"What do you say," Mathen started, "that we go get some dinner? I know a good spot."
Mathen lead the way down the street to the Fox's Hole, his favorite place to eat in Pansing. As they entered Jas asked, "What was Narp asking you? He looked really worried about something; it sounded like you said something about a rebellion."
Mathen was impressed. While Necromian was very similar to Yucaipan, it was still pretty good for Jas to be able to pick that out.
"The night that I stayed there in Aguares, Mr. Stoneman told me about how the judge was hurting the orphans. We came up with a plan to get rid of the Judge and have Mr. Stoneman take his place so he could put a stop to the abuse.
It sounds like Mr. Stoneman did his part but it seems word of whether he succeeded or not hasn't arrived here yet," Mathen answered.
Before they could continue the waitress came over and greeted him enthusiastically, "Mr. Cutter! So good to see you!"
"Hello Ovelia. How are your husband and son?" Mathen greeted her warmly.
"Driving me crazy. Just the way I love it. Your usual?" The waitress answered.
"Yes, thank you."
"And what would the handsome young man like," she asked, addressing Jas who gave her a bit of a blank look.
Mathen quickly cut in seeing Jas looked a little confused and said, "Jas hasn't much experience eating out. Let's let him try the same as my order."
"You got it," the waitress said as she turned and left.
Mathen smiled, "If you enjoyed that stew from our first night, I think you're in for a real treat."
"Really?"
"I think so, now where were we?"
"How come you left Aguares and didn't stay to help Mr. Stoneman?" Jas asked.
"My job was to lead Sheriff Ajant and some of his men away from the town for as long as I could. Hopefully trying to go after us into the forest kept him busy long enough."
Jas gave no response other than to look down at the table and start absent-mindedly using his finger to wrestle with Misty who he had set on the table.
After a minute of silence Jas asked without looking up, "Do you think I should go back to Aguares if Mr. Stoneman becomes the new judge?"
"I think what you do with your life should be your decision. I think it might be a good idea to wait till we hear what happened in Aguares before making any final decisions though. We should get word anytime now and you are more than welcome to stay with me as you wait for as long as you'd like."
"Really?" Jas' head jerked up, his eyes grew wide and a grin started to form on his face.
Mathen moved his head forward and answered, "Really!"
Jas' grin stretched out and seemed to touch each ear.
"You don't think I'd leave a friend in a new and strange place without a place to stay did you?" Mathen said unable to contain his own grin.
"Okay you two," the waitress said with false sternness as she arrived with a tray full of plates and cups.
"Enough with those grins. Your faces are so happy and bright you're going to blind the other customers."
Both Mathen and Jas bust out in laughter as the waitress placed plates full of food and cups of milk in front of them, then placing a small bowl in front of Misty, she said, "I brought a little dish of milk for your little friend also."
"Thanks," they both answered simultaneously followed by more laughing.
"What is it," Jas asked looking at his plate.
Mathen answered," Lamb, potato's, and assorted other vegetables with the best assortment of spices I've ever tasted.
The waitress beamed at Mathen then spoke to Jas, "Well give it a try!"
Jas put a piece of meat in his mouth and his eyes widened as he tried to say, "That's really good," with a full mouth.



On the way to the hotel, Jas felt he was floating. Everything seemed to be working out for him; most of the day he had been nervous and uncertain about what would happen when they left the forest. Yes, he was defiantly glad to be out of there. No more wolves, and no more did he have to follow the every whim of the forest or its guardian.
It was just that besides all the scary, annoying, and restrictive things, he was starting feel kinda safe. Besides the wolf and the guardian the first night, he couldn't remember going so many days without someone hurting him.
And while he still harbored some fears about Mathen, Jas was finding himself hoping that he really was what he claimed to be. Besides, the old rich man was turning out better than he had first thought. No one had ever treated him like Mathen had. Everyone treated him like a stupid child to hurt, trick, and take whatever they wanted from. But Mathen treated him and looked at him like he was a real person, and it made him feel what he could only describe as good.
That was the main thing that had made him nervous, that those good things might go away. So when Mathen had offered to let him stay with him as long as he needed it was a huge relief to him.
He'd also been learning so much since arriving in Pansing. He was right in what he had thought a few days earlier about Mathen being like a king; since he'd arrived, everyone had been treating Mathen like one. The waitress even refused to take money for the meal.
Jas had asked Mathen why they refused to take money on the way to their hotel room. Mathen then explained how he had gotten to know the cook and waitress at another restaurant. He had then paid for a doctor during a difficult pregnancy and provided start-up money for their own restaurant.
While it seemed to Jas that money seemed to be central to why people thought Mathen was important, Jas was seeing that he had a point about it being more than just having money that made him important.
Those were the things going around in his head as they arrived at the hotel room. When he entered the room he saw two neatly made beds, each with a nightstand with a glowing lamp upon it. The beds were separated by a single dresser and a small table with chairs in one corner. Also on each bed was a large bag. One he recognized as Mathen's. It was the bag he kept his spare clothes and a few grooming items in.
It was the bag on the other bed he focused his attention on. It hadn't come from the wagon or he would've recognized it also.
"What's that bag?" Jas asked looking up to Mathen.
Mathen gave him a mischievous smile and answered, "I suggest looking in it and find out."
The look on Mathen's face was enough to tell at least something in the bag was for him. Jas couldn't suppress a wide grin as he quickly crossed the room to the bag. It was a large green traveling bag with a shoulder strap.
Jas untied the flap on top and opened the bag. On top was a brown heavy coat; underneath were two complete changes ofclothes and a new pair of shoes, and some warm looking gloves.
"Are they all for me?" Jas asked looking back at Mathen hopefully.
"Well they certainly won't fit me. I did make sure thecoat was just a little bit big to give you some growing room. Yes that pack and everything in it is for you." Mathen responded.
Everything in it? There were pockets on the outside of the bag that looked like they were full. Jas hurriedly started opening and checking the contents. One held a comb, a toothbrush and toothpaste kit, and a bar of soap. Another had an empty water skin and the last pocket held a bunch of items that looked like some type of food.
"What are these?"
"Yes, I had a feeling they might not have given you much candy at the orphanage. Give it a try."
Jas put a piece in his mouth; it was soft, chewy, sweet, and for the second time that night he tasted one of the best things he had ever eaten. Giving Mathen a huge smile and tried to say "thanks" but candy made everything in his mouth sticky and it came out pretty distorted.
Mathen chuckled and whispered, "That's why I gave you a toothbrush too,"
Jas laughed and started working the goo in his mouth with his tongue -- he didn't want to brush out the wonderful taste yet.
Once he got his mouth relatively cleared out he asked, "Why? Why did you get these for me?"
Mathen answered, "Because I think you needed them, and it's important to me to see you have what you need."
"But I can't do anything for you like the waitress and her husband."
"You don't have to, just like they don't have to."
"But you don't get anything."
"Yes I do."
"What?"
"I develop connections with those I serve, that's all I need," Mathen answered.
"I don't understand."
Mathen paused a moment apparently thinking, then answered, "I explained once about how magic is used to make connections. There are other types of connections that are created when people interact with one another; some good, some bad. When we do good to each other those connections bring us closer. When we do bad to each other they pull us apart."
"But what does being close to others do for you. Wouldn't it be easier to not have to worry about others?"
Once again Mathen took a moment to think, "Let's try this--cut me three pieces of string; one long, two short."
Jas pulled out his knife and the spool of string from his new bag. As he cut the strings, Mathen got out his box of matches. Jas handed Mathen the string and sat down on his bed.
Mathen handed him the match and ordered, "Break it."
Jas broke the match easily. Mathen then handed Him seven more matches and said, "Now try breaking these at the same time."
Jas took them and spread them out so they were lined up in a flat row in his hands. He then tried to bend them but it took a few seconds before he heard one of them snap, followed by a second a few moments later and then a rapid succession till they all broke.
"More difficult than one alone right?" Mathen asked.
"Yeah."
"Now try these," Mathen said handing him another group, this time they were bundled together tied at both ends by the two short strings. He put all his strength into it but he couldn't quite break them.
"Do whatever you have to do." Mathen encouraged.
Jas took a moment to think. Finally he slipped the two strings off the ends, spread them out and broke them like the previous seven.
"Very good! Now try these," Mathen said heading him another set of seven.
This time Mathen had encased the bundle with the long string tightly wrapped around the whole length. Jas couldn't even find the knot he had used to tie it off. He couldn't figure out how to undo the string and didn't have the strength to break the bundle.
"By serving others we can create connections that bind us together. Like the strings these connections strengthen us and make us harder to break. I may not receive money or power but I do receive strength, and that is why I serve others," Mathen explained.
"What good do the connections do for you if you die for them?" Jas asked, recalling the time Mathen put himself between him and the wolf King.
Mathen smiled and answered, "I've found it's those things that you value enough to die for, that are the things most worth living for."
Jas tried to understand what Mathen was saying but it just didn't make sense. What value could anything have if you're dead? There is nothing without life.
"I know it's a hard thing to understand; especially for one so young, and one who has had such a difficult life. The only way I know to understand it, is to experience it." Mathen added.
So this was something he simply had to trust in till it just suddenly made sense? Did Mathen really know what he was asking him? He had never met anyone who believed or did such things till meeting Mathen. Yet, while Jas doubted if he'd ever be able to believe such things, he found that he hoped it was true. The thought, the hope that there might really be someone who thought he was that important made him feel good -- better than he had ever felt in his life.
"I think that we've done enough philosophy for one night. I think it is about time to see if these beds are as comfortable as they look," Mathen said as he grabbed his bag and headed into the washroom.
"Okay, and  thanks... again," Jas said.
Mathen turned back and smiled, "You're welcome."

Chapter 11



Mathen went to bed that night feeling better and more hopeful than he had in days. He was beginning to think that maybe, just maybe he could do this.
He still knew he had a long way to go. While Jas seemed to have genuinely warmed up to him, there were still so many things he had to overcome and understand. But he seemed to really want to learn and that was a good start.
With these hopeful thoughts he drifted into a peaceful sleep only to be awakened by Jas' screaming. Mathen snapped awake and sat up to find the boy in his bed twisting violently and screaming "No" over and over again.
It's a nightmare, Seer started and then tried to warn, No! Wait! as Mathen rushed to Jas' side and tried to grab hold of the thrashing child to hold him still.
"Jas! Wake up; it's alright, your safe!" Mathen said trying to both wake and calm him.
Jas' eye snapped open filled with terror and still looking far more asleep than awake. His eyes darted around the room in panic as he started to struggle with Mathen and yelled, "Let me go!"
Mathen released and realized almost too late his mistake when with lightning speed Jas snatched his knife from the nightstand where he had left it the night before and plunged it at Mathen's chest.
Mathen barely had enough time to grab it by the blade with his right hand and had to hold it tightly to stop the attack andpull the knife out of the panic boy's hand. He felt the sting in his hand and blood began to flow as he staggered back a couple of steps in shock at the sudden attack.
Jas scooted to the foot of the bed and in just a moment awareness came to his eyes followed closely by a look that was a mixture of remorse and fear.
"I...I..." Jas stammered but was unable to say anymore as the door burst open and the hotel owner came in.
"What in blazes is going on in-"
Jas was off the bed and grabbing his new bag, pushed the hotel owner to the side and was out the door before either man in the room could react; Misty following hot on his heels.
"Jas wait!" Mathen tried to yell after him but to no effect. He started to leave the room to go after him but the hotel owner grabbed his arm, "Wait Mr. Cutter! Your hand is bleeding...badly. It needs attention."
"I need to go after him!"
He's right, that cut is deep and needs attention. Misty followed the boy, I'm sure she'll help us find him. Seer instructed and then said, By the way, it's dangerous to wake someone from a serious nightmare like that.
Thanks, Mathen responded to Seer and then to the hotel owner, "Very well, send for the doctor."
Pulling a shirt from his bag and wrapping his bleeding hand in it Mathen walked to the door and said, "Until he gets here I'll be taking a look outside to see if he might have stopped and hid nearby."


Stupid, stupid, stupid! Everything was going perfect, and then one stupid bad dream and a moment of panic and everything is ruined.
Jas was sitting with his back to a tree bumping the back of his head against the tree trunk as the glow of morning began to appear on the horizon. He had found a spot to rest after running all the way out of town.
In the orphanage the older kids and sometimes the adults would come after him while sleeping, so when he felt Mathen shaking him he had reacted without thinking. Now Mathen would sooner put him in jail than adopt him.
The sound of a meow brought his attention to Misty who was now pacing back and forth rubbing against his leg. He hadn't even noticed the kitten had followed him.
"Misty, go back to Mathen," Jas ordered. He had enough problems at the moment and the cat would just end up getting hurt around him since that seemed to be all he was good at.
Misty's only response was to stare at him and meow again. Jas responded by kicking his foot threateningly at her and yelling, "I said go! I never wanted a stupid cat!"
Misty dodged his feet and scampered away. Now the question was where to go from here? He was stuck in a place where he didn't understand the language; he only had the things in the bag that Mathen had given him which wouldn't get him far. He needed to figure it out quickly. The sun was about to rise and it would be harder to hide from anyone that might be looking for him.
Jaswas snapped from his thoughts suddenly by repeated meowing somewhere nearby, but far enough he couldn't see the source.
"Misty?" he called out, as he stood up. He'dnever heard her meow like that and worried he began walking briskly towards the sound of the meows.
Jas came to a nearby field and saw Misty dashing across it towards him. She stopped meowing when she saw him but continued running and Jas started to wonder what her problem was when he suddenly saw it.
Quicker than it took him to even realize what was happening, an eagle entered his view, swooped in on Misty and tried to grab her. At the last second Misty leapt to the side narrowly dodging the eagle's talons.
Going back up, the eagle made a sharp turn to circle in again on the kitten.
"Misty!" Jas yelled grabbing rocks and taking off to try to get in throwing range before the eagle made another attempt on grabbing his cat.
As it swooped down once again, he threw some rocks which made the eagle veer away, but apparently it was hungry for it circled around once more.
Jas hesitated, he had no more rocks and this bird was almost as big as he was and even as Misty reached him and climbed right up his pants to his shoulder, the eagle still dove down at them. It hadn't occurred to Jas that the sight of a small 8-year-old boy wouldn't intimidate the bird.
Jas took a step back and thought about running but quickly realized the eagle was coming too quickly. He raised his hands up to try to fend it off and involuntarily closed his eyes and turned his face away. But rather than feel the eagle slamming into him he only heard a single loud shot being fired.
As he opened his eyes and faced forward again, he felt Misty jump off his shoulder and scamper into some tall grass. The eagle was lying motionless nearly on top of his feet.
"Now that is what Id call a good shot," a familiar voice said off to Jas' left.
Even as Jas turned to face his rescuer he already knew enough that if given the choice, he'd probably take the eagle back. "Sheriff Ajant?"



Chapter 12



The sun had just peeked over the horizon and the doctor was just finishing bandaging Mathen's hand when he noticed Tovan, one of his escorts he had left in Aguares, slip into the room and stand quietly at the edge of the room.
"Tovan! I'm relieved to see you safe!" Mathen said signaling him to come over with his good hand.
"It's good to see to see you, Sir. We heard nothing from you after you left. Just some rumors you disappeared into Aguerius Forest. We were extremely worried," Tovan responded.
"So what do you have for me?" Mathen asked.
Tovan smiled, "Just a letter and packet of papers from Judge Stoneman."
Mathen let out his breath that he felt like he'd been holding for the last week. "Let me see them."
Tovan handed Mathen a large envelop. Pulling a stack of papers he began to read the top page which was a letter from Mr. Stoneman

To Mathen Cutter of Cutter Stoneworks
I hope this letter finds you safe.
I wish to inform you of what has transpired here in Aguares after you left. While giving a tour to the district judge and his party we were passing the city offices and a member of the judges party recognized a man entering the city offices as a man wanted in connection of the disappearance of the daughter of another district judge.
As the Sheriff and his men were absent I volunteered myself and some of my workers that I trusted to help take him into custody.
We found the man speaking with Judge Caspin and after arresting the man the district judge ordered the city offices and the orphanage searched.
We found not only the missing girl locked in the basement but dozens of other missing children and some adults along with evidence connecting both Judge Caspin and Sheriff Ajant to slave traders.
While trying to secure the area Sheriff Ajant and his men arrived and assaulted us. The timely arrival of your bodyguard you had send to Redbrook along with several of your workers from Redbrook saved us and helped us arrest those involved with exception of the sheriff who escaped us.
I've been appointed as temporary judge here and have arranged for all the paperwork for your adoptionof Jas.
I need to inform you that Jas disappearedthe morningyou left. Some of the sheriff's men we arrested claim he left with you. I hope this is true and with your signature on the papers I've sent will finalize the adoption.
On behalf of myself and all the victims of Judge Caspin, I'd like to thank you for your help.
- Judge Stoneman

Mathen looked over the papers that he'd been hoping to get for nearly a week. Now he had them and Jas was gone. It felt like someone had punched him in the gut.
An 8-year-old Yucaipan boy shouldn't be too hard to find if youre still interested in adopting a kid that just attempted to kill you, Seer offered.
He wasn't aware. I should have known to be careful how to awaken a distressed boy accustomed to being assaulted and defending himself. You even tried to warn me. I take responsibility for my actions. I also take responsibility for him, Mathen responded and then proceeded to sign the papers.
As he finished, he asked Tovan, "So is there any clue to where Sheriff Ajant went or what he might do?"
"He and another man used the ferry at Quint's Crossing to cross the Aguerius River. Aside from that I haven't heard or seen anything."
That alarmed Mathen and he asked, "The man with the sheriff -- is there any chance he could be a tracker?"
"A tracker, Sir?"
"Jas told me they employed trackers to find them when they tried to run away from the orphanage.
"I don't know, it's possible."
"We need to find Jas, he could be in danger. Go find the Marshall and alert him and go by the shop and enlist help from Narp and the others."
Mathen stood and walked out the doorway. As soon as he stepped outside Seer said, Look to your right.
Looking down the street he saw Misty running towards him. She stopped as Mathen made eye contact, meowed loudly, then turned around and started running back the way she came.
Turning back to Tovan who was walking out the door he said, "Tell them to focus their search on the east side of town."
Trusting Tovan to carry out his orders, Mathen took off after the small cat.



Jas had tried to run, but as soon as he turned around he came face to face with another man who Jas recognized as the tracker that had found him the other time he ran away. Even this far from Aguares he was still able to track him down.
He had made a dash to the side but only got a couple of steps before the sheriff grabbed hold of him roughly.
"Now you really need to stop running from people boy. Ya might insult someone one day."
At least he had gotten a few good kicks in before the sheriff had completely subdued him. But that was little comfort knowing what the sheriff most likely had planned for him.
The tracker who was standing nearby spoke up, "Okay, we have the kid, now can we get out of this country?"
The sheriff answered, "We are still going to need some starting up money. As I see it, Mr. Cutter owes us some. After all Im sure he had something to do with us losing our last operation. Now Jas, be a good boy and tell me where we might find your new friend."
"He's gone, I don't need him anymore. Now let me go!" Jas said still trying to struggle but the sheriff had him held tightly.
"Now why do I find that hard to believe?" the Sheriff said, "You couldn't have gotten through the forest that quick on foot alone."
The tracker spoke up before Jas could say anything, "Are you seriously planning on going after someone like Mathen Cutter in his own country? They are touchy enough here over people sneaking across their borders; they won't show an inch of mercy to anyone going after one of their elite class."
"Feel free to leave then. I'm not leaving till I get everything that's due to me -- including teaching that elitist bastard what happens to meddlers," the sheriff spat back.
"Suit yourself," the tracker said as he stepped back out of Jas' sight towards the trees.
Immediately after the tracker left Jas felt one of the sheriff arms tighten its hold on him while the other released him. He started to struggle more till he heard the sound of a gun being cocked. "Now you'd best settle on down and tell me where our friend Mr. Cutter is."
'I don-" Jas started to say but was interrupted by the sheriff.
"Wrong answer, let's try one more time."
Jas knew the sheriff well enough to know what he was capable of and he knew that he needed to give an appeasing answer now.
"I last saw him at the hotel a few hours ago. I really don't know if he's still there," Jas said starting to sob.
"Is he staying in town today or heading back to Valen?"
"I...I don't know. He cut his hand bad last night."
The sheriff seemed to consider this for a minute before saying, "Well then... We'll just head over to the road and find a place to wait for him. And for your sake he better come along or I'll take what's due to me out of you!"
Jas suddenly felt himself forced face down to the ground and one of the sheriffs knees pushed painfully onto his back as he started binding Jas' hands. It was just as the sheriff was finishing that Jas heard a familiar voice calling his name.
It was Mathen. He must have been angrier about the night before than Jas had thought. Between Mathen and Sheriff Ajant, Jas realized he didn't have a chance; unless he could somehow get away while they fought each other.
The sheriff didn't waste any time; he pulled Jas to his feet and pulled him into the trees. Mathen called out again this time much closer and shortly he could see glimpses of Mathen through the trees.
The faint sound of the sheriff slowly cocking his gun sounded behind Jas. He used one hand to hold Jas in front of him and slowly raised his gun pointing it just ahead of the direction Mathen was walking. Jas realize the sheriff was going to kill first, rob second.
As Mathen stepped out from behind a tree right in a clear shot from the sheriff's gun and Jas was sure that he was a dead man, Mathen suddenly stepped back to the cover of the tree as if he suddenly knew he was in danger.
The sheriff took a shot as Mathen dove back but ended up hitting the tree. Cursing at luck a moment and then calling to Mathen he said, "Mr. Cutter! I think you'd best come on out. I have a friend of yours here that'd like to talk to you."
Jas started to think of any and all ways he might get away; at the very least away from the sheriff. Mathen might send him to jail but he was sure he'd never survive long with Sheriff Ajant.
Mathen called back, "Put your weapon away and let the boy go and Im sure we can come to some sort of financial agreement...
"Sorry, the boy isn't yours, but if you come out where I can see you I might consider not roughing him up too much for running away."
This was odd. Mathen didn't carry weapons so nothing was stopping the sheriff from just going over to where Mathen was and ending this. Yet he stayed right where he was using Jas as a human shield. Was it possible that the sheriff didn't know?
"You need the boy; I don't think you're willing to endanger him." Mathen countered.
"I only need him alive. I have five bullets left to use in non-fatal ways. Shoot, a permanent limp might curb his appetite for running away, and how many fingers and toes does he really need?" the sheriff replied.
The second of silence that followed was the longest that Jas had ever experienced. Mathen wasn't going to risk his life for someone who had just tried to kill him a few hours ago, and Jas knew he was powerless to stop what he knew was about to happen. Of course knowing he was powerless didn't stop him from starting to struggle like a madman.
"Maybe if I remove an ear he'll learn to listen better with the other one," the sheriff added.
Feeling the barrel of the gun placed behind his right ear made Jas tense up expecting the worst but surprised to hear Mathen call back with a frantic voice, "Wait! I'm coming out! Just don't hurt the boy!"
"Hands where I can see them," the sheriff called out removing the gun from behind his ear and pointing it at the tree where Mathen was slowly emerging from behind.
Jas stood there stunned. He was really coming out! He was really going to give his life for someone who had just tried to stab him!
"Come a little closer," the sheriff ordered.
Mathen obeyed and as he did pleaded, "That boy has suffered enough. I beg you, just let him go and leave him be."
"You just can't learn not to meddle in other peoples business, can you?" responded the sheriff straitening his arm as he prepared to fire.
Jas closed his eyes not wanting to see what happened next but was shocked to hear the familiar sound of small claws climbing up pants behind him. He opened up his eyes as he felt the sheriff twist his body to look behind him and crying in alarm, "What the...?
Jas looked back in time to see Misty leaping to the ground from behind the sheriff's leg. Looking forward again he was shocked to find Mathen had closed the gap between him. He used one hand to pull the gun from the sheriff's hand and used the other hand to land a blow across his surprised face.
The sheriff's grasp immediately loosened as he crumpled to the ground.
"Jas! Get back!" Mathen ordered.
Jas took a couple of steps back as Mathen quickly rolled the sheriff on his back and pinned him down. "Are you okay?"
The rational part of his mind was telling him to run and get away, but somewhere there was also a small voice asking a question and speaking a thin hope.
"I asked you if you're okay!" Mathen repeated.
Jas managed a nod but was struggling to find his voice. "W...Why?"
"What was that?" Mathen asked
Jas took a deep breath and tried again, "Why? He was going to kill you. Why did you come out from behind the tree?"
"To stop him from hurting you of course."
Jas was about to inquire further when he heard the sound of multiple horses approaching.
"It's okay. That's Tovan my bodyguard and the men I asked him to help find and arrest the sheriff. Where's the man he was traveling with?"
"He left right before you arrived," Jas answered.
"I see," Mathen responded and then said, "I'm glad I found you. I wanted to apologize for what happened earlier this morning."
"Youre apologizing? I tried to stab you," Jas responded incredulously.
"I should have known better than to wake you up from a nightmare. You were panicked and dazed and weren't completely aware of what was happening. You were only defending yourself from an unknown threat. I think if we both be a little more careful when waking up then we'll just count that as a learning experience."
Was he for real? Was he really willing to just let what happened go? He didn't have time to ask any more questions due to five other men arriving on horseback, one he recognized as one of his body guards from when he arrived at Aguares and then Narp and Osky from Mathen's shop. He didn't know the other two.
Mathen addressed the men in Necromian and the body-guard and one of the unknown men got off their horses and took custody of the sheriff who only moaned a little as he was taken away. The other unknown man gestured towards Jas and asked a question. Mathen took some papers from his pocket and showed them to him.
Jas was starting to get that urge to run again but that hope held him in place and instead he asked, "What are you talking about?"
Mathen quickly finished his conversation with the man and then walked over and knelt in front of him looking him in the eye.
"I told them that Sheriff Ajant is wanted in the Yucaipan Republic for human trafficking and he attempted to kidnap you. He then asked who you were and Ishowed him these papers that Mr. Stoneman sent.
"I asked him to arrange an adoption for me if we succeeded in freeing the orphanage from the judges control. All they need now to be legal is your signature. That is if you don't mind being adopted by an old Necromian like me."
"You wanted to adopt me before we left Aguares?" Jas asked in shock.
"Yes."
Jas couldn't believe it. All this time he had been working to make Mathen want to adopt him and all this time he had already been trying to do it.
"But all you saw me do was pick your pocket. Why would you want to adopt me?" Jas asked.
Mathen smiled and responded, "Because I could see you weresomeone that could become important to me; and I was right, during these few days you've managed to become very important to me and I'd love to have you as my son. The choice is yours."
Jas felt like his feelings were all twisting together but it was weird because it was a good kind of feeling,one he had never thought he would feel. No one had ever considered him important before; at least not past getting what they really wanted from him. But Mathen didn't want anything from him. Jas realized he really was a hero like the ones in the book and now he had the chance to have that hero as his father.
It was feeling a drop of water drip off his chin that made him realize he was crying.
"So is that a yes or a no?" Mathen asked.
Jas couldn't find his voice so, while he was uncomfortable and awkward doing it, he stepped forward and gave Mathen a hug. He tensed a little when he hugged back but forced himself to relax and realized being hugged by someone who really cared for him wasn't so bad.
"What do you say we get you home," Mathen finally said after a while with his voice cracking with emotion. Jas managed a nod but still held tight. He knew his life wouldnever be the same and for the first time in that life he looked forward to living it.


Also by Marc Van Pelt



Lich-El
Lich Lords Wars Book 1

Chapter 1

I thought I would find you here today, my lady.
Why have you come here, creature?
The same reason as you, to remember the dead, and to pay respect to friends long past turned to dust. Do not think this field and monument is your own private grieving ground. I also once stood on this field, shoulder to shoulder with gods, elves, and men. I also lost many friends that day so long ago.
What can a monster like you remember of friendship? I should destroy you now and let the world be rid of you.
My dear Lady Alixia; first of all, youre no longer sure you could defeat me alone. Second, you remember what friendship is even if I dont.
How dare-
But while I may be a bit hazy on friendship, I still remember honor. And that honor compels me to pay old debts.
I forgive you of all debts. Now leave and corrupt this sacred ground no longer with you presence!
Just as soon as I say this: Tornal has begun his experiments again.
And just what is he working on now?
He seeks to make more of us.
Odd. I was just thinking this world needed fewer of you.
He also seeks to give himself, and the others he makes, power not unlike your own, only with his own dark twist. He seeks to steal what you merely mimic. In fact he says that he has one last experiment to make and he would like an elvish subject.
Then he has far to travel to find one.
He has heard rumors there might be one to be had in human lands. It seems poachers have been spreading tales about strange happenings in Aguerius Forest.
Tornal shouldnt listen to rumors.
Thats what I told him. He never would listen to me. If there are any elves there, I hope they watch themselves.
Hunting elves is very dangerous. Finding the wrong one would be the end of him.
Yes, but finding the right one, such as one young and inexperienced, would be easy prey for a Lich Lord of Tornals power.
Are you insinuating-
Nothing. I insinuate nothing. Just giving information I thought you might find interesting. Now I must bid you farewell. Give my regards to your husband and children, where ever they may be.
Farewell? A creature like you comes here to this field of sacrifice to mock and threaten me, and you bid me farewell? You think I would let an abomination such as yourself simply leave after such disrespect?
Here I am. Stop me!
Gladly.



Cady wasnt just dizzy. She was very dizzy. Yet she kept moving around and around, watching the trees. She was determined to make sure no pesky elves snuck up on her this time. Her brother, on the other hand, didnt even try anymore.
Ive told you, Cady, youre not going to see him arrive.
Cadys 12-year-old brother, Almas, just sat there, sitting with his back resting against the tree, playing his lap harp. She would never admit it to him, but he was starting to get good at it. But practicing music wasnt going to help her catch Ulec when he arrived.
The rest of her family was just as useless. Creetan was 16 now and more interested in shooting arrows at a target; her father, Lord Gidon Aguerius, was wrestling with her 8-year-old brother, Giddy, and Mother was in her shop making who knows what. So it was up to her, a little girl of only 10 years, to keep the vigil and guard the family against young trespassing elves.
Im going to catch him this time. I will not let Ulec sneak up on us this time, Cady informed her brother as she stumbled a little but caught herself before falling down.
Good luck with that. In four years Ive never spotted Ulec before he wanted to be seen, Almas responded with a sigh and continued playing a quick jumpy sounding tune on his harp.
Ulec was a young elf that Almas had met while he was lost in the forest four years before. He had saved Almas from becoming lunch for a forest dragon and they had been best friends ever since. Now every once in a while Almas would announce that Ulec was coming over to visit. She wasnt sure exactly how Almas always knew, but she was sure it had something to do with Ulecs ability to talk to animals and plants. Cady was always amazed at how plants and animals seemed to do whatever he wanted.
Cady continued spinning, determined to catch the elf trying to sneak up on her like he always did. She was scanning the trees when she heard the tune Almas was playing abruptly change and a force, like a very strong wind, pushed her and she toppled to the ground.
Hey! You pushed me! she yelled at Almas.
Almas gave the most disgustingly false-innocent look she had ever seen and responded, What? Me? I never touched you. I was just practicing. You know me better than that.
Cady knew that Almas didnt need to touch her. The last few years their mother and Uncle Marpel had been teaching Almas both music and how to use magic through it. As Almas got better at music he also got better at casting spells with it. It was called bard magic and she was about to retort that he used it to push her but a voice above her spoke first, Yes, she knows you well. Thats how she knows it was you.
Hed done it to her again. In just the moment that it took for her to fall, Ulec had just appeared out of nowhere. Looking above her she saw Ulec sitting on a branch in the tree with his back to the trunk and one leg hanging lazily, as if hed been sitting there waiting all day! It wasnt fair! She had been looking right at that spot when Almas pushed her.
How do you do that? she asked.
Ulec slid off the branch and landed noiselessly on his bare feet and asked with a sly grin, Do what?
Appear out of no where like that!
I didnt come from No Where. I came from over there. Ive never been to No Where, Ulec answered, pointing behind him.
But we never see or hear you come, Cady protested.
I apologize for not moving through the forest making noise like a huge lumbering bear.
Cady isnt that loud, Almas cut in as he stood up and stepped over to his friend.
Actually, I was referring to you.
Hey!
Ulec laughed as Almas tried to push him but missed as he easily stepped aside. You need to move faster than that! Or maybe you should stick to the harp, Ulec said right before they all heard a soft snap above them. They all looked up to the tree for the source of the sound and Ulec started to step to the side when a large, furry animal landed on him, knocking him to the ground. Cady gave a surprised shout as she recognized a panther standing on Ulec with its large paws on his chest.
Rather than being frightened, Ulec looked annoyed and spoke calmly to the large cat, Seacra get off! That hurt.
He pushed the panther off him and in an instant it transformed into a young elvish girl who laughed and said triumphantly, That time you werent fast enough.
It was Ulecs younger sister, Seacra. She was almost 20 years younger than her brother, but even though she was a little over 100 years old, she didnt seem any older -- or act any older for that matter -- than Cady. Ulec got up glaring at her and brushed the dirt off of himself. It was in that moment they heard Giddy yell as he ran over, Ulec, Seacra! Behind him their father approached at a much more leisurely pace.
Seacra, your back! Giddy exclaimed.
Cady was also happy to see Seacra. She was away most of the time up north in elvish lands and when she was gone, Cady missed having another girl around to play with and couldnt help asking, How long are you here for?
A couple of weeks, Seacra replied.
Seacra! So good to see you, Cadys father said as he arrived. Is Lady Alixia staying also?
No, Mother is up north, on the other side of the Dividing Mountains. Its been 125 years since the War of Destruction. She wanted some time alone to visit the monument.
The Dividing Mountains was a mountain range that ran northeast the whole length of the continent. It divided the elvish lands and the human lands and were so tall no one could cross them. At least thats what Cady had heard.
I see, Gidon said in response to Seacra.
Cady noticed a quick look of relief cross her fathers face, and apparently Seacra noticed it, too. Are you scared of my mother? she giggled.
Ulec answered for Lord Gidon and grumbled, Everyone is scared of Mother, at least anyone who knows her. Even the gods feared her.
Can she really turn herself into a dragon? Giddy asked excitedly.
Yes, Gidon answered his son. But before you ask, no, you cant see.
You dont want to see her as a dragon, Giddy, Seacra added. She only turns into a dragon when going into battle and that would be very dangerous.
Thats enough of such talk. So what is the plan today? Gidon said, ending the topic. Cadys father always seemed to dodge any conversations about Lady Alixia and any war stories about her. Almas had once told Cady that he and father had met Lady Alixia four years earlier right, after Almas had first met Ulec. He had told her she was a shape shifter like Seacra but could turn into more powerful creatures than Seacra could. He said she had attacked her father. Then Ulec and Ulecs father had to stop her from hurting him but thats all anyone would tell her.
It was Ulec who answered Gidons question. I wanted to show Almas some plants Im growing from seeds that my mother brought from the north.
I want to go! Cady chimed in. Cady liked plants, and plants from elvish lands sounded interesting.
Sounds like fun, Gidon said. I need to see to some business and get Creetans armor. See if hes able to brag about his archery skills shooting with some thick leather weighing him down and impairing his movements.  Just dont stay out too late or your mother will have both our hides.
What about me? Giddy asked excitedly.
Sorry, short stuff, Gidon answered. Maybe in a year or so. You stay here with Creetan.
With that, Gidon walked away. As soon as he was out of earshot, Seacra remarked to Ulec, All the stuff you can do in the forest and youre going to go look at some blue flowers. I thought you were boys.
Cady giggled at the comment but didnt dare say anything that might keep her from seeing the flowers. Ulec, on the other hand, rolled his eyes and turning to Almas asked, Want to trade sisters?
Dont tempt me; Ive had enough of silly, giggling sisters, Almas responded.
Silly? Could she help it if Seacra made a good joke at the boys expense? Why are brothers so mean? she asked Seacra.
They think its their job.
See what you did, Ulec, Almas said. Now theyre mad at us and well have to listen to them whine all day.
If thats the way you feel, we will just go play by ourselves. We dont need you. Come on, Cady. We can go see those plants on our own if you want. And better ones along with them, Seacra said as she got up and started leaving.
And good riddance, Cady added as she left to follow Seacra. It would be a lot better without any annoying brothers around acting like jerks.



What Cady and Seacra failed to notice as they walked away was Almas smiling and whispering to Ulec, Works every time. Then both the boys were off.
In the four years that Almas had known Ulec he had learned to move through the forest pretty quickly. Yet he still often had a hard time keeping up with his friend. Ulec moved through the forest like they were one entity, as if the forest sped him on his travels.
So how many are there? Almas asked as he tried to keep up.
Only three of them, Ulec responded.
Every so often poachers would enter Aguerius Forest. Mostly these were inexperienced poachers testing to see if the rumors about poaching being impossible in the forest were true or not. Ulec always made sure they went home empty handed. In cases where the poachers were near enough, Ulec would let Almas watch the show from a safe place.
This is the spot here. You should be able to watch everything from that branch, Ulec said, pointing to a tree near the edge of a small clearing.
Almas climbed up to the spot Ulec indicated; the branches concealed him from view although he could see the entire field. Ulec meanwhile went out into the clearing and disappeared into some tall grass. After a short time, three men appeared at the far side of the field.
As they drew near Almas could hear them speak.
This grass sticks like nothing else. Its almost like its grabbing at us.
I told you to keep silent. Youll scare our prey away.
What prey? asked the third man. We havent seen a single living creature in this forest. Im beginning to think there is something to the rumors here.
I said keep quiet. Look at those trees up ahead. The branches are moving, the man who appeared to be the leader said.
Thats just the wind, replied the first man.
What wind? There is no wind.
All around the clearing branches on trees swayed as if there was a heavy wind, except the lower branches where Almas was perched swayed a lot less. The three poachers only had a moment to watch when all around the clearing multiple wolf howls rose up from the trees.
Almas almost felt sorry for the poachers, watching the fear and confusion on their faces. Yet that was the price of trying to poach game in Aguerius Forest. Ulec had the power to speak to both plant and animal and ask them favors. Mostly he just did little tricks here and there, but at times like these Almas got to see just how much influence Ulec could have over the forest.
The three poachers loaded arrows into their bows at the sound of wolves moving through the tall grass. As one caught a glimpse of a wolf he aimed his bow to shoot, but a small rock flew from the grass hitting his hand that held his bow, knocking off his aim and making him drop his bow. Two more rocks flew from the grass and two more bows hit the ground.
Holding his hurt hand the leader said to the others as he glanced around, Ive seen enough, lets get out of here.
Pulling out their swords and keeping their backs together, they cautiously made their way back through the meadow. As they left they didnt even notice the grass had stopped clinging to their legs and had even made a little path for them to leave by.



Cady was using some of the flowers she had picked to show Giddy how to decorate hats. He was a good student, and she wondered how long it would be before he decided such things were too girlie for him like her other two brothers.
Glancing at the forest Cady wondered what was keeping Almas and Ulec. She hadnt seen them anywhere near the flowers, which didnt say much for Ulec as he was only seen when he wanted to be.
She had asked Seacra if she knew where they had gone off to, and the elvish girl had told her to wait at home and shed go find them. Cady didnt think it would take this long.
Hey, Uncle Jerad is here, Giddy stated, pulling Cady from her thoughts.
Looking in the direction Giddy was pointing, she saw her fathers best friend walking purposely toward her father at a brisk pace. He had a concerned look on his face. He walked up to her father, who greeted him, but his face turned somber almost instantly as Jerad started to converse with him. Cady couldnt hear what they were saying, but she saw him turn to Creetan and say something then started walking over toward her and Giddy.
Cady, do you know exactly where the boys went? her father asked as he approached.
We didnt see them near the flowers Seacra showed me. She said she was going to go look for them. Is something wrong?
Nothing to worry about, I think. A couple of my scouts failed to report in. Probably just running late. But to be on the safe side, Jerad is taking you and Giddy back to the house and Cree and I are going to go retrieve Almas.
What about Ulec and Seacra? Giddy asked.
Ill make sure they are also fine, but I think Ulec and Seacra can take care of themselves. Right now you two get going. Ill be home shortly, her father said with a grin.
Cady watched a moment as her father and brother walked into the forest, then said to Giddy, Guess well have to finish the hat in the house. Giddy helped her gather some of the flowers then walked over to where Jerad was waiting for them.
You two having fun today? Jerad asked as they came within speaking distance to him.
We were making a flower hat, Giddy told him excitedly.
Do you know why the scouts didnt report in? Cady asked.
Thats what we are looking into, and thats a nice looking hat. Lets get it to the house so you can show your mother.



That was priceless, Almas exclaimed as he dropped down from the low branch to the ground.
Ulec sat down and rested with his back to the tree. Yeah, the look on their faces were great.
One of the wolves happily came over to Almas, who rubbed the side of his head. Hi Crusty!
Crusty was the pet wolf that Ulec had given him four years previous when they had first met. He had raised him from a cub and now the wolf was full grown and spent as much time in the forest with the other wolves as it did at the Aguerius Estate.
Almas glanced at Ulec and noticed he was half asleep and looked paler than normal. With some concern he asked, Are you okay? You dont look so well.
Im fine, just a little tired, Ulec responded.
Almas was about to respond when a voice above them spoke first. Youll be more than tired if Mother or Father find out you were using Vithal magic.
Looking above them they found Seacra sitting on the branch that Almas had just dropped down from.
Dang it, Seacra! Its bad enough when Ulec scares me doing that. Dont you start now, Almas complained.
I thought you were showing the flowers to Cady, Ulec said in an annoyed tone.
I showed her all the flowers and realized you werent anywhere near the place you said you would be. So afterward I took her back home and came looking for you to see what you were really up to. You mean you didnt notice?
Ulec turned red. He normally kept good tabs on everything happening in the forest. Almas had never seen anyone sneak up on him before.
I was distracted, he responded.
I know. Its rare I ever get the drop on you, let alone twice in one day.
Ulec sighed, There just seems to be a lot more poachers in the forest than normal lately. I just thought Id give this group a good show and maybe discourage others from coming.
Seacra slid off the branch and dropped lightly to the ground next to Almas. Meanwhile Ulec opened up his shoulder bag and let Metal out, which began rolling and oozing towards Seacra.
Ulec! Keep that thing away from me. That thing is gross.
Ulec smiled lightly and responded, Mention any of this to Mother or Father and you just might find him sleeping next to you one morning. He likes you.
Okay, just get it away from me.
Good, Ulec said as he closed his eyes and leaned his head against the tree. Now just let me rest a moment here.
As Ulec closed his eyes and relaxed, Metal oozed over to some rocks, settled over the top of them, and soon the smell of acid on rock filled the air. Almas shook his head and laughed, Those rocks must have a little iron ore in them. Some day that thing is going to be metal plated.
That thing is just plain creepy, Seacra muttered.
That thing saved my life once, Almas responded back. It attacked a forest dragon to protect Ulec and me.
Seacra shrugged and after a few moments of silence, Almas spoke again, What did you mean earlier when you said something about Ulec using Vithal magic?
Seacra answered with a question, You know the difference between elvish magic and human magic, right?
Almas thought back to conversations he had had with his parents and with Ulec. Humans have to make their magic by some sort of action, like when I play my harp, and Ulec once told me elves use energy given off by living things, which is why you live in the forest. Lots of life means lots of magic for you.
Thats right; there were three races of elves during the War of Destruction: Elder elves, Shadow elves, and Desert elves. Elder and Shadow elves use Natela magic, Desert elves use Vithal magic, and humans use Trabar magic. Elder and Shadow elves have a large source of magic, but we all use the same source and can feel when someone is using it and how much they are using.
So you and Ulec cant use magic without your parents knowing it? Almas asked.
Seacra answered, Normally no, but our mother is only half Elder elf. Her mother was an Elder elf and her father was a Desert elf.
And that makes her different?
It makes her, Ulec and myself a little different. Desert elves were a race of elves that lived in the great northern desert that were wiped out during the War of Destruction. Since there is very little Natela magic in the desert, they learned to tap their own life force as a source of magic. So when one of us uses Vithal magic we draw the magic from ourselves so no one else can sense it, Seacra explained.
That sounds like it would hurt.
More like exhaust you, Seacra corrected, nodding toward Ulec who was now sleeping. but you need to be careful not to use too much. If you do, then it can shorten your life. That is why our mother would be very angry if she caught Ulec doing it.
Almas took a moment to digest everything Seacra said. He wasnt sure what to say after that. After a while Almas spoke up, Well, its starting to get late; I should be heading home. Tell Ulec I said goodbye when he wakes up.
Okay.


