Peggy McGee  Virtuous Bewitchment: Escape from Salem
Copyright 2014: All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced in any form other than that in which it was purchased and without the written permission of the author. This book is licensed for you for your personal enjoyment only.  This book is purely fictional, written for your enjoyment. All characters, names and settings are fictional, and do not portray any real individuals or places. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Published by Peggy McGee at Smashwords
DEDICATION
To my family for their love and wonderful support in allowing me to pursue my passion for writing.
Check out other titles by Peggy McGee:
Synopsis on www.peggymcgeebooks.com
Psychic Sara Teen Series
Sara the Psychic Sleuth  Book 1
Sara to the Second Power  Book 2
Sara and the Destiny of the Stars  Book 3
Sara and the Cyber Psychic Squad- Book 4
The Secrets of Stonehenge Society
Sara: Adult Sequel
Taryn Teen Trilogy
The Destiny of Taryn Rose  Book 1
Trails of Secrets  Book 2
The Powers of Fate  Book 3
Loves Captive Fate
Taryn: Adult Sequel
Karma Empowered
Taryn: Adult Epilogue
Karma  Captive Hearts:
Adult: Saga final

The Ghost of Myrtle A. Turtle School
Juvenile Chapter Book
Loves Inner Journey
General Romance

Angel Tweet Series: Greeting Book-cards
Aimee Cupid and Heavenly Birthday

Prologue:
The year was 1691, and Sarah Cummings was working outside of London as a maid for the very wealthy family of the Duke of Meischester. She was seventeen and her mum had no choice but to expect her to contribute to the family household for a wage, especially after her stepfather died unexpectedly from a coach accident. Her mum, who was still supporting two younger half-brothers, had practically begged for her to be hired as a scullery maid in the kitchen of the wealthy landowners home where she worked. After her stepfathers death, they temporarily moved in with her uncles family, whose wife made them feel extremely unwelcomed. Through her uncles interventions, it was a relief to be offered a tiny cottage on the grounds of the Duke. Although their hours were long and tiresome, Sarah dared not complain. Her mum constantly reminded her of her place in life and working in the kitchen gave her brothers plenty to eat with the leftover scraps and the potential for labor on the farm. 
Sarahs only enjoyment in life was the walk to and from work where she could enjoy nature. She idyllic reminisced about the time she spent with her biological fathers mother, Naida, who was known as a healer and lived close-by to them in her younger years. Naida spent much time in her garden and forest harvesting medicinal plants where she would use her wisdom and knowledge to make others well. She was well-known within the community, although barely tolerated by the lone doctor. But, since he was unable to handle all of the ills, and may not have approved of what she did, he initially did not voice a complaint. Most of her patients were poor and unable to pay for their services, so it was something he ignored. That was until a wealthy landowners son died, and the doctor pointed a finger at Naida as the culprit, accusing her of having mixed up medicine to relieve pain. Although Sarah knew her grandmum had nothing to do with it, the doctor wasnt about to take the blame and was persistent with his claims. Soon after, when Sarah was fifteen, her grandmum died under mysterious circumstances which the coroner signed off as natural causes, but Sarah knew differently from her perceptive abilities. Naida had been forced by a landowners staff to drink a deadly concoction under the threat that her beloved grandchild would be harmed. Sarah knew her grandmum did it for the love of her, and because of it she needed to protect herself. 
During the time she spent with her grandmother, she learned that her appearance and gifts came from the mysterious Stonehenge clan, supposedly derived from the Arenite aliens who arrived and infiltrated a 1000 years prior. Unable to return to their destroyed planet, they intermarried with the locals, establishing a colony until invading forces forced them to scatter. Yet, some of their characteristics were notable at the time; simply very blonde hair and blue eyes with a petite statue. Blended over centuries with genetics, Sarah inherited many, but not all of the characteristics, making her almost fairy-like in appearance in her loveliness.
Shortly thereafter, her step-father too died in a freak carriage accident, causing her mother and two half-brothers to flee for their safety, afraid they were being targeted for unknown reasons. Sarahs mum, Mae, was suddenly penniless and went to live with her husbands brother for a short time before he found them this new position.
Most days, Sarah would walk to and from work with her mum. But, sometimes she would have to stay over, and Sarah would be sent scurrying with the leftovers to feed her hungry, growing brothers. Her brothers, Toby and Arnt were fifteen and thirteen years of age, old enough to help about the farm. It was a tedious and dull existence for Sarah who had been born with unusual gifts which her mum restrained her from using under the threat of a whipping. 
When she was little she used to play with her powers while frolicking in the woods until she was caught and tattled by her brother to her mum. She was threatened that if she ever did that again she would be whipped senseless. So, she attempted to contain the urge; however, it remained especially difficult when she was bored during the long church service or doing menial tasks.
 Not possessing a mirror, Sarah wasnt aware that her maturing appearance created a distraction, and she had grown into a beautiful girl with long blonde hair, blue eyes and a blossoming figure. Though, in church, she did notice others staring at her, rationalizing that it resulted from her ill-fitted dresses which she had outgrown. So, she avoided them and their awkward stares, nary saying much of anything to anybody. At least at work she was able to wear an oversized apron and cap to blend into oblivion.
 The kitchen was the hub of gossip at the manor, and Sarah became interested in the lives of her employers. Of course, there was the Duke and Duchess who were very much involved in entertaining and maintaining their elegant life style. They had three children, George, who was married and lived on a manor close-by, Charles who was studying at Oxford and their very spoiled youngest, Elizabeth, who was sixteen. Unfortunately, Elizabeth inherited her fathers course features and large bone structure while both of the sons took after their mothers side of the family who were tall and handsome. Sarah was warned by her mother to avoid Elizabeth since she could be extremely jealous and vindictive of anyone she viewed as being prettier than herself who was most anybody, except in style and fashion.
Sarah loved the horses at the manor and would wander out to the stables, slipping them a crabapple from the nearby orchards during her seldom free time. She kept her bonnet on and a sweater or cloak wrapped around her, but it made no difference. She was still noticed by young men, although she never made any eye contact. 
When she was finished working for the day, she often waited for her mum. Sometimes, she felt that she was being watched from afar, but she didnt know by whom. She would just experience these feelings at times, and she was seldom wrong. From the shadows, eyes would follow her about the manor, especially when she was outside. Not knowing who or what would become very frightening to her, especially the negative vibes that would surround her. Sarah attempted to address this with her mum, but since she was often exhausted after a long days work, it was dismissed as a figment of her imagination and then she was scolded for daydreaming.
Ye must keep thy mind on thy work, she warned. Methinks ye doth fantasize too much. The eyes ye fear are the ones thou are watching ye to be assured ye doth get thy tasks done.
Sarah dared not say anything more, but instead threw caution to the wind, with no choice but to dismiss the lurking and threatening world surrounding the manor.

Chapter One:

The spring days were becoming longer which allowed more time for Sarah to rummage through the forest, picking up some herbs to dry. Intense in her concentration, she didnt, at first, hear the approach by someone behind her. But suddenly startled, she turned quickly to notice Sir George watching her, recognizing him as the Dukes married son who lived at an adjacent manor.
Whatever are you doing? he inquired as he dismounted his horse.
Gathering thy herbs, Milord, Sarah quickly curtsied.
Whatever for? he continued as he approached her.
Thy healing powers, she quickly explained nervously while he approached, taking her basket from her as she gradually backed away.
Come here, he insisted as he took a step towards her taking her bonnet off. You are a beautiful lass if Ive ever seen one.
Sarah blushed as she mumbled, Me hath to go. Me mum awaits.
No, come here, he demanded as he drew her nearer.
Sarah quivered as he removed her shawl and looked into her eyes.
Are you in fear of me? he taunted as he looked her over; however, she dared not respond. I know that you work as a maid at the manor.
Please Milord, Doth let me goeth, she pleaded.
He took the pins from her hair and let it flow over her shoulders, studying her.
Have you been promised? he asked coolly.
Sarah shook her head, shaking as he suddenly let her go.
You are too fair to work as a scullery maid. Can you read or write? he questioned.
Yay, Milord, Sarah replied, learning to do so by her grandmum while processing herbs.
Who taught you? he persisted.
Me grandmum, she answered.
And what does your grandmum do? he continued.
She be a healer, though she hath passed, Sarah answered.
So, who do you live with? he queried.
Me mum and me brothers, she responded.
Where?
Hither cottage, Sarah replied, glancing towards the tiny farm village.
From hence forth, you shall work for me. The first thing that must be done is to learn proper English, he announced, having graduated from Oxford, So, you can be my scribe.
Yay, Milord, Sarah mumbled.
It is yes, my Lord, he corrected her and then declared, Come, I will take you to your cottage and tomorrow at the manor you will be properly attired. You will be a breath of fresh air about the stagnant manor.
Sir George grabbed her hand, pulling her up in front of him on the horse. 
Where do you live? he asked.
Thy cottage hither, Sarah replied.
I will take you there, but you will report to me first thing in the morning, Sir George commanded.
Sarah was relieved when Sir George actually dropped her off as promised.
Me doth need thy herbs, she gently reminded him.
Yes, he acknowledged, handing her the basket, watching her as she hurried into the cottage, whispering after her. Fare thee well, my lovely lass.
Yes, he realized he would never be able to take such a fair maiden home; however, he had been seeking someone to assist with his increasing workload at the Dukes manor where he managed the books. It would be refreshing to have someone most beauteous in its midst for a change, being weary of his repetitious existence and current wifes constant nagging of late.

Whence cometh thou hither? her mother scolded, Thou brothers await for thy porridge.
Milord doth hinder me. Ye doth askest me to worketh for thou, Sarah explained.
Sir George? her mum questioned, knowing he had a reputation as a cheating scoundrel around the manor.
Yay, Sarah acknowledged.
Doth knowest how that came to be that he chose ye? her mum inquired.
Nay. Methinks thou watchest me, Sarah answered.
Her mum turned to tend to the porridge and put some leftover bread from the manor on the table, appearing quite distraught. Sarah, capable of tuning into her thoughts, realized she feared for her well-being.
Needest thou thinketh me to be in danger? Sarah mumbled.
Methinks Sir George doth a rake amongst thy ladies, her mum warned her.
Though, me knowest thy powers will protect, Sarah suggested.
Nay, thy shall endanger thy family if thou doth knowest about thine, she explained fearfully, Dost let me think for now.
Sarah went outside for some fresh air, looking around. She could see many tiny cottages similar to hers along the rutted path. John, who was about her age, waved to her. Sarah nodded and then returned inside. She knew from Johns vibes that he liked her, but she was very leery of becoming anything more than an acquaintance. She realized she had difficulty trusting people in fear that her powers would become known, thus endangering the welfare of her family and her very own existence.

The next morning, Sarahs mum approached her, Ye doth remain by me. Me shall appealest to thy head cook about ye.
Sarah followed her mum to work, donning her oversized apron and bonnet and then found a quiet corner to prepare the noon meal as Mae approached the head cook in private. Though, after the meal, when all of the kitchen help settled around the table to consume the leftovers, there was a visitor.
Sir George entered as Sarah bowed her head, hoping to remain unnoticed. Finally, the head cook came over and tapped her on the shoulder. Thou presence is desired by Sir George, she announced in front of everyone.
Sarah desperately looked towards her mum as she paled. Sir George, who noticed her concern stated, Rest assured, I will take good care of your daughter maam.
He then came over to personally escort Sarah from the kitchen and led her upstairs to his library. Wait here, he instructed.
Looking around, Sarah observed walls of books surrounding her as the fire burned in the fireplace, taking the chill from the air. Finally, two maids came for her and escorted her upstairs to a dressing room. Over the next two hours, she was bathed and primped upon until she was dressed in a fashionable outfit. 
Doth thou like what thy see? one of the housemaids asked.
Turning around to view herself in a floor length mirror, she could hardly believe her eyes. Dressed in the most beautiful rose colored gown she had ever seen with her hair pinned up into a fashionable French twist, her eyes widened at the very sight of herself. She definitely appeared as a lady.
Yay, thou doth wonders, Sarah murmured, not able to take her eyes off of herself.
Thy Lord doth ask ye to present thee self in thy library, one of the maids indicated. Looking confused, she continued, Thou shall be escorted.
The other maid gently took her hand as she led her down the grand marble staircase to sit in the foyer outside of the library and instructed, Thou shall wait hither for Milord.
Sarah felt extremely self-conscious as the staff tiptoed past in the midst of their tasks, attempting not to stare at her. But, she was difficult not to be noticed. That was until one younger girl came bouncing down the staircase, stopping dead in her tracks in front of her.
How dare you wear my gown, she yelled. Who are you?
Sarah Cummings, Milady, Sarah answered quietly.
Why are you wearing my gown? she cried out.
Sarah was unable to answer that and whispered, Me doth not know why
Take it off now, she insisted.
Sarahs eyes widened not knowing what to do when the library doors suddenly opened, and Sir George and the Duke appeared.
That is not necessary. Please join us, Sir George invited Sarah within, giving Elizabeth a warning glare.
I am telling mother what you are doing with my gowns when she returns, Elizabeth threatened, before stomping back upstairs.
Sir George politely asked Sarah to sit on one of the leather chairs in front of an oversized cherry wood desk. He couldnt help but notice that her flushed appearance definitely became her, putting color on her cheeks.
Father, may I introduce Sarah Cummings, Sir George began succinctly.
Milord, Sarah nodded her head.
It is my pleasure, he responded curiously.
I have discussed with the Duke of the need for assistance in my management of the manor and the possibility of you apprenticing for the position, Sir George began. 
You say, you do read and write? Who taught you to do so? the Duke questioned.
Yes, Milord. My grandmum doth taught me, Sarah responded politely.
Perhaps, it will be imperative to allow her to display her talents first, the Duke suggested to Sir George.
Of course, Sir George agreed as he handed Sarah some parchment paper and a quill pen. I will verbalize an excerpt from a book to scribe.
Sarah blushed as she realized it was a love poem, but she did her best to write what she heard and then handed it to Sir George.
Perfect then. I have many letters I have little time for and assistance in this area will be greatly appreciated, Sir George claimed. I shall have Duncan, the tutor, assist in modernizing your English; however, I dont foresee that as an obstruction. We shall begin immediately.
Sarah waited patiently as Sir George and the Duke left the room. Outside she could hear further discussion about her position with the Duke expressing concern. But Sarah knew that her abilities included a photographic memory which enabled her to catch on quickly in most every area of knowledge, although she would never admit to it.
Duncan spent the entire afternoon reviewing word usage and English grammar, reminding her, Most people write as they speak, so it is essential that you learn to speak correct English.
Yes, I shall, Sarah promised correctly.
You definitely are a quick learner, so I will continue to tutor you all this week in the afternoon, he maintained as Sarah smiled.
As Duncan left, Sarah quietly made her way down to the kitchen as her mum and the others just gasped at her appearance.
My, but thou art a lovely sight to behold! her mum gasped.
Thank you, she replied simply as her mum wondered what became of her little girl in one afternoon.
Sarah was distracted by a maid. Your room is ready for you, Milady, she spoke.
Sarah momentarily stared at her, not realizing that she was expected to remain at the manor. Her mum could detect this from the look of confusion on her face.
It is thy responsibility that you go hither, Sarah. Me and thy brothers doth be fine without ye, she conveyed abruptly. Be off with thou.
Sarah, feeling shunned, followed the maid to her room in the farthest section of the manor. Sarah realized that anything was better than their one room cottage with a loft shared amongst four people, but this was absolutely luxurious in comparison. Being left by herself, the maid explained that supper would be served shortly. Sarah again looked at herself in the mirror, mesmerized by her new appearance. She was indeed lovely. Looking in her armoire were several other dresses and nightgowns, which Sarah surmised were probably hand-me-downs from Elizabeth, but still very exquisite to Sarah.

Chapter Two
Sarah was surprised when she was awakened by a maid early in the morning.
Come hither, Milady. Thou must be dressed, she claimed.
Sarah was amazed that it took an hour of primping to be acceptable, unlike her previous existence where she merely hopped out of bed and was ready to start the day within minutes. This time she wore a simpler blue gown which highlighted her blue eyes. After being served her breakfast, she was escorted to the schoolroom where she met with Duncan for her tutorial. Unfortunately, Elizabeth was also present, glaring at her with an element of hatred in her eyes. Sarah could feel her jealous venom, especially after noticing that she wore one of her discarded gowns again. In the middle of the lesson, they were interrupted by the seamstress.
Me hath been beckoned by Miladys maid. Me doth need Milady for a fitting, the seamstress who was a plump, cheerful woman announced. Elizabeth continued to glare with hatred, realizing that her discarded gowns had to be altered since they were oversized for Sarahs figure.
Very well, then, Duncan acknowledged. We shall reconvene again this afternoon.
Sarah was led to another room in the manor which contained multiple dresses of all sizes and colors, where the seamstress without hesitation disrobed Sarah, taking measurements while trying on multiple dresses.
There is one that doth fit Milady while me tend to thy others, the seamstress, named Mavis, indicated, assisting the green gown onto her. Thou doth appear most lovely in it.
Thy most kind, Sarah replied sweetly.
Mavis fussed and fretted as she spent the next two hours measuring and adjusting. When she was finally finished, Sarah was famished. She decided to visit the kitchen for something to eat and to converse with her mother. Again, everyone in the kitchen halted their tasks as Sarah entered, mesmerized by her altered appearance.
Hello. Where art thy mum? she inquired as Mae entered the room.
Sarah, thou art beauteous in thy new robes, her mother gasped.
Me thanketh. Thy most hungry. Thou dost have fare remaining? Sarah asked.
Thou not partaken? her mum asked astonished.
Me seamstress fitteth thy gowns, she conveyed.
Sitteth thyself down for some sustenance, her mum offered, retrieving leftovers for her. Taking an extra minute, she asked. Thou art treated fairly?
Yay, Sarah indicated. Thou dost tutor me in Anglaise.
Mae, who was satisfied, left to finish her task as Sarah joined Duncan in the school room for more lessons, but not without passing Elizabeth who was snitching more food from the pantry.
It has been expressed that you are not speaking proper English around the manor, Duncan scolded her.
Even with my mum? Sarah asked.
Especially with your mum and the maids. If you are to become a lady, you must act like one at all times, he instructed as Sarah sighed. Very well, lets resume your lessons,
Sarah found that she had extra time during the day than before, so she always attempted to slip down for a short break with her mum. One day, she wandered out to the stables to visit with the horses. Taking an apple from the kitchen, she fed it to a pregnant mare who had become her favorite.
Good day, Milady, the stable hand greeted her.
Is it possible to learn how to ride? Sarah asked in her best English.
Yay, with Milords consent, he claimed as she petted the mare whose name was Magni, short for Magnificient.
She was suddenly distracted by the approach of a horse whom she recognized as Sir Georges. Uncomfortable, she remained where she was, although she was tempted to escape.
Hello, Sarah, he greeted as he entered the stables.
Milord, she expressed with a slight curtsy.
I notice you have been fond of the horses lately? he inquired.
Yes, Milord, she responded uneasily realizing that he had been observing her.
Perhaps my groomsmen can provide you with some lessons? he proposed.
Yes. I would like to learn to ride, Milord, Sarah affirmed.
Very well then. You will be outfitted with both the proper attire and a horse as soon as possible, he promised.
Thank you, Milord, she replied gently.
I have some letters for you to scribe. Perhaps you would accompany me into the library, he suggested as he escorted her into the manor.
Sarah always felt apprehensive around Sir George because of his alleged reputation, so she hesitantly followed him. Taking off his riding gloves, he handed her some parchment, a quill pen and ink and instructed her to scribe for a formal invitation. After examining the results, he requested that she write twenty-five more copies to be sent to a list of addresses he provided. 
Afterwards, he casually took her hand searching her eyes, inquiring, Does everything meet your expectations at the manor?
Feeling most uncomfortable, she replied, Yes, most definitely Milord.
Very well then. I will allow you to finish your task, he remarked before leaving the room.
Sarah sighed in relief as she observed him depart, working diligently at the required task. Though just as she finished, a maid presented her with a note to meet her mum outside. Putting all aside, she found her mum waiting for her.
Me fearest thou may be in danger, Sarah, her mum began.
How so?
Thou Dukes wife and thy daughter in marriage, Sir Georges wife, hath return with naught a forewarning of thou hither, she warned.
They do not know of my position then? Sara asked.
Me heareth thou may be banished, her mum continued. Thou shall cometh hither with me.
Sarah shook her head. Not now until I learn if it is true.
Take heed then, me child, Mum mumbled, giving her a quick hug before she departed.

Sarah hesitantly returned to the manor just as a carriage pulled up. Sarah observed from afar as a grand lady exited and entered the manor. Sarah dallied about the horses in the carriage house, fearing to enter the manor just yet, wondering if she should heed her mums advice. As dusk set in, she entered quietly through the kitchen, making her way up the stairs. However, she couldnt help but to overhear loud voices arguing in the parlor. Stopping to listen more closely at the landing, she heard her name spoken.
You purport that George hired a young comely girl as a scribe while his wife and I were visiting family. How dare him, Lady Gwen exclaimed.
It has been said that she is educated, and I have witnessed such, the Duke defended.
You know very well how George can be around the ladies and one so young yet. His wife will not have it, I tell you, Lady Gwen emphasized. And her family was instrumental in resolving our debts through marriage.
Sarah was a scullery maid in the kitchen, but she has been said to have many aptitudes, the duke continued.
Thats not what I have heard from our darling Elizabeth who is positively outraged over this; particularly with her gowns being altered for this Sarah, Lady Gwen shook her head in dismay.
It has been reported to be gowns she has outgrown. You shall meet her tomorrow. She would be a perfect companion for Elizabeth if she would allow it, the duke countered. Though, she is of a jealous nature.
She shouldnt have competition in that regard in her own domain, Lady Gwen insisted.
Very well then. Meet her and then you decide, he conceded.
I most certainly will, Lady Gwen maintained.

Sarah scurried off to her room for some respite. A maid quickly entered assisting her to take off her gown and stoked the fire for her. Sarah noticed that several of the altered gowns were now in her wardrobe. She lit a candle, taking out a book she borrowed from the library on healing plants and began to read. It relieved some of the tension which soon relaxed her enough to fall into a restful slumber.
Chapter Three

Sarah felt trepidation upon leaving her room the following morning, not knowing what to expect. She immediately tiptoed into the schoolroom where Duncan awaited her, rationalizing this was an excellent place to hide. However, it did not last long as a maid beckoned her down to the library.
Sarah hesitantly entered where the duke, Sir George and Lady Gwen waited.
Sarah, the duke greeted cordially, Please come in. I would like you to meet Lady Gwen.
Sarah curtsied politely and then sat down in a chair which was offered to her.
You have come with high recommendations, Lady Gwen reported coldly. As you probably are aware, I have been away visiting family with Sir Georges wife, Lady Alena.
Yes, Milady, Sarah acknowledged, attempting to use proper English.
Please tell me about yourself, Lady Gwen continued.
Sarah hesitated for a minute, gathering her thoughts, before beginning. My stepfather recently died and my uncle assisted in obtaining a position for my mum and me here at the manor. I have two younger brothers who live in a cottage in the village, Sarah spoke slowly and correctly.
You are very young. Who taught you to read and write? she inquired.
My grandmum, Naida, before she died, Sarah responded succinctly, knowing not to reveal too much information.
Exactly what did she do to sustain herself, and where did she ascertain this capability? Lady Gwen questioned.
She aided the doctor in town with the poor, Sarah answered, I know not where she acquired this ability.
Very well, Lady Gwen concluded, We will verify this information. In the meantime, you may resume your tutoring.
Thank you, Milady, Thank you truly for allowing me to serve you, Sarah replied, relieved to depart, despite feeling their scrutiny as she did so.
When she returned to the schoolroom, Elizabeth accosted her rudely. Just for your knowledge, you will soon be returned to the kitchen where you belong.

But, it was not to be at the present time. Sarah went about her lessons and tasks, waiting to be dismissed, but no one said a word except Elizabeth who loved taunting her about her. She realized through positive vibes that Duncan had become fascinated with her ability to quickly comprehend the lessons in addition to her mesmerizing appearance. Elizabeth, who grasped every opportunity to flirt with Duncan, whom she became infatuated with, reacted with increased venom and jealousy towards Sarah, determined to be rid of her.
As the days passed, Sarahs anxiety lessened, despite Elizabeths disparaging remarks and Sarah successfully completed her tutorage. This gave her even more free time around the manor. One day, Sir George approached her concerning her riding lessons.
I have come to learn that you now have a riding habit? he questioned.
Yes, Milord, Sarah acknowledged.
Then, we shall proceed with your first riding lesson. Meet me at the stables within an hour, he proposed. I wish to overseer the estate and the groomsman will accompany us. This will be an excellent time to tour the grounds.
Not knowing how to decline, she again repeated, Yes, Milord.
Sarah entered the manor through the kitchen, hoping to converse with her mum first, although she noticed she was pre-occupied in preparation for a large dinner gathering for that evening. She then proceeded to don her riding outfit and slowly wandered down to the stables, not knowing exactly what to expect. She quickly noticed that the horses were saddled, and Sir George and Henry were waiting.
There you are. It is a beautiful day for your first lesson, he contended as he assisted her up on the horse, explaining how it was done.
Sarah felt extremely uneasy over even his slightest touch, recognizing his increasing fascination with her. Yet, she did not know exactly what to do about it, short of using her powers to deter any unwanted advances in the event of danger. So, she listened intently to the instructions and said little except to acknowledge the understanding of it.
They were soon riding together over the moors when Sir George redirected Henry to another task within the village.
We shall meet you back at the stables, Henry, Sir George proposed as Sarah began to experience trepidation by the sudden change of plans.
Continuing to ride towards the sea, Sir George suddenly halted at a small, deserted stone church. Come, Sarah. I want to show you the ruins of the Moors that is a landmark on the estate, he claimed, dismounting to assist her off her horse.
Nay, Milord, she conveyed, realizing his intentions, I must return. I am expected.
For what? he demanded as he glared at her.
By my mum, she explained.
Your mum is able to wait, he insisted.
Nay, Milord. I must go now, she asserted as she turned her horse, leaving him standing there gazing after her.

She hadnt admitted it, but she had previous experience with horses when she accompanied her grandmum on her medicinal home visits on an old gray mare. Though, this was different as she slipped her leg over the saddle so she could gallop faster. She knew Sir George was quickly gaining on her as she headed for the village. Just before entering, Sir George grabbed the reins of her horse, bringing it to a sudden halt.
Whoa, he commanded, but Sarah was relieved to be on the outskirts of the village where there were people. What are you doing?
Sarah knew anything she said would be misconstrued, so she dared not meet his glare, blushing as she waited silently. She could read Sir Georges thoughts, knowing that he was angry for this missed opportunity and her perceived defiance.
Very well, he finally conveyed. I will ride ahead to the stable. You may come when you are ready. We will discuss this later.
Sarah watched him gallop off, wondering what she should do next as she heard a familiar voice.
Well, doth be thy Sarah, all fancied up, John remarked, approaching her.
John, she murmured, still in a dazed. How are you?
And thy doth speakest all fancy also, he remarked. 
My regrets. It is expected of me, she explained.
Needest  thou some assistance? he inquired, observing that she was in distress.
Oh John, I am in such a quandary, she tearfully conveyed.
Come hither, he offered, helping her off her horse. Thou must tell me.
No, John, I am unable, Sarah claimed, unsteady in the aftermath of her rigorous ride.
Methinks thou feareth Sir George, he suggested, having witness their interaction.
Sarah didnt respond at first, but she didnt have to from her demeanor. I dont know what to do, she finally conveyed. He is infatuated with me.
Yay, so me heareth, he acknowledged.

Sir George doth known for his way with thy ladies, John continued.
I know not what to do. My mum and my brothers welfare remain at stake, she confessed.
Thou must protect thyself, he warned.
How? she beseeched.
Me here for thou if thy must escape, he offered.
Where would thou go? Sarah murmured.
Me think of going to America, he announced.
When? she asked.
Whence me beget thy coinage, he answered.
Perhaps, I can assist with that, her eyes brightened.
Nay. Thou art risking thy welfare, he argued.
Yay, though thine is better than the alternative, she concluded.
Thou doth callest me if thou art in need, John offered.
Thank you, John, Sarah replied, giving him a hug. I must return. Fare thee well.
Godspeed, he returned as Sarah mounted her horse as she waved good-bye.

From high on the moor, Sir George witnessed the entire exchange, ascertaining that is where Sarahs heart lingered. Turning around he galloped back to the manor and left his horse with the stable hand as he quickly entered, realizing his wife had already arrived for dinner. Sarah, in the meantime, meandered slowly home, observing all of the greenery, not eager to return to that which awaited her. 
Chapter Four

Sarah waited for her mum, knowing she was due to be finished soon for the day. She sighed in relief when she finally appeared. 
What doth bother thou, Sarah? she inquired, quickly noticing her distraught demeanor.
Sir George, it is, she confessed, reverting back to their common language, Me doth fear thy welfare may be at stake.
Thou must go for thine own safety, her mum insisted.
John, in thy village, hath said thee shall assist, Sarah conveyed. Thou wishes to depart for America.
Whence shall this happen? her mum asked.
Thy hath need of coinage, Sara continued.
Me shall speakest with thine. Thou dost stayeth safe, her mum promised, giving her a hug. Thou shall useth thy powers if needeth be.

Sarah bidding her mum fare thee well, slipped into the manor through the kitchen, hoping to avoid the dinner guests. But, that was not to be as Lady Gwen was having words with the head cook about an issue and spotted her.
Where have you been? she haughtily inquired. Lady Alena would like to meet your acquaintance.
I have just returned from a visit with my mum, Sarah partially explained, although she realized that Lady Gwen didnt fully believe her.
Come, there is someone also with whom I believe you have previously made the acquaintance, Lady Gwen persisted.
But, I am not dressed properly, Sarah expressed.
It is only for introductions. You need not have dinner attire, she countered, guiding her to the sitting room.
Sarah blushed as she was escorted into the room. Lady Alena, I would like you to make the acquaintance of Sarah Cummings, our new scribe, who will be assisting us with future correspondent needs.
Lady Alena barely nodded her head as Sir George shifted uncomfortably behind her. Finally, Sarah remembered her manners by curtsying, My pleasure, Milady.
Also, this is Dr. Whitholm whom I believe you have made an acquaintance of in the past, Lady Gwen continued.
Sarah was staring into the very eyes of the doctor who undermined her grandmum, whom Sarah held responsible for her ultimate demise. Gathering her wits, she curtsied again politely as Dr. Whitholm commented, It is delightful to make your acquaintance again, Sarah, although you were merely a young lass the previous time.
My pleasure, Dr. Whitholm, Sarah politely responded, not able to repress her tendency to blush.
Very well, it is time for dinner. Thank you, Sarah, Lady Gwen said and then announced to her guests, If you do have any correspondent, Sarah will be most happy to assist you.
Milady, Sarah curtsied politely before taking her leave.
Attempting to catch her breath, she realized that Lady Gwen, who dared not directly undermine the duke or Sir George, had manipulated the situation by inviting Dr. Whitholm who was now considered an expert on digestive issues, mostly using the knowledge from her grandmum. She could discern that this ploy was to expose her true background which her grandmum was unjustifiably blamed, and her family desired to keep secret.

Sarah returned to the kitchen for some leftover fare since she had missed her dinner and was famished. The head cook, Mary, who had taken favor with her, provided her some which Sarah took outside to nibble upon as she reflected upon recent events. She came to the realization that she must depart, but she hadnt resolved just how or when. She knew she had to consider her familys welfare as well. It was a complicated situation, but time was of the essence. The one hindering aspect was the lack of coinage to do so and everyones connection to the manor which was delicately intertwined.

After much contemplation, she returned to the manor as angry whispers filtered through the air from a nearby room. Listening closely, she recognized Sir Georges voice in conflict with Lady Alena.
I will not have it, Lady Alena could be heard saying. This is another one of your maneuvers to undermine our marriage.
It most certainly is not, Sir George denied vehemently, I had need of assistance.
It is because I am unable to give you an heir that you must stray, Lady Alena accused.
Most definitely not. Your accusations of my intentions and reputation are totally unfounded, he rejected vigorously.
You heard the doctor. She is derived from a clan of witches that caused another child to die, Lady Alena continued.
It is preposterous, Sir George refuted, that one has anything to do with the other.
She has bewitched you, and I wont allow it, Lady Alena continued.
It is getting late, and I am returning home. Do you wish to accompany me or remain here? he asked as he excused himself suddenly to fetch their carriage.

Sarah quickly sidestepped into a nearby pantry as she heard Sir George make his exit and then listened to Lady Alena softly crying. Distressed, she tiptoed from her concealment to make her way up to her room; however, navigating in the dark she tripped, alerting others to her presence. Lady Alena was unexpectedly upon her inquiring as to her well-being.
My apologies, Milady, she whispered as she righted herself.
You were eavesdropping on our conversation, were you not? Lady Alena accused her.
Nay, Milady. I was attempting to make my way to my room when I tripped, Sarah confessed.
Then you overheard our conversation, did you not? Lady Athena continued.
It was never my intention, Milady, Sarah explained. Although you should know that my heart lies with another and as soon as we have coinage, we desire to wed.
So, you wish to be gone from here. Is that what you are attempting to convey? Lady Alena restated.
Yay, Milady, though I fear for my mum and my younger brothers still, Sarah mumbled.
If I can help you to wed your beloved, would you do so? Lady Alena suggested with a sudden glimmer of hope.
Yay, Milady. He talks of America, he does, Sarah conveyed.
He does, does he? I may be able to aid you with your aspirations then, Lady Alena promised as they heard Sir Georges voice approaching.
Thank you, Milady.
I shall keep in touch then, Lady Alena vowed as she flittered passed Sarah towards the voice of her husband.

Sarah went to bed with mixed emotions; grateful for the opportunity to distance herself from Sir George; however, uncertain what the future held for her and her family. She hoped she wouldnt be caught in the fabrication about being betrothed as she knew that John was only a means of escape and nothing more. Though, she couldnt help but to reflect that although he was struggling like the rest of the commoners, he was indeed a handsome and ambitious lad of eighteen. Perhaps, they could help one another to make a new life in a new land, and then she would send for the rest of her family.
 Sarah pondered her fear of Sir George which was premature since nothing actually happened, although she could feel his negative intentions towards her. She couldnt comprehend why he would act this way towards the ladies as he had a very comely wife. Though, she had to admit that she didnt understand the way of the world having been sheltered until now. But, one thing she did realize and that was the element of fear for Sir George that was certainly real and definitely frightened her just reflecting upon it.

Chapter Five
The next morning, Sarah returned to her tasks as though nothing had happened the evening before. Except for the smug expression from Lady Gwen and daily taunts from Elizabeth, much was the same. Sir George arrived at the manor later in the afternoon while Sarah tediously rewrote part of a poetry book at Lady Gwens request. Sarah recognized that it was merely busywork since she knew one could purchase the book rather than rewrite most of it. When Sir George arrived he was none too pleased at how she was spending her time. Thereafter, Sir George redirected her to scribe correspondent letters, although Sarah could feel his discomfort, realizing that more words must have been exchanged about her between him and Lady Alena. Sarah was relieved to be given a reprieve later that afternoon where she could visit with her mum in private.
Hath thou speakest with John, per chance? she inquired.
Yay and he merely awaiteth for thy consent and presence, her mum conveyed.
Lady Alena hath promised thy coinage, Sarah whispered. Then, thou shall knowest more.
Thou must stayeth safe, her mum expressed.
Though, whence the time cometh, I shall be concerned over thy safety if Sir George doth knoweth thy benefactor, Sarah continued.
Me doth sendeth a message to thy sister in Ireland if needeth be, her mum replied.
Then, we doth awaiteth, I fear, Sarah maintained with a shrug.
Fare thee well, her mum emphasized with a hug.
Thy too. I must returneth before I am missed, Sarah contended. Godspeed.

Sarah remained close to the manor, not daring to stray even to the gardens while Sir George was in the vicinity. Though, with Elizabeths constant taunting and spiteful remarks, it was most tempting to wander past the cold walls to enjoy the beautiful spring day outside.  Finally, unable to bear it any longer, she meandered out to the rose garden for a breath of fresh air after learning Sir George was away for the afternoon.
As she was sitting there alone, she was approached by a young man who politely introduced himself as a messenger sent by Lady Alena. He then slipped her a purse with coinage and after a few polite words made his departure. Sarah was somewhat startled by his bold approach, quickly tucking the purse in her bodice before observing around her for anyone watching. She quickly walked into a secluded part of the garden to count the coinage and was somewhat overwhelmed by the amount.
Surely enough for both her and her family to make a new life, she thought. She strolled back towards the manor, not sure how to proceed when she decided to wait for her mum to finish for her advice. Catching her exiting, she discreetly handed her the purse, making plans to escape early the next morning.
Thy shall keep it, Sarah mumbled, and doth tell John to awaiteth for me early in thy morning. There be enough to divvy up amongst us.
Mae quickly transferred it to her bodice for safekeeping.
Me shall awaiteth for thine, her mum reassured her. Tonight, me tell John to expect thine and to prepareth.
Godspeed.
Fare thee well.

It was difficult for Sarah to act as though nothing was out of the ordinary, especially as Elizabeth jealously approached, accusing her, Why were you with William in the garden?
Then, Sarah knew the transaction had been witnessed. Delving into Elizabeths mind, she recognized that she was infatuated with him as with all of the other available young men in the area.
He was merely being polite, Sarah explained calmly.
What did he give to you? she demanded.
My handkerchief which I had dropped, Sarah fibbed.
Why was he here? she insisted.
I know not that, Elizabeth, Sarah responded. Please, excuse me. I have much to do.
Sarah was relieved when she left as she went up to her room to gather her things. She quickly began to pack her satchel with essentials, only taking the basics. She knew she wouldnt have need for any of the fancy gowns, only taking those more proper for a long journey.
Sarah wandered down to the kitchen for some fare, having missed dinner amongst the staff. Mary was always accommodating to all of her needs and allowed her to pack up the leftovers in a sack to take back to her room. As she climbed her stairs, she heard a noise in her room. Listening closely, she realized there was someone rummaging amongst her things. Concentrating, she knew it was Elizabeth searching her room for something; most possibly what she perceived as the item that was given to her by William. Then, she knew Elizabeth saw more than she admitted and was attempting to cause trouble for her. Sarah sighed in relief that she knew enough to turn over the purse to her mum for safekeeping, but also realized she needed to depart before any accusations arose.
She quickly decided to leave her possessions behind since Elizabeth would soon know of her intentions and spread the word to others. Clandestinely, she made her way down the back staircase, out into the twilight, proceeding under the moonlight in the direction of the cottage. She knew she must hurry since time was of the essence as word would quickly filter throughout the manor of her intentions.
Hearing a horse approaching from the distance, she took shelter in a grove of trees, peering out to determine who it was. She noticed one horse and rider galloping from the manor and determined it was Sir George as panic devoured her. Meditating, she realized he was in search of her most likely after being informed of her intentions through Elizabeths prying. She was caught in a conundrum, not knowing how to proceed. Finally, she continued to make her way towards the village, suddenly fearing for her familys welfare, regretting giving the pouch to her mum. If they should find it on her, it would put them all in danger.
Finally arriving at the village, she remained on the outskirts, observing from afar, although she continued to feel danger surrounding her. However, she knew she couldnt remain there all night, so she hesitantly made her way around the back of their cottage, listening for anything unusual. But, there was nothing to be heard. Making her way into the cottage, it was empty as she gasped in fright. Where was her family, she panicked. Searching around in all of their secret hiding places, she found no purse or other coinage. She took a satchel and stuffed a couple of her old dresses into it with other essentials with only the moonlight to guide her, shivering from the cool air with anxiety. She knew she couldnt remain, so after gathering her things, she proceeded to venture towards the door when it suddenly opened. Standing in the doorway, a large figure loomed as Sarah fainted to the floor from fright.

Sarah, Sarah, a voice called to her from far away as she felt a cool rag on her forehead.
Me, it is, John, to taketh thy away, he continued.
   Sarahs eyes popped open at the sound of his voice. Where am I?
In thy forest, he soothed.
Thou frightened me, she mumbled.
Thou naught thy intention, he claimed. Thou must cometh quickly. Danger surroundeth us.
My family, where art thou? she asked.
Gone, me awaiteth for thou, he conveyed.
Where?
Thou shall meeteth up with thy hither at the pub. Methinks we should hurry, John implored.
Sarah gathered her satchel as John assisted her up, and together they traveled towards Middlebury. 
It was several miles before they arrived at the pub as the morning sun arose high in the sky. As Sarah remained behind in the trees, John searched for her family, finally asking a stable hand for a sighting of them.
Thou doth taketh thy coach this morning towards Sussex, he reported.
Sarah had mixed feelings about the news, glad that her family was safe but distressed about her own future.
Though, they have thy coinage. Whatever shall we do? Sarah expressed.
Thy mum left thou some coinage, John announced, pulling it from his pocket.
Then, it is better if they go their separate ways. I fear we will be pursued, Sarah predicted.
Fearest thou from whom? John asked.
Elizabeth, at the manor, spied the messenger with thy coinage. Sir George was in pursuit of me, Sarah maintained.
Thou need not fear. Me shall protecteth thou, John promised.
Thank you, John, but whence and where shall we go? Sarah asked.
London, then thou shall cometh with me to America where thou shall be safe, John proposed.
How might we accomplish thy plan? Sarah asked.
Thou waitest here. Me think it is best for thou not to be seen, he directed as he visited with the stable hand to secure a single horse.
How doth thou propose both of us ride thy one horse? she inquired as he brought it out to where she was hiding.
Thou shall see, he replied as he mounted it, and then pulled her up in front of him.
Sarahs eyes widened as he held onto her tightly galloping off towards London. Whence thy arrived, thou shall sell thy horse for passage to America, he proposed.
Sarah was suddenly scared of the proposition. Although, it sounded exciting during the preparations, it had suddenly becoming a frightening reality.

Chapter Six

By this time, all of the manor had knowledge of the familys departure as Sir George sent his men in search for them. He became suspicious, not just of the fact that they had disappeared, but how it was financed. Elizabeth was more than willing to report Williams visit. Whereupon further questioning, he admitted delivering a pouch, although he denied knowledge of what it contained. His wife, Lady Alena, had been wise enough to distance herself by visiting her sister in the country. Though, Sir George was aware of missing coinage, although he couldnt be certain exactly what had become of it. He could only surmise. But, not one to be deceived, he headed out to find the answers.

The trip was long and arduous for Sarah and John, especially over the rutted road. At any sign of horses, they would hide in the forest until their passing. By nightfall, Sarah was exhausted.
Needed thou rest? John inquired.
Yes, and I have some fare to partake, Sarah indicated as they found a quiet area near the Thames River.
Helping her down, John tied up the horse as Sarah rummaged through her satchel for bread and meat. Tis not much, but it will have to do, Sarah remarked. Whence doth thy think we should rest for thy night?
There is a pub hither. Perhaps, thy hath a bed, John recalled.
Thou doth not expect me to bed down with thine? Sarah questioned with astonishment.
Only for thy protection, John promised.
Sarahs eyes widened about the uncertainty of it all, not sure as to whom she could trust after Sir George.
Thou must trust me with thy welfare, he promised.
Sarah didnt say much as they remounted the horse and continued on their journey.  Overly fatigued, she was grateful to be allowed a bed at the pub, having not slept the night before. Though, there was only one left and as tired as she was, she didnt argue as John and she shared it with her satchel in between them. Dawn came too early as Sarah made her way down to the pub to gather more fare as John readied the horse. Rested, she was eager to continue their journey, momentarily unaware of the prying eyes lurking about.
Impatiently, they remounted and continued on their journey, warily, but not with certainty that they were being followed. After another two hours of continuous riding, Sarah begged for a reprieve to rest. John reluctantly halted the horse, in the hidden foliage near the river.
Doth thy know how much longer to thy destination? Sarah questioned.
Until the sun sets and then we shall be nearer the wharf, John reported.
Then what?
Thence, me seek thy passage to America, he proposed.
What if we should be separated? Thence, what do thy propose? Sarah questioned, fearful of the surreptitious eyes she felt following them.
Thence, I shall wait for thou near the wharfs, John promised as he put his arm around her protectively. Though, first, me shall put down thy life to protecteth thou.
Sarah didnt want to disclose her powers, but she realized it would be most likely in reverse. It was best not to reveal them right now, she realized. After resting, John went to prepare the horse down by the water as Sarah gathered their possessions, preparing for the remainder of the journey. Turning around in the forest, she saw evil eyes staring at her as she gasped in fear. Sir George quickly accosted her, covering her mouth from her attempted scream, dragging her farther into the forest before pulling her up onto his horse.
Scream and your betrothed shall be dead, he threatened her as Sarah could hear John calling her name. 
By the time John found the dispersed satchel amongst the forest floor, he knew what had happened, quickly mounting the horse searching for her as Sir George expeditiously galloped off.
Holding onto her tightly as they swiftly made headway, he whispered in her ear, Your familys welfare depends on you. Either you cooperate, or you and your family will quickly be lodged in the debtor prison for the stealing of my coinage.
But, I takest naught, she countered.
Who will the magistrate believe? Me or you as commoners, he asserted, and Sarah knew she was doomed within the court system. From now, it is imperative you speak proper English.
Taking a detour from the road, he headed off an alternate path until they came to a small hunting lodge in the forest where he dismounted and an older man, named Henry took his horse from him.
Where are we? Sarah whispered.
My hunting lodge midway to London. I much prefer this as a stay-over than a publick house, he divulged, leading Sarah inside as she noticed various types of stuffed game decorating the walls.
Make thyself at home, he remarked with a bit of sarcasm as an older woman brought forth some fare to eat as Sir George introduced her as Marion.
Sarah merely stared at it, not knowing what to expect. Placing a mug in front of her, she pretended to partake, not trusting its contents. Concentrating, Sarah was aware of Sir Georges intentions and was preparing an intervention to counter it. However, she realized that she would need all of her wits about her to do so.

As the others partook, Sarah surveyed the lodge for the best way to escape, but Sir George was aware of her contemplation.
You are safer here than in the forest, Sir George remarked, staring at Sarah as she blushed, knowing otherwise.
She realized his intentions as she silently meditated on her options. Marion left to prepare the bedroom for her, leaving a nightgown out. Though, Sarah excused herself to first use the outhouse as Sir George accompanied her outside, waiting for her. As she hesitantly exited it, he took her hand, backing her against the lodge attempting to kiss her.
I beg of you to cease, she pleaded tearfully, struggling as he kissed her mouth, reeking with the smell of beer breath.
Its either this or the debtor prison for you. Which do you choose? he stated.
The debtor prison, for I have naught done anything wrong, Sarah countered, struggling away from him. Then, she realized it was either now or never as she drew upon her special powers to enshroud herself. As Sir George went to grip her, he was rebuffed, although Sara knew her protection would soon dissipate, leaving her vulnerable once again.
At first, Sir George was bewildered thinking he had imbibed too much, but when he became more aggressive, she sent a laser zap at him, causing his collapse. Immediately, thereafter, she ran to the barn, having only time to throw a blanket over his horse with a bit, climbing on the corral to mount. By that time, Sir George staggered in as Sarah once again enshrouded herself and then zapped him again as he drew his gun to halt her, causing him to stumble from its force. Barreling past her, he pulled the trigger; however, Sarah only felt mild shoulder pain as her protection reflected the bullet.
Sir George stared after her, totally disoriented, unsure as to what he had just experienced. By that time, Sarah, grateful for her experience of riding bareback with her Granny, galloped off as fast as she could towards London, never stopping to look back.
 By then Marion and her husband came rushing out to assist Sir George as he incoherently mumbled, They were right. She is a witch, and she stole my best horse. 
They both helped him into the lodge as woozy as he was from the laser strike.
What other horses do we have? Sir George mumbled.
Only the old gray mare, Henry reported. She is half-blind and wont be much good in the dark.
Dont worry. Ill find her and when I do, shell be sorry she chose the debtor jail, he ranted.

Sarah continued to ride as fast as she could with the moonlight as her guide. She knew she had to make time, putting fear aside. Though, within ten miles she felt the vibes of another close-by and then directed the horse off the road and behind a tree, closely monitoring as she shivered from the dropping temperatures. From there, she observed a lone horseman. Recognizing the horse, she dared to make her presence known.
John, it is I, she began as he stopped.
Sarah? Me doth looketh for thou, he exclaimed as they both dismounted, falling into one anothers arms in relief.
I have escaped, though I shall be pursued and put into the  debtor prison, she wept, clinging to him.
Come hither, thou takest my horse and doth leave the other, he insisted as he remounted, pulling her up. Me think we hath need to ride through the night.
Yes, we must go forth straight away, Sarah agreed.

Sarah, suffering from a residual headache and being expended of energy from the use of her powers, lapsed into a semi-conscious state of mind as John held her close to him. Although he would never admit it, he had fallen in love with Sarah from the first moment he laid eyes on her. Mesmerized by her blue eyes and blonde hair, he had never seen anyone more lovely. There was also something mysterious about her that he couldnt pinpoint, but it made her even more alluring. Tucking her under his cloak as the rain began to fall, he knew he wanted Sarah to be his forever one, although he realized that right now her safety was of utmost importance.

Chapter Seven

Sarah didnt wake up until John halted the horse inside a stable area.
Where art thou? she murmured, waking up.
At a distant cousins house near the wharf, he replied helping her down as he steadied her from her exhaustion. Thy shall wait here.
Sarah looked around at the empty lean-to, glad to have shelter from the relentless rain as she sat down in the hay from weakness. Finally, John returned, helping her up.
Thou shall come with me. Me kin shall give us a bed in exchange for thy horse, he announced.
What then? Sarah asked.
Me shall find passage to America, he continued.
Carefully surveying the bustling street, John assisted Sarah inside the small flat and introduced her to an older couple named Agnes and Walter.
Thou art my mothers distant cousins, he introduced as Sarah faintly smiled in acknowledgement. Sarah hath weakened from thy journey.
Agnes provided her with a bed in another room as Sarah lay down. Please, John needs to fetch thy satchel, she requested.
Searching through it she found some feverfew herbs that she took from her mums house and imbibed it with a cup of water. Now, I shall feel well, soon enough.
What is it? Agnes inquired.
It relieves the head from aching. It is known about the countryside, Sara explained, before falling fast asleep.
Sarah did not wake up until the next morning feeling refreshed, but hungry. Agnes served a grand breakfast of eggs, oatmeal and hot bread which both she and John quickly devoured.
Methinks thou hath found passage to America, John conveyed.
Whence might that be? Sarah asked.
The week following, a ship is to sail, he added. The Massachusetts Bay Company to Boston, that is.
Truly? Sarah commented. But, I must seek out my family.
Too dangerous, John remarked. Others hath ask questions about thou at the wharfs.
Indeed? Sarahs eyes widened with fear.
Thou doth need to cloak thyself whence out, John continued.
But, that shall be near impossible, Sarah contended.
Agnes doth have something to help, John alleged.
What shall that be? Sarah inquired.
Wine and elderberries doth change the color of thy hair, John suggested.
And thou too? Sarah contended.
Yay, me too, John consented, hesitantly.
Agnes assisted with changing the color of Sara and Johns hair from a blonde to a darker reddish brown in color and was able to obtain the garb of the Puritans. 
Now, we are camouflaged, Sarah admitted, gazing at herself in a small mirror.
Walter shall escort thou to the ship at dawn since the wharf men know of him, Agnes conveyed and then reassured them, He has your forged documents, including a doctors note as to thy health ready for ye. Thou shall take a Bible and hold a wrapped blanket as a child in your arms. Study thy Bible as thou shall be expected to knoweth. Thou shall be safe then. Godspeed, Agnes conveyed.
Thy names hath changed to Anne and Daniel Hughes, John stated.
Thence, we are to be married with the same berth? Sarah asked in surprised.
Yay, tis part of the disguise, John disclosed as he put his arm around her. Once there, thy can make it so?
Sarah blushed, unsure as to how she really felt, beyond frightened for their well-being.
Though, the day of the departure was raining with fog and Sarah, not daring to meet anyones gaze with her striking blue eyes, was escorted onto the ship. She was assigned a berth below while John took care of the paperwork. There, she stayed, cowering into the corner until they set sail. Only then would she dare to leave her berth to mingle with others.
Yet, just as the sailors were pulling in the ropes, everything was halted and the ramp was let down for access.
What is it? Sarah asked John.
Thou stayeth hither. Me shall go above to see, he responded as Sarah hovered in their tiny berth.
Soon after, several constables boarded, searching the vessel for particular passengers, and Sarah feared she was doomed. She then noticed they were seeking a younger woman and quickly approached her.
Look up at me, he commanded as Sarah slowly met his gaze. Remove thy bonnet.
She slowly obeyed as her dark hair appeared.
What is thy name? he continued.
Anne Hughes, she replied as John approached protectively, and my husband be Daniel Hughes.
Show me thy papers, he continued looking through their possessions as John brought them forth. 
After examining them, he concluded, All is in order. He then proceeded to the next young woman.
John protectively put his arm around Sarah, both holding their breath silently as the constables continued to search the vessel. Finally, after half an hour, they could hear the ramp being pulled in and the sailors scurrying about as the ship began to lurch forward. Only then could they breathe a sigh of relief. Though, listening closely to the conversations amongst the passengers, they learned that they were in search of a young, light haired girl with blue eyes wanted for theft by the duke. All of the ships were required to be thoroughly searched prior to departure.

John remained with Sarah, comforting her as they sailed the coast towards Plymouth where they would dock overnight before continuing across the Atlantic. Though, Sarah dared not feel safe until they were far out to sea.
That night, Sarah clung to John in their small berth as the ship rocked and rolled during a thunderstorm amongst the waves. John soothingly held her tight which lessened the symptoms of her queasy stomach, before she fell asleep from exhaustion. Though, the crowded conditions and the various reeking odors permeated the air, making it difficult to sleep for long. Sarah was grateful when the seas calmed and she could climb up to the deck, taking along all of her worldly possessions contained in her satchel in fear that it would be stolen below. One in particular was a book about the healing herbs which was given to her at Christmas by her grandmum. She remembered her discussing a pressure point on the wrist which would alleviate motion sickness. In trying it, she did feel some relief, although the calmer seas and bright sun made a difference also. She sat on top of a wooden enclosure and then took out the Bible Agnes gave to her. As John went over to observe the seaman, she began to read it to better play her part as a Puritan. With her photographic mind, she quickly absorbed the information, realizing her goal was to finish it by the time they landed. 
Sarah attempted to remain by herself as much as possible to circumvent any questions, but it was not always possible as others mingled to pass the long, boring hours out at sea. The seaman would constantly gawk at the more comely young girls, but were mostly condescending to the people dressed in Puritan garb, she noticed. Though, mostly everyone remained within their family groups, particularly those from the Netherlands. Sarah became adept at answering vaguely and redirecting the conversation back to them. In doing so, she learned much about their religion and expectations.
During the night, when John and she were together, it was the only time they could communicate.
What shall we do whence we arrive? she whispered in his ear.
Me think to find work on a fishing vessel, he murmured back.
Thy will leave me alone in a strange new land? she questioned.
Thou shall be settled before thy do so, he promised as he gave her a kiss and held onto her more tightly as the boat abruptly lurched. Though first, me think we should wed.
How so, when we are supposed to be already? she asked.
Me think of some way to do so, he responded as Sara sighed. Perhaps, thou should make the acquaintance of others now. 
Thy hath fear of saying something wrong, she claimed.
Thence, just smile, and thy fairness will find a way in thy new world, he mumbled before falling asleep.

The next day, Sarah, while reading the Bible, was sitting alone on her favorite wooden box when she was approached by another young woman.
Hello, she greeted in a friendly manner. Dost thou hath a favorite chapter?
My favorite shall always be Exodus, Sarah replied, only into it by several chapters with the others unbeknown to her.
Thou art Anne? she continued, and your husband be Daniel?
Yay, Sarah acknowledged. Where art thou going?
Salem, to meet thy extended family.
 What art thou thy name? Sarah inquired.
Emma and thine is fifteen, and thy familys name is Samson, she continued. Where doth thou be going?
Within the same area, Sarah responded, not sure what else to say.
How old are ye? Emma asked.
Thy hath turned eighteen since the beginning of the voyage, Sarah admitted, without even telling John.
Oh, thou doth waiteth as I hath something for thou then, Emma claimed, disappearing for a half an hour. She return with a cross pendant.
Accept this as a gift for thy birthday, Emma offered as she put it around Sarahs neck.
Thank ye, Sarah smiled appreciatively, admiring her new necklace.
Me father doth a pastor, she continued, Though he doth not like me to wear it, even if it is thy pendant.
Oh, Sarah remarked confused.
Thy father thinketh that it maketh me vain, Emma continued.
Thy shall be very proud to wear thy pendant. Thank thee for thy kindness, Sarah smiled, tucking it within her bodice.
Sarah excused herself to find John and share their fare of hard biscuits and dried meat.
Me been given some beans from thy crew for thy help, he smiled. Me doth share it with thou.
Sarah smiled as she enjoyed the alternative to the same fare day after day. She knew the passengers were greatly restricted in cooking while the crew was allowed a hot meal under supervision with the fire and kettle on the deck.
Thou doth like being on the sea? Sarah asked.
Yay, he admitted.

Chapter Eight

Sarah remained mostly by herself, reading her Bible while John spent the majority of his time assisting with the ships crew, attempting to learn all he could about the vessel. In reward, he was allowed a portion of the crews grub which he shared with Sarah. Though, Sarah would spend as much time as possible on the deck, when the seas were calm. It was a reprieve from the pungent odors and crowded conditions below. Every day, Emma would sit by her for the same reasons. At times, they would discuss the Bible. Emmas father invited Sarah to join their prayer sessions, which helped her to become more familiar with the scriptures. Yet, Sarah couldnt avoid noticing a very pregnant young woman and approached to befriend her.
Hello, she greeted, My name is Anne Hughes. What is thy name?
Jane Rowland, she replied.
Your baby is coming soon? Sarah continued.
Yay, but hopefully not until landing, she responded, anxiously.
Tis thy first child? Sarah inquired.
Yay, although me hath a stepchild by thy husband, she acknowledged, pointing to a young girl playing nearby.
Thou art going to Salem? Sarah asked.
Boston, to be near thy family, she conveyed, looking out at the horizon. Thy fear a storm approaches.
Yay, Sarah acknowledged as she looked around for John as Jane and her stepdaughter went below.
Daniel, she called to him, A storm approaches and thou shalt goest below.
Thou goest. Me shall cometh soon enough, he promised.
As soon as Sarah climbed below, the vessel began to roll with the increasing winds. As the rocking became more prevalent, Sarah began to search for John. When he didnt come, she attempted to climb the ladder to the deck, but was halted by several men.
Thou cannot goest up there, one foreboding man stood in front of her blocking her way. Thou shall endanger us all.
But, thy husband remains on deck. Thy must fetch him, she cried out as he physically restrained her.
At that moment, they could all hear panic above as the crew was yelling Man overboard. Then, Sarah knew it was John, unknowingly calling out to him by his real name John. Finally, Jane came over to take her to her berth as the others, although confused, prayed with her, amidst the lurching and creakiness of the ship mixed with the yelling from above.
Sarah attempted to tune into John, suddenly feeling him to be alive as the sailors eased him down the covered hatched in a semi-conscious state. Sarah went directly to him, knowing to press on his stomach to release the extra water from within from her grandmums teachings. Gradually, he began to come around, more alert to his surroundings. Others around her looked at her strangely as another passenger tended to him.
I thought his name be Daniel, Emma mentioned to her.
It tis, Sarah confirmed.
But, you called him John, she continued confused.
He doth sometimes be called that to differentiate from thy father, whose name be the same, Sarah fibbed.
But more confusing as John gradually came around, he kept murmuring Sarah, instead of Anne which further bewildered those who knew them. His hair, because of the ordeal turned to his normal blonde color. The passengers, who had been silent in observation, were suddenly whispering and Sarah knew their cover had been exposed. But, she didnt care as long as John survived.
Sarah helped to change John out of his wet clothes and wrapped him into a blanket in their berth. He continued to cough, and Sarah feared that water remained in his lungs. She knew from her grandmums experiences that this could result in consumption. So, she eased him to the floor of the ship, turning him over and then continued to press on his back as he released more fluid. With the help of others, she eased him back into the berth and covered him up, lying next to him protectively. By the next morning, the seas had calmed and John was able to sit up.
Thou hath been fortunate, Sarah greeted him.
Yay, he had to admit.
What happened to thou? Sarah asked.
Me think thy hath been blown overboard, but snagged by the ships hook and pulled back to thy ship, he recalled as he continued to cough.
Here, I have some dried mullein for your cough. Taketh with thy beer, Sarah suggested, preparing it and assisting by holding it. I fear thy disguise hath been exposed. 
How so?
Thy both calleth thou by thy real names with others as witnesses, and ye hair hath become light with thy mishap, Sarah conveyed.
Thy doth bound to happen sometime, John contended.

Everyone had become weary of the trip as it entered its last leg of the voyage. Each day began to drag as some of the rations were depleted, and many spent their time in protection of that which remained. Although he would never admit it, Sarah knew that John was debilitated after his experience and wasnt quite as uninhibited as before. Sarah knew from his congestion that John still experienced weakened lungs from his episode, but could only share her remaining herbs of mullein for the cough and feverfew for pain. She was eager to land to replenish her stash of needed herbs, not knowing what was available in the new land.
Though, with the promise that the journey was soon to end, Sarah anxiously prepared, eagerly waiting for the sighting of land. Observing the endless waves from the deck, it seemed relentless, although her seasickness had at last subsided some. John was back with the crew, but not quite as daring in his actions. Sarah continued to read the Bible, finishing the Old Testament and beginning the new one. She and Jane would sometimes discuss what they had heard about the new land, wondering what life actually entailed. During one such visit, Jane gasped as she looked down at the fluid below her.
Thy baby is ready to be born, Sarah announced, having some experience with this, amongst her grandmums patients. Thou shalt go below to ready thyself. Come.
They found a secluded corner as some of the other women prepared it with a blanket.
Go, find thy father to assist, Sarah directed Janes stepdaughter, Chastity, as her mothers contractions intensified.
Though James, her husband was of little assistance as she directed him to bring Daniel forth to them. When he came, she asked him to boil some rags and a blanket on the deck above and find a bottle of wine which was nearly impossible to come by.
What needeth that for? Jane mumbled.
It doth lessens the pain and makes thy more sanitary, Sarah conveyed, having watched her grandmum wash her hands with it prior to delivering babies, although she didnt know exactly the reasoning behind it.
Somehow, John delivered the supplies as Sarah and another woman named, Miriam, assisted while the other Puritan women observed with disdain over the use of alcohol. As the pain increased, Sarah encouraged Jane to imbibe to lessen it. Miriam, feeling about her abdomen remarked, Thy fear the baby be breech.
Can thou turneth it around? Sarah inquired.
Thy can only attempt, Miriam concluded.
First, wash thy hands with wine, Sarah insisted. It makes for less malady for mother and child.
Miriam looked confused and then questioned, Why so?
My grandmum delivered many babies and did so, Sarah explained as Janes pain intensified.
Giveth her more wine. She hath need to relax for this, Miriam suggested as Sarah did so, although this didnt calm the screams as she vomited it up with intensifying contractions.
Finally, Sarah, having difficulty enduring the escalating screeches, remembered one more approach her grandmum used and that was meditation while holding her head to calm someone during birth and other procedures.
Whence you turneth the baby, I shall attempt to calm her, Sarah announced, positioning herself at Janes head and grasping both sides with her hands. Closing her eyes, she was able to draw energy from beyond to place Jane into a trance. As she did so, Miriam was able to successfully re-position the baby. Gradually, Sarah opened her eyes as Jane followed Miriams command to push. After three more big pushes, the baby boy was born.
Miriam again rinsed her hands with wine at the suggestion of Sarah, before clearing the babys airway as it cried lustily to the cheers of those nearby. Then, after cleaning a knife with more wine, they cut the umbilical cord and placed the baby within the sterilized blanket. Sarah assisted with cleaning up, again using the wine to sanitize as needed. Exhausted and suffering from a residual headache following the use of her powers, she downed the remaining feverfew for the pain. She was aware that it shouldnt be used for childbirth since it could promote excessive bleeding, though Sarah, weary, was satisfied at the favorable outcome.

Despite the successful outcome, the Puritans afterwards maintained their distance amongst whispers whenever she was around. Sarah, nave as she was to their rigid teachings was at first unaware of any transgressions, although she did hear the word witch amongst them. But, all was forgotten as land came into sight and everyones attention was diverted. By this time, she had become close friends with Jane, although her destination remained different than her own. Their baby whom they named James also after his father, became a focal point to Sarah, so proud to be part of the birthing process. Perhaps, she thought that she had a future in healing and being a mid-wife. She was determined to search for more herbs to sustain her cache and then look into it.
After a couple of more days because of the weather, they were finally transported by a small boat to land. Jane invited both Sarah and John to lodge with their kin for a few days since the last of their coinage was used by John to obtain the costly wine from the captain of the ship for the birthing process.
What shall we do? Sarah whispered to John.
There hath rumor of need for fishermen, John reported.
But, thou will be gone, and thy shall be all alone, Sarah maintained desperately.
Yay, though it doth sustain us, John countered. Its hath been said that the excursions be only for a few weeks at a time.
If thy must, Sarah responded. Though, how doth thou feel about being wedded?
Thou doth hath different names. Thy shall look into how best to go about it, John continued, with Sarah suddenly feeling his hesitation and unsure how to decipher it.
Despondent, she assisted with Jane and the new baby until she felt they had overstayed their welcome. Though, she was most grateful for the opportunity to bathe and wash her clothes.
Thy hair has turned light with thy washing of it, John noticed.
Attempting to search for a mirror unsuccessfully, she could only take his word for it, wondering how that would affect their disguise. Yet, Sarah was unprepared when John returned home in fisherman garb.
Whence did you obtain those? Sarah asked confused.
From thy crew. Me hath been chartered on a fishing boat, leaving on the morrow, John announced, taking Sarahs hands in his own. Me shall return for thou, and together thou shall be wed.
Sarah tearfully held onto him. I shall miss thee John. Promise thee that thou shall  safely return for me.
Yay, Me doth promise thee, he reassured her.
Together, that evening they shared their love for one another in the privacy of their room. Clinging together until dawn, John whispered, Thy must goeth. Me shall returneth for thee.
Fare thee well, John, Sarah whispered tearfully, and Godspeed thee home.

Chapter Nine
But, despite Sarah lingering down by the wharfs on a daily basis, there was no sight of John or his vessel returning. Sarah became more despondent and desperate with each passing day as the warm days began to turn cooler. Forlornly, she spent her time hunting the nearby forests for any special herbs available and was grateful to find some before the snows began. She knew she had overstayed her welcome, especially when one of Janes kin approached her about a position available in Salem as a caretaker for an elderly Puritan woman. Sarah felt she had little choice but to accept it and packed up her measly possessions with a promise by her hosts to tell John of her whereabouts once he returned.
James was kind enough to transport her to the home of Widow Constance Goodman, who resided in a small clapboard cottage on the periphery of Salem. Sara was impressed by the accommodations, being allowed a room to herself, realizing that her employers deceased husband must have once had affluence in the area. She came to realize that he had been a successful farmer and upon his death Constance sold the land and moved closer to town. Childless, Sarah recognized that Constance had little patience or tolerance for others which resulted in difficulty of retaining caregivers. Yet, Sarah, eager to please, became acceptable to Constance as a companion as well as a caregiver.
Part of Sarahs duties was to accompany Constance to church for their three hour services twice a week. They both sat together on one side with the women while the men sat on the other. Sarah winced at the hell and brimstone sermons and public condemnation of the smallest of transgressions. Though, she knew she must maintain her masquerade until John came to fetch her. So, she tuned out, while attempting to mentally entertain herself. In the meantime, she absorbed the Puritans covenants and behaved accordingly, realizing she had little choice.
Although the rains continued relentlessly, she was grateful for a warm and comfortable place to stay during her wait. Constance, despite her continuous complaints of arthritic pain, preferred to remain at home for the most part. Sarah would mix the feverfew for pain and alternate it with St Johns Wort for mood within a tasty tea mixture, learned from her grandmum. 
Here, taketh thy tea. It will make thy feel better, Sarah encouraged her.
What is in it? Constance questioned.
Something, my grandmum would use to ease thy pain, Sarah answered.
Thou dost seem to make a difference, especially in thy dismal weather, Constance concurred.
Sarah also noticed the St. Johns Wort seemed to make her less cantankerous, so she continued with the healing herb teas. Desiring to fill her cache, she headed for the forest to search for any remaining herbs. It was the last of the beautiful fall days as the sun glistened off of the vibrant colors. Sarah had always loved this time of the year before the holidays, but not this one. Absentmindedly, she thought about her family and wondered where they were and then of John, who seemed to have disappeared off the side of the Earth. She was beginning to regret her decision to come to America, feeling she would have been better off being the Dukes mistress if it meant being close to her family, instead of being left alone in a strange land and culture.
In her reminiscence, she was suddenly distracted by voices as she witnessed Emma and another girl by the name of Prudence walking through the forest. As they came upon Sarah, Emma asked her, What art thou doing?
Just gathering all of the remaining herbs before the snows come, Sarah smiled.
What dost thou use them for? Prudence inquired with curiosity.
Mostly for tea and to heal thy maladies, Sara responded, displaying the different ones as they silently looked on.
Art thou like Tituba? Prudence inquired, referring to an Indian woman known for her healing abilities in the area.
I know not since I have never met her, Sarah answered.
Well, thou shalt, Emma smiled.
Oh? Sarah acknowledged.
Thou may goest with us to see thee, Prudence suggested.
Where doth thy live? Sarah asked.
Hither. As a servant to the Parrish family, Prudence insisted.
Though, thee hath passed her in the woods gathering thy herbs also, Emma observed
Curious, Sarah followed them until they came upon Tituba.
Thou art hither, Emma claimed, pointing to her plucking plants some distance away.
 Thou art coming with me? Sarah questioned as they shook their heads.
Nay, thy hath to leave, Prudence disclosed as Sarah picked up negative vibes from them. Suddenly, hearing the sound of a horse, the girls quickly scattered, leaving Sarah standing near Tituba. Since she was there, she decided to visit and introduced herself.
 Me know you to come, Tituba said in broken English, unlike the Puritans speech.
How doth thou know to expect thee? Sarah asked, looking around at the various herbs she had picked.
You made known to me, Tituba explained, dressed in plain garb, fingering her herbs in the basket.
How hath that be? Sarah inquired confused.
From beyond, she indicated succinctly, looking upwards, Come, tell me about your special powers.
Sarahs eyes widened at her knowledge. How hath thy knowledge about them?
It in stars. You chosen one, Tituba continued as Sarah was beginning to believe she was crazy as rumor would have it. Children chosen too.
But, me hath no children, Sarah countered confused and blushing as Tituba stared at her midriff.
It in stars, she predicted as Tituba brought forth her herbs to display.
Though being polite and accommodating, Sarah and Tituba exchanged their knowledge about the various plants in the area. As it began to rain, Tituba discerned, Thy no Puritan.
Why doth thou say that? Sarah asked curiously, wondering if the knowledge was widespread.
Me know. Thy have secrets, she continued.
Nay, thou art wrong. Thy must leave now. Fare thee well, Sarah quickly conveyed, shivering from her encounter, before hurrying off towards Constances cottage, never looking back.

From then on, Sarah maintained her distance from Tituba, realizing she somehow knew her inner secrets. Not wanting them to be exposed, she mostly remained close to the cottage as the winter snows began to fly. She came to accept that John was not coming back for her, but despite everything, she was determined to somehow find her family once spring arrived, anxious to leave this dismal existence behind.
It was a particularly cold winter that year with constant accumulating snows, but Sarah looked forward to preparing for the holidays. She remembered how her family when she was young would burn a yule log obtained from a local cooper, creating potash as food for plants to promote blooming while exchanging small homemade gifts. This was when her grandmum gave her The Healing Herb Book on their last Christmas together. However, Sarah in her ignorance wasnt aware that the Puritans viewed any Christmas celebration as an abomination.
Thou shall burn a yule log for Christmas this year, Sarah suggested as Constance just looked at her in disbelief.
What doth thou mean? she confronted her crossly.
Thou dost not wish to celebrate Christmas? she asked confused.
Thy doth not celebrate Christmas in its paganism and idolatry. Thou against our covenants for merrymaking or reveling, Constance stated, scrutinizing her.
Did not Governor Bradfield make thy legal to celebrate? Sarah inquired.
Thou shall not do so without being shamed or chastised, Constance disclosed. Thou shalt knoweth the Puritan covenants.
Sarah was speechless, realizing that she had just exposed her masquerade. Not knowing what to say, she just nodded and mumbled, Thou hath thy apologies. She quickly left the room as Constance stared after her wondering just who was this girl in Puritan garb. Yet, she had to admit, Sarah was the only companion whom she could relate to, and she certainly knew how to accommodate her and her maladies. Because of this, she decided not to say anything, although she was determined to observe her more closely.
As Christmas came and went as any other day, Sarah became more and more despondent, besides the fact she hadnt felt well of recent. But, she was able to conceal the fact from Constance with her increasing need to rest throughout the day. Although, there was no mirror in the house, Sarah couldnt help but to notice changes lately. Besides feeling nauseated and tired, her midriff was expanding, although it wasnt noticeable beneath her dark dress. She wondered if Titubas predictions were correct; that she was with child, although there was no one she could trust to ask. Despondent, her memories of her past life and love were slowly disappearing as the dismal future loomed ahead.

As winter waged in colonial Massachusetts, so did a strange phenomenon within Salem in early 1692. Just as the warmer weather arrived, so did the hysteria, with Sarah not fully aware of the consequences. Much rivalry was occurring, resulting in bickering amongst the landowners, which affected the economy and was considered the work of the devil. Sarah had heard the word witch, but not often, although she recollected being called one when she assisted with the babys birth on the ship. However, she never considered her special abilities as the work of the devil. Her grandmum always referred to it as a gift to be used to help others. Yet, the situation intensified when the Reverend Samuel Parris was becoming increasingly disliked because of his greedy, yet righteous nature.
When his young daughter, friend and niece began to experience screaming fits of contortion, Sara became aware that it was diagnosed by the doctor as supernatural, which was hysterically explained away as witchcraft.  Paranoia followed with several members of the community being questioned by the magistrates with some being thrown into jail.
Constance, who had become quite fond of Sarah, called her to her bedside, warning her, Thou must leave for thy own safety and thy childs.
Sarah just stared at her. But, how did thou know about thy baby, she asked confused.
Thee hath two, although thy didnt survive childhood. Thou art in danger and must leave, Constance emphasized.
But, thy cannot leave thee like this. Anyway, thy hath nowhere to go, Sarah responded desperately.
With thy gifts, you doth be accused, Constance continued.
Though, I hath done naught, Sarah countered.
Thou involved with thy herbs and healing. Thy will be denounced, she stressed weakly. I fear I have revealed to thy doctor of your healing herbs.
Sarah suddenly remembered how her grandmum was falsely accused which resulted in her untimely death. It was never explained, but Sarah quickly realized that she was most likely accused of being a witch also.
Whence and how shall thy go? she inquired desperately.
Hire the Thompson boy to take thee to Boston by carriage, Constance beseeched her, Thou shall give him a stipend to do so. Be off with you and Godspeed.
But, it was not to be as she was intercepted and brought into the local magistrate for questioning prior to being able to do so. Along with several other women, she sat in shock as accusations and finger-pointing indicated she was practicing witchcraft. Sara remained in a daze as allegations were being thrown at her.
What is thy name? the magistrate asked her.
Anne Hughes.
And doth thou have a spouse? the magistrate continued.
Yes, Daniel Hughes.
Where art thou husband?
Thou has not returneth from a fishing expedition, Sarah reported sadly.
It has been indicated that you have used magic potions on Constance Goodman, the doctor claimed.
Yes, thou was foraging in the forest for them, Emma and Prudence both accused her. Thee witnessed thy gathering plants for thy witches brew.
Thy hath seen her in cohorts with Tituba, the pastor added.
Thou hath been seen putting thy birthing mother on the ship in a trance, another accused.
Tituba hath identified thee as a witch, the magistrate added. What doth thy say to thy accusations?
What harm hath thy been accused? Sarah disputed.
Thy daughters of thy children hath suffered intensely under thy witches spells, straight from the devil with fits, the pastor bellowed in their defense.
Thy hath seen their symptoms elsewhere while in England, and thy doctors hath indicated it comest from a rot on thy grains which causes this to occur, Sarah countered.
The magistrate looked confused and then asked, Then, why might some be afflicted and not thy others?
It hath been said it affects thy children and thy smaller in stature more severe, Sarah further explained.
Hath thou heard of such? the magistrate asked the doctor who shook his head no.
  Where doth thy obtain thy information.
From thy grandmother, who worked with a doctor in England, Sarah claimed, leaving out the word healer.
Thy doctor shall further investigate this, the magistrate claimed, but doth thy know the consequences of deceit and untruthfulness?
Sarah shook her head no.
Hanging from the gallows, he emphasized, staring straight through her.
She hath already done so, a voice came from the back. Her actual name doth be Sarah and her so-called spouse named John. Though she be carrying child, there has been no indication that she be married.
If this be true, this is an abomination, the pastor yelled, pounding his fist on the table rattling the room.
Sarah turned to ascertain where the accusations came from and noticed Miriam glaring intently at her as she fainted to the floor.

Chapter Ten
Sarah awoke at Constance Goodmans house as the doctor examined her. She noticed several people staring at her including the doctor, Miriam and Constance.
She is due within the month, he reported.
She doth just a child having a child, Constance insisted. Thou cannot allow her to be jailed in thy condition.
That is not my decision to make, the doctor commented. The grand jury has indicted her, and she will be expected to go to trial. She hath ample time to provide the required paperwork.
If she is unable to care for thy child, my husband and thee doth take it to raise, Miriam interjected.
And why naught she be able to do so? Constance insisted.
Thy child must be brought up by thy covenants, Miriam insisted.
Thou shalt not steal is thy commandment to live by, Constance asserted, Thou cannot taketh what naught belong to thou because thou art barren.
Hold thy tongue, the doctor commanded. Thou shall do what is best for thy baby.
What is best for thy baby is for thy mother to remain here for now, Constance persisted.
I shall ask for a reprieve from the trial until she delivers, but I know not if it shall be granted, The doctor concluded.
And thy husband and I shall also espouse thy request until thy baby is born, Miriam confirmed.
Then, she shall remain in thy house for now, Constance concluded, escorting the others to the door.

Sarah, overhearing their conversation was grateful for the reprieve, but devastated by their intentions. When Constance returned to her bedside, Sarah whispered, Is it truth in what thou hear about them taking thy baby from thee?
Miriam doth desperate since the loss of her child and unable to bear another, Constance disclosed.
But, how doth thou know this whence she came on thy ship with me? Sarah asked.
It hath become known from which she utters, Constance conveyed.
But, thy naught hath the papers thou ask of me, Sarah confessed.
Where art thy papers? Constance inquired.
With Daniel, she admitted.
What art thy real names? Constance questioned suspiciously.
Sarah sighed, before confessing to the names of Sarah and John and conveying the entire truth of their circumstances.
Thy hath every intention to be married, though John hath first to rectify thy paperwork, Sarah continued tearfully. Thy miss him so much and thy family, wherever thou may be.
Thy will help thee, Constance promised, sympathetically, Thy shall make a secret pouch within thy dress for coinage, and thy shall assist thee to escape.
Truly? Thy indebted to thee, Sarah whispered tearfully. Thou art compassionate.
Thee shall abet thy efforts because of thy sinful ways of thy pastor. He taketh from thy dead husband for thy church and leaveth me with pittance. Though, he doth spendeth on himself, his family and adherents, Constance insinuated. Thy shall rest. Thou art safe for now.
Sarah was unable to sleep, not in fear for herself, but for her baby. She did not trust anyone but Constance and knew once the baby was born, her life was in jeopardy. Though, she kept herself busy sewing the secret pouch and catering to Constances needs as much as she was able while making plans to escape. However, the accusations and hysteria worsened as her last month of pregnancy progressed. Sarah remained in the house, fearful of leaving, because if she did she knew she would be apprehended and taken directly to jail if she was caught. Miriam and the doctor visited frequently at the request of the magistrate before the final decision was to be made as to her trial date. In the meantime, she fine-tuned her powers, practicing every day, praying she would not have need of them.
Though, as everything settled for a short time, life took a grievous turn when Sarah, upon serving Constance her breakfast in bed, found her dead. Then, she realized she was doomed, not knowing which way to turn. So, frightened, she sought to escape, packing her satchel and taking extra coinage in a purse while waiting for darkness. She knew not where she was going except away from there where her life was at stake. She heard that two women were condemned and hanged as witches and realized they were just waiting for her baby to be born before she was to be condemned also.
Though, that evening, she didnt make it far as she bent over in pain, knowing her time had come. As the contractions intensified, she had no choice but to seek help, knowing she was unable to do this by herself. So, she made her way out the front door as she doubled over in pain. It was not long before she was found and assisted back into the cottage by a passing farmer and his wife, who then quickly sought out the doctor. Miriam, hearing word, hurried over to assist, and it was she who found Constance dead in her bed with Sarah now realizing her fate was sealed.
Though, in intense pain, she knew she had to focus on the baby. The labor was long, but as the dawn arrived, a healthy seven pound baby boy was delivered, lustily crying for his mothers milk. Miriam remained as the constable was called to investigate Constances death and remove her body for burial. Sarah, exhausted, was unable to give them any more details than she had discovered her as she was. Yet, searching through her satchel containing all of her clothes and a purse full of coinage which was confiscated, Miriam smugly believed that they had found enough evidence and motive for a conviction. The next day after finding a substitute wet nurse, Miriam took the baby from Sarah as she was hauled off to jail and charged with murder and theft in addition to witchcraft.

Sarah, weakened by the birthing experience and conditions of the filthy jail, was comforted by Tituba.
Why hath thou accused me? Sarah asked her feebly.
Thy beaten til thy know not what thy said, Tituba confessed, while bringing forth her small satchel of possessions, Here, take purple cone flower with water. Make better.
Thy fear it is too late. Thou shall hang me for thy baby, Sarah murmured, distraught that John wont ever know he had a son. But, she remained comforted only by the fact that if he had met his demise she would soon join him in the hereafter.

Thy care for you here, Tituba promised, Make you strong. Then use powers to escape.
But, thy naught a witch, Sarah mumbled, exhausted and emotionally spent.
Confess and repent or you be hanged, Tituba explained.
Sarah looked at her blankly, knowing what she said, but too weak to care as she shivered from the cold. Tituba comforted her and held her close to share her warmth.
When the magistrate returned the following week, she was dragged from the communal jail to be tried, but she knew between the doctor, coroner and Miriam, she would be convicted. Miriam, she realized, wanted her gone, so she could lay claim to her baby. She could not deny she used the herbs, but it was to heal, not to harm, she claimed. Though, no matter what was said, it was countered by the doctor and Miriams testimony together, who convinced the magistrate that she murdered Constance with evil intent for her coinage. There was no countering it, and much to the smugness and satisfaction of Miriam she was convicted to be hung by the gallows on the morrow. As the verdict was announced, Sarah collapsed and was hauled back to jail.
Tituba immediately comforted her. You must draw from outer powers for strength, she consoled. Show powers, it frightens them.
Finally able to fall asleep, she was roughly awakened by a guard, Thou hath a visitor.
Sarah looked up believing she was seeing an apparition when the vision of John appeared, Sarah?
John, John art thou truly here? she wept, touching his hand through the bars.
Yay, me doth come for thou, he claimed, looking around desperately.
Thy fear it is too late. Thee to be hung on the morrow, she whispered.
For what? he asked desperately.
For being a witch with thy healing herbs, Sarah whispered.
What, me doth come to take thy away, he mumbled frantically.
Where hath thy been? she murmured.
West Indies. Thee hath been fooled by the captain, and then delayed by bad storms, he mumbled. Me shall plead for thy life.
Tis too late, but thy can save thy baby from Miriam, who slanders to keep him as thy own, Sarah beseeched him.
Thou hath a son? he questioned in disbelief.
Yay, she concurred tearfully. Go now, before thou is arrested and convicted too.
The jailer returned, indicating that he must leave.
Thy shall always love thee, John, Sarah wept.
Me shall always have thee in thy heart, no matter what, John responded tearfully.
Findeth our son and tell him of thy love for him, she called after him as he was escorted away.
Sarah broke down in tears as several women joined her, having witnessed the exchange. John was desperate to the point of recklessness as he entered the court while it was concluding, demanding to confer with the magistrate. Though, being of an arrogant manner, the magistrate denied any further consideration as he warned him to depart before he too would be accused through association.
Reverend Parrish, escorting him out, attempted to reason in his persuasions that he needed to reconcile that this was Gods fate for those who reviled him.
Sarah hath only healed others with naught any harm, John countered.
She is a witch, responsible for thy harm of thy children and causing the death through thy spells of Constance Goodman, who gave thee accommodations, Reverend Parrish ranted. Take thy body afterwards if you must and give thee a proper burial. Perhaps, thy soul will be redeemed for thy evil revilement of our Lord and Savior.
John stared at him with incredulity, only realizing that he was as irrational as the entire town. He then sought out Miriam and her husband who were currently farming on the outskirts of the town.
Me have come to see thy son, he insisted.
Thou shall leave now, or thou shall be arrested, her husband, Herbert, threatened. Thy wife has been good enough to taketh in thy baby and thy giveth him a good home. Be off with thou before thou art hung also.
John remounted his borrowed horse, drifting aimlessly, knowing not what else to do when he was approached by a young boy who brought him a message.
Sarah doth request thou to come to thy hanging to retrieve thy body, he mysteriously conveyed as John began to choke up, weeping convulsively, not knowing where else to turn.
 Finally gaining control of himself, he persevered in obtaining a gun to abduct Sarah, realizing that his efforts would be the least he could do to save her. Riding towards Boston, bound and determined to find his fellow seaman whom he knew would be of assistance, he remained resolute in his cause. He realized that the execution was scheduled for noon the following day, so he planned accordingly.
 Tituba, while comforting Sarah, continued to encourage her to call upon the outer powers while utilizing her own until the very end. Me call out to them for thou, she promised.

Though, despite obtaining firearms, assistance and a refreshed horse, unbeknownst to John, the constable decided because of the threats to reschedule Sarahs hanging earlier in the day, before the others in fear of  reprisal. So, Sarah was taken from the jail alone as she was marched to Gallows Hill and escorted  up to the platform. Only the constable, jailor, Miriam and Reverend Parrish, all who shared in the change of the agenda, were present despite the approaching storm. Sarah desperately looked around for John, but did not see him. Concentrating, she enshrouded herself as the constable attempted to put the noose around her neck, but despite his continuous efforts he was at first unable. Though powerless to sustain a continuous protection, with persistence he eventually succeeded. The observers were privy to this strange phenomenon, but it only encouraged them to proceed more quickly as the lightning began to flash from the heavens above. As the Reverend cited the Lords Prayer, Sarah gathered all of her powers from within and as the constable released the level, laser sparks spewed upwards to sever the rope as it tightened around her throat. In the distance, she heard the sound of horses approaching as the group cowered in fear from the display of powers.
Sarah realized John was coming to rescue her and so that he wouldnt be tempted to shoot them, she lasered each one as they collapsed to the ground immobilized. Turning, she saw Johns horse approach the platform as he grabbed her in one swoop, galloping off with another following in their wake.
The baby, the baby, Sarah cried out.
Soon, they were diverted as John and his accomplice headed directly towards the Millers house. John took little time raiding the house at gunpoint as Sarah procured the baby from its cradle and then galloped off together into oblivion, never stopping until they arrived in Boston.
Quick, me think theres a fishing vessel heading out to sea, the other seaman apprised them of the situation as Sarah took the extra coinage still sewn in the hem of her dress as a bribe for passage. She knew it made no difference where they may be headed as long as it was away from Massachusetts. 
Finally, in an exhausted state, Sarah collapsed below with her baby while John assisted the crew with the ship above. Sarah stared longingly into her newborn sons eyes as he cried lustily in hunger. Sarah was grateful that Tituba encouraged her to maintain her milk supply up to the very end to alleviate the discomfort and for the possibility she may need it. Never giving up hope, she heeded her advice. Though, she knew she would have to somehow slowly increase it to maintain the babys demands. Yet, she realized that now that they were safe, it would somehow work out.

Chapter Eleven
The other seaman, some of whom John knew, provided them with blankets, boiled rags and a crate for the babys use. It wasnt until the following night that they had an opportunity to talk, although both were still in disbelief from what had just occurred.
What happened to thou? John whispered to her, not wanting to wake up the baby. Me think you doth safe with Jane.
Thee found a position in Salem with a widow as her caretaker since thee had overstayed thy welcome, Sarah began. She was good to thee. Though, thy children of the town began experiencing strange fits, which thy Reverend blamed on witchcraft. It hath been said thy children hath lied to protect their transgressions. Yet, thy fits could be from thy bad grain, causing strange behaviors.
But, why hath thou been accused of witchcraft? John continued.
From thy healing herbs thy forage for and used in thy teas, Sarah explained.
But thou was convicted of murder, he maintained, bewildered.
Constance hath illness and thee provided some teas for thy aches and pain. Tituba from the Indies was also accused of witchcraft and into healing potencies. Thou beat thee until thou made thy say other names, including thine, Sarah explained and then added. Constance wished to help thee to escape and provideth thee with coinage. Though, thou died as thee was about to bear thy baby, and Miriam found thy purse. Thus, thou accused thee of thy murder for thy coinage.
Thou townsmen hath more evil intentions than those accused, John responded angrily.
Miriam, from thy ship, accused thee of using witchcraft; since it be said thou was now barren and desired thy baby, Sarah clarified. Though, thou needest to tell me about thy happenings.
Captain Hendrix needed more crew for thy trip to West Indies. Thou rewarded his mates for finding young, strong men. Me doth deceived about thy fishing trip, not knowing what thy entailed. Then, thy storms began, causing thy ship to be grounded for repairs. Me came as soon as thy could, John conveyed. Me pains thy heart for all thou dost suffered.
Thou art with thee now, Sarah responded as she kissed John, That is what matters.
Into the long hours of the night, John comforted Sarah as they renewed their love for one another before finally falling into a blissful sleep in one anothers arms.

Sarah was grateful to once again experience the sun and warm breezes as they headed south in calm waters.
Where art thou going? Sarah asked the captain, who had taken quite a fancy to Sarah.
Virginia, he answered.
Virginia? Sarah repeated. Whence shall thou arrive?
Within a weeks time, he answered and then added, Come, I have some stowed cargo which may be of interest to you.
Sarah was unaware that the boat was transporting contraband tea and wasnt actually operating as a fishing vessel. Although confused, she was thankful for the fresh air, unlike that of the filthy jail or a functioning fishing vessel. All that had transpired still remained confusing to her, especially the use of her powers. She intentionally left out those details in her explanations, and Sarah merely explained the scenario as being caused by a lightning strike. John didnt question it, and she didnt provide any more details. Yet, she remained overwhelmed by her abilities, hoping she would never have a need to use them again.
John approached her on the deck. Sarah, thou hath a surprise, he began, smiling. The captain claims he hath thy authority to marry us.
Indeed?  Sarah murmured wide-eyed.
Yay, officially, he concurred. Now, thou can use thy real names.
Truly, Sarah cried out, giving him a hug, Thou doth make thee so happy.
Then, thou shall be wed before the sun sets, he promised and then continued, Oh, thy captain doth request one more thing. To begin thy new life, thou must forego our Massachusetts way of talking. He doth say that those in Virginia speak as the English aristocrats.
I shall try, since I have been correctly trained, Sarah spoke slowly, carefully thinking prior to each word, Though, it will take much practice since I have been in a habit of speaking similar to the Puritans to maintain our disguise.
There, me likes that better, though you may need to help me with this, he suggested.
Thou can begin tomorrow, Sara began and then laughed, That is, we can begin tomorrow.

The setting for a wedding was perfect with the captain providing Sarah several dresses that he had in stowaway. Sarah didnt ask any questions, but was just grateful for the gift and chose the cream colored ruffled one to wear for the occasion. Sarah and John lovingly exchanged their vows under a magnificent sunset. Nothing else made any difference to Sarah, still marveling by her good fortune in being provided the prospect of a new life with her forever love. The captain then invited them to share a delectable meal in the captains quarters afterwards of cod, greens, sweet potatoes and spoon bread. Sarah couldnt ask for anything more than being safe and secure within the arms of her beloved. She looked forward to new adventures, excited to listen to the captains tales of Jamestown, the capital of the colonies, and the opportunity for new beginnings.

It was a warm and humid day when they arrived at Jamestown. The captain, quite mesmerized by Sarah, offered them accommodations at his small house in town where his widowed mother resided with three servants. Having heard that Sarah had been a companion, he furtively hoped that she would consider doing so again while enticing John to becoming a mate aboard his ship. He realized that his trade was dangerous with a high turnover, but it was also quite profitable. Though, he was considering gradually transitioning to the transportation of tobacco or at least use it to conceal the other contraband. John was eager to take the offered position, knowing that Sarah was well situated.
Captain McManus then introduced his mother Rose, who was quite taken with the baby. It is my pleasure to meet you, Rose greeted as she introduced Fortune and Dee, who were the house servants and Cuthry, who assisted with most of the outside work. My, but you have a beautiful baby. What is his name?
We have named him Peter after Johns father, Sarah announced full of pride.
That is a lovely name, Rose smiled. Please make yourself comfortable, and dinner will be served at 6:00 oclock.
Sarah was quite impressed by the accommodations, knowing the captain had a reputation of wealth in the community. It didnt take long for them to be settled in the oversized guest room. Cuthry found an old cradle in the stable out back, cleaning it before presenting it to Sarah for the babys accommodations. Sarah was most appreciative of the hospitality, especially when Dee offered Sarah a most needed bath, where after she arranged her hair into a stylish coiffure of the era.
Sarah couldnt help but to laugh while viewing herself in the provided mirror at the oversized style, similar to the English ladies, decorated with bows, flowers and pins. Then, Dee assisted her with a blue flowing gown, which emphasized the color of her eyes.
You is a sight to behold, miz, Dee commented as Sarah couldnt stop staring at the transformation. 
Here, do me a favorite and have Cuthry burn these for me, Sarah requested, handing her the worn-out drab Puritan garb, realizing that she wanted to put that part of her life forever behind her.
Though as dressed as she was, Sarah wasnt about to forego her responsibilities of being a mother, having almost lost her son and her life. So, partially disrobing while feeding the baby, she and Dee had a chance to converse.
It is beautiful here, Sarah began, and so blessedly warm.
You done come from up north? Dee asked.
Yes, and England before that, Sarah added and then asked politely, What about you?
Captain done bring Cuthry and me from the Indies, she claimed. It sure is hotter down there.
Are you two married? Sarah asked.
Oh, Lordy no, Dee laughed. I is never gonna git married agin.
Why? Sarah asked confused.
Cause, I done lost my first family to the fever, she explained. Dont you be going out after dark with those squitoes. They done carry the sickness.
The sickness? Sarah repeated.
Yesiree. Lost my family and plenty others to it, specially round all de swamps, Dee warned her.
Im so sorry, Sarah consoled, having heard about it, but never experienced it.
Plenty bad round those tobacco and rice fields. Better cover that baby up good when going out; specially bad at night, she emphasized.
What about Cuthry? Where is he from? Sarah asked.
Same, but captain took him in when he a youngster. His folks died in transport, Dee explained, and Fortune done adopted him. So, he took her too. He sure got a good heart, that captain does. It sure is better than working those fields.
Sarah could vouch for that, realizing that if he hadnt taken them aboard, they would still be desperately hiding somewhere up north.
Is Dee your real name, Sarah asked, thinking it was quite unusual.
No mam. Captain done gave me that name since its easier to say, Dee clarified.
After that, it was time for dinner as Sarah handed Peter over to Dee to rock to sleep. Sarah tiptoed carefully down the elegant walnut staircase in her oversized slipper shoes and quietly made her presence known in the dining room.
Sarah noticed the captain, another couple, his mother and John standing around talking as they waited for her.
My apologies, Sarah mumbled as she entered and the room stopped as everyone stared at her, causing Sarah to blush.
After a minute, the captain regained his composure, introducing her to the others. Sarah, you are looking lovely this evening. May I introduce my sister Cecily and her husband, Joseph.
My pleasure, she nodded as John whom she could tell felt very awkward in this formal situation, offered her a chair. At least Sarah had some experience having lived at the Duke of Meichesters manor for a short time.
Sarah realized the less that was said the better, so she and John politely listened to the others conversation as Fortune began the meal by serving a clam chowder soup, followed by ham, sweet potatoes, beans and corn pone. Sarah eagerly ate, always hungry from the increasing demands of her baby. Conversation flowed easily as Sarah came to realize that Joseph worked in the family shipping business. Their older children remained at home, so that Joseph and Cecily could discuss business after dinner. Sarah was somewhat surprised as to Cecilys involvement in the family business; however after tuning in, Sarah realized that Cecily was quite influential and assertive.
So, do tell us about yourselves, Cecily inquired of Sarah and John during a break in the conversation.
John hemmed and hawed, before Sarah finally indicated that they came from England and while John was out to sea, she remained by herself as a caregiver with another family. Then when John returned, they were thankful for the opportunity to come to warmer climes.
Yes, I can imagine, from all that has been said what is happening up north. It has been rumored that over a dozen women have been convicted and hung as witches near Boston, she commented as Sarah suddenly paled, realizing it was most probably those who shared in the communal jail with her. Cecily, suddenly noticing her reaction inquired of her, Im so sorry if this has affected you, Sarah. Did you know any of them?
Sarah promptly excused herself as she hastily put her napkin aside and hurriedly left the room. Gasping for breath, she slid down onto the floor next to her bed, sobbing inconsolably. John was soon next to her, holding her as she allowed all of her overwhelming pent-up emotions suddenly release as he comforted her in his arms while reassuring her that they were now safe.

Chapter Twelve

John soon took off on another three week voyage with the captain, leaving Sarah behind in the comforts of their temporary home. Rose was delightful company, always eager for company and involved in the community. She never lacked for visitors. Dee would spend an hour assisting Sarah in readying herself for the day, similar to the experience at the Dukes manor. She declined the fancy coiffeur, instead opting for an easy bun style, which was much more functional when caring for the baby.
Sarah kept hearing rumors about the continuing verdicts of witchcraft which would always put her in a depressed mood, knowing how close she became to becoming a victim of it. Though, she continued to remain thankful for John and her still undisclosed abilities that ultimately saved her. However, her familys welfare still remained much on her mind, always wondering where and how they were. She dearly wanted to contact them but still was deeply apprehensive of divulging her location in doing so. She thought hard and deep, desiring to contact other relatives for any information of their whereabouts. She composed a letter, but put it aside until the captain returned for his advice on how to proceed. She definitely didnt want to endanger her family in the process.

Though, her family initially hid in Sussex with Maes cousin, until one of the dukes men came to the house looking for the whereabouts of Sarah. Although Mae and the boys remained hidden, it was enough for them to seek out other arrangements. So, by the dark of the night, they secretly made their way towards Ireland to the brother of their late husband and father. After a week and using up the rest of the divided coinage, they were finally safe in Ireland, taking refuge in a small cottage outside of Dublin. Here, they spent the winter until Mae obtained a position as a cook at a local pub with the capability of renting out a room above it for the three of them. Mae would always prepare too much fare and discreetly concealed it until later to share with the boys. For now, she felt safe and secure; however, she was determined to find the whereabouts of Sarah, no matter how long it took.
The executions continued in Salem. Though, there was much guarded discussion surrounding the circumstances, the spectators continued to maintain a pact amongst themselves never to convey what really had occurred that day with Sarah on Gallows Hill. They conveyed to anyone who asked that the hanging occurred, and that Sarahs husband claimed the body for burial. But, it still didnt explain the reality of what actually occurred which was the wrath of nature and powers combined that thwarted Sarahs actual demise. Sustained by what they witnessed only fortified their determination of the reality of witches and their actual capabilities. Though, in the future, they were resolute in finishing their dastardly task; however, in a more public manner to better protect themselves.
The captain was quite taken with Sarah. She reminded him of his fiance who was taken from him when they were very young, having been stricken with the fever. He had some paramours since, some of whom occasionally accompanied him on his voyages. Thus, he kept some gowns and other items in stowaway, never knowing when there was a need. He too had heard of the hangings in Salem when docked in Boston. When desperately approached by John for passage, he realized the situation was dire, observing the Puritan garb without having to even ask. Normally, he would have refused, but there was something desperate behind those beautiful blue eyes as Sarah held a baby that he couldnt refuse. He took the coinage, although returned the fare many times over by providing them needed supplies.
There was definitely something about Sarah besides her unsophisticated naivety that touched his heartstrings, so he broke his own rules by safely harboring her, even providing accommodations in Jamestown. Though never regretting his decision since John was a loyal and hard worker, the captain began to experience reoccurring haunting visions of his once intended all over again whenever he was around her.
Rose was intent on introducing Sarah about the town. Taking a carriage ride one beautiful summer morning, she was intent on visiting Mildred who owned a tiny millinery shop out of her home.
This is where I am fitted for my best dresses and bonnets, Rose began, Mildred is able to alter some of your dresses to fit you better now.
Sarah and Rose were assisted out of the carriage by Cuthry as Dee followed with several dresses. Fortune remained behind at the house with the baby. Sarahs eyes widened at the various fabrics displayed with several bonnets already made. She was cordially greeted by Mildred and her daughter Bridget as Rose was shown the newest imported materials.
We just received this imported linen from Holland, perfect for the hot, summer weather, Mildred began.
It is indeed lovely. Perhaps, I shall have a summer gown made from it, Rose contemplated as she examined the material.
Bridget invited Sarah into another room to fit her gowns, thinking to herself that these gowns looked very familiar, although she remained silent.
Yes, I will definitely have to take them in for you. But, soon they will fit perfectly, Bridget, who was about Sarahs age, promised. Would you be interested in one of our newest bonnets to complement your dresses?
Thank you, but I dont have the coinage, Sarah refused sweetly.
Overhearing her, Rose interjected from the next room. You most definitely shall have a new bonnet to accompany me to church.
We mustnt argue with Rose, Bridget whispered. If you dont see one you like, pick out the hat and accessories, and I shall make you the prettiest bonnet in town.
Thank you, Sarah smiled, becoming more anxious by the minute to return to her baby. But Rose, who didnt have a chance to get out, relished in chatting about the latest news.
Finally, with the promise to return in a week for the final fittings, Rose led the troupe back to the carriage, although insisted upon taking the outer route to tour the church and capital before returning home. Fortune was none-too-happy attempting to comfort a hungry baby while needing to prepare the evening meal. Sarah promised herself that from now on wherever she went, the baby would accompany her in the future.
 The Voyager was expected back to port any day and Sara, accompanied by Dee, each morning would take Peter for a ride in a borrowed pram down towards the wharf. They would often stop on top of a hill overlooking the shipyards while observing the ongoing activities of the port. Despite being continuously disappointed while awaiting its return, it was always an interesting diversion.
It has been now over three weeks, and it has not returned, Sarah remarked frustrated. I hope all is well.
Captains de best, Dee attempted to console her, but to no avail. So, similar to every other day, Sara returned to the clapboard disheartened, distressed by her new husbands long intervals out to sea.
Yet, Rose continued to enjoy her afternoon tea, often having company and inviting Sarah to join them. Sarah remained polite, but evasive when anything was asked about her past.
Its been said that there has been some interest in moving the capital to Middle Plantation away from these swamps, Mrs. Biddy, the wife of the mayor reported.
Isnt that where there are plans to build a new college supported by King William? the Reverends wife, Felicity remarked.
Yes, Middle Plantation is most certainly expanding ever since the Pages and the Thorpes built their fine brick homes there and several others plan to follow, Mrs. Biddy conveyed. Of course all of us know the dangers of being so close to the swamps where the fever is prevalent. I am all for it.
We shall see, Rose interjected. It is nice being close to the port though.
Yes, but Middle Plantation is only eight miles away and on much higher ground with good river access, Mrs. Biddy countered.
I guess we will just have to wait and see if it becomes a reality. Though, I fear, I shant be alive when it does, Rose proclaimed.
Im sure you will be if they decide so, Felicity commented as Fortune poured more tea. 
Mrs. Biddy, who was unaware of Sarahs situation expressed, Isnt it just terrible about the hanging of all those people near Boston for being witches. I guess they deserve it if they are, but it seems so barbaric. I cant imagine such things happening around here.
Sarah began to pale as Rose quickly interjected to assuage the situation, The Puritans believe anyone who doesnt believe in their covenants are witches. Its a travesty if you ask me. Sarah, I do believe I hear the baby. Perhaps, you have need of checking on him.
Sarah was grateful for the diversion until Mrs. Biddy asked, Do bring him to us. It has been so long since there has been a baby in our midst.
Sarah just nodded and smiled before excusing herself to feed the baby. She waited until the ladies were about to leave before she brought him out to bid them good-bye. Amidst all the oohs and ahhs, Peter, who was completely satiated by this time, smiled farewell with an enormous belch.
Mrs. Biddys eyes widened as Felicity and Rose attempted to conceal their smiles as they made small talk before they finally left.
That was good timing, Sarah mischievously giggled to Dee who couldnt help but to laugh.
I swear like a sailor; that was de funniest thang Ive ever seen, Dee snickered, especially with that Ms. Biddy being so la-de-da!
Sarah shook her head and sighed. Looks as though he definitely knows how to make his point. Perhaps, thats the beginnings to being a great statesman.
That bad, but true, I reckon, Dee acknowledged and then offered, I just take him fer you cause it time fer yer dinna.

Chapter Thirteen
Finally, after six weeks, the ship returned to the harbor and Sarah who had given up on her daily jaunts to the wharfs, was totally surprised by Johns sudden reappearance.
Oh my God, Sarah cried. I thought you were never coming back. What took you so long?
Just business, John explained, not wanting to expound about their narrow escape of being accosted by authorities for illegal tea transport. You dont know how much I have missed you.
Show me, she whispered as they took a moment for a passionate encounter to revel in their love for one another.
Me been thinking about you since me been gone, John whispered, holding and kissing her again.
How long are you planning to remain in port? Sarah asked, concerned he would be gone in a matter of days again.
Me cant be sure though me think the captain wants to head south next, John alleged. 
Why? Sara asked.
Theyve been detaining and searching ships for contraband around Boston. Anyway with fall coming, the weather will be getting colder, John responded.
Perhaps, you can find some work around here, Sarah suggested hopefully.
Like what?
Its been said there is a need for brick makers in Middle Plantation. The town is growing with brick houses being built, Sara conveyed.
John shrugged his shoulders and then replied, Me shall see.
Sarah, being attuned, could read him and realized how much he loved the adventurous sea life, more so then the quiet life of a small town. Sarah sighed despondently and whispered, But, I know you worship your life on the sea, dont you?
The captains made me a first mate with extra pay, John confessed.
But, its because of the contraband and the danger it entails, isnt it? Sarah asserted.
Its the life that be met for me, Sarah, John admitted.

Sarah couldnt help but to feel depressed, realizing that something else was more important to him than her and the baby. John was intoxicated by the adventure and risk-taking which was instrumental in his successful rescue of her for which she was grateful. But, she realized that he needed more than a family life; that she would never be enough for him than just an interim homecoming. Within a couple of days, John became restless often spending his time down at the harbor unloading the cargo of incoming ships for extra pay. The captains ship was being repaired in dry dock, and he planned to take off a couple of months to wait on the tobacco harvest. Yet, Sarah noticed John was staying away longer and longer each week until he announced that he found a job on a fishing vessel, although the trips would be shorter in duration. So, by the time he was out to sea, Sarah suspected that she was pregnant again. Despondent and feeling ill, Sarah spent most of her time around the house. The captain would be in and out tending to business.
Did you hear the news, Dee whispered, who was always eavesdropping.
No, what?
Captains thinking bout building a house in Middle Plantation. I done heard him talking to the mizzes bout it, Dee announced, triumphantly.
Doesnt surprise me. Thats what many of the wealthy are doing, Sarah expressed, knowing if John opted to remain on land he could find work there if he so wished. But, just thinking about it made her that much more downhearted.
On the days Sarah felt better, she would have dinner with the captain and his mother. Often there would be another guest present. This time it was an architect with plans for the new house.
I guess I may live long enough to find myself in a new house, Rose mentioned with a slight smile directed towards Sarah.
It shall be big enough for everyone, and hopefully finished by next summer, the captain announced as Sarah listened to the extravagant plans being discussed.
Sarah appreciated the pleasant diversion, but would often excuse herself early to ready the baby for the night. Lying in bed alone, she wondered if this was what most of her married life would entail.
The next day, she had an appointment with Bridget to let out some of her dresses again. Bridget, who was unmarried still, enjoyed Sarahs company.
I hear the captain is thinking about building a house in Middle Plantation, Bridget implied.
Theres been some talk, but no definite decision yet, Sarah responded, feeling she did not want to be responsible for making the announcement.
After much measuring and pinning, Sarah asked a waiting Cuthry to stop at the apothecary on the way home which also housed the doctor. It had been so long since Sarah had dealt with her herbs and was contemplating asking Rose if she could grow some. She dared not forage for them under the threat of swamp fever. Sarah noticed that there was very little variety, especially healing herbs from which to choose. Doctor Grey greeted her, asking if he could be of some assistance.
Im interested in the healing herbs, Sara indicated.
Oh, are you in need of some? he inquired.
Actually, I used to help my Grandmum in England forage for them. She assisted the doctor there, Sarah explained succinctly.
So, you are quite familiar with herbs and potions, he queried.
Yes, some, but not all, she answered. Where do you get them from, around here?
Most, but some like the tea is imported, he replied.
I was just interested in what you have available in case I am of need, Sarah remarked. 
I have a book on the subject which you are most welcomed to borrow, he offered.
Sarahs eyes widened at the possibility since she had to leave the one her grandmum gave her behind in Salem. Thank you, I shall love to read it.
On the way home, Sarah realized how much she missed her younger life in England with her family and grandmum. Here, she was comfortable, but ever so lonely.
At home, she fed the baby and then sat with him as he slept in his pram in the garden area reading the book. It was one of the remaining warm, beautiful fall days with the vibrant leaves in an array of brilliant colors. She looked about the small yard, realizing there wasnt much of a garden area to grow herbs, but perhaps she could start small if they were still here next spring. As she sat there pondering, the captain came out and sat next to her on the garden bench, startling her.
Good day, Sarah. It certainly is a beautiful one, isnt it? he politely commented.
Yes, indeed, Captain, Sarah replied blushing and then added, I suppose it will be soon that you will be sailing again.
Unfortunately, there are still some complications with my vessel which may hinder me for a while longer, the captain remarked.
Oh, Sarah remarked, wondering how that would affect John. How much longer do you anticipate?
Currently, I have the building of my house in Middle Plantation to occupy me, he alleged. It is my hope to possibly allow others to captain my ships while I tend to other business for a while.
I see.
Are you enjoying Jamestown? he inquired.
Sarah sighed. It is definitely much more hospitable than Massachusetts without saying, and I am extremely grateful for your hospitality, but I do miss my family, not knowing their whereabouts or welfare.
Yes, I gather a new land would be very lonely for you, he concurred.
Do you think there is a possibility to send a letter to them? Sarah asked.
Most definitely. Why dont you give it to me, and I will inquire for you, the captain suggested.
Sarah smiled which melted the captains heart, attempting to compose himself from envisioning his beloved Amelia whenever he looked into Sarahs eyes. Thank you. I will be forever grateful.

John returned a week later from his fishing trip, although between the potent smell following a fishing trip and alcohol on his breath, the captain halted him at the door insisting that he returned to the wharfs to clean up. Rose was appalled, insisting he would have to remain in the stable area in Cuthrys quarters when he returned. Sarah was absolutely mortified at his overall appearance and demeanor, realizing that this would definitely affect both their marriage and living arrangement. Sarah remained in her room inconsolable, feeling ill both physically and emotionally.
But, you done need to eat somethin, Dee attempted to encourage her, knowing without being told that she again was with child.
I feel so abandoned and alone, Sarah cried softly. I feel like I have no one.
You got Peter, Dee reminded her, He done luv ya.
Sarah nodded. Im sorry. Its that Im again with child. Its just so much for me to handle right now.
Is understand, Dee acknowledged.
Here, would you give these letters to the captain to post for me? Sarah asked, suddenly remembering the captains promise.
Sure will, now you best rest, Dee suggested.
Sarah realized that she was overtired from all of the anxiety over the situation. Gratefully, after sleeping the night undisturbed, she was better able to handle the morning. Peter, who was now eating solid food seemed more satisfied and was sleeping throughout the night. Sarah couldnt help but to recognize how much he was looking like John with his blonde hair and brown eyes. Yes, she thought, you will be just like your father, a handsome and adventurous little rogue.
At noon, Dee came for Sarah with a message. John wants ta meet up with you down by the wharfs. Cuthry done take you when yous ready.
Sarahs eyes widened in anticipation as Dee assisted her and Peter, readying themselves. Yous done look like an angel, yous does.
Thank you, Sarah replied, grabbing her cloak and several blankets to meet Cuthry in the carriage. As he helped her in, the captain watched from his upstairs window, knowing that he had no choice in his decision.
Sarah waited at the wharfs as Cuthry fetched John from the tavern where he remained overnight. He joined her in the covered carriage cleaned up.
John, Sarah said softly, giving him a kiss as he admired Peter who had been lulled to sleep momentarily from the carriage ride.
Hes a mighty fine boy, Sarah, John expressed, admiring him.
Yes, he is, Sarah smiled. He certainly takes after you.
That, he does, he acknowledged.
John, theres something I need to tell you, Sarah began, I am with child again.
John groaned, and Sarah could tell he was not too pleased. Me not sure what to say, Sarah. Perhaps, this be bad timing, but me got a job to the West Indies. So, me decided best to take it.
How long this time? Sarah asked forlornly.
John shrugged, not wanting to predict. Captain says you be welcomed to stay.
Is it with his ship? Sarah asked.
Another, but his just the same, he continued.
When are you leaving? she asked.
Tomorrow, he replied.
Cant you stay at the McManus house overnight? Sarah asked hopefully.
Peter shook his head. Afraid me not invited there no more.
Sarah blinked, trying to hold back the tears, realizing that this was all the captains doing. Though Sarah deep down knew  that it was most likely at Roses request. After all, it was their house, and they certainly didnt want someone smelling like fish and intoxicated residing there. Peter woke up as John said a few words to him, and he responded with a smile.
He be a good baby, huh? John inquired.
Oh, yes, the very best, Sarah acknowledged.
Me shall miss the both of you. Me hopes to get our own place when thy return, John promised, but Sarah being attuned to him, knew he felt otherwise.
Sarah nodded tearfully. I shall miss you, John. Godspeed.
Fare thee well, my love, he responded with a quick kiss to both Peter and her as he hopped out of the carriage, disappearing with a wave into the tavern.

Chapter Fourteen 
The captain observed as Sarah returned in the carriage. He had no choice but to wait for its reappearance to journey back to Middle Plantation to overseer the building of his new house. He watched as Sarah tearfully exited it and disappeared into the house. Feeling despondent over his choice to send John on an extended voyage, he realized he had no other option. Rose had grown fond of Sarah and the baby, but wanted to have nothing to do with John, especially when her church friends observed him in a drunken state. He had overheard that Sarah was pregnant again, so he definitely didnt want to jeopardize her well-being. So, he assigned John to a long and dangerous voyage to the West Indies.
The captain sighed, realizing how much John reminded him of himself in his younger years, although he was now almost twice his age. He too was consumed with adventure and drink at the expense of his life at home. Though, it all hit cruelly when he returned to discover his beloved fiance had succumbed to the fever. He wished Sarah didnt remind him of her since it brought back remorseful memories, believing an intervention on his part could have prevented it somehow. After that, he took to sea, drowning out his many sorrows. Yes, he definitely had numerous paramours who often accompanied him, but he refused to settle down for a long term commitment, not wanting to re-experience the guilt all over again, shielding himself from any emotional commitment or possible loss.
Sighing, he took his blueprints and hurried off to the waiting carriage. Sarah, in the meantime, remained in her room as Dee cared for the baby, totally inconsolable. She stayed there until the next day, when Rose requested her presence. She too knew the misery of loss, having bereaved two husbands and two children in their infancy. Though, in her wisdom, she knew that busyness helped to overcome the grief.
Sarah, Rose began. I have a request of you. My eyesight seems to be failing me, and I am unable to read my Bible. Would you please accommodate me with this?
Most certainly, Sara agreed as they spent an hour daily, thereafter, together.
I, too, would like your input as to the holidays. Christmas will soon be here, and I need suggestions about decorating for it this year. I would like to have greenery for the lovely pine scents it provides, Rose continued. But, I would appreciate your ideas since I am not creative at all.
Sarah, who had a natural artistic talent was glad to oblige Rose with this request, gathering accessories and with the help of Bridget, making ornaments. As a matter of fact, she and Bridget had formed a bond in their loneliness, although for different reasons.
I have yet to meet the right man, Bridget bemoaned. I am always busy here as a seamstress.
Perhaps, we need to introduce you to some eligible bachelors, Sarah suggested.
Yes, but Im not really part of the social scene exactly, Bridget claimed. Of course, there are the sailors, but they are not ones to settle down. Then Bridget added, Oh, Im sorry.
You are wise not to become involved with them. They are a rowdy bunch for the most part, Sarah concurred. 
Ive always wanted to visit Middle Plantation. Perhaps, even open a millinery shop there someday, Bridget added.
When spring comes again, I shall ask the captain perhaps to visit there. That is if Im able, Sarah added, touching her midline.
Looks as though I will have to let your dresses out some more, Bridget observed.
Yes, I am ever growing, Sarah admitted with a sigh.
Sarah returned home with a satchel of accessories and instructions on how to make the decorations. Between Peter, who was now getting around into everything, reading to Rose and her Christmas projects, time passed quickly. It had been almost four weeks since she saw John, although her tasks kept her occupied. 
In the meantime, the captain spent his time between Middle Plantation and Jamestown, often remaining with friends when away. It was rumored that he was interested in one of the plantation owners daughters who had family in the area. Sarah, for the most part, avoided him, still knowing he was responsible for Johns long deployment to sea. Though, she couldnt blame him since she knew John could have chosen other options, but hadnt. She also couldnt help but to feel there was more, an unsettling feeling whenever she was around the captain. She couldnt pinpoint the reason, only knowing that it made her feel extremely uncomfortable. But despite everything, she had little choice, but to be grateful for her current circumstances.
Unlike the previous year, Christmas promised to be a festive season between church, entertainment and decorations. Sarah would sit with Bridget, her mother and Rose in church, not always agreeing with the sermon, emphasizing sin and hell, but to a much lesser extent than in Salem. It was their social outlet and Rose would assist in introducing Bridget to her friends and the captains associates when they greeted her. Sarah recognized that the captain never attended, always using the excuse that he had other commitments, but that was definitely fine with Sarah, although he often showed up for Sunday dinner.
Thank you for introducing Bridget to eligible bachelors, Sarah expressed on the way home.
She is indeed a lovely girl; however, she unfortunately didnt inherit her mothers fine appearance, Rose concluded. Though, she would make someone a splendid wife indeed.
Sarah came to realize that fine looks certainly hadnt made a difference in her life; it was probably more of a hindrance at the moment, causing all kinds of problems between England and here. When they returned home, both the captain and dinner were waiting for them. 
He came out to assist Sarah and Rose out of the carriage. Sarah trembled slightly from the touch of his hand as her eyes met his and she blushed. Thank you, Captain, she managed to whisper.
Sarah went right to Peter who toddled up to greet her as she lifted him up with a big hug.
Let me take em, so yous can done have your dinner, Dee suggested.
Always hungry, Sarah agreed since she could smell the ham wafting throughout the house. It was a quiet and intimate meal amongst the three of them as Rose questioned the progress of the new house.
I am hoping to build it by stages; first to make it functional to reside in if necessary and then to elaborate thereafter, the captain disclosed. There will even be an attached watershed.
Both Rose and Sarahs eyes widened in anticipation.
Yes, it shall be extremely progressive similar to what Ive observed in other parts of the world while traveling, he continued.
Will you be in need of draperies soon? I have been informed that Bridget and her mother would be interested in servicing you, Sarah interjected.
I will keep that in mind more towards spring, the captain promised. Im just hoping for the ongoing milder winter, so we can continue making progress.
Sarah reflected on how last years winter had been brutal, definitely glad for the reprieve this year. It made for the gathering of pine boughs outside much more easier. Sarah decorated them with lace, ribbon, homemade ornaments, pinecones and berries and then put a candle in the middle after setting them on the fireplace mantles and window sills. Bridget even visited to make the final perfect touches to the dcor and assisted Sarah with knitting warm scarves for everyone. Wreaths were hung, the aroma of cookies and pies were ever present, and there was a constant flow of guests who were mesmerized by the festive decorations. In addition, Peter was a delightful addition with his happy smiles and charming personality.
On Christmas, even Rose persuaded the captain to attend church with her daughter, Cecily, Joseph and their two children. Sarah noticed that wherever the captain went eyes would follow him, being the most eligible bachelor in Jamestown. She had to admit, he was extremely debonair. Christmas dinner was lively and well attended between the extended family, enjoying the traditions of roasted duck, yams, greens, spoon bread and a variety of pies from which to choose from. Afterwards, they all moved to the sitting room amidst the aromas of pine scent and the burning yule log to share gifts with one another. Sarah remained awestruck, especially by the amount of gifts that were given to the baby which included various clothes and wooden blocks and toys. Even the captain gave him a silver rattle on a ribbon while Rose presented him with a delicate christening outfit.
Its time for Peter to be christened, Rose smiled while patting Sarah on her knee, but well talk later.
Even more exorbitant gifts were exchanged to include a three story dollhouse and a variety of games for Mary and Alexander. After they left for the evening, a few gifts remained including the fancy scarves that Sarah made for everyone and a large decorative package which Sarah carefully unwrapped. Opening it up were bolts of a variety of different types of fabrics.
Those are for some new dresses from the captain and me, Rose expressed. It is about time you had something fashionable. I know Bridget will be glad to make them for you.
Thank you, Sarah exclaimed, fingering the fabric. Its all so beautiful. You are too good to me.
All mothers need something special, Rose concluded with a smile.
Sarah couldnt believe the extravagance of her gifts and the generosity of the captain and his mother. It was overwhelming that with all she had endured that there were actually some wonderful people in this world. For that, she was grateful.

As the New Year arrived, so did a bout of snow and cold. But that didnt keep Bridget from spending much time with Sarah fitting and fussing over the fitting of her several new dresses. When she was finished, Sarah knew she would only wear them on special occasions such as church. Otherwise, she continued to wear her serviceable dresses as she called them.
Though as the following months passed, Sarah remained anxious for Johns return. She still had the hope he would reconsider after this trip and seek local work. Though, even if he did not, she was anxious for his well-being. Finally, unable to endure it any longer, she hesitantly approached the captain about it. Although he reassured her it was a prolonged venture, inwardly he had his concerns also, having heard nothing about the ship. Yet, he realized the fickleness of the sea and weather and was confident with the experienced crew aboard that they remained safe. Thus, there was nothing else to do, but to wait.
Sarah had hoped that John would return for the babys christening, but Rose persistently encouraged her to have it done.
I want to see my favorite baby boy christened before I die, Rose stated, and Sarah didnt know how to argue with that.  Up to the very last day, she had hoped that John would magically appear, though unlike her rescue in Salem, it was not to be. So, in a private ceremony, Peter was christened and blessed by the pastor in a small, but meaningful ceremony which was attended by the immediate family and several church members including Bridget and Mildred. Rose persuaded her to name the captain as the Godfather and Cecily, as Godmother, knowing in the event of an unforeseen circumstance, little Peter would be adequately provided for. Afterwards, they celebrated with an informal Sunday dinner at the clapboard house. Though to Sarah, it was all rather mundane. She wouldnt admit it after her Salem experience, but she had more faith in her abilities than the church. Yet, she knew it was important to be compliant and obliging; not biting the hand that fed her and the baby.

Chapter Fifteen
Spring came early that year, although Sarah was extremely worried as each day passed. She could also read through the Captain that he was concerned; however, he never expressed it verbally. With the warmer weather, Sarah would take Peter with Dee out in his pram and sat on a bench that overlooked the harbor. She would spend much time just waiting there, observing the ships coming and going while Peter played around her. One day, she spied a ship that resembled the Seahawk and walked closer for a better view. There was much bustling activities on the wharf when a woman exited from the tavern, a bit tipsy on the arm of a sailor and stopped in her tracks to stare between her and Peter.
Is that there your boy? she insisted annoyed.
Yes, of course, Sarah answered.
Whos the father? she demanded.
Why do you wish to know? Sarah asked, protectively hovering near Peter.
You Captain McManus whore now? she persisted.
Of course not. Why would you ask that? Sarah questioned in shock.
Cause youre wearing my gown, and theres only one place you couldve gotten it from, she accused her.
Captain McManus did give it to me since I am a companion to his mother, Rose, Sarah countered and then added. I am married to a sailor of his.
Like Im goin believe that, she snorted as her escort pulled her away.
Sarah just stared shell-shocked at Dee. I cant believe what I am hearing.
We best git out of here. Its gitting downright rowdy, Dee suggested nervously.
Upon her return, Sarah tore off the gown, handing it to Dee. I never want to see it again, she announced, not knowing if  others witnessed her wearing the gown or the several more given to her while on his ship. All of a sudden she felt violated, especially when it resulted in a confrontation. She wondered how many people either recognized it or thought the same.
After that, she could hardly look Captain McManus in the eye and avoided him at all cost. But, it was not for long as Rose desired that she accompany her on an excursion to Middle Plantation one beautiful spring day.
I am feeling well today, and I wish to see the progress of the new house, Rose insisted as Cuthry accompanied them in the carriage to meet the captain there.
Despite the scenic route which delighted the senses with the fragrance of spring from the budding dogwoods and flowers, it was taxing on both Sarah and Rose. Sarah would have been glad to decline except for Roses persistence.
You still have another month to go, Rose reassured her. Anyway, I think you need to get out more to enjoy the lovely day.
 Sarah was overwhelmed by the immensity of the house which appeared more of a mansion to her. The captain greeted them and invited them in for a tour.
It is all framed-in, but may I warn you that only the first floor is completed. It is totally functional; however, the second floor has yet to be finished, he conveyed.
Captain took his mothers arm gently as he escorted her throughout the first floor.
Your boudoir will be on the first floor, the captain remarked as they wandered about, ending with the sitting room. The kitchen is separate in the back of the house.
Sarah noticed that Rose appeared weary, asking to rest as the captain escorted her into the dining room.
Ill have a meal served while you rest, he suggested as he excused himself.
I wanted to see the place before I die, Rose announced as Sarah attempted to refute that possibility in the immediate future. Though, it exceeds my expectations, I must admit.
That it does, Sarah agreed as a plate of meats, fruit and bread was served which she hungrily consumed.
Just as they were finishing up, a carriage halted in front of the house and a sophisticated, comely young woman exited, accompanied by her servant.
David, she began as the captain opened the front door for her, I saw your carriage and realized that you would be here. I am so grateful to finally connect with you again.
Alice, it is my pleasure to see you. I would like to introduce my mother Rose, and her companion, Sarah, who are visiting the house for the first time, David introduced casually. 
After the introductions, Rose invited her to sit down for tea with them.
I wish that I was able, Alice replied charmingly, however, I need to pass a message to David concerning the upcoming meeting about the college construction from my father. She then turned towards the captain. It is scheduled for this evening at our home.
Yes, of course, thank you, the captain responded politely. Please inform your father I expect to attend.
Very well. I must go and prepare, but I shall look forward to seeing you this evening then. It was my pleasure to meet you, she smiled slightly at Rose before departing.
Sarah could tell that the captain was somewhat annoyed by the intrusion, but he handled it graciously. On the other hand, Alice, most definitely had an ulterior motive which was to snare the very handsome captain, both Sarah and Rose observed with amusement.
Anything of importance that I should know about? Rose inquired with a twinkle in her eye.
The captain smiled and refuted, No mother, just a meeting for the supporters who  are encouraging the construction of the College of William and Mary here.
King William and Queen Mary, Rose repeated. That definitely has a nice ring to it, dont you think?
Most definitely, Sarah concurred.
After several farewells with a promise by the captain to return home for Sunday dinner, Sarah and Rose entered the carriage for their journey home to Jamestown. But first, Cuthry did a quick tour of the growing town under construction. Amidst the erection of the college building, a couple of taverns, a few homes and shops bordered the main street.
This definitely seems to be the cultural town of the future; much more sophisticated than the wharfs and swamps of Jamestown, Rose announced.
I assume that you like it, Sarah questioned.
Very much, but Im not impressed with Alice. She  a childless widow in her middle thirties, whom I doubt would ever give me a grandchild. Though, she seems to be a conniver if I ever saw one, she recognized.
Why do you say that? Sarah asked.
There have been many women who would love to snare my David in marriage, Rose reported.
But none has so far, Sarah interjected.
One did have his heart at one time, but she died from the fever while he was on a voyage. He always regretted leaving her, never having the opportunity to marry her, Rose reported. She was a lovely girl with blonde hair and blue eyes, similar to you, but they both were very young at the time.
Sarah gasped at the comparison, suddenly understanding the longing look the captain had when he gazed at her. Now she knew why.

The next day at Sunday dinner, Rose asked her son about the dinner meeting the night before.
Well worth it. There is much talk about the college construction and perhaps changing the name of Middle Plantation to Williamsburg, the captain disclosed.
That certainly sounds more culturally sophisticated, Rose agreed.
I thought so also, the captain concurred. But, it hasnt yet been decided.
What about Alice? Rose inquired bluntly.
What about her? the captain maintained, indignant and somewhat embarrassed.
A possibility, perhaps, Rose suggested, attempting to surmise the depth of their relationship.
Just merely an acquaintance and colleague, the captain reassured her, realizing her disappointment with his continuing bachelorhood status. Though, I have heard word about the Seahawk. It has been said that there was contact with the ship, the Whaler, while in the Indies. Since it has recently harbored, the Seahawk should be headed back home.
Sarahs eyes widened. Truly? she asked, having given up hope. 
It was only a sighting, but at least we know it made it there. But, it shouldnt be far behind the ship that just docked, the captain conveyed as he watched Sarahs beautiful blue eyes dance with delight. Though, he just hoped she wouldnt be hurt since he realized how the sea changed boys into hardened men, and it often wasnt for the better.

Sarah dared not wander too close to the docks in fear of being accosted again, so she viewed the activity from the hillside. Finally, she spied a vessel approaching with the name of Seahawk, and she knew it had returned. She excitedly hurried home in preparation of Johns homecoming and waited. Though, by the next morning when he hadnt arrived at the clapboard, she and Dee strolled with the pram down to the docks, where they were unloading the vessel. Uncomfortable in this setting, she finally asked a seaman of Johns whereabouts who nodded over towards the tavern. Sarah wasnt sure exactly what to do and waited by the docks for a while longer until Peter became fussy.
Finally, unable to wait any longer, she left Peter with Dee and approached the tavern further inquiring about John. Suddenly, the boisterous room became quiet as the men stared at this very pregnant woman, denying any knowledge concerning his whereabouts and returned to their rowdy conversations. Sarah could feel his presence, but was unable to see anything in the smoke-filled room. After overhearing a few crude remarks, she turned to encounter him with another woman in a corner booth. Sarah just stared as John blurrily gazed at her in an alcoholic stupor as the woman smiled smugly. Feeling suddenly woozy, Sarah attempted to make her way into the fresh air over to Dee as she steadied her.
The captain, who was discussing the cargo with a seaman, happened to notice the scenario, and quickly wandered over as Dee supported Sarah who was on the verge of a collapse. Realizing what had occurred, he easily scooped her up as he carried her over to a bench and instructed Dee to quickly fetch Cuthry with the carriage. Finally, another woman approached to comfort Peter who began to fuss at his mothers distress, both now totally inconsolable. 
The captain was extremely relieved when Cuthry arrived as the captain assisted Sarah onto the carriage. Dee hurriedly followed with the pram up the hill as Cuthry pulled up in front of the house and assisted the captain with carrying her upstairs to her room.
What in Lordys sake happened? Fortune questioned.
She collapsed, he answered. Stay with her. We need to fetch the doctor.

The captain was angry, having observed the scenario, knowing the total shock she experienced of waiting for months just to discover the man John had become. He knew she was bound to find out, but he regretted that it had to happen like this while in her condition. It was like reliving all over again the shock when he found out about his beloved fiance dying, knowing how unbearable it would be to lose either Sarah or the baby, often envisioning them as one and the same.
While the captain retrieved the doctor, Rose obtained the information from Dee. Rose just shook her head in empathy, but unable to climb the stairs, she waited below as they both entertained Peter who was now looking for his mother. An hour later the doctor arrived having been informed about Sarahs status of just lying there emotionally unresponsive.
He finally went downstairs to the sitting room and reported. Shes not in active labor. Im afraid shes just had a bad shock. Bed rest is all she needs for now. Its important to maintain the pregnancy as long as possible. Call me if there are any changes.
The captain was relieved, but needed to have a few words yet with John about the situation. Though John, having sobered up fast when he realized what occurred, was nowhere to be found when the captain went in search of him.

Chapter Sixteen
It had been a long journey and the sailors looked forward to docking where they could relax and unwind. They worked hard and then they played hard thereafter. They established a camaraderie at sea, and John as one of the youngest was extremely vulnerable and anxious to fit in with the older sailors who were more than willing to show him the ropes. Though, John couldnt handle the drink like the others being of a smaller stature. It was customary to unwind in the tavern with drink and women, and John was no different. So, when this very pregnant woman entered the tavern searching for him they automatically went into a protective mode. Although, when it was reported what had occurred outside of the tavern involving the ships owner, the seaman realized that it was best for John to get away for a while. So, they tossed him out of sight on a fishing boat to sober up. John, not aware where he was, managed to crawl into a hole away from the penetrating sun as he slept off his stupor. By the time he woke up, he realized that he was out to sea again. 
Sarah, who had waited months for Johns return was unable to process the scenario. Even after her collapse she still waited for him, but to no avail. Both emotionally and physically under duress, she remained inconsolable, feeling she was abandoned in this new land. Day turned into the next day, and the spring storms made for a wet and miserable week. But, Sarah had no choice but to go forward taking one day at a time since Peter needed her.
The captain was frustrated because he was unable to locate John, and nobody would admit to his disappearance. Though, he had other issues anyway when one of his fishing vessels failed to return from its fishing expedition, and the wet conditions halted progress with the house. In addition, there had been several new cases of the fever resurfacing which put everyone on edge again.
Dinner was often quiet, except when there were guests at the table. More than often Sarah chose to eat elsewhere, except when there was only Rose and herself.
The house is becoming almost habitable, Rose announced. According to David, the artisan has completed the beds, so I anticipate being able to move in soon. It wont be too soon with more cases of the fever surfacing around the swamp areas. It will be a relief to be on higher ground away from it.
Sarah just smiled in response, not knowing how this all affected her. After all, she knew she had been more of a burden than assistance to the family and was beginning to regret the intrusion. Though, nothing was said about her future, and she didnt dare to ask.
Unable to ambulate far, Bridget would come to visit Sarah, aware of her situation as was the entire town. It looks as though Ill be able to take in your dresses in a couple of weeks. Are there any I can begin with? Bridget asked as Sara gave her a couple she had already outgrown in girth. It has been a busy time with the ships arrival and new bolts of cloth arriving from the West Indies. All of the ladies are clamoring for new summer dresses in the lighter linens.
Yes, thank you for taking the time to visit with me, Sarah replied politely.
Little Peter is getting so big and looking just like his father, Bridget rambled on and then backtracked, realizing it was a sensitive subject. Oh, Im sorry.
Sarah sighed and then responded, Its all right. Yes, he does.
You are in our prayers every day, Bridget reassured her.
Thank you, Sarah murmured as Bridget realized that it was better to depart.
Ill have these finished in about a week, Bridget promised.
Theres no hurry. Thank you for coming, Sarah commented.
Youre welcome, Bridget replied.

The captain downstairs drew his mother aside. We have an issue I dont know how to address, he admitted.
Rose knew that it must involve Sarah since he never asked for her advice on business matters. What might that be? Rose inquired.
After much investigation concerning the whereabouts of John, the woman he was last seen with finally confessed what happened after being bribed that is, the captain revealed. From what I understand the other seaman, aware of the predicament, tossed him on a fishing vessel to sober up. I dont know all the details, but it is the one missing at sea after the storms.
Oh my. That rather complicates matters, Rose acknowledged. Though, it might be better for her to be free of him in the long run. There is no stable future there.
Actually, I was the one who married them on board, although the paperwork was never recorded. So, the legalities of their marriage remain uncertain because of it, the captain confessed.
It makes no difference since marriage is more than legalities, Rose acknowledged. Its a state of mind and commitment.
Of which there is neither from his end, the captain insisted.
We must not further upset her until after the baby, Rose claimed.
I shall continue the search then, the captain conveyed and then added, The house is ready to be habited. It probably would be wise to move as soon as possible with the increase of the fever here.
Yes, as soon as the baby is born, Rose agreed, realizing that could be any day now. Prepare it and we shall join you as soon as possible.

It was during Sunday dinner that Sarah doubled over in pain, knowing her time had come. The captain went for the doctor who reappeared with a mid-wife named Molly and remained by her side. The captain didnt know why, but he continued to pace downstairs in concern.
Finally, Rose scolded him, Youre acting like a worried husband. Be off with you. This will take some time yet.
The captain headed down to the wharfs, still anxious while patrolling his docked ships, mystified by his own anxieties. Then, he came to realize he was again envisioning Sarah as his beloved, confusing the two. He wouldnt admit it outwardly, but he knew his affections for Sarah had intensified more than he was willing to acknowledge. It baffled him as he attempted to concentrate on an incoming fishing boat. Straining to read the name, he was disappointed that it was not the Whaler, but instead waited to visit with the captain. Finally, after it docked, the crew of the vessel exited, nodding to the captain as they were unloading their catch. The captain spied some familiar wreckage as he approached Captain Cameron.
Come in, he welcomed, offering him some brandy.
How was your voyage? the captain asked him.
Profitable and informative, Captain Cameron disclosed. As you may have noticed, we found some debris off the coast from a fishing vessel.
Captain McManus realized that this was the proof that was needed to realize the fate of his boat. What was found?
Ill have the crew put it aside for you to examine, Captain Cameron promised.
Any other information? he asked.
None whatsoever, Captain Cameron reported, pouring another shot of brandy for the both of them.
The captain examined the debris identifying it as his boat, mourning the loss of the six crew aboard in addition to John. He decided to send another vessel out along the coast of the area to further investigate where the debris was found. Arranging for that, he despondently headed home not knowing how he would convey this information to Sarah. But, as he entered the house, he could hear a lusty cry and sighed in relief.
Its a girl, Rose announced, and from what I hear, it looks exactly like Sarah.
Perfect, he thought, believing there couldnt ever be enough Sarahs in the world.
Hows the mother? he asked.
Doing well, but youre looking troubled, Rose observed.
An incoming fishing boat found debris from the Whaler, and Im sending out another vessel to explore along the coast, the captain conveyed quietly.
Rose just sighed, knowingly and agreeing, We wont say anything to anybody for now.
Yes, but Im sure word will be out soon enough, the captain alleged as Rose nodded with understanding.
Though, Sarah was preoccupied with the new baby who voraciously nursed from her breast. Both the doctor and Molly, who helped to deliver her, agreed that both the mother and baby were in fine condition in which everyone could be thankful. So, Sarah, distracted by the demands of her children, hadnt tuned into Johns situation lately and remained fortunately oblivious to the circumstances.
Grace, with her bright blue eyes and fuzzy blonde hair became the center of attention in the household as her jealous brother looked on. Thus, Sarah became extremely busy in her attempt to pacify the both of them even with the household help. During this time, more debris was found by the investigating vessel, and it was determined that the Whaler had officially been lost at sea along with all of the crew. Although Sarah hadnt been out in the community, the captain knew she had to be informed, so he called in the minister for support.
Sarah was summoned into the sitting room as they gently broke the news to her. But, he wasnt part of the crew, Sarah retorted in denial.
Then the captain had to convey how he came to be part of the crew on the boat.
Then it is all my fault. If I hadnt found him in the tavern, the seaman wouldnt have tried to hide him, Sarah wept as Dee took the baby from her and the captain handed her a hankie.
The captain didnt want to disparage her memories of him, so he remained quiet, although Rose attempted to console her as much as she was able.
The minister repeated a couple of scriptures and a prayer, inviting her to attend a service to be offered for the crew members. But, Sarah remained in denial, indicating that he may be still alive somewhere alone, despite the massive search.
She remains in denial, the minister alleged to the captain on his way out. She needs time to comprehend all this.
We are planning to move to my house in Middle Plantation as soon as possible, the captain conveyed.
It will be best just to get away from this environment for her. It will be a constant reminder of her loss, the minister suggested.
I will approach her about it, the captain promised.
Very well. Ill see you at the service then, the minister remarked.
But, Sarah remained in denial, refusing to attend the service since she still believed that John was alive with the captain and Rose making excuses for her, blaming a residual health issue for her absence. She also pleaded to remain at the clapboard, wanting to be close to the wharfs in the event he should reappear and come looking for her.
We cant endanger the children with the fever being so prevalent around here. You must reason with her, the captain insisted of Rose.
We need something tangible that can be used as proof of his demise, Rose stated, beginning to believe that perhaps Sarah should remain, except for the concern for her children in this environment.
The captain finally approached his crew, who was with John the day of the occurrence and asked them to identify anything of his from the debris. Finally, with a little coaxing and bribe, Lyla produced a chain necklace John had left with her in return as payment for her services.
Although, it wasnt found in the debris, it can be used as such, Lyla indicated.
Desperate, the captain took it and when confronted as evidence, albeit false, of Johns demise, Sarah was able to begin the grieving process, although she continued to refuse to wear black in mourning. Not being able to emotionally deal with this any longer, the captain set off for the Middle Plantation house, taking Rose with him while leaving Dee, the children and Sarah behind at the clapboard.

Chapter Seventeen
Sara remained at the clapboard with Dee and her children still waiting day after day for John to magically appear. She visited Bridget often for her dresses to be refitted which was her only social outlet, still refusing to wear the mourning color of black. Most every day, she would walk towards the dock, sitting on the hill overlooking the harbor as their daily outing. The captain would stop by the clapboard when he was in town on business, yet Sarah was contented with her existence even though it was one of just waiting.
However, one day as she took a break from her children to visit with Bridget for a fitting, she felt as if she was being observed. She knew she had been careless with venturing out alone, but she had need of a reprieve. It was the only time she and Bridget could visit without so many distractions. Anyway, it was a delightful visit, especially when Bridget shared the fact that she was now officially courting the son of a furniture maker named Thomas who was apprenticing with his father. This gave Sarah the opportunity to vicariously reminisce about her past love.
How did you meet him? Sarah asked.
They came in for a fitting for linen shirts. Bridget conveyed smiling with the glowing appearance of one totally infatuated. But, after I finished them, Thomas came back for me to make him a coonskin hat. That is when he asked my mother if he could court me.
And, of course, your mother approved of him? Sarah asked.
Yes, but first she invited him to supper to better come to know him, Bridget indicated. She was totally smitten by him as well as me.
Well, I am very happy for you, Sarah expressed.
Though, I believe he will be apprenticing in Middle Plantation for now, but thats not too far away. With all of the new houses being built, that is where the craftsmen are most needed, Bridget mentioned and then asked, Are you planning to move there soon?
The upstairs of the house still needs to be completed, but Im in no hurry to leave, Sarah explained.
Youre contented to still wait, Bridget empathized.
I feel Im less of an intrusion here, though I should be earning my keep in some way, but I dont know exactly how, Sarah alleged.
Perhaps, you would like to become a seamstress, Bridget suggested.
Actually, I have knowledge of making healing herbs into palatable teas, Sarah admitted. Though with the fever, I dare not forage for them. So, I seek to grow them.
Or perhaps, the captain can procure some from the West Indies or South America, Bridget suggested.
I dare not trust the purity unless I grow or forage for them myself, although I realize some are only able to be grown in other continents, Sarah conveyed. But, it is only a dream of mine.
It will be worth it if it is a cure for the fever. There have been several new cases, Bridget reported.
So, I have heard. In England, they used quinine obtained from the cinchona bark made into a tea which was used in treatment of it and other illnesses. Though it has mostly been those working the tobacco or rice fields who have succumbed to it, Sarah revealed. We are careful to avoid the lowlands.
Perhaps, you should consider Middle Plantation. From what I hear, it is safer there, being in the highlands, Bridget suggested.
Yes, when the time is right, Sarah responded, sighing. Im not ready to leave just now.
I understand, Bridget sympathized. Here is your dress all packaged and ready to go. The other should be finished soon.

Sarah bid good-bye as she carried her altered dress towards home. It was late afternoon as the foreboding vibes continued to occur. Glancing towards the harbor she noticed a new ship had docked named the English Rose and realized it was one she hadnt seen before. Strange, she thought as she became distracted by her breast engorging with the need to nurse baby Grace. Distracted, she caught a movement from behind her as she felt a sharp object in her back, suddenly dropping her packaged dress.
Hello, Sarah, the voice stated in a familiar English accent. You need to walk with me to the docks straight away if you wish to live, that is.
Sarah gasped as she recognized the voice as Sir George. But with a pistol placed discreetly in her back, she was unable to enshroud herself, nor laser him because he remained behind her. So, she walked as commanded, onto the dock and up the ramp of the English Rose.
Welcome to my ship, Sarah, Sir George conveyed with sarcasm as he guided her into the captains quarters, tightly securing her hands behind her. Knowing her abilities would still be rendered useless in this position, she hesitantly stared into his eyes.
It took a while, but I knew I would make your acquaintance once again. Youre a wanted woman in England, and there is a reward out for you. Where there is money, there are those willing to talk, he conveyed.
Why am I wanted? she asked trembling.
Stealing money and a horse from a Duke while assaulting him in the process. I do believe theres a place called jail for the likes of you, he continued and then lifted her chin up to look into her eyes. Though, I may take other favors from you in exchange.
Your wife, Lady Alena, provided me with coinage for passage to America, Sarah mumbled. 
Lady Alena, Im afraid, will not be of any assistance to your cause. Unfortunately, she had an accident, resulting in her death, Sir George grinned with malevolence. So, I have purchased a ship to see the world and escape the stuffy manor, and guess who Ive found?
I just had a baby who needs me for sustenance, Sarah pleaded.
Ahh yes. You ran off with that young peasant of a boy, didnt you? he commented thoughtfully. Well no matter, he is wanted also.
Hes missing at sea, Sarah whispered.
Too bad for your misfortunes. I am needed at the docks momentarily, though Ill be back as soon as possible and then perhaps we can make up for lost time, he suggested ruefully bending down to plant a whiskey-flavored kiss on her lips as Sarah recoiled in disgust.
Then he gagged her into silence before he carefully locked the door behind him as Sarah struggled with the ropes securing her to the chair. She realized her powers were useless unless she could separate herself from them.
In the interim, Dee was becoming frantic, especially as little Grace began to howl in hunger for her mother. Not knowing what to do, she put both children in the pram and headed down to the millinery in search of her. Mildred was in the process of closing up, while Thomas was visiting with Bridget when Dee desperately pounded on their door.
Mam, Mam, Dee hollered, Does you know where the mizzes is?
Why no, she left an hour ago for home, Mildred replied, picking up little Grace whose hungry screams could be heard lustily as Bridget joined them.
What is it? Bridget asked with concern.
The mizzes is gone, I tell you. I done found this here package on the way here. Shes gone, Dee cried out desperately.
Thats her dress I just altered, Bridget mumbled. Something happened, I just know it.
Mildred attempted to comfort baby Grace, but to no avail. We must inform Captain McManus about this. Thomas, you need to seek him out by asking his whereabouts down by ships. Bridget, you inform the minister. He can round up parishioners to help with the search. Im going to take the baby to Tillies for nourishment. She just had a baby and will help. Dee, you come with me. Go, now the both of you. Quick! Mildred commanded as she hurried off with the children.

In the meantime, Sarah struggled, but was unable to escape the secured bondage. She feared Sir Georges intentions, but could only hope to be found. Though, she knew she couldnt give up. Her children needed her as she desperately sought an escape.
Thomas was uncertain what the captain looked like, but diligently sought to find him down by his ships. Finally, a first mate was approached who asked him the reason.
What might you need him for? he asked suspiciously.
Sarah be missing, and we need his help finding her, he answered.
Johns wife? he questioned having sailed with him.
Me know not, but was sent by Mildred in millinery to seek him out to help, he conveyed.  
Me can rally the other sailors to look, though it be getting dark soon, the sailor indicated. The captain left for Middle Plantation earlier.
Me can seek him out there then, Thomas commented. Fare thee well.
Thomas stopped by to update Mildred with his intentions before heading off towards Middle Plantation. Bridget, through the minister, gathered several townsmen to search for Sarah. Sir George was completing final business transactions as his crew continued to load the tobacco onto his ship with the goal to leave mid-morning the following day while Sarah continued to struggle with her bindings in the enveloping darkness.
Sarah had much time to regret her recklessness, concerned and yearning for her baby as wild thoughts of never seeing her children again ravaged her mind. This motivated her to become more creative in her thinking with possibilities of escaping. Managing to loosen her gag, she was able to breathe more easily and focus better. In the shadows, she made out the shape of a decorative sword hanging on the wall. Using her laser abilities, it dislodged and fell to the floor. By the light of the moon, she wiggled her chair towards it using her feet to right it against the bed. Tediously, she attempted to saw the ropes loose, but not without nicking herself in the process. Finally freed, she grabbed a hanky and tied it around her wrist to stem the bleeding as she attempted to exit. Though, she remembered she was locked in, so using her laser powers once again she disintegrated the lock. Enshrouding herself, she carefully groped her way outside of the cabin, listening for any voices. Her only hope was that the men were patronizing the local taverns, though she was aware there would be some left behind to guard the ships and its cargo. Inching along, she suddenly heard two men in a heated discussion; one being Sir George. Knowing he was distracted, she hid behind a pylon on deck waiting for the men to move so she could safely access the ramp.
In the meantime, Thomas rode madly towards the captains house in Middle Plantation. Finally arriving, he pounded on the door as Fortune answered.
What is all yor noise about this time of de night? she insisted as the captain approached to investigate.
Meve been sent by Mildred in millinery to inform the captain that Sarah be missing, he reported. Theys looking for her as we speak.
The captain momentarily stared at him, before ordering Cuthry to ready the carriage and his horse.
Follow me with the carriage, he ordered Cuthry.
But David, shouldnt you wait until morning? Alice, with whom he had invited over dinner to discuss business, suggested.
Theres no time to waste, he stated.
But, its dark outside and hazardous, she countered.
Fortune, please see Alice and her father to their carriage. Good evening, the captain retorted as he hastily made his departure with Cuthry towards Jamestown.
Using hanging lanterns and by the moonlight, they finally arrived by the middle of the night at the clapboard. Only Dee was there to let them in.
Whats happened? the captain demanded.
While the babies was napping, Sarah done gone down to the millinery to be fitted for the dress. But, she never came back. I found this here dress when I gone to look for her, Dee explained. Everyones been looking for her since.
Wheres the children? the captain asked.
With Tillie to wet nurse, Dee replied.
The captained turned to Cuthry. Come, lets head down to the docks to look around. His heart was in his throat realizing the danger Sarah could be in. He couldnt bear losing her similar to his first and only love in life.

Chapter Eighteen
Sarah remained hidden, waiting for the two men to depart, though her wrist continued to bleed. Finally, the only thing she knew to do was to laser it to assist with the clotting. As soon as she did it she knew it was a mistake because of the burst of light it produced, distracting the two men to investigate it.
What the bloody hell was that? the first mate questioned.
Someone smoking aboard? Sir George roared. Itll burn my ship, it will. Go, find whoever it is.
Sarahs eyes widened with fear as the first mate approached her hiding position as she crouched, hardly breathing. Suddenly, she felt a strong arm around her, pulling her out as she screamed.
What the bloody hell, the first mate swore as she bit him. He momentarily retracted as Sarah hit him full force with a laser, causing him to lose his balance, falling backwards overboard.
Sarah enshrouded herself as she looked up to see a gun pointed directly at her.
Put your hands on your head and turn around, Sir George commanded.
Sarah was uncertain as to her ability of her protection to deflect a bullet as she slowly followed his command. As she turned, she caught a glimpse of a figure observing this from the shadows. She suddenly heard a familiar voice demanding Sir George to put his gun down. Once again reinforcing her protective shroud, Sir George went to grab her as the shield deterred him. Frustrated, the gun suddenly went off as Sarah was thrown forward from the blast, simultaneously feeling a force being blown backwards. In shock, she laid there unable to move and although the bullet didnt penetrate, it left a huge bruised burn on her back, causing her to black out momentarily from the pain.
 Captain McManus quickly entered the ship with Cuthry and another sailor, first checking Sir George and then confiscating his gun, realizing that he was dead. Then, he went to Sarah, turning her over as she moaned incoherently. Picking her up, he carried her to the waiting carriage as he ordered Cuthry to fetch the doctor and meet him at the clapboard. With the help of a sailor, he brought Sarah back to the house, shocking Dee as he carried her up the stairs.
 Yous found her. Yous found her. Is she all right? she asked repeatedly.
Come up here and help to remove her dress. We need to stem the bleeding, the captain directed her as he tenderly laid her down on a bed. Carefully, under the captains direction, Dee removed the burnt dress piece by piece as Sarah moaned in pain.
Well let the doctor clean her wounds. Boil some water and then get some clean rags and a bottle of whiskey, he commanded as Dee ran off while he gently covered her with a sheet.
Sarah suddenly opened her eyes, unable to focus as she envisioned the captain next to her, uncertain where she was and how she got there. 
Sarah, youre awake, he murmured. The doctor is coming.
Sarah moved, feeling intense pain and then realized she was naked beneath the sheet, suddenly wondering how she came to be that way. What happened? she whispered.
You were held captive and became involved in the crossfire, he gently explained. But dont worry, the one responsible is now dead.
Sir George? she mumbled confused.
Do you know him? the captain asked.
Yes, from England, she answered. He is the son of a duke.
Who had kidnapped you and held you hostage, the captain reminded her.
My babies, she suddenly asked frantically.
They are being tended to and are fine, the captain reassured her as the doctor arrived.
The captain left Dee with the doctor as he went downstairs to ponder the circumstances, wondering how Sarah ever survived the crossfire when it appeared she took a direct hit. After an hour, the doctor reappeared.
How is she? he asked.
She has a bruised and burned back in which I have applied a salve to and dressed it. Also, I have stitched up her wrist. I have left Dee some herbs for a tea to reduce the pain. She is going to be in much pain from the wounds. I will return tomorrow to redress them unless you can find someone to tend to it, the doctor instructed.
Yes, I dont think Dee is a good candidate for that. Shes doesnt seem to handle this type of thing well, the captain concurred.
How did this happen? the doctor inquired confused.
Im attempting to determine that myself. From what was witnessed she was shot. We saw the flash which caused the burns, but cannot determine what happened to the bullet except it somehow misfired killing her captor, the captain surmised, shrugging.
Whatever happened she was one lucky lady, the doctor expressed.
 I hadnt gotten off a shot in fear that it would hit Sarah. Though, do you think the bullet he fired was deflected back to him somehow? the captain pondered with confusion. But, if it did, how would that even be possible?
 It is all very odd, the doctor concurred
 All I know is that he was directly in back of her, possibly using her as a shield, the captain added. Then there was a flash, causing them both to collapse. I will have to more fully question the seaman who was with me.
Another sailor claimed a flash caused him to fly backwards overboard earlier. This is all very perplexing; although we should be grateful she wasnt more seriously wounded, the doctor deduced.
I shall question her more fully when she is able, the captain asserted, thanking the doctor and paying him for his services.
The captain went upstairs to relieve Dee momentarily, so she could clean up. Sitting on a bedside chair, he could only reflect how much Sarah resembled his deceased fiance, determine to pursue a relationship with her once she recovered. She was indeed beautiful, a sight to behold in every way and admitted to himself that he was falling in love with her. When Dee returned, he promised that he would obtain more help for her the next day. In the meantime, he was glad to call it a night.
 The next day there was an inquiry with accusations from the other sailor that Sir George had referred to Sarah as a thief and a witch who was wanted in England. Although the captain knew Sarah had totally bewitched him, the other accusations were definitely farfetched. But, being the son of a duke he realized that an inquiry would be required by the Crown. Yet, he had his own first mate as a witness, in addition to Sarahs own account as to what happened.
The next day the captain was able to secure additional help for Sarah which allowed the children to return home. While still in pain, she remained comforted by their presence. The doctor visited to redress her wound teaching Renny how to assist. Renny was a borrowed servant from the Parkers home in Middle Plantation who was adept with treating illnesses. She was slightly older than Sarah, although friendly and quite proficient in her skills. Sarah was glad for the companionship, allowing Dee to mainly care for the children.
Though, Sarah was unprepared for the deposition when a constable appeared at the clapboard wanting some answers as to what occurred.
Sarah, the captain began, this is Robert Clevenshire here from the Crown to investigate what occurred the other night. He has some questions to ask you.
Sarah knew it was best to plead amnesia instead of admitting to anything,
How did you come to know Sir George? the constable inquired.
After my stepfather died, my uncle secured positions at his father, the dukes manor in the kitchen. He took a fancy to me right away desiring me to become an assistant to him since I was able to read and write, Sara began.
Then what happened? he asked.
He had a reputation with the ladies though I tried to avoid him as much as possible, Sarah continued. After a while, it became a noticeable obsession and knowing I wish to escape, his wife, Lady Alena, secretly gave me coinage to do so.
Go on? he persisted.
Sir George intercepted us, but in my escape from him I lost contact with my family, and John and I went separate ways from them. I still know not where they are. We disguised ourselves as Puritans and came to America.
What happened when you met up with Sir George here in Jamestown the other day? the constable continued.
He accosted me with a gun, accusing me of thievery, and tied me up in his cabin, Sarah indicated.
What were his intentions? he questioned. Take you back to England?
He said his wife, Lady Alena, died from an accident and couldnt verify my account that she gave us travel coinage. So, he pressured me to become his concubine to pay off the debt, Sarah conveyed.
And did he accost you? the constable queried.
He said he had business to attend to, but would return later. The ship planned to sail the next morning.
Then what happened?
I managed to cut the bondage ropes and escape from the captains quarters to the deck, although hid since I heard them talking. But, they found me.
Then what? the constable pressed.
Sarah shook her head. I have little memory after that except waking up to much pain here, she fibbed.
How did the first mate end up in the water? he persisted. 
Sarah shrugged. I cant remember. Perhaps he tripped.
How did Sir George die from a gunshot wound? he interrogated.
All I remember is a flash and nothing more. I cant answer that, Sarah explained.
There are allegations from the seaman of Sir George that you are a witch, the constable accused her directly. Sarah just looked between the constable and the captain with her big blue angelic eyes as she began to tear up. Why would anyone say something so horrid, none-the-less believe that. There is no truth to it, and I wish to rest. I am in much pain from my ordeal, Sarah whispered, with tears streaming down her cheeks.
I must ask you to leave now, the captain insisted. I will be glad to make any compensation to Sir Georges family by purchasing the ship or the cargo it carries. Otherwise, he brought on his own demise by his actions. Good day, Constable.

Chapter Nineteen
Sarah remained at the clapboard to recover over the next two weeks. Renny changed her dressings on a daily basis, after applying a soothing poultice. 
Where did you learn how to do this? Sarah asked with curiosity.
My mother was known as a medicine woman before she died. She taught me everything, including how to read and write, Renny conveyed.
My grandmum taught me also when I was a girl, Sarah explained, especially about the healing herbs.
Do you know that Sir Georges ship just came from South America and stopped here to pick up tobacco? Renny asked. It had cinchona on it which is used to make a healing tea to treat the fever.
Yes, my grandmum called it quinine and used it quite frequently, Sara concurred.
It is not my place, but with the increasing cases of the fever, we have need of it, Renny disclosed.
Let me speak to the captain about it, Sarah suggested.

Captain McManus went about his usual business although he couldnt stop thinking about Sarah, especially after seeing her lying there vulnerable and naked after her ordeal. She was indeed beautiful; more so than anything he had ever witnessed. He wanted her as his own, but he didnt know quite how to go about it, particularly following the unknown status of her husband, John. He realized that she was different, but the claims surrounding her only made her that much more mysterious and alluring to him. So, when she requested to speak with him, he never hesitated.
You are looking well, Sarah, the captain observed casually.
I am feeling much better, thank you, in part to Rennys care, Sarah responded.
Soon, Renny will need to return to the Parker plantation, the captain reminded her.
She has many healing talents. It would be a shame if she is unable to use them, Sarah remarked.
That is not my decision to make, unfortunately, the captain reminded her.
Captain, Sarah began demurely, It has come to my attention that Sir Georges ship recently came from South American with a supply of cinchona on it. Would it be possible to acquire this since it is used in the form of quinine or a tea to treat the fever?
Captain looked at her in confusion, causing her to blush. How do you have knowledge of this? he asked.
It is better known in England, especially since that is its final destination, Sarah conveyed.
I am in the process of negotiating the purchase of either all or some of the ships cargo, so I will inquire, the captain promised.
Thank you; anything to ease the symptoms of the fever would be welcomed, Sarah explained.
I believe it is time for you to take up residency in Middle Plantation. You seem to have recovered sufficiently, and my mother requests your presence. I have need of the clapboard for other purposes, the captain proposed.
Oh, Sarah sighed, realizing it would mean that she had given up on John from ever returning. Yes, she acknowledged sadly, knowing she didnt have any other options. I suppose it is.

The captain procured the cinchona bark and gave it to Sarah to do whatever she desired with it. She felt as though he had given her gold as she shared the news with Renny. Though, unfortunately Sarah and Renny were unable to visit for any length of time because of the Parkers strict household. Sarah felt saddened that Rennys skills remained untapped, especially as cases of the fever became more prevalent. This suddenly hit close to home when Thomas came down ill.
Since he and his father resided in Middle Plantation near their workshop, Sarah went over for a visit much to the dismay of Rose, who was unsure of the cause of the malady. She definitely didnt want Sarah to bring the illness home. Taking some of the cinchona, she showed his father how to make it into a palatable tea to drink.
It has a healing affect, especially for the fever. Perhaps, you should drink some yourself as a preventative, Sarah suggested.
When she returned home, the captain, whom Rose went to fetch about the issue, called her into his library to speak with her. You are endangering us all by visiting with the sick, the captain insisted.
It has been said the fever is spread by the mosquito, so it is not contagious by visitation, Sarah countered indignantly.
And how do you know this? the captain demanded.
This was the thought back in England by my grandmum, Sarah remarked. Anyway, it is a logical conclusion since more cases are in the lowlands by the swamps.
In any case, since you are in my employment, I forbid you exposing or endangering you, your children or the rest of us, the captain commanded.
Thomas more than likely contracted it when warning you of my impending danger, It is the least I can do for him in return, Sarah maintained.
And it has been done, but no more, the captain concluded succinctly.
Yes sir, Sarah responded despondently.
The captain realized he most probably overreacted, but he feared for Sarahs welfare, realizing he wouldnt be able to handle anything happening to her as it did his fiance. But, after much contemplation, he rationalized if this quinine worked, perhaps it could save more people like his beloved. He would have to monitor the situation and allowed Sarah to spend time grinding up the bark with her mortar and pestle, even securing more for her.
Bridget was most distressed by the news of Thomas illness and came to Middle Plantation to nurse him as best as she could. Rose would not allow her to remain at the house, still fearing it to be contagious, so Sarah would meet up with her at designated times to visit. However, it didnt take long before Cuthry became ill also, and Sarah just knew he most probably contracted it at the same time as Thomas during their nighttime trip to rescue her.
Rose, we need to send for Renny, Sarah insisted. She has the experience to heal.
Send Dee with this note to the Parkers to fetch her then, Rose concurred suddenly feeling helpless.
When Dee returned with Renny, she became Cuthrys full time nurse, isolating him in a room in the stables away from everyone and everything. Sarah continued to grind the bark, even encouraging Rose and Renny to drink some for their protection, hoping it would deter the spread of whatever was causing it.
Renny would secretly visit with Sarah, especially when Rose and the children were resting. Sitting outside the stable on a bale of hay became a respite for them.
How is Cuthry doing? Sarah asked.
This will take a while. It just doesnt magically cure itself even with the tea, Renny sighed, How is Thomas faring?
According to Bridget, holding his own, Sarah replied.
Rumor has it that several more field workers have died from it, Renny reported.
Perhaps, we need to share the quinine, Sarah suggested.
I dont think there is enough for everyone, Renny observed.
Perhaps, the captain can procure some more, Sarah suggested. I can only ask though he seems cross of late, and I dont understand the reason.
Alice Parker definitely has affection for him. I heard her talking to the mizzes and they were both planning on how to hook him, Renny laughed.
I dont know why hes never married, though he has had concubines. I was even noticed by one wearing an old dress of hers given to me by the captain, Sarah conveyed.
That was uncomfortable Im sure for you, Renny insinuated.
Most definitely. After that, I had it burnt. I didnt want anyone else to think it of me, Sarah continued.
Probably wise, Renny agreed.
Why dont you speak like the others? Sarah suddenly asked.
My mother was from the West Indies, but my father was an educated English white man, who believed in the use of correct English. If I was to remain in the house, I had to speak correctly according to him, Renny shared.
What happened to your parents? Sarah asked gently.
My mother died in childbirth when I was fourteen. My father  captained a vessel and never returned, Renny explained.
Just like my John. After a storm off the coast, they found parts of his fishing vessel, but nothing else, Sarah reiterated, sighing sadly.
Not knowing never lets you fully move forward in life, Renny empathized and then added, I better check on Cuthry.
Yes, the children are waking up. I can hear them, Sarah concurred.

Thomas eventually recovered being young and strong; however, it took much longer for Cuthry. Though, Renny was especially diligent in his care, particularly with the use of the healing tea causing Cuthry to eventually recover, but he still remained in a weakened state.
The Parkers are asking for my return. They are holding a ball for the college supporters and need my help with it, Renny announced.
Is this for the supporters or for the captains benefit? Sarah asked knowingly.
Most probably for both. Alice hopes for a promise from the captain. It would be the perfect time to announce their betrothal, Renny secretly disclosed.
It will be interesting, Sarah expressed knowing it would never happen.

In the meantime, Rose was adamant that little Grace be baptized.
Wouldnt it be lovely for her to be one of the first children to be baptized at the Bruton church? Rose suggested.
It would be indeed beautiful, Sarah agreed.
Then I shall arrange for it this Sunday, Rose eagerly suggested.
Again, the captain and Cecily were named Godparents to little Grace who was growing up to be the image of Sarah. Peter also was quite the little charmer, entertaining all he knew with his delightful antics. Yet, every time she looked at him, it tugged at her heart wondering about John. She knew that he was gone, but it took this long to actually admit to it. Though, she was glad to have Peter who was a reminder of her first and only love. She knew she should be grateful for what she had.
After the baptism, they returned to the house for a Sunday dinner. Cecilys children were growing like weeds and sent outside to run off their energy. Rose delighted in her grandchildren, even adopting Sarahs as her own. Though, she would take every opportunity to goad the captain about contributing towards the family in this regard.
It is my understanding that you are to be engaged soon to Alice Parker? Cecily remarked who maintained an ongoing friendship with her.
And where did you obtain that information from? the captain quickly retorted.
Just rumors around town, Cecily taunted him.
Yes, it is about time that we added to the family, Rose concurred.
I will choose my own future wife when Im good and ready, he announced annoyed.
I just hope its before I die, Rose commented ruefully.
Thank you for the delightful dinner and company, but I have other endeavors waiting for me, he concluded, excusing himself abruptly.
Sarah couldnt help but to tune into him and suddenly came to realize his ongoing affection for her which was a deterrent to him making a commitment with Alice or anyone else. Their eyes met as he left the room causing Sarah to blush which didnt go unnoticed by Cecily. Yet, she realized that although Sarah was part of the household staff, she was not of their social status and wouldnt be accepted as such. But, that definitely didnt make any difference to the captain who didnt give credibility to the societal hierarchy of the growing town.
However, Sarah noticed that the captain was Alices escort to the ball. Afterwards, when Renny was checking up on Cuthry, she shared all the gossip with her.
Alice hung onto the captain the entire affair, she gossiped. We were all waiting for an announcement but it never came, and Alice was totally distraught afterwards.
Sarah was relieved, although she wouldnt admit it to herself just yet. It will happen when he is ready, I suppose, Sarah expressed.
Alice is concerned there is another woman, Renny continued.
And perhaps there is. Time will tell, she responded, quickly changing the subject.
Though, this gave Sarah much to reflect upon, realizing that she was not of the same social standing as the McManus family and that any future to this would never work. Yet, she did wonder if this did occur, how it would affect her position and residency within the household.  But, she put it quickly out of her mind to tend to her duties and the children.

Chapter Twenty
Upon Thomas recovery, he and Bridget decided to be married at the newly erected Bruton church and reside in a small shared house with his father near the workshop. Bridget spent the majority of her time making the perfect wedding dress out of newly acquired silk from India.
I want it to be a fashion statement. Afterwards, I plan to display it in the shop so every other bride will want one just like it, Bridget claimed one day as she stopped by to visit with Sarah.
Its beautiful, Sarah exclaimed, touching the delicate material. You are right; every bride will want one after seeing it.
You will stand up for me Im hoping, Bridget asked.
Of course, but I have nothing to wear in comparison. I fear I will shame you and myself, Sarah claimed.
Fear not about that. I have been working on dress for you. You too will be the envy of the town, Bridget predicted.
Sarah smiled. I would never go so far as to say that, but thank you for the compliment.
You need to look into the mirror and perhaps see what everyone else does sometime. You are the envy of many, Bridget informed her.
No, I cannot believe that. Even if it were so, I am not a young lass anymore, once married and with two children, Sarah remarked.
The young men in town are unsure of your status and are in fear of crossing the captain, Bridget insinuated.
Why do you say that? Sarah asked confused.
 He is protective of you. Have you not noticed? Bridget claimed.
I dont know why ever for. I am just on the staff of his house as a companion to Rose, Sarah suggested.
Thats just a ploy to keep an eye on you, Bridget predicted.
He and Cecily are the Godparents of my children. He and Rose do care for them, Sarah conveyed. But, he is known to keep the company of Alice Parker.
Bridget laughed. Do you realize that she and her mother were in the millinery in Jamestown asking about available cloth that can be made into a wedding gown recently?
She and the captain must be more serious than I thought. Rose is pressing him for more grandchildren, Sarah implied and then added with a giggle, Perhaps she will purchase yours after the fact.
Truly doubtful. She wouldnt be caught dead in a used gown, Bridget alleged, before excusing herself. I must return. I have so much to do in preparation.

After bidding Bridget good-bye, the captain asked to speak with Sarah in his library. Sarah was somewhat surprised as he handed her a letter.
Who is it from? she inquired as the captain just shrugged.
Sarah carefully opened it, and her eyes widened in anticipation as she read the contents.
It is from my mother who is in Ireland with my brothers, Sarah revealed. I never thought I would ever hear from them again. But, how did it come to be that they were finally found?
I have my ways, he maintained quietly.
Thank you, Captain. I will always be indebted to you for finding them for me, she rejoiced with tears in her eyes. Is there a way to return another letter to them?
Yes, I am able do that for you, he promised as Sarah couldnt help but give him a warm hug in appreciation. Turning, she hurried out to share the good news with Rose.

Captain was somewhat astonished,  lingering in thought over Sarahs warm, unabashed hug. He wasnt expecting it, but he definitely welcomed it. Though, he feared what she may do with the new knowledge regarding her family, hoping it wouldnt change the current household set-up. He had other issues on his mind, especially the pressure that came from all sides regarding his marital status. Although Alice was subtle in his presence, both Rose and Cecily spoke their minds about the subject to the point he contemplated taking a voyage even if it was a short one just to get away. The only thing deterring him was Sarah, not wanting to leave her. He definitely felt pulled in many directions; most where he did not wish to go. He had to admit Alice would be the perfect wife in the up and coming Middle Plantation society, but he didnt love her. At times, he didnt even like her with her high maintenance spoiled demands that were always met by her doting father. But, he realized that Alice would manipulate matters to obtain what she desired and right now her focus was on him.

Sarah remained in a high-spirited mood after having made contact with her family. It had been almost three years since she had any communication with them. She missed them, now that she realized that John was gone forever. The McManus family was good to her and the children, but she longed for more which was being part of an actual family. So, she wrote another letter and gave it to the captain to post. Now, she could only wait for a return one.
Thankful to her, Bridgets wedding plans preoccupied much of her time. Rose allowed her to remain at the house in preparation whenever she was in town until both gowns were fitted and completed. During the last fitting, Rose insisted that she model it for her downstairs since she was unable to climb the steps to the second floor. In a most lovely blue colored gown which accented her eyes, Sarah carefully promenaded down the staircase as the captain was entering the front door. When he spotted her, he could only stop and stare.
Captain, Sarah greeted as she flitted past him into the sitting room.
Oh my, Rose exclaimed, Its lovelier than I ever imagined.
Thank you, Sarah replied as she turned completely around only to notice the captain gazing at her also.
Looks as though David thinks so too. Stop the staring and come on in, Rose good-naturedly scolded him.
Finding his voice, he remarked, You indeed look lovely Sarah.
Well, its a perfect fit, thats for sure. I cant wait to see the bride, Rose remarked.
Bridget says one has to attend the wedding to see her in her gown, Sarah conveyed.
Wouldnt miss it. David here will be my escort, Rose insisted.
Sarah smiled as she excused herself to pass by Bridget who was observing this from the staircase.
Looks as though you have an admirer, Bridget teased her.
Theyre just not use to seeing me all dressed up, Sarah explained.
From the looks of the captain, I would anticipate its more than that, Bridget predicted, assisting her out of the gown as Sarah blushed.

Word soon spread around the town about the marriage and even those who did not attend the small ceremony stood around to catch a glance of the newest fashion in wedding gowns. Even Alice and her mother happened to pass by while in their horse and carriage and caught a glimpse. It was indeed a special occasion as Bridget and Thomas exchanged their vows with one another. Afterwards, they went to the McManus House for refreshments before returning to their place. Thomas father was good enough to take a room in a local publick house to give them privacy for a few days. After that, it was back to work as usual.
The following week, Bridget displayed her gown in a newly renovated area converted next to the woodshop where Bridget could continue her craft. But, the captain insisted on purchasing Sarahs gown for her before it could be returned. Sarah was somewhat surprised at his generosity, although grateful since she had grown to love it and couldnt envision anyone else wearing it but her.
  The cooler weather returned, and there were no more cases of the fever. The captain had purchased the English Rose and decided to continue its route between South America and England with a layover in the colonies on the return trip. Sarah desired more Cinchona bark; enough to expand its use. 
Though Sarah missed Renny and so did Cuthry, although it went unsaid. The Parkers were very demanding of their domestic help, and it saddened Sarah that Rennys true skills and knowledge of the healing arts went mostly unused. Finally, she could bear it no longer after more negative reports came through the household concerning the treatment of their help.
 One day, Sarah approached the captain. Captain, she implored, Is there some way you could purchase Renny from the Parkers. She has much skill in healing, and it goes mostly unrecognized at the Parkers. Anyway, I know Renny and Cuthry have much affection for one another, and I too miss her companionship.
You suggest that I buy Renny? he questioned rather surprised.
Yes, for the benefit of everyone, Sarah explained.
In what capacity would we use her? he asked.
  Around the household and to assist when the others cannot, Sarah suggested, knowing her reasons were weak. She has knowledge of herbs which would benefit those who are sick around the town.
  Captain just gazed at Sarah in surprise for a moment as she blushed. Finally, he agreed to inquire but made no promises. But unknown to Sarah when Captain did suggest it to the Parkers, Alice blocked it indicating that once she was married, Renny would be allowed to follow. This definitely put the captain in an awkward position with no immediate plans of matrimony in the future. Alice quickly recognized that this request was for the benefit of Sarah which made her all that more determined that Renny would be used as a bargaining tool to her advantage. So, everything remained at a standstill regarding this issue for now, much to Sarahs disappointment.
Though on their rare visits together, Renny conveyed to Sarah that Alice remained quite jealous of her presence in the captains house and was seeking a way to discredit her. Sarah realized she had a past which she really didnt want disclosed, but with the cold weather approaching, her options were limited. Though mostly, she dreamed about returning home to be closer to family someday.
But, along with the cold weather was a decrease in cases of the fever which verified Sarahs assumption that it was caused by the mosquito. Captain did provide her with some more Cinchona bark in which she promptly ground down for use in tea. In addition, she managed to grow some feverfew for pain, mullein for infection and St. Johns Wort for mood in a small herb garden. She busily dried and packaged them for future use. Now, she felt that she was somewhat prepared for the winter.
Yet, Sarah was totally ill-equipped when Rose took a bad fall and broke her hip causing much pain. Again, Sarah asked the captain for the use of Renny, and she was finally loaned for a short time to assist with Rose. Together, they concocted medication to alleviate the pain and assist with the healing process. But, she required round the clock care which stressed the both of them attempting to meet her needs. After the fall, Rose was never the same with Sarah spending extra time reading to her. Both Renny and Sarah noticed her spirits being affected with the children bringing little joy to her. Even with the concoctions of their special teas, nothing seemed to work until one night Rose succumbed in her sleep. Sarah was heart-broken as well as the children who viewed her as their grandmother by this time. Rennys work was done at the household, and she too returned to the Parkers house.
Bridget loaned Sarah a black dress to wear to the funeral held at Bruton church, and Rose was laid to rest in the cemetery next to it under a beautiful orange colored maple tree in all of its fall glory. Afterwards, everyone gathered at the house to pay their condolences including the Parker family. Alice was the last person Sarah wished to see, especially with her untimely remarks directed at her.
I never thought I would see you in black, Sarah, she cattily remarked in reference to her refusal to wear it surrounding Johns circumstances.
It is only borrowed for the occasion, Sarah mumbled.
Whatever are you planning to do now that your services are no longer needed as a companion to Rose? It would be inappropriate for you to remain at the house without her here, Alice insisted.
I suppose that remains to be seen, Sarah responded, knowing that two unmarried people residing in the same household would be deemed inappropriate to the moral standing of the community.
After Alices confrontation, Sarah felt even more despondent realizing that she just didnt lose Rose, but more than likely a place to live for her and her children.

Chapter Twenty-one
Sarah had no choice but to go forward spending more time with the children, allowing Dee to assist Fortune with the household chores. She knew something was in the air, but she didnt know exactly what and could only wait until it was made known.
The captain also, silently grieving over the loss of the matriarch of the household, was being pressured by both Cecily and then the pastor about the current living circumstances. He realized he had to make an appropriate decision, but he wasnt about to be pressured against his will. Cecily especially was pressing him towards marriage with Alice who had become a close friend of hers. Though Alice, considered a proper choice would make his life miserable, he realized. However, he knew something had to be done if he was to maintain his standing in the community.
The captain called Sarah unexpectedly into his library one evening.
Captain, she acknowledged as she was seated.
Sarah, he began hesitantly. We have a situation that we must rectify following the death of my mother. As you are well aware, it is not appropriate for the both of us living in the same household being unmarried. It has become the gossip of the town, and it does little for either of our reputations. So, after much consideration, I am offering you the opportunity to become the mistress of the house through marriage.
Sarah just sat there in stunned silence, but finally mumbled, To whom?
Me, he replied succinctly.
Sarahs eyes widened as she blushed. But Captain, I am technically still married and even if I were widowed, my year of mourning has not yet passed.
When I married you aboard my ship, I never processed the papers, so you are not married within the law of the colonies, the captain explained.
So, you are saying I have never actually been married and have been living in sin all this time? she questioned in disbelief.
Yes, but no one has to know this unless it is brought to light, the captain explained.
But, I have knowledge of it now which distresses me, Sarah countered in disbelief.
This is the only acceptable way to maintain the household as it is. Otherwise, changes will have to be made, the captain continued.
I must conclude my year of mourning in due respect to John before I am able to make such a decision, Sarah avowed.
Is that your answer then? he asked.
Yes, Sarah contended.
Very well then. Cecily and her family will be taking up residency at the house, and I will be going on an extended voyage. Come spring, perhaps you will reconsider. I expect you will keep this matter confidential, he insisted.
Of course, Sarah whispered as she was excused.
Sarah was confused and inconsolable, not to just the changes about to occur, but to the possibility that her marriage had possibly been invalid this entire time. It troubled her that the captain had not been totally honest about it. She needed time to process this deception and avoided the captain as much as possible. But, it was not to be long as the captain, without saying good-bye, was gone and Cecily and her family moved into the house, relieved to transplant from the lowlands of Jamestown to a more cultural setting.
However, it didnt take long for Cecily to demote Sarah to the level of a servant, waiting on her hand and foot, although she did allow her to tutor her children. Though, Mary and Alexander were a handful, not in the least interested in their studies. In addition, Peter and Grace were demanding, being at the stage where they were into everything much to the distress of Cecily who insisted everything to be just perfect for unexpected company.
Cecily would also have Alice over frequently who regarded Sarah as her arch enemy, realizing she was in the way of the one thing she desired. Combined together, they both were conniving tormenters who made life about as difficult as possible for both Sarah and from what she heard, Renny. Because of this they had little time to tend to their healing herbs or cache of medicinal tea. Finally, Sarah was able to escape for a few moments to visit with Bridget who was now pregnant and tending to her millinery shop.
I dont know how I can bear this much longer, Sarah admitted, I have been relegated to the position of a servant in the household. Between Cecily and Alice, they have become unrelenting in making life as miserable as possible for me. I am experiencing what poor Renny must endure every day.
What about returning to the clapboard? Bridget suggested.
I believe the captain is using it to board the delegates to the House of Burgesses when they are in town, Sarah conveyed. It definitely wouldnt be appropriate for me to stay there. I suppose that I should be grateful for my current accommodations. At least the children are being cared for although they are most annoying to Cecily.
My mother has need of help in Jamestown in the millinery, Bridget suggested. She is indeed lonely since Ive left. It is her intention once we acquire better housing for her to join us in Middle Plantation, but it wont be until next summer perhaps. Anyway, her business is ever expanding with the delegates in session.
But what about the children? Sarah asked.
Her help has been seeking someone to watch and tutor their children while they work. Perhaps, that would be an option, Bridget suggested.
I know I am not welcomed here. Perhaps that is an alternative. Would you discuss the possibility of it with her? Sarah asked. It would not be long as my secret desire is to return to Ireland to be with family when spring arrives again.
Although Sarah was unable to decide what to do, Alice was strategizing how to permanently get rid of Sarah whom she deemed as competition for the captain. The opportunity hastened Sarahs decision when a past magistrate from Massachusetts became part of the faculty at the new College of William and Mary. At first, he didnt recognize Sarah, believing she was executed from all accounts in Salem. But his image was permanently etched in Sarahs memory, especially after he delivered the sentence of death. Then, she knew her future, if not her reputation, would be permanently tarnished if she remained.
That motivated her to hasten her decision to escape somehow. With the help of Dee, she packed up the childrens clothes and when Cecily was preoccupied with an all-day college function, Thomas came by with a borrowed horse and carriage. It didnt take long for Sarah to be on her way with the children all bundled up heading back towards Jamestown. Cecily was at first surprised when she learned of Sarahs hasty departure upon her return, but was secretly glad for Alices sake that she was gone. Now, she would just have to think of a way to explain this to the captain when he returned from his voyage which was supposedly around Christmas. Out of curiosity, Cecily attempted to elicit the whereabouts of Sarah through Bridget and Thomas, but Bridget only conveyed that she was on her way back to Ireland to be with family; an explanation which seemed to satisfy her. 
Sarah settled in with her two small children in an old supply room above the millinery store. Bridget had taken much of the extra goods to Middle Plantation with her, which opened up space for her and the children. With the assistance of Mildred and Thomas, they hastily prepared a comfortable area for them all to sleep. Downstairs and outside was the kitchen area which was accessible with a dining area that could be used as a school room and play area which was warmed by the fireplace. Tillie, a slave, also assisted with the cooking who was eager for her young daughter to learn to read and write. So, they made an arrangement where Tillie would do the cooking, and Sarah would watch and tutor the children. It wasnt near the accommodations of the Middle Plantation house, but it would do until Sarah could earn passage back to her family in Ireland.
Everyone settled into a routine which kept Sarah busy with four other students, besides her own young children. Mildred would keep Sarah informed about the occurrences in Middle Plantation through Bridget, but with winter beginning, everyone remained mostly inside and to themselves, busily preparing for their own familys Christmas.
One day after church, Sarah noticed that the English Rose was back in port, and then she knew the captain had returned. She figured Cecily would conjure up some story behind her hasty departure, although Sarah knew she would eventually hear about it through Bridget. Having to pick up more goods in Jamestown, both Bridget and Thomas spent Christmas with Mildred. Of course, Sarah was invited to join them in their merriment. Following church, they all returned for Christmas dinner to Mildreds place.
It is so good to see you again, Sarah gushed, giving Bridget a hug. How is everything with you?
Just waiting for springtime to arrive to have my baby, Bridget declared. I believe this will be my last journey before it is time.
If you have any problems, ask for Renny to assist, Sarah suggested.
Bridget shrugged. I dont know with how demanding the Parkers are with their help.
Im just glad to have a reprieve from it all, Sarah disclosed. Though, I see the English Rose is back in port. So, the captain has returned. 
Yes, rumor has it that he was very angry with the changes he found upon his return, Bridget divulged.
How did you come to know that? Sarah asked.
One hears all the gossip at the millinery, Bridget reminded her.
Do you think he knows where I am? Sarah asked.
No, not specifically, but Im sure he will be able to find you if he so wishes, Bridget alleged.
I am not welcomed at Middle Plantation, so there is no need to return there, Sarah conveyed.
Thomas and I made some toys for the children, Bridget suggested, changing the subject. I know they are anxious to receive them.
After the exchange of wooden toys for Peter and a doll made for Grace, they sat down to a roasted duck prepared by Tillie. Thomass father, Edmund,who joined them for the holiday, had contributed to the meal after a successful hunting trip. With Tillies ability to make most anything from corn, they had a hearty Christmas dinner together. They finished it off with a mince pie for dessert.
Methinks this was the best meal in a very long time, Thomas admitted, finishing it off with an ale.
Do you not like my cooking? Bridget challenged him.
Of course, but how often might we have roasted duck? Thomas explained with chagrin.
Not as often as we would like, Edmund interjected with a hearty belch.
Afterwards, since it was a mild day, Sarah and Bridget went outside with the children to run off their pent-up energy.
So, what are you going to do if the captain comes looking for you? Bridget asked.
Lets say I could have remained honorably if I so chose, but Im not about to make a hasty decision. Anyway, Im still in a state of mourning, Sarah insinuated.
Do you mean the captain wished to marry you? Bridget asked.
More as an obligation of duty and to maintain my position in good standing than for love, Sarah explained. I was unable to make that kind of decision so hastily.
He is the Godfather to your children, Bridget reminded her.
Yes, and Cecily is the Godmother, but heaven forbid either of them should ever have to actually raise them. It would be you whom I would choose though the captains and Cecilys only advantage would be their financial support, Sarah admitted. Cecily was most unwelcoming, especially with Alice constantly in her midst. She was glad to have me and the children gone.
Alice is becoming impatient waiting on the captains proposal, and I believe realizing that has made her desperate, Bridget observed.
Here in Jamestown, I come to always look out to sea expecting Johns return, though I know in my heart it will never be, Sarah whispered mournfully.
You are still in the midst of grieving. It is unwise to make any major decisions right now, Bridget observed.
Yes, you are right. That is why I chose some time away from it all, Sarah acknowledged.
We better go back inside before we catch a chill, Bridget suggested as Sarah gathered the children. We need to head home before the weather turns.
Thank you for all you and your mother have done for me and my children. You and your family have made it special for us, Sarah expressed.
Im sure you would have done the same for us, Bridget smiled, giving her a hug.

Chapter Twenty-two
The captain planned his voyage to specifically be home for Christmas with many gifts for Sarah and the children. When he arrived on time for Christmas dinner, he was outraged to discover Alice and her family present with Sarah and the children nowhere in sight. Although he was able to maintain his composure until the guests left, he unleashed his anger on Cecily as soon as they were gone.
Where are Sarah and the children? he demanded.
They decided to leave one day, and I havent heard from them since, Cecily informed him with indignation. Truly, I have no knowledge where they might be.
What did you do to her? he persisted.
 Absolutely nothing, she insisted. But, we are better off without them.
If you had any part in her departure, you will be sorry, he warned her.
Indeed, you would take a commoner over your own family, Cecily challenged him.
You dont know my full wrath if anything happened to her or the children, he bellowed as he left the library, slamming the door behind him.
The next day he approached the staff, but none admitted to knowing where she was. Though, the captain did persuade Dee to confess that Thomas assisted with her departure. At least he had somewhere to begin.
Bridget and Thomas were not surprised by the captains visit, demanding the whereabouts of Sarah and the children.
She mentioned her desire to return home to Ireland, Bridget disclosed.
Thomas assisted with her departure. That I know for a fact. Where did you take them? he commanded of Thomas.
To Jamestown to find passage on a ship, Thomas admitted, but revealed no more.
Why did she leave? the captain persisted.
Because she was treated like a servant while she resided here. She missed her family and wanted to return home, Bridget divulged.
Finally, the captain headed for Jamestown asking questions. It wasnt long before he determined Sarahs whereabouts. He waited until dark as the millinery was about to close when he brashly entered the kitchen as Sarah was feeding the children.
Hello Sarah, he began as Sarah dropped the cup she was holding and turned around to the angry eyes of the captain. We need to talk privately. Please have the help watch the children momentarily.
The captain gave Sarah his coat as he led her outside, down the hill, up the ramp and into the English Rose. Sitting her down at the captains table in his quarters, he demanded to know why she had left.
Sarah took a big breath. I do not wish to stay where I am not wanted, she expressed simply.
Did Cecily treat you poorly? he interrogated her.
It involved a combination of circumstances, Sarah conveyed.
Such as? he inquired, waiting patiently.
It wasnt a hospitable place between Cecily and Alice with whom she has become friendly, Sarah expressed.
I will take care of this, so you can return. They can find other accommodations while their house is being built, the captain insisted.
They were right. It is not proper that we live under the same roof, Sarah conceded.
Then, we will be married, the captain suggested.
I am but a commoner and do not belong in that society, Sarah argued.
No more than I or anyone else should be, the captain intimated.
It has spread that I am a witch, and I do not wish my children to hear that of their mother, Sarah disclosed.
There is no truth to it. It is just malicious rumors, the captain countered.
But there is some truth to it, Sarah admitted as the captain stared at her in confusion. When I was a companion to an elderly lady in Salem, she died and I was accused because of the use of my healing herbs of being a witch. A magistrate who officiated at my trial sentenced me to death. However, I was able to escape by the miracle of God and with the help of John, unscathed. I have witnessed this very magistrate in Middle Plantation involved with the new college there. I could not take a chance between everything to remain. As soon as the warm weather arrives, I wish to sail off to Ireland to reunite with my family. I need to do so for mine and my childrens welfare.
But, we can deal with these issues if you will trust me, the captain implored, giving Sarah a hanky to wipe the tears from her eyes.
Im sorry. I just dont think it will work, Sarah maintained.
Though, you are wanted in England for thievery. If you return you may end up in debtor jail from what I hear, the captain countered.
It was Sir Georges wife who gave me coinage to escape to America from him. Though, with her having died from some unknown accident, I shall probably never be cleared, Sarah rationalized, now crying as the captain drew her close to comfort her.
Sarah, I have loved you from the very moment I first saw you. You cant constantly run. You need to face your problems, and I can help you with that, he explained. I can protect you if you will let me.
But, what will happen when you are away. I have many enemies who wish me to be gone, Sarah responded.
Trust me. I will protect you no matter what it takes, he promised, lifting up her chin to look into her eyes. Can you trust me to do that?
Sarah nodded, knowing she had no other choice if she was going to do what was best for her children. She realized that her current living arrangement was less than ideal, but at least it was a roof over their heads. Bending down he gently kissed her on the lips awakening a need that Sarah long ago had forgotten about. Frightened about the possibilities of where this was leading, she stood up and announced, I need to return to my children.
First, you and my Godchildren will reside in the clapboard for now until we can settle matters. At least it will be warm for you there, the captain asserted.
But I thought it was lodging for the delegates, Sarah questioned.
They have gone home for Christmas and will have to find other accommodations when they return for the next session, the captain conveyed.
Knowing that they barely kept warm during the night in their present room, Sara agreed if not for her, but for the welfare of the children.
This will give us time to sort matters out, he claimed.
How long are you expected to remain in port? she inquired.
Since I am the owner of my ships I have options regarding my schedule, he replied. I will prepare the clapboard house, and tomorrow we shall make your move. Agreed?
Sarah nodded as he put his arm around her to accompany her back to the millinery.

By the next evening, with the assistance of both Cuthry and Dee, Sarah and the children were settled in the clapboard. It was none too soon since both of the children came down with colds that turned into bronchitis which was making the rounds in the town. The doctor came to visit, but only empathized that it must run its course like the many other cases.
There are so many ill with it that I am unable to keep up, he remarked.
I know of someone who can be of assistance to you, but she is currently a servant. Coming from a family of medicine, she has the knowledge how to treat illness through the use of herbs. Though, she is used only as a scullery maid, Sarah informed Dr. Grey.
I have much need for assistance. What family is she with?
The Parker family in Middle Plantation, Sarah replied.
I know of them. Perhaps, I can send a letter to be delivered requesting her assistance, he suggested.
I am sending Cuthry to retrieve my rose hips and other healing herbs I left behind, Sarah suggested. Perhaps, he can deliver it for you.
Yes, I can write a quick letter for him to take along, the doctor agreed.
Within the hour, Cuthry was on his way to deliver the letter and retrieve the healing herbs. In the meantime, Sarah heated water to maintain moisture in the air as she comforted her coughing children. Soon, even the captain came down ill from the quick spreading illness, so he chose to remain at the clapboard to recover rather than exposing anyone in Middle Plantation.
Sarah was ecstatic when Cuthry returned with both Renny and her herbs. Following welcoming hugs, they both went to work making their healing teas palatable. The first one produced was with rose hips which provided high levels of vitamin C to promote healing. They mixed it with honey that sweetened the flavored drink.
For some reason, the captain seemed to be affected worse than the children, so he was offered quinine in an attempt to boost his ability to counteract it.
It must be from the tobacco he uses that is making it harder to fight off, Sarah surmised.
Yes, that definitely affects the ability to breathe and heal faster, Renny concurred as they used the mortar and pestle to process their teas.
Cuthry and Dee remained to assist, not wanting to spread the infection elsewhere. Finally, Sarah sent Cuthry for the doctor, unsure of what more she could do for the captain. Though, the doctor after examining him just left more quinine.
This is widespread. Do you think I can borrow Renny now to assist? I can barely keep up as it is, Dr. Grey requested.
Most certainly. I believe we can handle it from here. The children are recovering. The rest of us are drinking the teas as a preventative, and if the captain becomes worse I will send for you, Sarah reassured him, although she would miss Rennys competency and companionship.
Are you able to deliver babies? he asked Renny as they exited. I have a couple ready to be born.
Yes, of course, she agreed.
Sarah remained by the captains side taking turns with Cuthry as Dee watched the children. Except for the captain, the worse was over for them. Sarah sighed in relief though she couldnt understand why some were affected more than others. She just prayed that they would be spared. Just as the captain started to feel better, the rest of them came down with it, but with much milder symptoms. Diligently imbibing their tea, the recovery time was sooner than expected. But even after another week, although they were on the road to recovery, the captain remained in a weakened state.
It is the tobacco that is affecting your breathing. You need to refrain from using it, Sarah insisted, not wanting her children around it either.
As poorly as the captain felt, he didnt argue about it. Though once he did feel better, he was up and about with the need of checking on his fleet.
The entire town has virtually shut down because of this. No one is going anywhere for now, especially you, Sarah insisted.
You only get away with telling me what to do because you are so lovely to look at as I remain in bed, the captain teased her.
Now, I can tell that you are feeling better, Sarah kidded him back.
Come here, he requested, taking her arm and pulling her to sit on the side of his bed. You are an incentive for any man to want to live for. Sarah blushed as he continued, I want you to be here for me the rest of my life. We can both grow old taking care of each other.
I think you are hallucinating from your fever. Perhaps you need more tea, Sarah smiled as she teased him.
The only incentive to get well is that you will be forever here for me, he expressed.
You need to rest. I must check on the children. Ring the bell if you have need for me, she requested as she heard the bell clang.
Sarah just smiled as she left the room to go downstairs. Coming in exhausted was Renny, who also was coughing.
Ive been sent home by Dr. Grey to recover, she whispered as Sarah assisted her to a bed. As Dee made her comfortable, Sarah brewed her tea, giving her a big dose of quinine with it. Even Dr. Grey has come down with it, but he refused to quit working.
Do you think I am needed to help? Sarah asked.
Perhaps, make some more tea, so the doctor will have extra on hand. We are running out of supplies, Renny suggested.
I can do that, Sarah offered as Dee watched the children.
Cuthry visited with Dr. Grey on a daily basis, providing him with more healing teas, until there was no more to make. So, the captain directed him to his ship for a supply of cinchona bark he had brought back from South America to process into a quinine medicine. This was time consuming and tedious to the point that Sarah began to package it with instructions, and Cuthry would deliver it with directions on how to make it. Finally, after three weeks, the epidemic subsided although everyone continued to be exhausted in an attempt to regain their strength once again. By this time, the weather had turned warmer and more could be seen outside enjoying the sunshine.
Dr. Grey made a final visit to the clapboard to thank everyone for their endeavors. We lost many of our elderly and sick from it, but it could have been worse, the doctor indicated. Thank you for assisting when I was unable. I wish that Renny could be part of my staff on a permanent basis.
Im not sure if the Parker family would allow that, Sarah conveyed.
I would offer to fairly compensate them for her, although I do not currently have the money to do so, Dr. Grey continued. She definitely has a special gift as you do with your healing tonics.
Perhaps I can help. We have offered a monetary exchange for Renny; however, because of personal reasons, it has been denied. Perhaps, we need to go about it in a different way, the captain proposed. If you solicit Renny through a plea as a public servant with a community need to assist you and I am your clandestine benefactor, perhaps we can persuade the Parkers to release her.
We can most definitely try, Dr. Grey concurred, Fortunately Middle Plantation was not affected as Jamestown by the epidemic, and perhaps they need not realize her value as we do.
We can only attempt, the captain suggested.
I will ask a couple of influential people to accompany me when I visit them about the proposal. In the meantime, Renny should remain here, Dr. Grey suggested.
Sarah and the captain just exchanged knowing glances and a smile as the doctor left with a determined mission on his mind, both hoping for the best.

Chapter Twenty-three
Sarah didnt know all of the details, but she was elated when Renny was released from the Parkers and would reside at the clapboard while assisting the doctor with his workload. Eventually, everyone recovered in the household and was able to enjoy the sunshine and warmer weather.
Have you ever seen such a beautiful spring with all the flowering trees? It is magnificent, Sarah exclaimed, breathing in the warm ocean breezes.
Yes, it is like a breath of fresh air after this long winter, Renny concurred. The sun is enough to warm the soul.
Sarah with Dee continued to care for and tutor the children of the seamstresses during the day. Bridget traveled to Jamestown to be closer to her mother and Renny, whom she wanted as her midwife when the time came. It was also reassuring that Dr. Grey was close-by if needed, having known him for years. To pass the time Bridget, who was huge in girth, would assist with minor tasks at the millinery. Though, much of the time was spent in visitation with Sarah.
I see the captain has returned to Middle Plantation, Bridget observed. 
Yes, for the time being. He is on the Board of Trustees for the new college, Sarah conveyed. Also, there is much talk about changing the name of Middle Plantation to Williamsburg in honor of King William. Many of the families hope to also move the capital there someday, since it is such a new and upcoming town.
Though the House of Burgess building here is quite accessible and functional still, Bridget observed.
True, though the captain is hoping to establish another waterway to Middle Plantation by the York River someday. This will go around the crowded conditions of Jamestown and bypass the swampy areas carrying diseases, Sarah conveyed.
It seems as though you and the captain have come to terms on issues, Bridget asked curiously.
Yes, however, it has bothered me that he never processed the marriage between me and John, making that status up in the air, Sarah continued.
Do you still miss John? Bridget asked.
Yes, he was there for me in the beginning, though I know he began to stray towards the end. He wanted a freer life; one of adventure and excitement and then the other sailors corrupted him, I feel, Sarah explained.
It is a rugged life for sure, Bridget agreed, not desiring to ruin her favorable memories of him.
He was young, I suppose, wanting to experience the adventurous side of life, Sarah sighed sadly.
Yes, Im glad that Thomas is more focused on his trade and family, Bridget surmised.
Yes, he will make a much better husband than a sailor, Sarah concurred.
But, what about the captain and you? Bridget persisted.
I am still in my mourning period no matter what my marital status to John involved. He is the father of my children, Sarah expressed. I am not in any hurry to remarry.
You definitely have beautiful children, Bridget acknowledged.
Yes, they are my life now, Sarah agreed, Though, yours will be equally beautiful as well. 
From what I hear, Alice remains extremely jealous of you, Bridget added as an afterthought.
I tried not to encourage it in any way. I think the captain took pity on me, Sarah revealed.
Which you desperately needed, Bridget contended.
The captain may seem gruff from the outside, but he does have a good heart, Sarah remarked.
What about Renny and Cuthry? Bridget asked.
What about them? Sarah replied, confused.
Looks as if he fancies her, Bridget smiled.
Sarah shrugged. Ive been too busy to notice, though Im certainly grateful that Renny was able to escape the clutches of Alice.
Me too. I feel much better with her being here with me when its time, Bridget claimed. She keeps on telling me that Im really big, wondering if its twins that Im carrying.
Wouldnt surprise me, but well know soon enough, Sarah couldnt help but to agree.

Though Bridgets time came sooner than expected when her water broke and the pains commenced. Cuthry went for Thomas while her mother, Mildred and Sarah remained close-by.
Renny finally requested for Sarah to fetch Dr. Grey with a worried look on her face. Mildred asked her what the matter was, but Renny refrained from saying anything more. When Sarah accompanied Dr. Grey back, both of them conferred in the room alone. Finally, Dr. Grey remained as Renny sent Mildred off to fetch some additional supplies while she took Sarah aside.
I believe there are twins, but its going to be difficult. She keeps on fighting the contractions, and her strength is diminishing, Renny reported seriously.
Sarah faced a dilemma, realizing that she could either expose her abilities or the possibility of losing either Bridget, the babies or both. Finally, she didnt want to chance the loss of three lives, so she pulled Renny aside, offering to put Bridget in a trance.
What will that do? Renny whispered.
It worked at the last difficult birth I was involved with, by relaxing the mother, eliminating the pain and allowing her to work through the contractions and not against them, Sarah quickly explained. 
You can do that? Renny asked confused.
All I can do is try, Sarah promised as another scream pierced the air.
It cant hurt, Renny replied desperately. She needs all the strength she can get, and it is better not to ease it through drink or drugs.
So, Sarah explained to Bridget what she was about to do, although Bridget was to the point she didnt care. She just wanted the pain to stop, and it all to be over with. So, Sarah went to the head of the bed, laying her hands on Bridgets head while meditating and drawing energy from beyond to relax Bridget, making suggestions of when to push through cues from Renny.
She has a way to go yet, Dr. Grey indicated. 
Though, Sarah drew on extra energy to strengthen the contractions until they saw the top of the babys head.
Ready, now we are going to push extra hard this time, Sarah coached, beginning now. 
Dr. Grey helped to guide the baby out as he handed it off to Renny. Within a minute, there was a lusty cry.
One more time, Sarah continued as Bridget using the last of her strength to push again, and another baby was delivered. Renny handed the first one off to Mildred as she was given the second one. 
I cant seem to stimulate this one, Renny whispered desperately after a couple of minutes.
Let me try, Sarah insisted as she took the baby, again meditated, sending an energy force through it as it was jolted alive. They all breathed a sigh of relief as the second baby began to cry, although weakly.
Hows my babies? Hows my babies? Bridget repeated over and over again.
You have a boy and a girl, her mother announced as both Mildred and Sarah held them up for her to see.
Are they all right? Bridget mumbled, enfeebled by the birth.
I need to check them out once were finished with taking care of you, Dr. Grey maintained.
Theyre beautiful, Mildred marveled as they both attempted to outcry one another. Hows my daughter? 
Exhausted, but after delivering twins, thats normal, Dr. Grey reported. Im just very glad for all of the support. It couldnt have been done without everyones assistance.
Yes, thank you, Bridget mumbled gratefully, still overwhelmed by the experience.
Sarah gave the baby girl to Renny. I need to return home now. Congratulations Bridget. Theyre beautiful. Ill drop by tomorrow.
Thank you Sarah, Bridget whispered as she left.
Sarah knew there would be questions and possible repercussions from her interventions in the birthing room. Yet, she just couldnt let her best friend or her babies die from a lack of an intervention from her part. She had no choice but to do the right thing; however, she realized it would cause issues, especially when everyone had a chance to process what had actually transpired.

Thats exactly what occurred when Renny returned later that night.
Can you explain what happened in there? she questioned still in disbelief.
After the children were in bed, Sarah sat down with Renny on the front porch to explain. I have these abilities, but I attempt not to make them known unless I have to for the welfare of another, Sarah explained.
What kind of abilities? Renny inquired.
I can put another in a trance or self-protect myself if I deem it to be necessary. I have the ability to read others when I become attuned to them. I also can draw on extra energy from beyond. That is what I did to stimulate the baby, Sarah confessed. Though, I use these abilities sparingly since most people think it comes from the devil. Although, my grandmum, who also possessed them, told me it was a gift from God to heal and self-protect.
I heard about this type of thing, but I never thought I would witness it, Renny mumbled.
It makes it difficult to remain in one place since I have been accused of being a witch and almost hung because of it. It seems as though Im always on the run. Once people know, they become scared of me, Sarah explained.
Yes, I can understand why, Renny acknowledged. But where does this type of thing come from?
It is inherited, although none of my siblings acquired it, however, I had a different father than they did. I also have an excellent memory, Sarah admitted.
What about your children? Do you think they possess these abilities? Renny asked.
I dont know yet since they are so young. Though, if you notice them moving objects around without touching them, it is a sign, Sarah explained. It is difficult for a child to understand or to control it. I was lucky to have my fathers mother to guide me when I was younger. Though, she too paid the ultimate price for the gift through death.
So, that is why you keep mostly to yourself, Renny surmised.
It can definitely affect relationships. Though John suspected, even the captain is unaware of them, Sarah continued.
Well, you certainly did a marvelous thing today. I truly thought we were going to lose all three of them, Renny admitted.
And if you knew of my powers and we had, I would have been accused of causing it, so it can go either way, Sarah disclosed.
Yes, I understand. We will have to make a pact amongst us to keep it a secret, Renny suggested.
This will be difficult. Possibly two can maintain a secret, but surely not the five of us. I fear I will soon be on the run again because of it, Sarah predicted.
Believe me, it will not be divulged by me. Your secret is good with me, Renny promised.
Thank you. Im glad I can count on at least someone, Sarah whispered, giving her a hug.

Chapter Twenty-four
The captain made several trips a week to Jamestown to check on his fleet and Sarah, where he would often remain for dinner and visit with the children.
Cecilys house is nearing completion, so you are welcomed to return, the captain suggested hopefully, but although it went unsaid, Sarah was contented with the current arrangements.
Have you seen the magistrate recently? Sarah inquired.
Yes, he is here over the winter, but plans to return soon to Massachusetts from what I understand, the captain conveyed  and then continued, displaying an enormous sapphire ring. Your year of mourning is nearing completion, and I would like to make first claim to your availability.
Sarahs eyes widened as she gazed at the beautiful blue stone. Ive never seen anything more magnificent. It is the color of my blue dress.
And your eyes also, the captain added. It came from South America.
Ive never owned anything this beautiful, she exclaimed.
I wish to marry you, Sarah, the captain mumbled, whenever you are ready.
Thank you, Captain. After my mourning period concludes, I will give it much consideration.
The house will be available in a month, and it would be a good time to take up residency with it being the beginning of fever season here, the captain attempted to persuade her.
Yes, you are quite right about that. Though, I do worry about my family in Ireland. I fear I will never see them again. Would you send another letter to them from me? she asked sweetly.
Of course, he agreed, always mesmerized by her stunning beauty. Im planning another short voyage and perhaps by that time you shall be ready to wed.
Yes, Captain, by then I should be ready, Sarah agreed.
The captain gently put the ring on Sarahs finger as he gave her a sweet kiss, before leaving to stay on his ship for the night.

Although the ring was lovely, Sarah remained unsure about her commitment to the captain. She realized that he was mesmerized by her appearance, but he really didnt know much of anything about her abilities. She had always made excuses about them which he tended to believe, particularly concerning her experiences with Sir George. Sarah felt if he truly knew her, it would ultimately scare him off. So, she bided her time, trying not to focus on it, particularly with all of the other issues she had been involved with of recent.
Bridget was mesmerized by the beautiful ring that Sarah wore on her finger. Does this mean youre promised? she asked as Sarah blushed.
I suppose it does, Sarah answered.
You dont sound very excited, Bridget observed, somewhat confused.
Its just that I have been having dreams about John lately, and Im not sure I belong in Middle Plantations society, Sarah explained with a sigh.
Are you concerned about your abilities? Bridget asked, Because I know what you did saved our lives, and I will be eternally grateful. But, Ill never understand how you did it.
Its just something I was born with, although I only use it in rare cases for protection or for someones welfare. I fear that people will shun or wish to harm me because of it, Sarah explained.
When I was too weak to push anymore, I could feel a surge of energy that just seemed to overcome me, Bridget mumbled, Mother says that you did the same for little Christopher to bring him to life.
Sarah blushed. There are times when the powers-to-be need to be drawn upon, and that was one such time.
Your secret will always remain with me. You need not fear, Bridget promised.
I know that, but others were there, such as Dr. Grey, Bridget maintained.
I think we can trust him, Bridget expressed and then added, My mother is in search of a property to open up a millinery store in Middle Plantation. She wishes to be near me.
Sarahs eyes widened as she smiled. It will be wonderful to have family close-by.
I must go, though Im hoping you will come to Christopher and Janes baptism in a couple of weeks, Bridget expressed. 
Yes, I will stay at the house since Cecily and her family will have moved by then. Though Captain should be out on a voyage at that time, Sarah promised. Godspeed.
Fare thee well, Bridget replied as she gave her a hug good-bye.

With the captain gone, Sarah and Renny used the time to plant their herb garden.
After last year, it can never be large enough, Renny remarked.
Yes, but we can only do so much. Perhaps, we can persuade others to grow some as well, Sarah suggested.
If we didnt fear the fever so much, we could forage for them in the wild, Renny suggested.
Yes, but we dare not, Im afraid, Sarah commented. Next week, Ill be taking Cuthry with me back to Middle Plantation for the baptism of the twins, and Ill be staying at the house. Cecily and her family should be gone by then to their new house.
Do not worry. I will maintain everything here while you are gone, Renny reassured her.
Dee will remain to watch the seamstress children, and it will only be for a short time, Sarah promised.
Yes, enjoy yourself. All will be fine here, Renny added.

Sarah was looking forward to the trip to Middle Plantation. She hadnt been back in months, and she missed Bridgets company. So, after packing up, Cuthry escorted Sarah and the children to be welcomed by Fortune who was maintaining the house after everyone else had gone.
Look at you, and all these chilens, Fortune began as she helped them to become settled. They sure is getting big.
Sarah smiled. It is good to see you again, Fortune.
Its been too long, but Lord almighty, I sure dont miss the others and their hoity-toity ways, Fortune went on and then noticed her ring. Looky here will you! That there is the biggest and purtiest stone I done ever seen.
Yes, me too, Sarah couldnt help but to agree. I better check on the children before they break something.
Sarah had to agree the house itself was huge and inviting, now that Cecily was gone. After their afternoon naps, Sarah took the short walk to Bridgets place. Looking around, she was amazed at all that they had accomplished over the winter months.
Everything is indeed lovely. You are all settled and ready to open for business, Sarah observed amazed.
Yes, Thomas surprised me when I returned, having enlarged part of the workshop which can house an area for a millinery. Of course, it is only temporary until we find something bigger, but it works quite well for now, Bridget smiled and then suggested, Lets take the children out back to the gardens where they can play. 
Sarah had to admit it was a lovely visit until they returned to the house only to be greeted by Cecily.
I was unaware you would be visiting, she declared.
It was my understanding that you are now in your new house, Sarah expressed.
I have some remaining items to fetch yet, Cecily answered, noticing the ring on her finger.
And where did you get your new ring from? Cecily inquired haughtily as she took Sarahs hand to examine it. Or need I ask?
Sarah didnt respond, but merely said, Excuse me; my children need me.
Sarah feared there would be repercussions, and without the captain here, she knew she was vulnerable. But, Cecily hastily left as Sarah realized where her next stop would be.
The baptism was held the next day at the Bruton church as Sarah dressed in her lovely blue dress for the occasion. Although it was a small gathering, it was simple but meaningful. Afterwards, they gathered outside in the gardens to visit as Mildred chatted about her future plans of relocating. Sarah couldnt help but to notice a subtle attraction between Mildred and Thomas father, Edmund, wondering if there was a future together for the both of them. But, Sarah was delighted for Bridget, realizing that being the nice person she was, she deserved happiness. She was glad she was instrumental in providing it for her.
However, on the short walk home while allowing the children to release their energy, Sarah observed a horse and carriage trotting slowly by as she caught a glimpse of Alice and her mother staring at her. Sarah realized that it wouldnt be too soon before she left. 

Cecily went directly to Alices house following her visit with Sarah the previous day to report her new status. At first, Alice couldnt believe it, and she and her mother had to check it out for themselves. Though, Sarah in her loveliness, was a sight to behold, especially as the sapphire sparkled from the suns rays, emphasizing her exquisite blue dress as they passed by. Alice couldnt help but to notice how much attention Sarah attracted just walking down the street. She then went directly to visit with Cecily after leaving her mother off at their house.
Can you believe how she flaunts it? Alice commiserated with Cecily. Do you think its a promise ring?
I havent heard anything definite from David either way, Cecily conveyed, realizing how infatuated her brother actually was with her.
I wonder if shes merely his concubine, and he is just gifting her for the services she provides, Alice suggested hopefully.
Cecily sighed. I cant be sure of that since she wouldnt answer my question either way.
Have you heard the rumors about her lately? Alice continued maliciously.
No, what?
My father learned through the doctor how she was able to put Bridget in a trance during the delivery of her twins. I wonder if she put David in one also, Alice surmised.
She definitely is mysterious with her herbs and all, Cecily confirmed.
She came from Massachusetts where all that witchcraft was happening. I wonder if the magistrate ever heard of her, Alice continued. Hes coming for dinner for a final discussion concerning the college tonight before he leaves. Perhaps, I will inquire about it.
But, Alice had little need since the magistrate also was drawn to Sarah as he too passed by in his horse and carriage, thinking that she looked familiar. Though, Sarah decided to remain an extra day because little Grace had a stomachache after the get-together. Sarah realized there was nothing important that she had to hurry back for, so she decided to relax for another day. Perhaps, she could tour some of the shops in the meantime, she surmised.
While Fortune watched the children, Sarah wandered down the street to the apothecary, always interested in the available herbs and to purchase some mint for Grace to ease her stomach woes. She was impressed by the variety, realizing that merchants were supplying it from other areas. She had an interesting chat with the proprietor who knew of Dr. Grey. Though, during the conversion, Sarah became disconcerted when he became aware of whom she was.
So you are the lady from Jamestown, who assisted with the doctor during the sickness, he disclosed.
I am one of many, Sarah admitted modestly.
Yes, there are countless stories about a mysterious, beautiful young woman who helped to save lives through her healing teas, he continued.
Sara laughed. Oh, you mean through processing cinchona bark into a palatable tea?
Yes.
I see you have a limited supply. Perhaps, you can ask Captain McManus on his voyages to South America to obtain some for you, Sarah suggested. Though, the fever is not as prevalent here.
Thank you. I shall do that when he returns, he remarked.
Or I can do that for you, Sarah offered.
Yes, that would be beneficial since I seldom see him, he admitted as he was distracted by another customer.

After dinner with the Parkers, the magistrate became more curious about this Sarah, wondering if she could be the very one he had sentence to death a couple of years ago, although he had known her as Anne. He had assumed it had taken place, although after further investigation, realizing after the fact that most of the accusations had been false, he had regretted his actions. That was why he took the opportunity to take a leave of absence to Virginia since there were repercussions from it. He was hoping that it would have all died down by now and was anxious to return. 
So, as he made his way to the college, he again stopped in his tracks as he spied Sarah walking home with her purchase. Yes, he thought, that had to be her unless she had a twin. He would always remember those lovely blue eyes which often haunted him in his dreams at night. Sarah, who became aware of the negative penetrating vibes turned to observe the magistrate observing her as he ordered the carriage driver to pull over while Sarahs heart skipped a beat.
Excuse me mam. You look familiar. Do I know you? he asked politely.
Sarah smiled and casually answered in her best southern drawl, I do not believe that Ive had the pleasure of meeting your acquaintance, sir.
Are you from this area? he inquired.
Actually, I am visiting, she answered.
Are you by chance from up north near Boston? he asked.
No, Im not, although I have kin from those parts, she answered and then continued, If you will excuse me. I must be on my way to tend to a sick child at home.
The magistrate nodded, confused, wondering if he had been mistaken. Though, the inquiries made to him by Alice made him believe differently. He would have to further investigate this, desiring clarification as to who she really was.

Chapter Twenty-five
Sarah went into a panic mode once she returned home, calling to Cuthry to prepare the carriage at once for a return trip to Jamestown. After enticing Grace to consume some mint tea, she packed her bags, anxious to leave. Her encounter with the magistrate was frightening, not knowing if there would be any follow-up or repercussions from it. Though, she knew Cecily and Alice definitely had something to do with it. She realized that she took a chance with all of their welfare visiting here, but she hadnt realized to what extent until the face-to-face contact with the magistrate. Yet, she definitely wanted to be present for the baptism and since she met her obligations, she needed to depart as soon as possible.
Fortunately, the sun set later with the approaching summer, and they arrived in Jamestown before it became dark. She was anxious to discuss her escapades with Renny, desiring her input on it since there was no one else to confide in.
You definitely have some enemies, beginning with Alice, Renny concluded, I know how vindictive she can be. I took the brunt of it for the most part.
I can never live there and possibly not here either. The captain is not aware of my true powers and once he learns of it, I will be doomed, Sarah predicted.
I dont know what to advise you, Renny expressed.
Though, at least you do have them to protect yourself and your children.

That night, Sarah had reoccurring nightmares about her experiences in Salem. It was to the point that she couldnt move past it, and she had nowhere to turn. Because of it, her mind revolved back to her family in Ireland and John, all who had seemed now permanently lost to her. When she had time, she would walk to the hill, overlooking the docks and sit on the bench watching the ships in the harbor. It seemed that many of the seaman looked like John as she strained her eyes to visualize them more closely. She knew it was a figment of her imagination, but John had been her only means of escape the last time and she yearned for that protection now. She would return to the clapboard depressed in her thoughts and frightened what the future may hold for her and her children. She now regretted allowing Cecily to be their Godmother, but she knew she did so because of Rose. What seemed like a solution then wouldnt be one of choice now, she realized. That night when she slept she envisioned John in her dreams. Where are you, she asked him, but he would float away unable to answer. When she awoke, it seemed so real to her. Frustrated, she busied herself with the tasks at hand, but with a niggling fear for the welfare of her and her children.

In the meantime, the magistrate asked more questions about  Sarah, learning that she did come from the Boston area and then he knew she had to be one and the same. He wasnt sure with all the repercussions what he might do about it since he realized that she could possibly damage his reputation, desiring to forget about the past. He also recognized an underlying hatred towards Sarah expressed through Alice whose family he had come to revere. He definitely didnt want his reputation tarnished since he hoped to eventually return to the area permanently as a returning professor and even to become a possible future delegate in the House of Burgess. He rationalized that he had no choice but to devise a plan to eliminate any possibility of her interfering with his future goals.
Sarah continued to feel uneasy, even expressing to Renny her reservations. I have a feeling of doom that is hovering over me, Sarah began as she took off her ring and sealed it into an envelope, If anything should happen to me, please give this letter to the captain when he returns.
What does this feeling involve? Renny inquired.
That I am the object of hatred that will result in my demise, Sarah explained.
Is there anywhere you and your children can go for safekeeping? Renny asked.
Sarah shook her head. Right now, I have no one.
What about the captain? Renny suggested.
Even if he were here, Im afraid he too would turn against me because of it, Sarah predicted. There are those out to destroy me, one way or another.
Let me know how I can help you, Renny implored sympathetically.
Take care of my children for me if need be, Sarah expressed despondently.

Despite the reoccurring nightmares, Sarah had no choice but to go on with everyday life, although she attempted to maintain a low profile. She could only wait for the captains return; however, she realized that would only complicate matters until the issues with Cecily and Alice were resolved.
Although unexpectedly, it all came to a climax when one day she spied someone down by the wharfs who looked like John. This she was unable to ignore, so she made her way down to the ship that just docked amidst the fog of a late May evening, asking the whereabouts of John Carlson. The sailor nodded towards the stockpile of goods as John stood there in the mist as she had envisioned him in her dreams. Unable to catch her breath upon the sighting, she suddenly collapsed on the wharf from the shock of it all.

Sarah awoke in the clapboard with Renny tending to her.
Where am I? she mumbled.
At home, Renny answered as she enticed her to drink some tea.
John, I saw John. Is he here? she whispered.
Youve been sick with the fever, Renny began.
But I saw John on the docks, Sarah rambled on.
You fainted, whereupon the doctor was called and then you were brought here, Renny attempted to explain.
But I saw John. Is he here? I need him, Sara murmured as Renny encouraged more Cinchona tea.
You need to rest, Renny encouraged, but it wasnt meant to be as visions of John raced through Sarahs mind.
Renny remained with her as the fever caused her to hallucinate as she tossed and turned amidst wild ramblings, calling out for her mum, grandmum and John.
How is she? Dr. Grey asked the next morning when he stopped in to visit.
The fever continues, Renny whispered outside the door. I dont know what more to do for her.
One has to have the will to live, Dr. Grey expressed.
She calls for her husband believed lost at sea, Renny conveyed. She talks to him as though he were here in the room.
Thats not unusual with the fever, Dr. Grey continued, Shes in what is called the netherworld, not knowing whether to remain or pass over. Renny began to tear up as he suggested, It is so hot in here. Have the others fill a tub with cool water and put her into it in an attempt to break the fever. Continue with the quinine and the rest is up to God.
After the doctor left, Cuthry and Dee brought in a metal tub and filled it with cool water. With the help of Dee, Renny lifted Sarah directly from her bed into the tub, gently pouring water over her head. They continued until Sarah began to shake uncontrollably and then she was placed back in the bed as they gently dried her off, replacing her nightgown. After that, Sarah began to rest more comfortably as Renny continued to encourage the special tea mixture. Falling asleep herself from exhaustion, Renny woke up with a start, realizing that Sarah was eerily quiet as she went over to check on her. Renny sighed in relief that she was still breathing, although restfully. Feeling her head, she knew her fever had broken and gently shook her as she continued to mumble nonsensically. 
Hearing a familiar voice downstairs, Renny went to investigate.
I came as soon as I heard from the doctor about Sarah, the captain conveyed. How is she?
Her fever has broken, but shes still incoherent, Renny reported as the captain went up to see for himself.
Sarah, Sarah, the captain gently called out her name, although Sarah remained in an exhausted slumber. I have someone to see you.
At the sound of that, Sarah became restless again, envisioning the magistrate in pursuit of her. Though, Renny followed the captain downstairs just as she noticed a strange woman entering the clapboard. 
This is Mae, Sarahs mother from Ireland, the captain introduced her, and this is Renny, who is tending to Sarah.
Me thank thee for thy help, but me would like to see thy daughter, Mae insisted as the captain directed Renny to take her upstairs.
Sarah in her own little world detected a strange, but familiar accent and then her name being repeated. Sarah, it is thy mum here for ye now. Doth thou hear me?
Sara mumbled and then opened her eyes to a shadowy figure, wondering if it was part of a dream world.
Sarah, it is thy mum here. Captain doth brung thy brothers and meself from Ireland fer ye.
Mum, Sarah whispered, attempting to focus on the figure as it became more clear. Mum, is it really you?
Yay, Sarah it tis. Though thou doth needeth to get well for thy children, Mae continued, and me and thy brothers. Doth thy hear me?
Sarah nodded her head.
Yay, Mae acknowledged, Me stay with thou so Renny can rest thyself then.
Sarah nodded again before falling into a restful slumber. 
During the night, Sarah reverted back to her childhood when her mother was there to tend to her during illnesses. Her voice soothed her as she drew closer to the real world, hour by hour. It was the next morning that she woke up aware of her surroundings. 
Mum, is that truly you? she whispered.
Yay Sarah, me here and yer brothers be here for ye now, Mae promised.
Peter and Grace, how are they? Sarah whispered.
Thou doth hath beautiful children, Sarah, and thy be with Dee who cares for them while ye have the sickness, Mae soothed
And my brothers? Sarah mumbled.
Thy captain hath given thee work on thy ships. For that, thou doth grateful, Mae explained. 
Realizing all was well with the family, Sarah could rest better and little by little regained her strength. In the meantime, she shared with her mum all that occurred  during their lost time together.
Thou art safe now, Sara, with yer brothers and me here. We will let naught harm you or thy children, Mae promised her as she gently brushed her hair. Art thou able to go downstairs to see them?
Yes, I truly miss them, glad that I was taken ill and not them, Sarah expressed.
Visiting with the children provided Sarah with an extra resolution to regain her strength and return to life, despite its obstacles. Waiting in the sitting room, the captain came in to greet her.
I am so glad you are feeling better. You certainly gave us all a scare for a while, the captain stated, taking her hand. 
Thank you, Captain, for bringing my family to me, Sarah replied simply.
Im just very thankful that you are still here to welcome them. You were one mighty sick lady, the captain conveyed, looking into the depths of her deep blue eyes. I would have never forgiven myself if anything ever happened to you or the children.
I am feeling well now, eager to go forward, thanks to your kindness, Sarah responded.
I must return to the house in Middle Plantation for a few days, he indicated, but I look forward to returning to seeing you even better.
Yes, Captain, me too, Sarah agreed. Though, I am tired now and feel as though I need to rest some more.
Very well, take care of yourself until I return, he implored as he brought her hand up to kiss it. You will be forever in my heart and thoughts while I am away.
Thank you, Captain, Sarah whispered as he took his leave.
After assisting her upstairs, Mae remarked, Thy doth seem to be a good man, Sarah, and wishes to marry ye.
Yes, Sarah acknowledged, but I have been in a years mourning for John who was lost at sea.
That meve heard, but it be time for ye to move on now, Mae pressed her. Thy captain be good to ye and thy children.
There are many of those who wish me gone from Middle Plantation, I fear, Sarah explained.
Ye hath me and thy brothers now to protect ye with thy captain, Mae reminded her.
But, you dont realize their powers of being when something interferes with their desires, Sarah retorted.
Nor do they know yours when thy will is to use them either, Mae reminded her.
Sarah nodded, not wishing to argue, realizing her mum didnt truly understand all that confronted her. Yet, she could just relax and relish that there was at least someone here to help her face all of her obstacles. For that, she was grateful and was able to sleep without all of the nightmares which had previously haunted her thoughts.

Chapter Twenty-six
It was a grand rendezvous when Sarahs half-brothers, Toby and Arnt came to the house to meet their new niece and nephew. Amidst greetings and hugs, Mae made them a full English breakfast consisting of eggs, sausage, black pudding, and corn bread as the boys ate heartily.
So, what might be on your agendas now? Sarah asked.
Me and Toby be sailors now on thy captains ships, Arnt reported.
So, you shall be off soon then? Sarah inquired.
Yay, down to South America, thy shall be, Toby added.
Im glad for you both, Sarah smiled, knowing they were grateful for the opportunities and adventures.
And you Mum, Sarah questioned.
The captain hath employed me as a cook here when the delegates returned come fall, Mae conveyed.
Truly, Sarah questioned, realizing how the captain had totally ingratiated her family within his businesses. Toby, may I speak with you before you leave?
Yay, what be it? he asked as Sarah walked with him out to the gardens.
It involves John. I believe I saw him on the wharfs, though Ive been told that I was hallucinating because of the fever. Please check out if there might be any truth to it for me, Sarah requested. Though, please do so clandestinely.
Ye think that John might be still alive? he asked.
I want to make sure, thats all? Sarah pleaded.
Methinks I can do that fer you, he conceded.
Thank you, Sarah replied. Godspeed on your voyage.
Toby nodded as he and Arnt headed back to the ships.
Sarah knew that her mum was totally fascinated by the captain, having saved them from their impoverished life back in Ireland. Mae was captivated by the happenings of the port town, always anxious to try out her recipes to deserving visitors in town, to the point the clapboard became the place where the captain would invite some of his colleagues.
Though, while Mae was cleaning the kitchen, she came across a letter to the captain, and unsuspecting as to its content and unknown to Sarah, handed it to the captain on his way out. The captain settled in his ships quarters before he retired for the night as he took out the envelope to read it. When he opened it; out dropped the sapphire. He had wondered why Sarah hadnt been wearing it; however, she indicated it needed to be adjusted since she had lost weight following her illness and didnt want to lose it.
It read: Captain,

If you are reading this, it is because I am no longer here anymore. I have not been honest with you, and because of it I have lived in fear. I am different and because of it, I have many enemies. I have special abilities, derived from my fathers side, which have allowed me to protect myself and others in time of need. I had need of it to escape from England and to counteract my hanging in Salem. This gift is inherited, and I am not aware if either of my children has acquired these powers. Though as their Godfather, you should be aware of the possibility. 
The magistrate, who had condemned me to death in Salem has been inquiring about me here, and I realize that both Cecily and Alice are aware. I do not know if I can live my life in constant trepidation, nor feel totally unaccepted as to whom I really am. Please believe me when I say I am not a witch as I have been accused. But, I do not know if I can live in constant fear of condemnation or exposure. I have asked Renny, in an event that I am no longer here that she give this letter to you since you do deserve a reason for my departure, having been so generous and kind to me and my children.

Yours truly,
Sarah 

The captain reread the letter over and over again, totally confused by its content. When was this written, he wondered? He rationalized it must have been before her episode of the fever. He realized something must have happened immediately before for her to want to run away. Though, the fever and the appearance of her family must have changed her mind in the meantime. Who was this magistrate? He would have to make further inquiries about this. It was obvious Mae had no knowledge of the contents of this letter, or she wouldnt have given it to him. Also, the powers confused him also since she never displayed them in front of him, except for the use of potions and teas or perhaps the circumstances surrounding Sir George. But most worrisome to him was the salutation which definitely indicated she wasnt someone who was in love with him nor wanted to maintain a relationship. Yes, he would have to totally investigate this before he proceeded with any of his plans, he determined.

With Sarah feeling better and her family surrounding her, she did not have the constant need to start anew. Though, when she went to the kitchen to retrieve the letter hidden in the pantry, it was gone. She immediately asked Renny about it who denied knowing anything as to its current whereabouts. Then she asked her mum who innocently indicated that upon cleaning out the pantry found it and gave it to the captain. Sarah gasped in tears as Mae asked her what the matter was? Sarah just shook her head indicating she needed to lie down for a while. Now, she knew why the captain hadnt been around. The letter said it all, and it distressed her that he should come to know this while she was still in the here and now. Yet, she had no idea what she would do about it. Overwhelmed, she took to her bed in an attempt to shut out the world and all of its problems.
As distressed as she was about it all, Sarah had difficulty functioning in the real world, never knowing what was actually happening. She didnt dare wander back to Middle Plantation, not knowing if the magistrate was still there or any scheme was being planned by Alice or Cecily, so she had little choice but to remain where she was.
Toby and Arnt returned from a short fishing trip off of the North Carolina coast. Sarah, who continued to monitor the coming and goings of the shipyard went down to greet them. This didnt go unnoticed by one of the other shop owners from Middle Plantation who observed as Sarah gave each of the boys a hug and a kiss.
Come. Ill buy you an ale in the tavern, Sarah offered to Toby as Arnt remained behind to finish up.
How was your fishing trip? she asked.
Me think quite successful, Toby reported.
Sarah went straight to the point. Did you hear anything? she asked.
About John, ye ask? Yay, another sailor say that John was loaded on a ship to get him out of the way that was sent out. It be the one that never returned, Toby continued.
Nobody ever heard from anyone aboard? she questioned.
Nay, me hear naught, John conveyed.
Nor, any of the other sailors on it, Sarah pressed.
Nay, not a one, John responded. Though, debris from the storm washed up in the Carolinas.
So, it be true then, Sarah indicated.
Why, are ye still mourning him? Toby inquired.
Yes. I just wanted to make sure, Sarah replied sadly and then rose to leave, I will tell mum that you are in port.
Thy shall be along soon for a good meal, he promised as they parted.

The captain was accosted by Cecily as soon as he arrived back to Middle Plantation.
Where have you been, she asked curtly. It was supposed to be a short voyage and here it was almost three months.
I went to Ireland and back, he admitted.
Well, there are problems with your betrothed that you need to know about before you hastily wed her, Cecily announced, not realizing how much the captain knew. The magistrate who was visiting, indicated she was sentenced to be hung for murder and thievery, in addition to being a witch. However, he didnt know how she escaped, though he plans to look into it once he returns home. Its just fortunate that this information surfaced prior to your running off and marrying her.
I am aware of the situation, the captain conveyed.
There is another important meeting to be held at the Parkers house concerning the college, and I believe it is assumed that you will attend, Cecily reminded him.
I expect to be there, the captain replied.

Sarah hadnt seen the captain since the letter was given to him and expected the worse. She was finally told that he decided to captain one of his ships on a short voyage, although she didnt know the details. In the meantime, the magistrate did some of his own investigation unraveling a cover-up amongst those who attended Sarahs execution. Alices father and the magistrate remained in contact about the subject and this information was shared with Alice. Taking the matter into her own hands, Alice contacted the constable of Jamestown concerning Sarahs status of being an escaped convict from Massachusetts, providing a forged letter to take her into custody. The constable had no choice but to abide by the law until the return of the local magistrate to sort these matters out. Sarah was tutoring the children when the constable arrived to arrest her.
You are under arrest by the Crown as an escapee from the State of Massachusetts. I have been instructed that you be held until the magistrate arrives to determine your status, he announced as everyone observed in shock as they took Sarah away incarcerating her.
Mae was beside herself, directing Cuthry to locate the captain. It was only then that she was informed of his sudden sea voyage. Without anyone to assist, the only thing she knew to do was to take her food, clothes and a blanket, knowing how chilly the jails could become at night.
Sarah, me heart breaks every time me sees ye in here, Mae wept. Methinks it was due to that letter me gave the captain without knowing.
No, Mum, the magistrate who sentenced me to death before I escaped in Salem is responsible for this, in addition to Alice who wishes me out of the picture for her own sake, Sarah comforted her.
Me get the boys to get ye out of here, Mae promised.
But how and where will we go? Sarah asked.
Back to Ireland if ye must, Mae announced.
How are Peter and Grace? Sarah inquired, missing them.
Ye naught to worry, me shall care fer them, Mae vowed. Though, me speak with yer brothers about this.
 Thank you, Mum.
 The days were hot while the nights were cool with many coming and going over the next week. The worse was the boredom of just waiting for the unknown. 

The captain decided to captain the voyage to ponder his thoughts and feelings for Sarah. Perhaps, Cecily was correct about her being an improper wife for his position in Middle Plantation. He then realized that Sarahs hesitancy to commit was an indication of her past guilt. So, he desired to take a trip away from all of it to contemplate his options.
Though through Toby, Mae began to hatch a scheme to rescue Sarah from her predicament. Packing up the childrens clothes, no one knew of their plans when the boys used their first salary as passage on a ship heading north to Pennsylvania. Mae realized that it had been advertised in Ireland as a colony tolerant of religious differences established by William Penn. Her brother had immigrated there the previous year to Bucks County near Philadelphia. She knew she would be offered housing until they were established. In any case, Mae hadnt been keen with the outbreak of the fever here, knowing her boys would be vulnerable working on the docks. It was less prevalent in northern climes. Now, she could only pray that it would work.

Chapter Twenty-seven
The passage was paid, and Toby managed to weasel his way into being part of the crew of the Pennsylvania bound ship, although he realized Arnt was too young. Renny, who was the only one with knowledge of the plan, secured some dark wigs for Sarah and her mother to wear. Arnt, with the help of Toby loaded their baggage the night before. Now, they had to find a way to release Sarah from her confinement. 
In the middle of the night when everyone was asleep, including the guard, Sarah enshrouded herself, lasering the lock to gain her freedom. After escaping, her mother provided her with one of her old dresses that had much padding sewn within to appear as a very expectant mother. Securing her hair under the dark wig, Toby helped them to gain early access in the bow of the boat where they found a secluded berth. Though, unknown to Sarah, two other women prisoners awoke to an opened door, following Sarah out of jail, however, they both spread out in different directions. By morning, just as the ship was about to take off, the changing guard noticed an empty cell. Before the vessel was allowed to sail, jailors did a sweep of the boat only to find Mae, a very pregnant woman, two young children and Arnt who was big for his age, acting as her husband amongst the passengers. Fortunately, in the darkened cabin, it was difficult to differentiate. 
Mae successfully was able to quiet the children with breakfast food as Toby interrupted the interrogation, handing them forged passage papers which were finally deemed as legitimate. So, breathing a sigh of relief as they sailed off, Sarah was once again successful in her ploy to escape. The chaos within Jamestown of pursuing the escaped prisoners erupted as the constable went door to door seeking her and the others while Sarah with her family were safely on their way towards Pennsylvania.
The captain returned the very next day and within an hour of docking, he was informed of the jail escape. One woman was caught while the other one was still on the lam. They had no idea as to the whereabouts of Sarah.
Why was Sarah incarcerated? the captain demanded of the constable.
Through a request from the magistrate of Massachusetts indicating she was an escaped convict wanted for murder, theft and thievery, he explained.
May I see the written affidavit? the captain requested as the constable handed it to him. The captain recognized the handwriting immediately, knowing who was behind this all. Later, seeking out Toby and Arnt, he discovered that neither of them could be found either.
He took a job on another vessel while you were gone, a seaman informed him.
Which one? the captain asked.
The Seamonger, me think, he replied.
Do you know where they were headed? he continued.
Up north to deliver tobacco, he answered.
The captain realized that all of the captains knew one another, but it would be at least a month before the vessel returned to port. Then, he visited the clapboard, interrogating the servants, beginning with Renny.
Where is Mae? he demanded.
She just upped and left a couple of days ago, she answered.
Did she indicate where she was going? the captain continued.
Not a word. Ive been busy helping Dr. Grey deliver babies, Renny explained.
What do you know about Sarahs situation? the captain persisted.
Only that the constable came at the demand of the magistrate from Massachusetts to jail her for being an escaped convict, Renny replied sadly.
Who was behind this? the captain asked.
Sarah said she felt Alice was behind it, Renny responded, not daring to add Cecily.
Why would Alice do such a thing? the captain muttered, flabbergasted.
Because she is jealous of your affections for Sarah, Renny mumbled, almost afraid to admit such a thing, but knowing she must regardless of the consequences.
Afterwards, he interrogated Dee and Cuthry, but neither admitted to knowing anything. Then, he rationalized that Sarahs letter to him was more out of fear than rejection. He regretted leaving her, realizing he would have had the authority to intervene, but again just like her husband, he was not there for her. Now, he realized her hesitancy to marry another sailor because they were not dependable, especially in time of need. He wasnt sure what he was going to do about it, but already he missed her. Though, one thing he intended to accomplish and that was to put Alice Parker in her place and completely out of his life. That much he owed to Sarah and himself.

The trip was rather uneventful, docking in Philadelphia within a weeks time. Both Toby and Arnt secured work with Captain Garrett unloading the vessel and acceptable lodging for Sarah, Mae and the children were found. Mae noticed that Philadelphia was a growing town with plenty of opportunities for an excellent cook, although Sarah wasnt sure what was available for her since it appeared even more primitive than Middle Plantation. But, she had to agree anything was better than the jail accommodations. So, they settled in a local Publick House for the night. Tomorrow, Mae would look further  into her brothers whereabouts.
Morning came as Mae and the boys spread out to ask the whereabouts of Maes brother, Samuel Wilson, and his family. By afternoon, someone at the general store pointed northwards towards Bucks County indicating he was a farmer. So, the following day Mae with Arnt, Sarah and the children secured a carriage to investigate while Toby continued to reload the ship for another voyage. Asking along the way, they were finally pointed about eight miles out of town, until they were eventually directed to a farmhouse.
Samuel, Mae exclaimed as she greeted her brother who was just exiting the barn. Me have finally found ye.
Samuel just stared at them in disbelief as Mae babbled on, Thou knowest Arnt and Sarah with thy children, Grace and Peter. 
The children, who were restless, were allowed down to run around, mesmerized by the cows and chickens.
What brought you here? Samuel asked gruffly.

Me needed to relocate fer the sake of thy children, Mae explained. Where be Penelope and thy boy?
Penelope died a couple of months ago, and Andrew married and lives in Philadelphia, Samuel explained.
Thy be alone? Mae inquired.
Looking over the hungry brood, he grumbled, Me guess, not for long.
Thank ye, Samuel. It only be until thee be settled, Mae interjected.
Me need help around thy farm, Samuel insisted. No freeloaders shall live here.
Thou dost not have to worry, Mae reassured him. Thou art good and strong workers.
Samuel nodded towards the house as they grabbed their baggage.
Thy shall be safe here for now, Mae whispered to Sarah. Samuel doth be grumpy, but thine wouldnt let the young ones be hungry.
Arnt, take thy horse in the barn and thy carriage back to town, then return before darkness, he instructed.
By that time, they put all of their baggage in the loft upstairs and with blankets, set up a sleeping area for the youngsters. Sarah and Mae would share a bed while Arnt would take the barn. Heading downstairs, Mae went straight to the pantry to whip up some ham and eggs while Sarah made cornbread. Samuels eyes lit up at the sight of the spread at the table.
Almost forget what a good cook you be, Samuel remarked.
Thou hath quite thy farm here, Mae observed.
Yay, there be at least ten acres, he conveyed. It be going good til Penelope died.
What was it from? Sarah asked curiously.
Sudden and unexpected. By the time me got the doctor, she be gone, he announced sadly.
I am so sorry, Sarah expressed.
Then, me boy took off to town, not liking thy work here, Samuel continued.
What is he doing in town? Sarah asked.
Working at thy wife, Marthas family seed store, he commented. His wife be pregnant now.
Methinks its wonderful that thou hath been found, Mae marveled at her good fortune as Arnt came barreling into the house.
Toby plans to sail with the Seamonger, though me be too young, according to the captain, Arnt muttered dejectedly.
Thats good. Me need an extra strong hand around here, Samuel disclosed.

Sarah relished the relaxed open air and cooler, less humid temperatures. While Arnt helped with the farming, Mae whipped the house in shape and Sarah tended to the garden. The children loved running about in open spaces, something they were restricted from doing while in Jamestown. Although Sarah wished to maintain a low profile, Mae would accompany Arnt into town for supplies, bringing seedlings for Sarah to grow her herb garden. Mae re-introduced herself to her nephew, Matthew, meeting his new wife, Betsy.

In the interim, the captain having missed Sarah was intent on finding her and bringing her home, but first he knew he must clear her name. So, he went through the local magistrate to indicate a discrepancy in the affidavit and contrary evidence with the intent to cause harm to another that was drawn up by Alice. While that was being investigated, he cornered Cecily as to her part in this matter which ended up in a heated argument.
I have entrusted her well-being with you as Godmother to her children, and you participated in undermining the both of us, resulting in her being jailed, the captain raged. 
Cecily backed down, knowing she had overstepped her bounds. My participation was only to protect you and your reputation in this town, Cecily claimed. Sarah had a shady past, and you were too infatuated to recognize it.
You better come clean, or I will assure you that you will wish the bloody hell you had, he ranted.
Now David, Cecily beseeched, It was only for your own good.
If you should want to be in my will to inherit anything should I die, you better rectify this, he warned her. Or it will all go towards my Godchildren.
The captain realized that Cecily might not care about Sarah and her children, but she definitely cherished wealth and her standing in the community. From the look on her face as she comprehended his intent, David knew he had hit home and she would do the right thing, even involuntarily.
After that, he waited for the return of the Seamonger to return to port. So, he occupied himself with legal and business matters, often remaining on the ship in his captain quarters since he wished to avoid Middle Plantation, and the clapboard had too many memories of Sarah. Though, the day he awaited for finally arrived as he spied the Seamonger docking. It didnt take long as he spied Toby unloading the cargo. At first circumventing him, he spoke with Captain Garrett who denied having seen someone with Sarahs description as a passenger on his ship, although he did verify the children from the description provided. He also indicated their departure from the ship in Philadelphia. Captain was confused until he had his seaman forcefully bring Toby to his cabin.
Where might Sarah and the children be? he demanded.
Why should it be thy concern? Ye abandoned her in time of need, Toby asserted defiantly.
Either tell me or Ill throw you in the brig for assisting a prisoner to escape, he barked at him.
But, Toby knew he dared not harm him, so he retorted. Like ye allowed them to do to Sarah. Do what ye want to with me, but ye dont deserve her.
The captain knew he was right, so he realized he would have to go about it in another more devious manner. Be off with you then for now, but not for long.
Toby gave the captain a disdainful look as the captain just glared after him. At least he came to know their general destination. Eventually, he would find her, but first he wished to clear her name.

Chapter Twenty-eight
While the captain grieved for his lost love, Sarah, in contrast, savored her newfound freedom. Being away from Jamestown with the ships and sailors as a reminder, she was actually able to come to terms with Johns passing. She was able to relax, not having to wonder who was pursuing or undermining her. It was the healing experience that she needed to truly move forward. She kept mostly to herself, tending to the children and her gardening, canning and preparing food for the winter. She reconnected with her mother and brother in a productive and loving manner and was actually contented for the first time in a long time in her life. 
Mae insisted that Sarah and the children accompany her to the newly constructed Presbyterian Church near Philadelphia. She felt it was important for Sarah to become involved in a social scene since it was extremely reclusive on the farm with no one around for miles. Sarah actually looked forward to the experience, grateful to begin anew. 
Pennsylvania or William Penns woods as it was named became a refuge for many who experienced religious persecution just as she did, she realized. People came from Massachusetts and numerous countries to start over again with many options of religious freedom. Sarah finally found camaraderie amongst the people which she could identify with and allowed her to worship in faith and tolerance. Matthew and Betsy, who attended the same church, introduced them to others and then invited them to remain for a church supper afterwards.
But, me hath brought naught, Mae panicked.
New members need not, Betsy reassured her. I am just so appreciative that you are here to assist with Samuel. It has been difficult on Matthew spending his time between the store and the farm to appease everyone, Betsy expressed. It has been so difficult since Penelope passed away. Having someone there is beneficial.
Especially for us, Sarah smiled.
Come, I would like to introduce you to my brother Luke, who also farms, Betsy suggested as she guided her over to him. He too has a young son, although his wife died in childbirth last year.
Sarah was polite, but felt extremely awkward at the introduction since she definitely wasnt seeking another husband, knowing it would just complicate her life at this time. She realized that there were too many unresolved issues yet to become involved with anyone. Though, she could tell that Luke took quickly to her. Overall, it was a pleasurable diversion from the mundane farm work. But, Sarah remained hesitant with involving herself in too much social interaction right now.
On the way home, Mae couldnt help but to acknowledge, Now, there be a nice young man for ye. Thou even be educated.
Mum, must I remind you that I am a wanted woman, most probably being pursued at this very moment. I dont need to complicate anyones life right now, especially not my own, Sarah reminded her.
Mae, ever the optimist, observed, Thy worried too much. Here, ye be safe.
Yes, either that or on the run again, Sarah responded.
Just see when it leads ye, Mae reassured her. Anyway, it be a marvelous day outside today. Thou has much to rejoice.
Sarah smiled. Yes, at least for the moment.

 The captain was instrumental in pressuring Alice with confessing her involvement in forging the document which indicted Sarah. In return, although shamed, because of her fathers prominence, she was not prosecuted. Realizing from his travels to Massachusetts that the children of the Salem community made up fabrications to implement others of witchcraft to cover-up their own travesties, brought on remorse from the involved magistrates from sentencing numerous to death. It became a blemish on their record. The captain then informed the local delegates of the magistrates involvement of causing many innocents to die based on the childrens involvement. It became the basis in persuading a delegate to write a letter indicating the magistrate was unwelcomed in their midst which the captain personally sent off. The captain hoped that this will resolve any of Sarahs pending charges and result in her acquittal. Yet, he needed her presence for it to be finalized. Now, he had to only find and persuade her to return with him to do so. 
The captain negotiated with Captain Garrett for the return of Toby to his ship that was bound for Philadelphia where he hoped to find her. In the interim, Sarah and her mum became more involved with the community. Betsy and her family invited them all over for a late summer picnic which they accepted one gorgeous sunny afternoon. Sarah realized that Luke and little Adam would be present. If nothing else Adam was the same age as Peter, and it would allow him some companionship. Sarah wore her best blue church dress which brought out the depth of her beautiful eyes. No sooner had they arrived than Luke was by Sarahs side escorting her to a seat. Mae smiled at her knowingly as Sarah just sighed in response.
It is nice that you could come, Miss Sarah, Luke began politely.
It is a lovely day, Sarah responded politely.
Not as lovely as you are, Luke remarked.
Why, thank you, Sarah replied, desiring to change the subject. Do tell me about your farm.
It is much the same as Samuels since we both acquired land at the same time from the Crown, he commented. Though, I do have one more cow than he does.
Samuel, who overheard this, countered with, But, me have one more horse and many more chickens than thy farm.
Luke laughed. We are always in competition, we are, he commented.
Where do you come from? Sarah inquired.
Originally, Ellen and I hailed from England; the Plymouth area. We came to avoid religious persecution and first landed in Boston. Though, we immigrated here to Pennsylvania after learning about the promise of free land advertised by William Penn. We are glad for the decision after all that was happening in Salem, he explained.
Sarah blushed again and nodded politely. It is a picturesque area with all of the rolling hills.
Yes, although the summers are nice, the winters can be quite cold, Luke continued.
At least there is less concern of the fever than from the southern colonies, Sarah conveyed.
That is another reason we chose to put down our roots here.  It is rumored it has affected many, Luke expressed.
Yes, it has, Sarah agreed, not wanting to provide too many details.
I have learned that we share a common past in that we both lost our spouses, he suggested.
Yes, my John was a sailor but never returned following a bad storm at sea. I waited for over a year but to no avail, Sarah disclosed.
And my Ellen died in childbirth along with my baby daughter last year, he mumbled, still deeply affected by the incident. 
It is difficult, but Ive had to go on for the other children. They need us, Sarah declared as Luke concurred.
Luke sighed still emotionally affected, and Sarah recognized the profound grief that remained deeply ingrained within him. It was only now that she was able to view her loss a bit more objectively, but it had taken over a year and a half to do so.
Peter seems to enjoy playing stickball with Adam, Sarah observed, eager to change the subject.
Yes, it is good to see him smile again without his mother. Fortunately his grandmum and Betsy have attempted to mother him as much as possible, Luke continued.
And Peter and Grace just adore their grandmum, Sarah maintained.
At least we are fortunate with that. May I get you a plate? Luke asked.
Yes, thank you, Sarah agreed politely.
The rest of the afternoon revolved around mannerly conversation while the children happily released their unending energy. Sarah had to admit it was a lovely afternoon.
On the way home in the horse and carriage, driven by Arnt, the children fell asleep as Mae observed, Me noticed that Luke seems to take a liking to ye. He be a fine-looking fella, he is.
Yes, Sarah admitted, although she thought that John and the captain were much more handsome. Yet, he is still grieving for his wife.
Tis sad, indeed. But, ye can make up for it if you so desired, Mae suggested.
He needs to work through it himself. He is just not ready to move forward right now. I can feel it, Sarah objected.
Well, me guess if tis meant to be, it will, Mae sighed as Sarah was glad to return home just to change the subject.

The captain was docking in Philadelphia, intent on locating Sarah. He put a guard on Toby whom he forced to accompany him; however, he was well compensated. More money was guaranteed for any more information as to Sarahs whereabouts. But Toby was not about to inform the captain about anything and was able to make a break for it when his guard was momentarily distracted. As fast and athletic as he was, he easily outran any of his pursuers, allowing him to escape.
His goal was to alert Sarah, although Toby wasnt aware of her exact location, never being there. But using his coinage, he secured a horse and managed to eventually locate his uncles farm through a variety of helpful neighbors. Though, unbeknownst to him, the captain had him followed, able to report back the exact location.

Upon arrival, Toby hid the horse in the barn and burst through the back door startling both Sarah and Mae.
Ye hath come home. What be thy hurry? Mae asked.
The captains in Philadelphia seeking Sarah. Me able to escape without giving thy information. Though, beware. The captain hath thy ways, Toby announced.
What does he want from me? Sarah asked.
The captain says he cleared thy name and desires to take ye back to Jamestown, Toby continued.
I dont wish to go back under any circumstances, Sarah asserted and then asked, How did he know where to find us?
He bribed Captain Garrett, and then paid him off for the use of me. Me couldnt escape until thy docked, Toby explained.
Thank you, but I can handle the captain, Sarah reassured him. What do you plan to do now?
I know not, Toby indicated.
Come, have something to eat and then Samuel needs ye help with thy harvest, Mae offered which Toby accepted. He knew he didnt want to be owned by the captain under any circumstances.

Toby, glad to hide, spent his time assisting Arnt with the farm work. It was a bumper year and much had to be canned for the winter which involved a continuous effort on Sarah and Maes part. Sarah just went on with her everyday business, alert but not overly concerned with the captains presence in the vicinity. Samuel, having to obtain supplies in town, took Mae with him by carriage and to return the borrowed horse. Mae knew all the needed supplies to continue with their canning project.
The farm, which had been under constant surveillance, was suddenly left vulnerable by their excursion. Sarah was slightly wary, but not overly concerned as she harvested from her vegetable garden while the boys worked the fields. This was when Sarah noticed a horse and carriage approaching, receiving the penetrating vibes of the captain.
Grace was napping inside as Sarah turned to tell Peter to go tell Toby the captain has come. Peter reluctantly ran off as the carriage stopped alongside Sarah.
Sarah, the captain greeted.
Captain, what brings you to these parts? Sarah asked.
You Sarah. We need to talk, he insisted, attempting to stifle a cough.
Then, come sit on the porch, she invited, offering him a drink. How did you come to find me?
I have my ways. I have come to tell you that I have cleared your name both in Middle Plantation and Jamestown. Your arrest was due to a forged document by Alice, and a delegate has written a letter to the magistrate of Massachusetts condemning him for his past actions. I seriously doubt after that we will see him in Middle Plantation anymore. However, you will have to formally be vindicated by the local magistrate, which can only be done by making an appearance in court, the captain informed her.
Thank you Captain for your effort for doing this for me, but I do not desire to return to my past, Sarah indicated. It only reminds me of my difficult times.
I wish to marry you, Sarah. I will protect you and your children. You will never have a worry from here on, the captain promised.
I still have a need to heal, and I am unable to make such a commitment at this time, Sarah indicated.
Is there another? the captain asked.
Sarah shook her head no. I cannot live where so much pain has been brought upon me. Here, I have found peace. I do not fit in the Middle Plantation society nor do I desire to live there. Jamestown reminds me of John and all the sadness surrounding it. I need to start over and leave the past behind. I feel I am able to do that here.
What if I built us a house here? the captain asked.
You wouldnt be happy for long. Your heart belongs at sea with your vessels. It is a difficult life, not just for the sailors but for those who are constantly left behind, Sarah alleged.
That I cannot deny, the captain conveyed. Though, I would like to visit with you and my Godchildren when I am in Philadelphia. I know that would please my mother, Rose since she so deeply cared for you.
As I have cared for her too. Yes, that is acceptable, Sarah concurred. I do appreciate all you have done for me and my children. I will be forever grateful.
Come spring, I will visit you again and hope for a change of heart by that time. Is that acceptable to you? the captain inquired.
Yes, you are welcomed anytime you are in port, Sarah agreed sweetly.
Very well then; my ship awaits me. Though, I would truly appreciate if you would allow me one last memory before I leave, he requested as he gently stood her up and gave her an affectionate embrace. Fare thee well. You shall always be close to my heart.
As you are to mine. Godspeed, Captain, Sarah declared as they parted. He then kissed her hand and wrapped something within it before departing.

Immediately after the captain left, Toby came running through the fields with Peter.
Are ye all right? he queried out of breath.
Yes, I just bid the captain farewell, she explained, opening her hand to notice the blue sapphire.
What might that be? Toby asked as Sarah gazed at it.
It is a parting gift from the captain, Sarah explained as she went upstairs to put it safely away, finding Grace wide awake from her nap. Picking her up, she went downstairs just as her mum came rushing in.
Me just passed thy captain on the way back! Mae exclaimed.
Yes, Sarah sighed. He was here to say his good-byes before another voyage.
Did thee propose? Mae asked, wide-eyed.
Only if I returned to Virginia to clear my name, even though he was able to accomplish most of that for me. But, my heart doesnt lie in Virginia anymore. It is here now. Perhaps, you were right about Luke. We have so much in common that we could make a good life together. Would you mind if I invited him to supper after church next Sunday? Sarah asked, determined to go on with her life.
Yay, me knew he had his eye on ye, Mae smiled with a knowing look.
He is a very nice man, but I will not hastily make any decisions until next spring about such matters, Sarah declared, still conflicted after seeing the captain once again.
Anyway, me shall be glad to make thy wedding gown once ye have decided, her mum promised as Sarah just smiled.

Chapter Twenty-nine
It was another snowy winter as Sarah and her mum readied themselves for Christmas with the children. Sarah realized that it would be much simpler than the previous year when there were so many gifts exchanged. But, coinage was limited, and Sarah could never bear to part with the sapphire which she kept secretly hidden. Every so often she would take it out and remember the finer times together with the captain, in between the sadness and losses. Sarah appreciated that he was so generous and kind to her during her difficult times.
Toby, after the harvest, went to Philadelphia and managed to secure work on a ship heading for the West Indies for the winter. Mae was despondent bidding him farewell, but knew he had acquired sea legs and would never be satisfied in the small farmhouse amongst all the children. He liked his space and freedom. However, Arnt was still too young, and Mae was glad for his assistance around the homestead.
Luke was a proud and patient suitor as Sarah and the families would have dinner most every Sunday, either at Betsys place or at the farmhouse. Adam and Peter became good friends, playing with their wooden toys or stickball when the weather was acceptable. Sarah, Luke and the children gathered up boughs of fresh greenery to decorate for Christmas. Much of the time was spent embellishing it with pieces of ribbon, lace, and berries. Mae made some candles to set in the middle, and the farmhouse glowed in a beautiful Christmas dcor.
Me say, tis lovely, Mae observed.
Yes, we have made it festive similar to Middle Plantation, Sarah agreed with her mind wandering back to the captain and wondering where he spent Christmas. Probably out to sea, she figured.
The children enjoyed the little homemade gifts of scarves and mittens. Samuel and Arnt made them a sled to be pulled around in the snow which gave them many hours of fun and excitement. Sarah and Mae spent countless cold evenings sewing warm quilts to keep them warm as the children slept.
Have thou given any more consideration to Luke? Mae asked Sarah.
He is, indeed, a very nice man, and Adam and Peter play as brothers, Sarah observed, Though, nothing has been said about a commitment.
His year of mourning should be over soon, Mae remarked.
Though, at times, it takes longer than a year to be able to move forward as I well know, Sarah responded.
Have you thought about the captain? Mae asked.
Yes, but oddly when he visited, I felt that he was not well, but I wasnt able to figure out what was the matter, Sarah expressed.  
Traveling all around, thou could have caught something, me suppose. That is why me have concern for Toby, Mae confessed.
It could have something to do with his smoking tobacco. Last time there was a sickness, it took longer for him to recover, Sarah admitted. Though, fortunately, he does have Renny there to nurse him along if necessary.
Thy captain is almost as old as me, Mae commented.
Dont you worry. You have me to take care of you, Sarah reassured her.
Yay and for that, me be thankful, Mae acknowledged.

Spring finally arrived as the snows melted and the early flowers bloomed, but there was still no word from Toby or the captain and Mae was becoming anxious.
Now me can understand ye waiting for thy ships to return, Mae maintained forlornly. Tis not easy.
No, its not. It keeps one always on edge, Sarah admitted.

Finally, on a warm spring day, Luke approached Sarah asking her to accompany him on a carriage ride and picnic. Sarah, who was ready to enjoy the beautiful day, agreed. So, together, Luke found the perfect spot on a small hill overlooking a lake. Helping Sara from the carriage, Sarah placed a blanket on the grassy slope as Luke carried the picnic basket.
Tis a lovely day, Luke remarked casually.
Indeed, it is, Sarah agreed.
Tis a long winter, he continued.
Yes, but it promises to be a delightful spring, Sarah observed.
Yes, especially with you in it, Luke proclaimed as Sarah blushed.
I have brought us a fine picnic lunch. Are you hungry? Sarah asked.
Yes, but first I wish to speak with you, Luke explained as he hesitated. Then, Sarah knew what he was going to say before he continued. It has been over a year since my Ellen died, so it is proper now to ask you to be my wife.
Sarah blushed in response, not knowing how to respond at first, but finally mumbled, Are you sure you are ready for this? Sometimes a year is not long enough.
Yes. I was sure the very first moment I saw you, Luke confessed. Adam and Peter are friends now, and together we will be good for one another.
But, it takes love to be married, Sarah interjected.
And love I have for you, Luke added, taking out a small promise ring. Will you accept this?
Sarah smiled unsure, but not wanting to ruin the afternoon whispered yes as Luke put the ring on her finger.
Tis lovely, Sarah admired it as Luke bent over to kiss her.
Yes, it was my mums originally. You only need to set a day to wed, Luke suggested. I shall speak with the pastor.
 I would like my brother Toby to be here for it, and need to wait until he returns from his voyage, Sarah commented, hoping to bide her time.
If you so wish, Luke concurred as they shared the contents of the picnic basket.

Mae was extremely excited when Sarah returned home, although Sarah was somewhat conflicted still wondering about the whereabouts of the captain. Lately, whenever she thought about him, it gave her an overwhelming feeling of sadness. She hadnt heard from him or had any communication whatsoever about Toby or his ships. It became endless, to the point that every time Arnt and Mae went to town to pick up supplies, they would wander by the wharfs while Sarah remained home with the children. 
Ye must head for thy harbor again, Mae insisted during another such trip, There, thy can ask some questions about Toby.
Arnt, who was jealous of his brothers adventures, didnt hesitate to agree. As they approached, Mae suddenly noticed the English Rose docked.
Doth thy captains ship? Mae asked.
Thy believe so, Arnt replied as they tied up the carriage to approach the wharfs. Though, as they began to climb the ramp, they were halted by a seaman.
Halt ye, he demanded. What business do ye have?
Me seeking thy son, Toby Cummings? Mae inquired.
Nay, hear of him, the seaman stated.
Doth this be Captain McManus ship? Mae continued.
At one time, but now it be Captain Garretts, the seaman announced.
 Where be Captain McManus? Mae persisted.
Thy know him? the seaman questioned.
Yay, he be acquaintance of thy family, Mae informed him.
There be Captain Garrett. Ask thyself, the seaman suggested.
 Allowing them to board, Mae repeated virtually the same conversation as Captain Garrett invited them into his captains quarters.
 Are you the mother of Sarah? Captain Garrett inquired
Yay and Arnt doth be thy son, Mae concurred.
I have been sent here to deliver this letter to your daughter, Sarah, Captain Garrett began. It is with sadness that I must inform you that the captain has succumbed to consumption.
Mae and Arnt just stared at Captain Garrett in utter shock as the captain continued, There is a representative aboard who is currently visiting with a lawyer in town. The captain bequeathed this ship to her. The lawyer holds the details, but I believe this letter will provide all the information.
Speechless as Mae was, Captain Garrett handed her the letter as Mae finally mumbled, Thank ye, Captain. Me shall give this to Sarah. Arnt and me be saddened by thy news. Though, if ye please, me doth also seek thy son, Toby Cummings.
Yes, Captain Garrett acknowledged. He is reveling with the other sailors in the taverns, though he goes by the name of Dex around the ship.
Thank ye, Captain, Mae conveyed. Me doth appreciate thy time.
And I yours. Your visit saved me much time and effort of finding you and your daughter, Captain Garrett disclosed.

Upon their return home, Sarah was inconsolable when Mae informed her of the captains passing. She never realized how much he meant to her until now that he was gone. She took the letter from her mum and walked out to a quiet place amongst the trees to read it. She held it to her breast and took a big breath before opening it. It read:

My dearest Sarah,

 If you are reading this, I am no longer here. Last year, I wanted to visit with you one last time, though I knew I was unwell; however, I was in denial. Sadly, the consumption has racked my lungs, and the only thing for which I am grateful is that I was given time to put my affairs in order.
 I have always relished your presence in my life. As you are aware, you reminded me of my beloved betrothed from long ago before she died. I was given the opportunity to provide for you and your children all that I was unable to with my Amelia. For that I am thankful, for you and your children have brought great joy to both mine and my mothers hearts. Though now, do not be sad for I once again look forward to being with my beloved Amelia once again.
I have sent a representative to visit with a lawyer named Gerald Large with whom I have set up a trust in both you and your childrens names as their Godfather when I was last in the vicinity. I have bequeathed the English Rose to you, and Mr. Large will convey to you several options concerning it. Though, it was my intention that it could be used to obtain your herbs and medicines to make your healing teas and potions in addition to other necessities.
There is also a sum of money entrusted for my Godchildren to provide for them and their future education when the time comes. Please accept it with gratitude for all that youve done to provide meaning and enjoyment once again in my life.

With loving wishes,
Captain

Sarah refolded the letter and returned it to its envelope as she wept. It was so sudden, unlike Johns passing which was never resolved. She would always be thankful to the captain, knowing that he was put into her life for a reason; one that she would be eternally grateful. Sarah took a big breath to compose herself, not wanting her children to see her distraught as she returned to the house. Now that she realized her decision had been made for her through fate, she would set an actual wedding date with Luke. He was a decent man, she realized, who was a hard worker and would be a good father to her two children. It was time to move forward for everyones sake to begin her new life.

Epilogue:
Sarah came to realize through Gerald Large that the ship, the English Rose was put into her name alone. She decided to keep it, retaining Captain Garrett with both Toby and Arnt as part of the crew. It sailed between South America, the West Indies, Middle Plantation which was renamed Williamsburg and Philadelphia.
Sarah and Luke were married in July at the Presbyterian Church. Luke was able to purchase more land and animals, and their farmhouse was expanded to house the three children between them and two more that followed. Mae moved in once Samuel remarried a woman with older children.
Renny and Cuthry, who were both freed, were soon wed. Realizing that Pennsylvania was more tolerant, they chose to joined Sarah and her family in Bucks County. They built a small cabin on the property and both assisted in various capacities as paid staff on the expanding farm.
Between Sarah and Renny, they were able to use their gifts to grow herbs and heal many people in their parts. Because of this, Sarah found her true purpose in life, knowing that she was finally accepted with respect and love from all who came to know her.
The End

Bibliography:
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_plants_used_in_herbalism
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Salem_witch_trials
www.smithsonianmag.com/history/a-brief-history-of-the-  salem-witch-trials-1751624
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/History_of_Williamsburg,Virginia
www.jimella,me.uk/herbs
www.colonialdiseasedigitaltextbook.wikispaces
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/History_of_Philadelphia

To leave any comments or for other books and synopsis, 
please refer to www.peggymcgeebooks.com

Biography of Peggy McGee:
Peggy McGee, author of the Psychic Sara Series" and the Taryn Teen Trilogy taught school, covering many grade levels and college courses in various states, during the first part of her employment years. She has a BS and MS in Education, to include Social Sciences and a Reading Specialty. Most recently, prior to retirement, she was involved with the elderly providing for their psycho-social needs. During this time, she published many newsletters; however, her ultimate goal was to always become an author. 
She has three grown children, four adorable grandchildren and currently lives with her husband in Michigan.
