

Lamia's Fists

By D. Omars

Smashwords Edition
Copyright  2014 D. Omars
License Notes: This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this ebook with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with. If youre reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then you should return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Ebook formatting by www.ebooklaunch.com

Table of Contents
About the World.
Prologue: The Rise and Fall.
Chapter 1: Meeting an Angel
Chapter 2: The Return.
Chapter 3: Forgiveness.
Chapter 4: Fighter's Spirit.
Chapter 5: The First Step
Chapter 6: Back In The Ring
Chapter 7: A Learned Joy
Chapter 8: Improvement.
Chapter 9: Results
Chapter 10: The Worst Match Up
Chapter 11: Is It Enough?
Chapter 12: It All Comes To This
Chapter 13: Searching for Passion
Chapter 14: Let's Dance
Chapter 15: Mathematics
Chapter 16: Time for the Test
Chapter 17: What Did I Get?
Chapter 18: Is This Good-bye?
Chapter 19: The Specter vs. The Maniac
Chapter 20: Upgrade
Chapter 21: A Moment Of Rest

About the World.
In the 1960s, the world witnessed an event that would last for years to come: the revelation that mythological creatures were more than just a myth. They have existed for thousands of years, but the humans from ancient times weren't very accepting of them. Some humans feared the creatures' bodies: the tails, the horns, the eyes, the wings, and the scales, anything that didn't resemble a human being. Other humans used them for their own agendas: warriors hunted down any creature they encountered, believing that killing one would bring them glory. Religious human leaders used them to preach about the humans' gods and pointed the creatures as demons or mistakes. Merchants used the creatures' body parts as merchandise that humans would buy as accessories or ingredients for their drugs or potions. Others turned the creatures into slaves. Some would work in hard labor, others would serve in the armies of empires, and others would be used for pleasure. The creatures had non-human qualities, but they also had human ones.
Not everyone was against the creatures. Some humans took pity of the creatures and gave them refuge against discrimination. Others believed that the creatures were people, living beings with a consciousness. Others believed that all life deserved to live free among the humans. Others believed the creatures to be celestial beings from the heavens, a blessing to the world. Others simply believed that it was the right thing to do. After all, once the humans saw into the creatures' eyes, the humans saw something more than a monster, they saw someone. Those humans were the few, the ones who let their reason govern over their aggressiveness and desire, the ones who believed that they could co-exist with the creatures, the ones that saw that the creatures were not so different.
The human being was as magnificent as it was horrible, and the creatures were no different. Some were criminals, killing and stealing the poor, the weak, and the defenseless. Others used the trust of the kind and the just for their own desires. Others ruled with an iron fist, with corruption, and with lies, while their subjects died of hunger and disease. Then, there were the ones who believed that they should co-exist with the humans. Some wanted to live in peace with their families and friends. Others believed that they deserved the same right to live in the same world as the humans because of a higher power. Others simply didn't see the problem for both races to live together in harmony and peace.
Unfortunately, no progress was made around that time and the creatures decided to disappear, away from human civilizations. The creatures moved into areas that humans couldn't reach by normal means. Some creatures moved into the top of mountains, others moved into dangerous areas that humans didn't dare to explore, others moved to the bottom of the ocean. Over time, the creatures became a memory, then they became a legend, then they became folklore, then they became a myth. In the end, the creatures turned into nothing more than fairy tales that humans told to children before going to sleep. Those mythological beings never forgot about the humans, since those beings were everywhere, especially certain beings that were all female. And so, the creatures waited, waited for the moment they could finally come out of their caves, their mountains, and the sea to once again roam the earth.
The time was coming. In the 1920's, human explorers discovered the hidden places of those beings, which was a big surprise to the humans. Those mythological beings thought the humans would flee in terror or attack them. To the surprise of those mythological beings, the human explorers were filled with awe and wonder, especially since some records of those beings were exaggerated. For example, the harpy wasn't grotesque at all, their arms were wings and their legs were those of a bird, but the rest was human-looking. The legs of a Lamia were fused into a long snake tail and their eyes were those of a snake, but everything else was human. The human explorers conversed with those beings, ate with them, played with them, and some even fell in love with them. The human explorers that went back to their own countries gave the news to their colleagues. Unfortunately, the human explorers were ridiculed, they were called liars or delusional people, but those news didn't escape the government. The government listened to the human explorers, read their documents, watched their drawings, and made a decision. The government would wait for the perfect time to reveal those beings to society, believing that society wasn't ready. That lasted for 40 years, until the Bill of Rights was passed. That was when the government decided that it was time to reveal those beings, who were more than happy for it.
A few humans disagreed with that decision, mostly religious people, but most of the public were more than happy for those beings to live with them. The public didn't know how to call those beings, if they should say monster or Lamia, or Harpy, or Mermaid, it was all too confusing. So, the humans decided to call them the inter-species people, since most of them were both human and animal combined. The blending into the human society wasn't as hard as some believed, especially after the Bill of Rights was passed. The inter-species people were everywhere, from cities, to towns, to neighborhoods. The inter-species people have made their families, some with their fellow inter-species people, and others with humans. Some people were against the idea of a human and an inter-species person making a family because they were of different species and it may only produce inter-species people, but that was proven wrong. There was a 50% chance that the offspring would be human or an inter-species person because the DNA of the inter-species people was part human. Humans saw the inter-species people no matter where they went. The inter-species people were in jobs, in schools, in homes, and even in sports. Unfortunately, humans and inter-species people couldn't participate together in sports because the inter-species people had an unfair advantage over the humans. So, it was decided to keep both groups separate. The inter-species people were still part of the humans' sport organizations, but others had to be developed. The humans had a voice in political matters as much as the inter-species people. Some of the inter-species people were actually mayors, and even presidents.
In modern times, both the humans and inter-species people have lived in relative peace and harmony, as much as it was possible. There were still fights and crimes, riches and poverty, but all of that would have existed even without the inter-species people in the world. The inter-species people had blended so well, that for the humans, it was like looking at anybody else in the street. It could be said that, the world was never the same, and yet, it felt as if it was from the beginning.

Prologue: The Rise and Fall.
There was a girl, a very peculiar girl. She was a very peculiar girl because she was a Lamia, one of the races of the inter-species people. As a Lamia, the girl was half-snake and half-human, who possessed a strong snake tail, which started from their hips and below the waist. She also possessed snake-like eyes and, like other snakes, susceptibility to the cold. It was expected that the girl would be born female, since Lamias were an all-female race. She was with her human father, Rick Anderson, and her Lamia mother, Laila Anderson. Her father was an average man, not too tall, not too small, but his hair was completely black and he was of fair-white skin. The girl's mother was a Lamia with hair as brown as her scales, eyes as blue as the sea, and her skin was of fair-white complexion. The couple's daughter was born with those qualities. Hair and scales as black as night, her eyes as blue and deep as the sea, and with fair-white skin. The girl's mother gave her the name of Lea because the mother believed that it was a beautiful name, and her husband agreed with her. The couple loved Lea dearly, and Lea loved her parents just as much. Rick and Laila weren't rich, they lived in a poor neighborhood in California, but they were decent people that didn't get into any problem. They lived in a small apartment with two bedrooms, a living room, a bathroom, and a kitchen. Everything was going as the parents expected, until Lea was in elementary school at the young age of 9.
Instead of playing with dolls, playing house, or talking about singers or models, Lea started to show interest in sports, like soccer, football, baseball, and so on. She showed interest in action movies and video games. Her interest in clothing also changed, she started to dislike what she considered 'girly' clothes. Instead, she wanted something more practical, for example: pants, t-shirts, and sport hats. Of course, certain items had to be made for inter-species people, especially since Lea had a tail instead of legs. For example, the pants for Lamias were actually skirts, but some of the designs made the Lamias look at the skirts as pants. Then, what really grabbed the attention of Lea's parents, was the fact that Lea paid more attention to girls instead of boys, and not as simple friends. Laila was worried about that, since Lamias were a race of only female, so she considered marrying a man very important. That idea had been changing over time, but some Lamias still held to it. Preferring not to do anything at the moment, both of Leas parents simply decided to wait and hope that Lea would start to act the way she was supposed to as she grew older. Unfortunately, Leas classmates were not as passive as her parents. Some started to call Lea weird because she was acting like a boy, others would call her a freak because she was interested in girls and not in boys. Some would go as far as start bullying her, throwing her stuff and pushing her. They wouldn't go too far with her, since she could use her tail to trap them or strike them with it, so they did most of that behind her back. Lea talked to her teachers about how the other kids treated her, but it didn't seem to do much. The kids simply tried to put more caution in their actions so they wouldnt get caught. Since Lea couldnt stop the kids after talking to her teachers, she talked to her parents about it.
"Mom, Dad, I got to tell you something" Said Lea as she approached her parents in their bedroom. They were both in bed and close to each other.
"What is it, sweetie?" Asked Laila, who put her book down to give her full attention to Lea. Laila clearly saw that Lea was distressed.
"I don't want to go to school." That caught the attention of Rick, who was watching a game on the television.
"Why? Did something happen?" Asked Rick with worry in his voice.
"There are some kids in school that are bothering me. They call me names like 'freak', 'weirdo', and they push me too."
"Have you told your teachers about this?"
"I did, but they still keep doing those mean things to me and I don't know what to do."
Rick and Laila had an idea as to why that was happening and more than expected that to happen to Lea. They simply didn't know how they could tell Lea that maybe it was because of the things she did and the way she dressed. Laila was the first to tell Lea about it, since Rick was thinking of a way to say it.
"Well, maybe they don't like the things that you do."
"What things?" Asked Lea in confusion.
"You know, playing sports, talking about video games, stuff like that."
"But I like doing those things, I see other kids do that."
"But those are boy things, not girl things. You should be playing with dolls and the like."
"Those things are boring, I don't like that." Rick and Laila saw in Lea's face that Lea considered it something awful.
"You're a girl, sweetie. Those are things that you should like."
Instead of trying to help their own daughter, which they wanted to do, it seemed to have turned into a scolding and an argument without any one realizing it.
"I don't understand, I have to do things that I don't like just because they don't like it?" After hearing that question, Rick started to realize that something was about to start if no one stopped the conversation.
"Honey, maybe we should leave this conversation for another time." Rick said to Laila, but she wasnt in favor of that.
"We shouldn't wait any longer, things could only get worse and it might be too late if we don't do something about it."
"Why are you blaming me for it? I never did anything to them, they started first." Said Lea, and her eyes started to water up because it seemed unfair to her that they were saying that as if it was her fault that the kids were bullying her.
"Is not what you're doing, is the way you act." Said Rick, who tried to avoid an argument, but didn't realize that he was getting into it.
"What do you mean?" As far as Lea knew, she was just being herself and nothing else.
"You act like a boy, that's simply not something a girl should be doing." Answered Laila.
"But I'm not acting, I'm just been me. Don't you love me?" Tears were flowing down Lea's cheeks.
"Of course we love you. This is just a phase that you're going through, not who you are. You're too young to know these things." Rick's response made it sound as if he was just blowing it off.
"You're lying, you just saying that, if you love me, then you wouldn't be saying that its my fault that this is happening to me, you wouldn't be telling me to do something I don't want to do. You wouldn't be telling me to change who I am."
"Lea, don't call your parents liars, show some respect." Said Laila.
"But-"
"Listen to your mother, Lea. Now go to your room. We're going to your school tomorrow morning and talk with your teachers about those kids bothering you, and that's final." Rick put an end to the argument, hoping to have some peace for the rest of the day. That was final for Lea. She couldn't understand why they said such a thing, why they would blame her for it, and why they would want her to change. After that, Lea started going back to her room, but not before she left something that would hurt her parents more than anything.
"I hate you!!" Lea screamed to her parents, slid to her room as quickly as her tail could take her, and slammed the door as hard as she could.
Her parents were in shock after listening their own daughter scream those words to them. Still, they held on to their decision. They wanted Lea to stop acting like a boy and more like she was supposed to. Even though they had that in mind, they couldn't shake the sadness that was growing inside of them. That was just the beginning of how they lost their daughter.
The next day, Rick and Laila went to Lea's school and talked to the teachers about the problems that their daughter was having in school. Lea didn't care if they told the teachers anything or not, Lea didn't believe that her parents were trying to help her, she believed that they blamed her for it. Days passed and everything seemed the same to Rick and Laila, but they knew that it wasn't the case. Lea started to isolate herself from her parents, she didn't smile the way she used to do, she didn't even seem to feel happy anymore. One day in school, the kids that were bullying her decided to ambush her. It was a group of 3 human boys who decided that it would be fun to attack a Lamia, which they thought would make them famous in school. They came up with the idea to grab Lea's tail, which was the most dangerous thing that Lamias possessed. When Lea was alone in the corner of the playground, the group of boys came out of nowhere and 2 of them grabbed Lea's tail, while their other friend started approaching her from the front. The boy started to taunt Lea and push her around. Lea tried to defend herself, but her tail was held in place. Without her tail, Lea decided to use the only other weapon that she had: her fists. Lea's time playing in sports had helped her develop strong arms. Lea used those arms to easily knock the boy in front of her with a straight punch to his face. After seeing their friend go down, the other 2 boys decided to simply leave their friend behind and ran away. Soon after that, it came to the attention of a teacher, who called Lea's parents. Rick and Laila had a talk with Lea about it, but Lea didn't care anymore. Lea believed that they weren't on her side anymore and that kind of accident kept going for a while. Some of the kids in school started to be afraid of Lea, but she didn't care. After all, Lea decided to consider everyone her enemy and preferred to be left alone.
Lea reached the age of 14 years old, second year in high school, and she didn't change one bit. That was worrying Rick and Laila because they thought that Lea's attitude would go away, but they started to realize that it may not be the case anymore. Either way, they always kept the hope that it would change one day. Lea still looked kind of boyish, except that she left her hair grow all the way to back-length. She had been getting into fights with other kids back in elementary school because they wanted to fight a Lamia to look cool. In high school, it seemed to be more frequent because of the same reason as before. The difference was that it also included other inter-species people, like Centaurs, Harpies, and many others. 
Centaurs were half-human, half-horse, making them taller than a normal human. They were powerful beings, able to lift a normal person with a single arm, but a big and strong body like that tended to need large amounts of food. They also produced lots of heat for a normal being, so they preferred places that were cold. In legend, they were considered to be wise teachers in hunting and combat, but they were also considered barbarians that should be killed. Some of those stories were exaggerated, since the Centaurs were pretty normal beings, some good in nature, others more evil and corrupt. The male Centaur was left alone, but their females were another story. The female Centaur was believed to be incredibly beautiful, making many nobles wish to have one as either their trophy or slave. Over time, those desires disappeared, and Centaurs became normal citizens. 
Unfortunately for Lea, she had to deal with Centaurs, and talking was never a choice. Lea's attackers didn't seem to learn from the others that have faced her. They still believed that the most dangerous thing about Lea was her tail, which was true, but she would also use her fists. She could pretty much knock anyone down with a single punch. She had no friends, didn't need any nor wanted any friends, and everyone knew that she was a lesbian, which Lea didn't care if they knew or not. Until she met Ciara, a pretty, blonde human, with gray eyes, fair-white skin, and a good pair of D-cups. They were at lunch on that day, Lea was eating alone in a bench as far away from the others as possible, but Ciara was looking straight at Lea. Ciara was interested in Lea because of her reputation as one of the toughest students in the whole school, and Ciara wanted to get some of that fame for herself. Ciara wasn't a lesbian, but it didn't matter as long as she got what she wanted. That day, she decided to wear the most provocative clothes that she could get. A red seamless tank top, which showed a well amount of cleavage, with a small black jacket on top, black aphrodite denim shorts, and small black boots. She also put some earrings and red lipstick to help her look even sexier. With everything prepared, she walked straight to Lea, sat on the table that Lea was using, and Ciara crossed her legs.
"Well, hello there." Ciara talked to Lea with the most seductive voice that Ciara could use.
"Hey." Lea was wearing a white t-shirt, and black pants. She was doing nothing more than eating her lunch, a small cheeseburger, a soda, and some fries. At that moment, there was someone ruining her lunch by not leaving her alone. Lea wasn't looking at Ciara, hoping that she would get the message to leave Lea alone real fast.
"What's your name?" Ciara actually knew Lea's name, the whole school knew Lea, but Lea never met Ciara in person.
"Depends on who wants to know."
"Someone that is very interested in a tough girl like you." Ciara had heard that Lea was a loner, pretty much keeping anyone far away from her, but Ciara already expected that. The moment that Lea laid eyes on Ciara, she would get Lea, it was just a matter of time. Lea got tired of whatever that girl was doing, so Lea started to turn her head towards the girl.
"Listen, can you just-" The words died in Lea's mouth the moment she laid eyes on Ciara, or her breasts to be precise. Lea had seen her fair share of beautiful girls, but that one was on the top of her list, and that girl was talking to Lea. Lea dropped the french fry she was about to eat without noticing.
"Like the view?" Ciara was quite glad that she got a nice reaction from the toughest student in the whole school.
"VeryI meanthey're good, but I've seen better." Lea tried to sound cool.
"I'm sure you have. After all, what girl can resist such a strong woman like yourself?" Ciara knew that Lea was just acting tough. Ciara saw Lea's cheeks turning a slight red, showing the effect that she had over Lea.
"One who hasn't seen these muscles?" With that said, Lea pulled her right sleeve and flexed her arm, revealing that all those years of playing sports and fighting had giving her quite the muscles. Ciara didn't waste such an opportunity like that and started to look at the arm.
"Now that's quite the arm, can I touch it?" Ciara was actually surprised to see it. Lea truly lived to the reputation of 'the toughest in the school', and Ciara could see that she was about to get what she wanted.
"Go ahead." With that said, Ciara grabbed Lea's arm and started to examine it. She could feel the tough muscles of Lea's arm, but the skin felt smooth, which was surprising because Lea didn't care about cosmetics.
"Such muscles, I wonder if it's the same with your abs." Ciara was been careful not to upset Lea, but Ciara was actually curious about Lea's abs.
"Why don't you find out for yourself?" Asked Lea in a smooth voice, since she was enjoying Ciara's exploration. Then, Lea lifted her shirt, just enough for her abdomen to show.
"I would like that." Ciara responded with a sexy voice and got closer to Lea. Ciara started exploring Lea's abs, which they didn't disappoint either. Packs were already forming, but now that Ciara took a good look, Lea's chest was pretty close to B-cups, but they were nicely shaped. Lea was the good image of strength and beauty. All of it was about to belong to Ciara very soon, she could feel it. Ciara could have continued, but the bell ringed, signaling the end of lunch. Both of them groaned in annoyance, Ciara because she could no finish her business and Lea because it had to end so quickly for her. Lea didn't even finish her lunch, but that was the least of her worries at the moment. "Maybe we can continue this some other time?" Lea was obviously flirting, and her tail coiled around Ciara's waist and pulled Ciara close to Lea. Then, Ciara put her arms around Lea's neck and said.
"Of course." Ciara knew that she got what she wanted in her grasp.
That marked the beginning of their relationship, and all of the school knew about it very shortly. Everyone knew that Ciara was with Lea, but most of them knew Ciara was with Lea mostly for interest. Ciara wanted to be with Lea because of her reputation, or infamy depending on who was answering, and nothing else. Lea's parents never found out about it because Lea didn't talk to them as much as they wanted, and she kept it a secret for a whole year. Ciara and Lea went on dates every once in a while. Most of those times, they would eat somewhere, and after their meals, they would walk around. Not all of those dates were as peaceful as Lea and Ciara wanted. Some students from the school would pick a fight with Lea, and she wasn't the type to run away. Lea always came out of a fight victorious, no matter how many they brought with them. Unfortunately, when Rick was going back home, he saw Lea with Ciara. Rick didn't know it, but they were on a date. Of course, that information was unnecessary because Rick could see that they were holding hands and were very close to each other. Rick didn't call for Lea. Instead, he went back home and told Laila about what he saw. They decided to talk to their daughter about it because their fears were coming true. Lea was dating other girls instead of a boy. When Lea got back home, her parents were waiting for her.
"Lea, we need to talk." Said Rick with a serious face.
"Okay, what is it?" Asked Lea.
"Let's talk in the living room." After Rick said that, they went to the living room, which wasn't that big. They had an old TV in there and a large sofa with a lamp on its right side. Lea saw her mother already sitting on the sofa and Laila had the same serious face as Rick.
"Sit down, sweetie." Said Laila while patting the middle of the sofa, indicating Lea where to sit. Lea took a seat and Rick sat on the other side of the sofa. Once they were all sitting down, the conversation started, and they didn't beat around the bush. "Lea, your father saw you with someone on the streets, who was she?"
"A friend from school." Lea was lying because she knew that if she told the truth, it would go badly.
"Is that so? How come you never told us about her?" Rick knew that it was a lie. After all, he saw them together in the streets.
"It never came up." Lea knew that it was a bad excuse, but it was the best she could come up with.
"Lea, tell us the truth, I saw you two together and it wasn't just as friends."
"If you saw already, then why are you asking?" Lea's parents didn't like the sound of defiance in her voice.
"Just tell the truth. Who was she?" Laila didn't like her daughter's attitude with them. Laila was expecting it, since it had been the same for years, but she still didn't like it.
"Okay, fine, she's my girlfriend, happy now?" Lea got tired of that, especially since she knew where it was going.
"Lea, that's no way to talk to your parents, and what are you doing with a girl? You should be dating boys, not girls, what's going on with you?" Laila was about to panic, realizing that her worst fear was happening. Their daughter was actually a lesbian.
"There's nothing wrong with me. This is exactly why I didn't tell you anything because I knew that you would react like this." Lea decided to get up from the sofa because she felt like they were surrounding her to attack her from every direction.
"This is simply something that you shouldn't be doing, it's just not right."
"Why not? What's so wrong about it? Why can't you accept that this is who I am?" Anger could be heard in Lea's voice. The conversation was already turning into an argument, and not going the way that Lea's parents wanted.
"Because not everyone would accept that, people are going to attack you because of it." Worry could be heard in Laila's voice. After all, she just wanted to keep her daughter safe.
"Why do I have to change just because some people don't like the way I am? Why should I even care? That's their problem, not mine."
"Because that's how society is, there's a certain way that you must act in it."
"Then who would I be? How could I live in a place that doesn't let me be who I am?"
"What about children? Two girls can't make a family, have you thought about that?" Laila was getting frustrated.
"There are other ways to make one, like adoption and the sorts." Lea was just getting angrier as the conversation kept going. "Why are you so worried about it anyways?"
"We just want you to be happy, nothing else." Said Rick, who was trying to calm the both of them because he noticed that the conversation was getting out of control.
"Then why don't you just leave me alone and just accept me for who I am?"
"Because you're acting like a dyke trying be a man!" Laila would have kept going, but she realized what she said out of frustration and panic. Lea heard it, from her own mother, so she did the only thing that a person at that age would do in a moment like that: She slid out of the apartment.
"Lea, wait!" Rick tried to catch her, but she was faster than him. Laila could only stand in the living room, with horror on her face, realizing that she might have driven her daughter away.
"What have I done?" That was the only thing Laila could say at the moment, and no one could answer for her.
Lea was sliding as fast and as far as her tail could take her. Lea wasn't going anywhere in particular, she simply didn't want to be near her parents. Without realizing it, Lea reached the commercial area of the city. Lea was trying to avoid crying on the streets, and she was thankful that she was good at it, or it would have been humiliating. Lea slid by restaurants, pawn shops, cafes, all sorts of stores in the area. She saw, not only humans, but also Centaurs walking around, Harpies flying or walking, Arachnes were actually walking on the buildings. Lea figured that she would go back, since she had nowhere else to go. Lea just needed a moment alone to calm down, then she would go back to her room, and that was it. Lea didn't even think of that place as her home, her parents didn't want to accept her for who she was, they wanted to turn her in whatever they wanted, and she just didn't feel like letting them do that. She didn't feel anything wrong with her, maybe other Lamias were with their boyfriends and such, but she just couldn't do that. Lea simply didn't feel that kind of interest in boys. Girls were another matter altogether. While Lea was sliding around the area, she didn't realize that a certain group of people was following her around. It was a small group of high school students that wanted to take Lea down because she defeated some of their friends. The waited for the perfect moment to attack, and the moment came when Lea decided to slide through an alley. Lea though that a change of view would help her calm down. When Lea slid into the alley, the group appeared behind her, and Lea heard them because of their footsteps. Lea quickly turned around and realized there were four of them, and one of them was actually a Centaur.
"Are you Lea Anderson?" Said a Centaur. Lea realized that the Centaur might be the leader of the group.
"Depends on who's asking." Answered Lea. She wasn't in the mood to deal with people that she considered idiots. Lea considered them idiots for the simple fact that they were trying to start a fight with her.
"Someone that got his friends beat up by a fucking dyke." Lea had her fair share of people like the Centaur, they were always coming from left and right with the same reason. They wanted revenge for their friends who got the bright idea to fight Lea for no reason.
"I'm not in the mood to talk, why don't you just come over here and we finish this, horse shit." Lea was ready and thankful for that fight because she needed to let off some steam. The Centaur knew of Lea's reputation, but that insult got to him, and decided to charge at her.
On the other side of the block, two people were walking on the sidewalk. One of them was a Mexican human in his 60's with short black hair, which had signs of having some white hair, brown skin, and dark brown eyes. He was wearing a business suit. The other person was a male Werewolf with dark blond hair, the same color as his pointy ears, fur, and tail, and with green eyes. He was on his 40's, but he seemed to still have some life in him.  He was also wearing a business suit.
They story of the Werewolves was that they were cursed humans who would turn into werewolves in the full moon. The truth was that they already had the ears, the tail, the fangs, the claws, the fur, the legs, and the eyes of a wolf. The difference between male and female Werewolves was that males had the face and muzzle of a wolf, while the female had a human face and fur only on the arms, legs, and tail. Werewolves only came at night because they were prosecuted in ancient times. It was mere coincidence that a passerby saw a werewolf in the full moon, and so, the story was born. In modern times, they were looked as another citizen of a nation.
Those two people were going back to their office after finishing some business.
"We have to keep looking for more people to join the gym, coach. The new ones may have helped, but it's not enough if we want to get better equipment for the gym." Said the Werewolf with a serious voice.
"I understand your concern, Alfred, but it's hard to find people to join a sport that is actually brutal. The new members show promise, but they haven't built up enough recognition to fight in higher level matches." It was easy to hear the Mexican accent in the coachs voice. When the coach finished answering that, they started hearing clopping sounds on the alley to their right. They turned their heads just in time to see a Lamia dodging a stomp from a Centaur, quickly lifting herself off the ground with her tail, and throwing a right uppercut straight at the Centaur's chin. The punch connected so well, that Alfred and the coach could hear it all the way to their end of the alley. What surprised them the most, was that the punch lifted the Centaur's front half from the ground, but only a little bit. Then, the Centaur started to fall on his right side, which was unbelievable. The Centaur's friends saw that happen, and they immediately started to leave the area. Everyone knew that a Centaur was very strong and heavy, but the Lamia was actually strong enough to lift the Centaur and knock him out with a single punch. The Lamia was actually Lea, and she didn't consider beating a Centaur such a big deal. She had been fighting for years and that fight was no different from the others. Alfred and the coach were frozen in their places, uncertain if what they saw was true or not.
"Coach, is this actually true? Did she just knock a Centaur down with a single punch?" Alfred didn't know if the coach heard or not. The coach wasn't paying attention because he was focused on Lea.
"That kind of strength is the kind that a champion actually has. If what I'm thinking is true, then she has the strength to become a world champion. I just have to put her in the ring." The problem was to actually talk to Lea and convince her to join the coach's gym. The coach saw Lea start to approach the fallen Centaur, and the coach knew exactly what Lea was going to do. Lea was going to keep punching the Centaur. The coach quickly started walking towards Lea and grabbed her shoulder just in time to stop her from launching another punch to an unconscious Centaur. "Hold it right there, chica. If you keep punching him, you might just kill him." Lea didn't hear him get close to her because she was focused on giving the Centaur a beat-down.
"What do you want, old man? You better make it quick, Im not in the mood to deal with you." Said Lea with an edge in her voice, as if she was ready to attack the coach. Lea pulled her shoulder free from the coach's grip, which made her let go of the Centaur, and the Centaur fell back to the ground. The coach quickly started grabbing Lea's arms, rubbing the muscles with his thumbs, then the abdomen. Lea quickly slid out of his reach and screamed in anger. "What the fuck are you doing!?"
"Sorry about that, I was checking something." The coach discovered that Lea had well developed muscles in her. "No wonder she could take that Centaur down, she simply had the muscles for it. She might be the answer to our problems."
"For what? Who are you anyways?"
"My name is Alonso Rodriguez, I'm a boxing coach at my gym, and this is Alfred, the manager. You have quite the muscles, chica. You could do quite well as a professional boxer." Alonso wasn't known to be subtle, he never liked to beat around the bush.
"Boxing? Never seen a match and not interested in getting into it. By the way, my name is not chica, it's Lea."
"I can tell you this, Lea, with enough training and determination, you could reach world fame, you could become rich, and you could become someone. All you have to do is come with me to the gym." Alonso had a calm tone in his voice, but in reality, he was desperate. People like Lea were difficult to find and she just happened to be nearby. When Lea heard fame and money, she actually started thinking about it. Lea was barely making it through high school, but if she could get enough money, she could leave her parents forever and get Ciara to live with her. Lea's thoughts were interrupted by the sound of distant sirens. Lea believed that someone might had seen the fight and decided to call the police.
"All right, I'm in. I have nothing better to do anyways."
"Then follow me, the gym isn't far from here." Alonso didn't show it, but he was happy to know that he got the attention of a potential champion.
They headed straight to the gym, and as Alonso said, it wasn't very far from the alley. It was an average looking gym, a two story building with a sign that said Alonso's Gym. The building itself wasn't too big, but it wasn't small either. Lea didn't know what they used the second floor for and didn't care. On the inside of the building, the walls were painted white, with pictures hanging on the wall of boxers, some with belts on them. The gym had what a normal boxing gym should have, punching bags on the left, heavy bags on the right corner, a ring in the middle, helmets, etc. Lea could see that the equipment was very old and used. There were people of different races and species in the gym, there were other Lamias like Lea, male and female humans, Centaurs, Arachnes, and many other different kinds. Lea didn't care much about that, but then, some of the people in the gym started looking at her, which she didn't like.
"Hey, coach, is that a new member?" A person asked with a cheerful tone in her voice. Lea turned her head towards the source of the voice to find a Lamia approaching Lea's group. She was an African-American Lamia with dark brown hair in a short-bob hairstyle, very dark brown skin, and violet eyes. She would stand at 5ft and 7in in human height. She was wearing a gym uniform with the name of the gym on the back and front.
"It's not final yet, but she's considering giving it a try." Alonso answered to the Lamia. Then, the Lamia looked at Lea.
"You should join the gym. It's actually fun in here. Oh yeah, I haven't introduced myself." The Lamia put a sheepish smile as she noticed her mistake. "My name is Salena Smith." Salena put her hand forward for a handshake, and with a friendly smile on her face.
"Lea." Answered Lea with a flat tone in her voice. She simply wasn't interested in making friends. Lea didn't shake Salena's hand, but that didn't seem to put Salenas cheerfulness down.
"That's rude from your part, Lea." Lea looked towards the source of that voice. It belonged to a Lamia that was working on a punching bag. She was a Mexican-American Lamia, who had light brown hair picked up in a bun, but Lea could see some curls in the Lamia's hair, green eyes, and a brown skin complexion. The Lamia was actually small, standing around 5ft and 4in in human height, wearing the same uniform as Salena.
"It's alright, Alinda, maybe she's just shy." Said Salena. "Lea, this is Alinda. Alinda, this is Lea." Lea and Alinda didn't seem to care because they simply stared at each other.
"A pleasure." It was easy to hear the sarcasm in Alindas voice, and to make it worse, she didnt try to hide it. Lea didn't answer. A moment after that, a tall Lamia entered the gym and saw the group.
"What's going on, lads?" It was easy to hear the Irish accent on the tall Lamia's voice. Everyone turned towards her, and Salena approached her.
"Good timing. Lea, this is Hilda. Hilda, this is Lea." Salena introduced Lea, still with that cheerfulness. Lea wondered if it ever stopped or if Salena was in some kind of drug. Hilda was an Irish-American Lamia, who had red, short spiky hair in a bobbed style, ice-blue eyes, and fair white complexion. She would stand at 6ft in human height, taller than the rest of them. She was also wearing the same uniform as Salena and Alinda.
"Pleasure to meet ya, lass." A smile appeared on Hildas face, showing just how friendly she was, but Lea didn't respond. "Oh, seems we have a shy one." With that said, Hilda started to pat Lea's back quite hard while keeping that smile on her face. "No worries, she might loosen up once she gets to know us."
"All right, you three, time for chit-chat is over, get back to your training." They all heard someone calling the trio. Everyone turned towards the person and saw a Minotaur with a shaved head with horns that were at least 2 ft. long, brown eyes, and brown fur. He easily stood at 6ft and he was wearing a gym uniform. He had the actual face and legs of a bull. "You got matches coming up and you need to be ready for them."
"Sorry, Fergus." Said Salena, who didn't sound reprimanded in the least, but she did left to go back to her workout. "Let's talk more some other time." Alonso and Alfred were on the side the whole time, and Alfred didn't like Lea's attitude.
"Coach, are you sure we should let her join? She might cause some problems for us." Worry could be heard in Alfred's voice.
"Don't worry, Alfred, she might be hard to handle, but maybe with enough time, she might get friendlier. She might have some problems in her life that caused this attitude." Said Alonso.
"I hope you're right, coach."
That was how Lea's career as a boxer started and how she met the other boxers in the gym. Lea returned home and didn't talk to her parents, even though they wanted her to say something. Unfortunately, Lea didn't say anything and simply went straight to her room. Lea told Ciara about the boxing gym and that Lea was going to stay there. Ciara was pleased with the news and supported the idea. Ciara knew that if Lea became famous and rich, then Ciara would become famous and rich. Lea didn't want to tell her parents about the gym, so she had to pay for the membership on her own. Fortunately, Lea had a small job that got her just enough to pay the membership. Lea debuted at the age of 16 and started to quickly climb up the ranks, with all her victories been by means of a knockout. Lea was easily making herself known and started winning a large amount of money. She was well known to have tremendous punching power and endurance. Her relationship with Ciara was also well known in the media, they were pretty much close to each other and Ciara was always in one of Lea's matches. At the age of 18, Lea not only finished high school, which she barely did, but she also became the MSWBA (Multi-Species World Boxing Association) Middleweight Champion. What no one expected was that it marked the beginning of the end for Lea's career as a boxer. After Lea became the champion, she eventually left her parents and never looked back, taking Ciara along. Lea bought a 2 stories house in California, with 4 bedrooms, a large living room, kitchen, 2 bathrooms, front yard, and a garage. She even got 2 cars, one for herself and one for Ciara, but what was considered the biggest waste, was the parties that Lea threw in her house. It was actually known in the news, so Alonso knew about it and tried to have a talk with Lea. They were in the gym, in Alonso's office.
"Lea, what the hell is going on with you?! Just because you're the champion doesn't mean that you can do whatever you want!" Said Alonso.
"Listen, old man, you're not the boss of me. After all, I'm the one who's fighting in the ring, not you." Said Lea in an nonchalant way. Over the years, Lea never seemed to get close to anyone in the gym. Lea mostly focused on herself and Ciara.
"Don't get cocky with me, chica, I knew that you would become a champion, I knew you would succeed. Hell, I was glad of what you have accomplished, but I never expected you to become this kind of person."
"I really don't give a fuck about you, and I really don't have to listen to you." Lea started to rise from her seat.
"Are you leaving the gym? You think anyone would work with you, knowing that you simply throw parties and waste your time with your girl, instead of training?!" Alonso couldn't imagine anyone smart enough to hire someone like Lea.
"I can do anything because I'm the champion. Consider this the end of our partnership. Before leaving the office, Lea looked at Alonso and said. Good luck, you're going to need it." After that, Lea slid out of the office and laughed. When she got out of the office, Lea realized that everyone in the gym was staring at her. They didn't hear the entire conversation, but they had an idea of what happened in there, and Lea didn't care. She simply kept sliding towards the gym's doors. She saw the faces of the first members that she met. Salena had a sad expression on her face. Salena thought that she could become friends with Lea, but that never happened. Alinda had a frown on her face. She never liked Lea and she was loyal to the coach, so she was furious of the way Lea talked to him. Hilda actually had a neutral face, which made it hard for Lea to read Hilda's thoughts. It didnt matter to Lea, they weren't her friends and she was done with them. News traveled fast of Lea leaving Alonso's gym, and it reached the ears of someone else.
A week later, Lea heard a knock on her door, and answered. On the other side of the door, was a human on his early 20's with short-straight auburn hair, eyes that looked almost black, but were dark brown, and with a white skin complexion. He stood at 5ft and 11in, and he was wearing a business suit.
"Hello, Ms. Anderson, can I have a moment of your time?" The stranger used a professional tone, and tried to look professional.
"Depends, what do you want?" Asked Lea in suspicion.
"My name is Tony Moore, from Moore's Gym. I came here to propose a business deal with you, may I come in?"
"Sure." Lea let Tony into the living room. When they sat down, Ciara entered the living room.
"Hey, baby, have you seen my- Oh, who is he?" Ciara had never seen the stranger, so she was checking him. She was trying to see if he was trouble or not. Ciara didn't change much throughout the years. She still had her good looks, but started to wear more expensive dresses than before, and Tony was enjoying Ciara's looks.
"My name is Tony Moore and I am here to propose an offer to Ms. Anderson."
"I'm listening." Lea actually had plans for that day, so she wanted to get it over with.
"I have heard that you stopped working with Alonso Rodriguez. I can understand why, he looked the obnoxious type. So, I was wondering if maybe, you would be interested in working for my gym."
"How much do you charge?" Lea didnt want to spend too much of her money on someone who would get on her nerves.
"Whatever Mr. Rodriguez charged you, I would make it even cheaper, and the advantage on working with me, is that I wouldn't be bothering you with useless training that your previous coach made you go through. What do you say?" Lea needed to find another gym quickly, especially since she didn't want to do all the paperwork to schedule matches. At that moment, Lea wanted to have some fun, and didn't really care about the details.
"You got yourself a deal." Lea was happy to have a manager that wouldn't bother her.
"Glad to be doing business with you." A smile appeared on Tonys face, and they sealed the deal with a handshake.
That was the man that, along with Ciara, would lead Lea to her ruin. Tony never told her what time to train. He simply said that he would call her when necessary. That was good for Lea, since she wanted to enjoy her fame, and considered unnecessary to train because she considered herself invincible. The next month, Lea threw another one of her parties, but that time, it was at a bar in the city. Lea got so drunk in there, that the party started to get rowdy and she started to pick fights with other customers. The police came to put a stop to it, and the news reporters quickly got there in time to see Lea been arrested. When the reporters got to Lea, they started to ask questions.
"Ms. Anderson, what do you think the MSWBA would think of this event? Do you have any comments?" The female reporter put her microphone close to Lea.
"I don't give a shit about what those motherfuckers think about this! I am the champion after all, I can do this kind of shit, am I right!?" Lea was obviously drunk and wasn't thinking clearly. Lea paid for bail that night, but it wasn't going to solve everything. The MSWBA heard the news, and that time, they didn't let it go. Lea received a letter from the MSWBA, with the news that she had been suspended for a whole year, without the chance to appeal for it, and lost the MSWBA Middleweight Championship belt. That was a problem for Lea. Without matches, there was no money, and without money, she couldn't pay for anything. 
The next day, Tony arrived at Lea's house, and ringed the bell. The person that answered that time, was Ciara.
"Ah, hello there, is Ms. Anderson home?" Lea was the least of Tony's problems at the moment.
"She went outside for a while, can I help you?" Ciara was still suspicious of Tony, which was easy to see because she was blocking the door.
"Actually, I would like to discuss something with you." That got Ciara's attention.
"About what?"
"About Lea's suspension and what we could do about it." Ciara had the feeling that it was something more than that, and let him in. They both sat in the living room and Tony started talking. "Let's just get to the point. Lea's career looks bad. I'm not confident that the MSWBA would lift the suspension any time soon, and at this rate, she will sink." Ciara could see that Tony was serious.
"Aren't you a coach or something? Shouldn't you know these kinds of things?"
"Actually, I'm no such thing. I just made it up to get Lea to work with me."
"Then, what are you?"
"I am simply a man looking for the opportunity to make big money, and that opportunity is showing up. Now, I have a proposition for you."
"And that is?"
"You are very close to Ms. Anderson, so I am sure that you have access to her bank accounts and such, correct?"
"You're actually asking me to steal from Lea, aren't you?" Ciara wasn't shocked about it, she answered with a calm tone in her voice.
"Let's face it, she's going down really fast and I think it's time to abandon ship. What do you say?" It was a bet for Tony. He could get rich if Ciara agreed to help him, but he could get in real trouble if she refused. Ciara didn't have much to think about, Ciara never hated Lea, but Ciara didn't like Lea either. For Ciara, Lea was just a tool that Ciara wanted to get her hands on to become famous and rich. With things falling apart for Lea, Ciara decided that it was time to move on.
"All right."
The next day, Ciara left to pick up Tony and headed straight to the bank. When they got there, Ciara ordered to close all the accounts that Lea had, and took the money. It was easy because it was a joint account, Lea wanted to give Ciara whatever she wanted because Lea could and because Ciara was with Lea. After that, they decided to split it evenly and each would go their separate ways. By the time Lea got home, she noticed that Ciara's belongings were gone, her clothing, her jewelry, everything. Lea quickly realized that Ciara left because of Lea's suspension and the loss of Lea's championship belt. Then, it hit Lea quickly. Lea immediately called the bank to ask about her balance. Lea found out that her accounts were closed. That put her in a dangerous situation. Lea never thought of opening a savings account because she didn't consider it necessary to open one. At that moment, she was starting to regret it, and without money to pay her house and the rest of her possessions, she decided to call bankrupt. News about the event quickly spread throughout the nation, so everyone knew about it. No gym would hire her to work with them because of her criminal record and public display. The shame and humiliation put Lea in a depression. She couldn't even show her face in public, so she decided to change her look. Lea cut her hair to neck-length and started to disguise herself, putting on some jeans, a blue t-shirt, and a black sweater with a hood. After that, no one knew where Lea went and she disappeared for 2 years. Some believed that she committed suicide because of her loss of money and depression, others believed that she left the country, and many other ideas were coming out. Eventually, Lea became old news and people started to completely forget about her. After all, they had better things to do, than to talk about a fallen champion.

Chapter 1: Meeting an Angel
There was a Lamia waking up on a tree, wearing dirty clothes that were filled with dust, dirt, and sweat. It was so grotesque that it was impossible to believe that someone would wear such a thing. That was no problem for her, she had already gotten used to the smell. The only ones that would complain about her clothes, was the people that got too close to her. The Lamia started to descend from the tree, which was easy to do because of her tail. Then, she started her new day, a day that had been going over and over for a while. She would simply slide to a corner in the street or to a store and beg for change. Sometimes she would get enough to buy herself a drink or something to eat. If she was lucky, she would get both in a single day, just enough to live, what she considered, a pitiful existence. Of course, she believed that she deserved that, after what she did before. Other times, she would just slide around the city, with no particular destination. She was in her home city, but she wasn't there before. Since the Lamia saw no reason to leave again, she decided to stay. It might had been nostalgia, she was born there after all and that was where she grew up. The city was also the place where she started to get out into the world, to get success in life, and where she could have made some real friends. It was her fault that it ended the way it did, and she knew that. All she could do was simply regret that she didn't do things differently. Maybe she could have avoided it if she was different back then, if she didn't let it all go to her head and listened to those that actually cared. At that moment, she was just sliding around, with her thoughts as her only companion, and reached a TV store. Inside, she could see a TV showing a Lamia boxer with a belt around her waist and both arms lifted into the air. On her face, there was that smile, a smile that showed how much she actually worked to get it, how hard it was, how painful it was. There were times when the Lamia boxer wanted to quit, but she prevailed, and that was the result of her work. Then, the Lamia with the dirty clothes saw herself. She saw a dirty and ragged black sweater with a hood, with a blue t-shirt with a sleeve missing under the sweater, and jeans with holes on it. Her black hair was unkempt and messy, her white skin had smudges, her eyes were a dull blue, and her black scales were just as dull. It would be hard to recognize Lea Anderson as she was at that moment, especially since she lost some of her muscles over her time in the streets. Having seen enough, she decided to continue on her way to nowhere in particular, and she did that for the whole day. That night, Lea was going on her way to find a spot to sleep, but something got her attention. Lea started to hear voices in a barely lit alley, and she saw three figures inside: one of them was a tall and obese looking man. It was probably an orc, and the other one looked like a male human, but tough looking. At the end of the alley, there was a smaller person compared to the other two. There wasn't enough light to see the third person. It looked like they were robbing that person, but Lea wasn't sure, so she decided to hide outside of the alley and wait.
"Listen, sweetheart, if you want to avoid anything happening to you, you might as well give us whatever you have, right now." One of the men in the robbery was trying to sound threatening.
"I can't let you have it, I need this money." Lea could tell that the person been robbed was actually female, and she was worried.
"Do I look like I give a shit about that? Now give us the money." The robber sounded impatient, and the other men approached the girl, a hand aimed at the suitcase that she was carrying.
"No, I won't let you have it, they depend on this payment." The girl tried to sound brave, but failed to do so. She clutched the suitcase close to her chest, and held tightly. The man sighed, and talked to the orc.
"Hey, pal, why don't you give me a hand here?" The orc literally did that and he moved a hand to grab the girl's neck.
"Help!" Her cry for help was cut short by the large hand grabbing her neck and lifting her off the ground.
"Now listen, try to call for help one more time, and my friend here will have to snap that little neck of yours." The man tried to use a threat on the girl, and to help emphasize the threat, the orc squeezed her neck. The orc used just enough strength to send the message, and then loosen up. "Now, give me the money." The human grabbed the suitcase and pulled, but the female human held it tightly, with no signs of letting go.
Lea had seen that kind of thing before in her life on the streets, and usually, no one helped the needed. A smart person would simply walk away, and if they felt like it, they might call the cops. In all of Lea's time as a homeless, no one looked at her. Lea didn't see any gain in it, but she didn't see any loss either. Ever since her life as a homeless started, she didn't consider her life meaningful, she was dead as far as she knew. Lea never considered helping others but herself, maybe it was time for a change, maybe it was time to redeem herself and do something that was worth it. Maybe she could finally put an end to her worthless existence. With that in mind, Lea decided to help the girl, but Lea needed to be careful or the orc might kill the girl. On the left side of the alley, behind the robbers, Lea saw a trash can, and on its side, a glass bottle. Lea quickly got a plan in her head and put it into action. Lea slowly started to slide closer and closer to the trash can. It was a good thing that Lea was a Lamia, snake tails made very little noise when they slid through the ground. Lea could see that the robbers were having a hard time taking the suitcase from the girl, but it was clear that it would be just a matter of time. Lea reached the glass bottle and started to approach the robbers. The human robber managed to rip the suitcase from the girl's arms and opened it. He saw a good amount of money in it, and by that time, Lea grabbed the trash can with her tail and proceeded with her plan. Lea quickly struck the human with the glass bottle, breaking it in the process. That put the human down, which made him drop the suitcase. Surprisingly enough, it closed itself the moment it hit the floor. That got the attention of the orc, and he started to turn towards Lea, showing his surprised pig face. Then, Lea quickly threw the trash can and hit the orc's face, which made him drop the girl to her knees. While the orc was staggered, Lea quickly wrapped her tail on the orc's left leg and pulled on it, making the orc fall on his back.
"Come on, we have to go!" Lea kept an eye on the orc, knowing that he won't stay down for long. That snapped the girl back to focus and looked for the suitcase, which was close to her. When she saw it, she grabbed the suitcase, and started to run. The orc noticed that and got up quickly. Then, he tried to grab the girl, but Lea saw that and used her tail to slap the orc's hand away from the girl. Lea saw the girl run away, but Lea didn't mind, since someone had to keep the orc occupied.
"No wonder I didn't smelled you close by, you're as dirty as shit, and smell like shit." The orc finished with a snort, and anger could be heard in his voice.
"You might as well give up, she probably escaped already or called for help." Said Lea.
"Yeah, but I might as well take a little payback for throwing that trash can at me." The orc cracked his knuckles, sending the message that he wouldnt leave until he got what he wanted.
"Then, let's go down to hell." Lea had an edge in her voice, letting the orc know that she was ready for the battle.
Lea knew that she was fairly weaker than the orc. She would have to rely on her speed to bring the orc down. The orc was bald, standing at least 8 ft. tall, black skin color with a pink snout, and standing pig ears. The orc decided to attack first by charging towards Lea and launched a right punch. Lea easily dodged to the left and grabbed his right foot. Then, she pulled it and made the orc fall face first. The orc tried to get up, but Lea struck the right side of the orc's face with her tail. Unfortunately, the orc grabbed her tail with his left and pulled her towards him. Then, he struck Lea's mid-section with his right forearm, launching Lea to the wall behind her and crashing to it. While Lea was down, the orc marched towards her, and once he got close enough, he launched a left punch. Fortunately, Lea quickly recovered and moved just in time to dodge the punch. Lea knew that she needed something to hit him with, since her tail didn't seem to be doing a lot of damage to the brutish orc. Then, close to the trash can that she threw, she saw an old baseball bat, and all she needed to do was to grab it. The orc was confident that he could win, so he charged at Lea with a right punch again. Lea dodged the punch and quickly slid towards the bat. Lea grabbed it just in time as the orc grabbed her tail and pulled her towards him. When Lea was close enough to hit with the bat, she swung the bat down as the orc was preparing to deal the finishing blow. The bat connected with the orc's forehead, making him stagger back. Then, Lea stood up and launched another swing, hitting him on the left side of his head. That hit seemed to do the trick because the orc suddenly fell to the ground and didn't move.
"This little piggy goes to sleep." That was all Lea said in her victory. Contemplating what she had done, it filled her with some pride. Not only did she defeated a gigantic enemy, but she saved someone. She did something worthwhile for once in her life. "I hope the girl is alright. Well, I better leave before the cops get here and-" Before Lea could finish that thought, she started to feel the effects of the attack that landed on her. Lea started to feel pain in her mid-section and felt dizzy. She tried to slid away, but she needed to support herself with the walls of the alley. "Man, didn't expect to be this weakthat really affected me." Lea groaned in pain once it took full effect on her weakened body. "WellI guessI can finallyrest." At that last thought, Lea started to fall unconscious and was falling to the ground, but she didn't hit the ground. Someone caught her before she hit the ground.
"Heyme?" Lea heard someone, didn't know who it was, but she felt like she knew the voice.
"Who's that? I heard that voice before." Lea turned her head towards the source of the voice and could barely see a face. It was a beautiful girl, with long straight platinum blond hair, amber eyes, and light-olive skin color.
"CanHear me?" The girl kept saying.
"Is that an angel? Am I finally dead?" The last thing Lea remembered, was seen darkness before falling unconscious.
There was a human girl in an alley, in the middle of the night, holding an unconscious Lamia. The girl wasn't very tall, standing at 5ft 7in, so the Lamia was a little heavy for the girl, even though she was only carrying the upper body. She actually ran away from the alley because she was been robbed by a couple of people, one human and one orc. The girl managed to escape because the Lamia fought against the robbers to save the girl. Knowing that, she decided to return to the alley, wondering if she could help the Lamia against the orc that was left conscious. In the end, the girl wasn't needed because the Lamia was handling the orc just fine. Not wanting to get in the way, the girl decided to hide outside of the alley. Then, the girl saw the Lamia been launched to a nearby wall. The girl thought of calling the police, but they might take too long to arrive, especially in a poor area of the city. If there was no other option, she would give the money in return for their safety, but at that moment, all she could do was pray and hope that the Lamia could defeat the orc. Fortunately, the Lamia defeated the orc by striking him with a baseball bat. Once the girl was sure that the orc wasn't going to get up, she revealed herself, and started to approach the Lamia. Then, the girl saw the Lamia stagger and hold herself on a nearby wall. That was when the girl tried to help the Lamia up, but in the end, the Lamia fell unconscious.
"Oh no, oh no, what should I do? Wait, I know." She decided to call someone else for help, so she pulled out her cellphone and made a call. The other person answered.
"Hey, Julie." A friendly male voice could be heard from the other side of the phone.
"Nick, thank god you answered! Listen, I need you to come and pick me up, bring the van with you." Nick could hear desperation in Julie's voice and it made him worry.
"Yeah, I'll be right there. Where are you?"
"5th street and Alamo." Julie started to calm down, knowing that someone was coming to help her.
"Got it, I'll be there as soon as I can." With that said, Nick hanged up.
"I hope he gets here soon." Julie knew that the robbers might get up anytime soon, so she tried to carry the Lamia outside of the alley and walked to a nearby corner, while also carrying the suitcase. Julie waited with the Lamia on her shoulder, and no one was paying attention to them. For the people around them, they might be just friends that had been drinking all night and the Lamia was too drunk to stand up. There were bars close by, so they could have gone inside one of them.
Nick arrived shortly with the van. He came out of it, and walked towards Julie, noticing that she was holding an unconscious Lamia. Nick was a lizardman, with green scales on his body, yellow eyes, and no hair. He had a tail coming out from the back of his pants through a hole. He was in his early 30's, but he didn't look like it, he looked more like in his late 20's instead.
Lizardmen were half-human, half-reptile, resembling a type of lizard. In some countries, they were believed to be gods. Others believed them to be monsters. The male Lizardmen had more characteristics of a lizard than human. They had the lizard eyes, the tail, the tongue, the head of a reptile, cold blood, claws, and scales instead of skin. Their female counterparts had a more human-looking face and body, but still kept the scales around their arms and legs, claws, cold blood, and eyes. What could be considered the biggest difference between them was that the female Lizardmen actually had hair, while males didn't have any hair, they were practically bald. Since they had cold blood, they preferred hot and dry places, but they had spread out to other areas. In modern times, they were seen as normal citizens, just like any other inter-species people.
"Julie, are you alright? Who's that you're carrying?" Asked Nick
"I'm alright, Nick, but we need to leave." Said Julie in a hurry.
"Okay, you're taking her with us?" Nick pointed at the Lamia that Julie was carrying.
"Yes, Nick, I'll explain later, but we need to go now." That seemed to satisfy Nick, and he helped carry the Lamia towards the van. While they were taking the Lamia to the van, Nick started to sniff the air, and cough with a face that showed disgust.
"Damn, she really stinks, you sure she's a Lamia and not some bag of manure?"
"Just hold your breath. We're almost to the van."
"Fine, but you better have some air spray." Once they put the Lamia on the back of the van, Julie decided to stay with the Lamia. "Should we take her to the hospital?"
"I don't think she has the money to pay for it. Just look at her, they might just ignore her. Let's take her to our facility. We might be able to help her." Nick looked skeptical about that.
"If you say so, I hope we can." Nick started the van and drove away.
"That makes two of us." Julie started to calm down, and started checking on the Lamia. The Lamia didn't look well, not only was she attacked, but she seemed to be weak. The only way Julie could tell that the Lamia was alive, was by the faint rising of the Lamia's chest, indicating that the Lamia was breathing. Julie started to wonder just how long the Lamia would keep breathing. Julie could only hope that the Lamia could hold long enough, until they reached their destination.
"Did you call the cops?"
"No, they might have taken too long to arrive, especially those in this area." Julie had dealt with them before, and they didn't seem to take their jobs very seriously.
"True enough." Nick kept driving ahead. "I hope everything goes well."
Lea didn't know where she was, but she felt comfortable. She didn't feel pain anymore, she felt better than before. Lea woke up inside a white room, and looking at the ceiling. She realized that she was sleeping in a bed, surrounded by yellow curtains. The bed was large enough for her. She occupied the entire bed with her tail on the left side of the bed. Lea started to look around her space, and then, she looked to her right, where she saw a girl sleeping on a chair. Lea thought that the girl was very beautiful: long blond hair, smooth light-olive skin.
"Like an angelWait a minute." Lea realized that the girl sleeping beside the bed was the girl that Lea saved back at the alley. "Did she brought me here? Did she helped me?" It was a little shocking for Lea because in her entire life as a homeless, no one really helped her before. People didn't care about her, but the girl did. "Maybe, she just wanted to pay me back, but she could have just left me in the alley." Just as Lea finished that thought, the girl started to wake up. The girl slowly opened her eyes, getting a grasp of where she was. Then, she straightened up on her chair and stretched, pushing her chest forward, which let Lea take a good look at the girl's breasts. It was easy to tell that they were well shaped C-cups. After finishing her stretching, the girl focused her eyes on Lea and realized that she was awake.
"Thank goodness you're awake, how are you feeling?" Asked the girl with sincere worry.
"G-good." Lea started to feel shy with the girl, especially when she was so beautiful and she was looking at Lea with those deep amber eyes. "A beautiful girl like her is worried about people like me?"
"Glad to hear that, you looked pretty bad when we brought you here, especially when the orc launched you against the wall."
"Do I have something broken?"
"Just some bruises, you mostly fainted because of malnutrition and dehydration. The doctor had to give you enough serum to help you get some strength back." The girl gave Lea a smile, happy to know that Lea didnt have anything serious.
"Thank you." Lea kept feeling shy, even if the girl had that smile on her face.
"Oh no, don't worry about it, the doctor did the whole work." After the girl said that, they fell in silence. They didn't know what else to say. Lea didn't want to end the conversation, so she thought of asking questions.
"Where am I?"
"You're in the infirmary of a group home. I didn't think it would be good to drop you in a hospital. Considering that you wouldn't be able to pay them back."
"Group home?"
"Yeah, you could say that it's a type of orphanage, but they prefer to call it group home. We take care of children until they can go out into the world or are adopted by other families."
"That sounds nice." Lea started to sit up.
"Are you sure you're alright?"
"Don't worry, I feel better now, see?" Lea got out of bed with a smile, stood up, and moved her body to show that she was okay.
"Glad to see you up and moving." The girls smile returned, and again, they fell silent. With nothing else to talk about, Lea said.
"Well, I guess, I should be going now." Then, Lea started to slide away. After seeing that, the girl stood up, and asked.
"Wait, are you hungry? Do you need something?" After the girl said that, Lea put her hands in front of herself and said.
"No no, it's alright, I don't want to impose on you. No more than what I already have."
"Don't worry about it. Come on, we're serving breakfast right now." The girl gave Lea a gentle smile, grabbed one of Lea's hands, which caused Lea to start blushing, and pulled her out of the infirmary. Lea was actually hungry, but didn't want to say it because she thought that she didnt matter to anyone.
"But, she worries about me, I matter to her. I don't want this to end so quickly, but I don't want to take advantage of her." Thought Lea.
"Oh, I almost forgot, my name is Julie, Julie Johnson. What's your name?" Julie felt sheepish because she couldn't believe that she almost forgot to introduce herself to her savior. That made Lea smile in return.
"I'm Lea, Lea Anderson."
"Nice to meet you, Lea."
"Nice to meet you too. She's so nice to a complete stranger like me. It's almost hard to take."
They came out to the living room, and Lea could see that she was inside a 2-story building. A reception desk was located in a corner of the living room. The desk was located on the corner to the left of Lea. A corridor was located to the right of the desk, and the left wall had a double-entry door, which was the main entrance. Lea looked at the living room, which had its walls painted in a beige color. The floor was covered in vinyl sheets that looked like wood, and Lea could see that there was a carpet in the middle of the room. Over the carpet, were 4 couches, which formed a perfect square. On the ceiling, there was a gold-painted chandelier hanging over the couches, which was turned off at the moment. On the right wall, there were 2 stairs, one that led to the second floor and one that led downstairs, which Lea believed to be the basement. In the middle of the stairs, was a door, but Lea didn't know what that room was. On the wall in front of Lea, was a double-entry door, and to the left of the door was a corridor. Lea and Julie kept moving straight, reaching the double entry door, which had a sign at the top that said 'Cafeteria'. They both passed through the door and entered the cafeteria. The cafeteria was large, filled with round and long tables, which had different amounts of chairs that people could move around. At the end was the kitchen, which had a few people cooking, and the pickup area was right in-front of it. The cafeteria had three doors, one on the left wall, one on the right wall, and a third door was close to the corner to the right of Lea. There were people already eating inside the cafeteria, from children to teenagers. There were many different species and races, from humans to inter-species people, Lamias, Harpies, Centaurs, Lizardmen, and even some Mermaids were in there.
Mermaids were considered one of the most beautiful beings in the world, which was not always a good thing. In ancient times, they were captured because of that beauty, but there were other reasons for it. Some believed that drinking the blood of a mermaid would give immortality. Others believed that it was the flesh. Some believed that it would give them eternal youth. All of them wrong, which made the mermaids hide from human eyes as much as possible. Mermaids had the well-known half-fish from the waist down, gills on the side of the abdomen, which allowed them to breath under water, the ability to resist cold temperatures, and they could swim in either sea water or clean water. They actually had a male counterpart call Mermen, which was pretty much the same as the Mermaids. When on land, they usually go around with a wheelchair or other means of transportation.
Once they were inside the cafeteria, other kids noticed them, and greeted them.
"Hi, Julie."
"Good morning, Julie." All the kids started to greet her with smiles on their faces.
"Morning, everyone, how's breakfast today?" Greeted Julie, who returned their smiles with one of her own.
"Don't be silly, Julie, it's always good." A Cyclops child tried to make his voice sound funny, which Julie thought that it was adorable. Cyclops looked very human, except for the single big eye instead of two.
"Glad to hear that, I just like to tease her like that. I'm going to get something for us." A child elf noticed Lea and pointed at her with a finger.
"Who's that, Julie?" Asked the young elf.
"Oh, I almost forgot, this here is Lea." Julie presented Lea to the kids.
"Hello, Ms. Lea." The children greeted with that same smile.
"Hello." Lea greeted back with a small wave of her hand.
"Okay, why don't you take a seat while I go and get us something to eat?" Julie tried to make Lea feel comfortable with a gentle voice.
"Okay." With that said, Julie left to get breakfast and Lea looked around for a table. Once she found one, she took a seat, and waited for Julie to come back.
Julie walked up to the kitchen and greeted one of the cooks.
"Hey, Lucy." The cook heard the cheerful tone of Julie and turned around.
"Good morning, Julie! We have some pancakes and waffles left if you would like some." Lucy, a female Minotaur around her 40's, showed Julie the food that was left. Just like every single time, Lucy was always happy to see Julie. Female Minotaurs actually have more human characteristics than their male counterpart. The female had a human face, but they had smaller horns and the fur in their ears, tails, and on their legs, was the color of a cow.
"Give me both. I'm actually eating with a guest of mine."
"Oh, you mean the Lamia that you brought here last night." That surprised Julie. She thought that no one would know about Lea so fast.
"How did you found out about it?"
"Oh please, everyone in the staff knows about her. Word comes around, you know? Why did you bring her here, though?"
"She saved me from some robbers when I was on my way to the bank, so I'm just trying to repay the favor."
"That's really nice of her, what's her name?" Lucy was starting to like Lea.
"Her name is Lea."
"That's a nice name, and on top of that, easy to remember. Where is she?" Lucy was so curious, that she started looking around the cafeteria.
"She's right there, at the corner." Julie pointed at the corner that she was talking about.
"Oh, I see her." Lucy could guess why Lea decided to sit in a corner. "She seems to be the shy type, but by the sounds of it, a good kid."
"I can tell you more about her later. I don't want to keep her waiting for long."
"Okay, I really would like to know the details about your intrepid friend, who saved you from the claws of evil villains." Lucy started to giggle about it. It wasn't that she didn't believe Julie, but Lea didn't seem to be the valiant type.
"Oh hush, you." They both shared a laugh together. Then, Lucy took her leave to prepare a plate for Julie and her guest. Once Lucy got the plates ready, she set them on a tray, and Julie took it to her table. It really pleased Lucy to see Julie having some friends.
"It's really nice to see that kind of thing, especially in these hard times."
Lea was looking at everything around her, she was looking at the children talking with each other, and laughing with each other. It was a happy place for them. "I wonder who is the owner of this place." Then, Julie arrived with their plates. Julie gave a plate to Lea, and then, Julie grabbed her own.
"Okay, Lea, food's ready. Man, am I starving." Said Julie, and after that, she started to eat. She had scrambled eggs with ham, strips of bacon, sausage links, and 2 toasts with coffee as her drink. Lea's plate had 3 pancakes. The other plates had 2 pieces of ham, 3 medium cooked eggs, toasts, and waffles. It was like a buffet on their table. Lea's mouth started to water just by looking at it.
"I don't remember the last time I saw this much food." Thought Lea, and then, she asked. "Is this for me?"
"Of course, you must be hungry after sleeping with nothing but those serums." Answered Julie with a smile. Lea gave a nod as an answer and grabbed a fork that Julie brought. Then, Lea cut a piece of a pancake, put it in her fork, and bit on it. "Oh, I forgot about the syrup, let me-" Julie stopped mid-sentence because of something unexpected. Tears started to fall from Lea's eyes. Fortunately, they were far from the rest of the people in the cafeteria, so no one could see the scene. "Hey, Lea, what's wrong? You didn't like it?" Julie started to worry, she wasn't sure why Lea was crying, but believed the food to be the cause. Lea shook her head and kept putting food into her mouth. Lea managed to answer with food in her mouth.
"It's very good." Leas tears were still streaming down her face. After that, Lea wiped her eyes and kept eating. That was the most food she had ever gotten in a long time. Most of the time, she found whatever she could in a trash can, or she would buy it from a store, but not enough to get her full. Julie smiled, understanding that there was no problem and Lea was just happy to be eating. After eating a little bit, Julie started to smell something strange. Julie sniffed around, and discovered that Lea smelled really bad.
"Hey, Lea."
"Hm?" Lea responded while eating.
"When was the last time that you took a bath?" Julie and Nick just threw some spray in the air when they took Lea into the house, and on Lea. The effects of the spray must have run out. Lea started to think about the last time that she took a shower, and couldn't remember the last time she took one. Then, she swallowed what she had in her mouth and answered. 
"I don't remember." Julie didn't respond to that. She just kept staring at Lea with a perplexed view. "Do I smell that bad?"
"No, not at all, but it would help that you take a shower." Julie could barely resist the smell coming from Lea. Julie was sure that anyone passing by could smell Lea, but Julie didn't have the heart to say that. "You can take it after breakfast. I'll take you to a bathroom."
"Okay." Lea started to relax, knowing that she didn't cause any serious trouble to Julie. Lea didn't have any problem about taking a shower, nor did she had any problem about her smell. Of course, she would take a shower just to avoid causing any problem to anyone. After that, they fell silent again, until Julie realized something. She didn't know much about her savior, except her name. Julie thought that it might be a good moment to ask some questions, since Lea appeared to be in a good mood.
"So, Lea, where were you born?"
"In California."
"How did you end up in the streets?" That question might have been too personal because Lea stopped eating for a moment.
"I'm sorry. I justI don't want to talk about it." Julie could barely hear a painful tone in Leas voice.
"Oh no, don't worry, you don't have to answer if it's too personal. Sorry about that."
"It's okay, what about you? Where do you live?"
"I actually live here. My parents died in a car accident when I was a little girl."
"I'm sorry. I shouldn't have asked that." Lea started to feel sad about that and looked down.
"Don't worry about it. It was a long time ago." Julie gave Lea a smile, which made Lea start to feel better and made her lift her gaze.
"So, you ended up here?"
"Not really, I was sent to other places before, but they were different."
"What do you mean by different?"
"The staff of those places didn't really care about the orphans, they simply did their jobs and that was it. They didn't connect with us." Julie started to look at her coffee with a thoughtful look.
"Was it really that bad?"
"Enough to make me a very reserved person, and very suspicious of adults. Some of the staff tended to abuse the orphans. Some would go so far as hitting them. I remember trying to defend the younger orphans from the adults." That seemed to be a sensitive subject for Julie because she started to get a little upset about it. "I thought of hurting them, making them feel the same pain that the other orphans felt. There was this one time when I was about to attack a worker out of revenge, but in the end, I didn't"
Why? What stopped you?
A little kid. A little kid that I wanted to avenge, but I saw the look of fear in his eyes. The surprising thing about that, is that I was the cause of his fear. Julie started to calm down after remembering that. I started to realize that violence was a horrible thing. It didn't solve anything, it simply caused more violence, and it turned people into monsters. Julie looked into Lea's eyes and noticed that Lea was getting depressed. Anyways, that's why I don't like, don't approve, and do not condone violence. You could say that it turned me into a hippie. After Julie said that, she gave a peace sign with a smile on her face.
"Did they sent you here after that?"
"They sent me to other places before arriving here. No one would adopt a little girl like me, so they sent me to other homes just to get rid of me." Julie gave a small laugh when she finished saying that.
"What about here? Was it better?"
"Much better, I didn't believe it at first. This is where I met her."
"Who?"
"Mataya, the previous owner of this house."
"What happened to her?"
"She passed away from natural causes. She was around 90 years old at the time."
"Sorry to hear that, what was she like?"
"She was very caring about everyone, not only with orphans, but with the workers too. She was very spiritual too, talking about spirits and higher powers. She was a short person, with brown hair, white skin, and brown eyes. When I arrived here the first day, I didn't trust her. I thought she would be no different than the rest of the adults." Julie started to look at her coffee again. That was a long memory for her, and a good one too because she kept smiling. "She would always give this smile to everyone, always greeting them, always been nice to everyone, and I thought it was all a lie. I wouldn't talk to her or I would avoid her."
"What did she do to change your mind?"
"She just kept talking to me, she didn't try to avoid me or ignore me, she just kept trying. One day, I asked, 'why do you talk to me?'"
"What did she said?"
"She said, 'because I want to know you'. She simply wanted to know me. No one really cared who I was. Everyone else just wanted me to live so that someone could adopt me. After that, we started to get closer, to the point where I would see her as a mother to me. So, I started to live here, went to school and everything. Mataya passed away a year ago." That made Julie a little sad, and Lea could see that Julie really loved Mataya.
"So, do you know who the new owner is?"
"Oh, I know her very well." Julie was giving a smile to Lea.
"Really, when could I meet her?" Julie started to giggle.
"You're actually looking at her." That surprised Lea, and Julie could see it on Lea's face. "She's really cute."
"You're the owner?!?!"
"I know, I know, I look too young to own it, don't I?"
"WellUhh."
"It's okay. Don't worry about it too much. A lot of people would be surprised to discover that a 19 year old girl owns a group home."
"How did you get this place? That is, if you don't mind telling me."
"Mataya inherited the house to me, since no one else seemed to care about it."
"No one gave you problems for it?"
"Actually, they were okay with it. They probably didn't want to deal with a lot of work. What a lazy bunch." Julie giggled after saying that. Lea smiled and the both of them continued with their breakfast.
Back in the kitchen, Lucy was watching both girls conversing and eating together, which brought a smile to Lucy's face.
"They really look like close friends." Thought Lucy.
Another cook in the kitchen approached Lucy and was about to talk to her, but the cook noticed that Lucy was watching the couple in the corner.
"Hey, Lucy, isn't that Julie and the Lamia that she brought here?" Asked the cook.
"Yup."
"They seem to be getting along very well." The cook liked the scene between them.
"They do. Julie needed something like this to brighten her day."
"Yeah, you're right about that. By the way, didn't you know that it's rude to be spying on people? You'll look like a stalker or something."
"Oh quiet you and get back to work, we got some mouths to feed later on." Lucy playfully glared at the cook and started cleaning some dishes. The cook simply laughed at that.
"Yeah, yeah, I'm going." With that said, the cook left. The little joke actually brought a smile to Lucy's face.
"I sure am going to miss this place." Lucy simply hoped that she didn't start too soon.
After Lea and Julie were done, they put their plates and the tray away. Then, Julie took Lea to the living room.
"Okay, Lea, as we said, you can take a shower in one of the bathrooms."
"Sure."
"All right, follow me." Julie started walking to the stairs that go to the second floor, and Lea started to follow her. They go up the stairs and they reached a corridor, which went left and right. The walls and floor of the second floor seemed to be the same as the living room, but it had a long carpet in the middle of the corridor. The ceiling had lights that were turned off at the moment because the ceiling also had skylight windows, which let some sunlight in. They started to move to the right of the stairs and they quickly stopped. Lea saw a door on both the left and right. The door on the left had a black sign with printed gold-colored letters that said 'Director's Office'. The door on the right had no sign on it, which made Lea believe that it was a bedroom. Julie turned towards the door on the right and said.
"Well, this is my room." Julie pulled some keys out of her pocket, and opened the door. "Come on in." Julie kept the door open so that Lea could slide in.
"Thank you. This is her room? I wonder what it looks like." Lea slid into the room, and the inside wasnt as impressive as she thought it would be, but it looked nice. In the far left corner, there was a single twin-size bed. Right next to the bed, was a 4 drawer chest with a lamp and photos on top of it. The ceiling had a skylight window, and on two of its sides, were two lights. On the near left corner was a cabinet with a large TV. On the near right corner was a closet, with a mirror on its right. On the far right corner, was a desk with a computer on it and a trash can to its right. On the wall in front of Lea was a door. "Your room looks nice, and cozy." Lea started feeling comfortable just by looking around.
"Thanks." Responded Julie with a smile. "The bathroom is through the door straight ahead." Julie pointed to the door. "And while you shower, I'm going to get you some new clothes to change into."
"Thank you." Answered Lea with a smile, slid towards the bathroom, and went in. The bathroom looked simple. There was a toilet, a sink with a mirror, and a bathtub with a shower and with a curtain. Lea started the shower and waited for the water to get hot, since Lamias prefer warm temperatures. Meanwhile, Julie left her room to get clothes for Lea.
After getting some clothes for Lea, Julie was walking back to her room. Julie reached the door of her room, but someone stopped her from going inside.
"Julie." It turned out to be her friend, Nick, who had a serious expression on his face.
"Hey, Nick, what's up?" Asked Julie.
"We need to talk. It concerns the 'problem'." Julie quickly knew what problem he was talking about, but she didn't want to talk about it in the corridor.
"We'll talk in my room." Responded Julie with a business tone. After that, Julie and Nick walked into her room. "I hope there's some good news. I don't think we can take any more problems than what we already have." At that moment, Julie forgot that Lea was in the bathroom, put the clothes on the bed, and prepared herself for what she was going to hear.
Lea heard a door opening, figuring that it might be Julie bringing clothes for Lea, but before Lea could open the door, she started to hear voices in the other room. Lea didn't want to intrude, but she managed to hear something serious.
"So, what's the matter, Nick? How bad is it?" Lea recognized Julie's voice. Then, a male voice that Lea didn't recognized, answered.
"Really bad, according to the payments and the calculations that I made, it appears that we won't be able to pay the debt after all."
"But, what about today's payment? We delivered in time, didn't we?"
"We did, but it only got us another year at best. If we are lucky, we might go another one, but we will eventually run out of time and money."
"We can't pay another year. We simply don't get enough as before. We can barely pay our staff and our food."
"I'm sorry, Julie, but that's how it is. I know that you don't want to close this place, neither do I, but we don't have an option." Nick paused, knowing that it was going to hurt Julie. It wasn't necessary, the idea itself was already tearing her apart.
"How am I going to tell everyone that I may have to sell the house, especially the kids?" Julie was close to tears by the very idea of having to fire everyone and send the kids away to other houses. Then, after Julie said that, they heard a gasp inside the bathroom, and Julie knew who it was.
"Lea?" With that said, Lea didn't see any point in hiding behind the door, so she came out of the bathroom. "Lea, were you listening the whole time?"
"Yeah." Answered Lea, who was ashamed of that. Nick decided that it was best to end the conversation.
"I better get going. We can talk about it another time." With that said, Nick took his leave. The room fell silent afterward, until Lea decided to at least apologize for eavesdropping.
"Sorry, I just heard voices and didn't want to interrupt, but I let my curiosity get the best of me."
"It's alright. It's not that big a secret anyways. Before you woke up, I went to the bank to deliver a payment, but it turns out that it wasn't enough. People aren't adopting as much and donations were reduced because of the financial crisis that happened a while ago. At this rate, I'll have to sell the house." Julie looked at the photos on the drawer. One of the photos had a picture of Julie as a teenager with the previous owner, Mataya.
"Isn't there something that could be done, another way to pay the debt or at least get more time?"
"Don't worry about it, we'll find another way to deal with this. That was really nice of her." To make Lea feel better, Julie gave a smile, making the situation look less serious. Lea decided to just listen to Julie and headed back to the shower. Then, Julie remembered something. She forgot to give Lea the new clothes. Julie grabbed the clothes and got into the bathroom without knocking. The moment Julie opened the door, she got a big surprise because Lea just finished undressing to get into the shower. Julie couldn't deny it, she enjoyed the view. Lea had lost some of her muscles, but she was fit enough to impress. Lea's waist was slim, her skin looked smooth, her stomach was taut, and her breasts had a nice shape and firmness. Due to Lamias having a tail instead of legs, the anatomy of the lower body was different from female humans. Lamias still had the pelvis, but the lips of the 'special' part were facing forward. In short, the 'entrance' was facing forward instead of downwards, and Julie had a good look at it. "Damn." Is all Julie could think and her cheeks started to gain a blush, just like Lea's cheeks. Coming back to her senses, Julie quickly turned her head away and presented the set of clothes for Lea. "Sorry, I was just trying to bring you clothes." Lea quickly grabbed a towel and covered herself.
"It's alright. I forgot to lock the door. It's my fault." Lea started to reach for the clothes, but Julie moved.
"Let me just put them-" Julie walked forward and tripped over Lea's old clothes. Lea quickly moved forward and caught Julie. Anyone else would think that they were having some 'private' moment, but it was nothing like that. Their bodies were touching, but Julie had her clothes and Lea had a towel around her body. Lea was hugging Julie, while Julie had her arms in the air, holding the clothes. Their faces were centimeters away from each other, and they were looking at each others' eyes. Julie could see the deepness of Lea's eyes, like looking at the ocean, while Lea could see the brightness of Julie's eyes. It was a very awkward moment for the both of them, so they quickly moved away from each other, blushing because of the embarrassing moment.
"Are you okay?" Lea knew that Julie wasn't hurt, she just wanted to sound worried to make the situation less awkward.
"Y-yeah, here are your clothes." Responded Julie while looking at the clothes as she handed them to Lea.
"Thanks." Unable to stay in that awkward moment, Julie started to leave the bathroom.
"I'll be outside if you need something. Take your time." Julie quickly regained her normal cheerfulness.
"Okay." Then, Julie closed the door. "It felt good, to hug her." Outside, Julie was thinking something very similar to that.
"That felt good." After that, Julie decided to just rest and hope to cool off her head.
After that scene, Lea took her shower without a problem and dressed in a blue shirt, new jeans, new briefs, and a new sweater. The briefs were modified for the Lamias. It mostly focused on covering the front instead of the back because Lamias didn't have 'cheeks' on the back. If they needed to use the toilet to 'release', there was a hole in the lower part of their tail. Once she was finished dressing, she came out of the bathroom and found Julie seating on her bed with a book in hand. Julie heard Lea coming out of the bathroom, and Julie lifted her gaze from the book to give her attention to Lea. They were both silent, remembering the awkward moment in the bathroom. "Sorryabout what happened." Said Julie with a faint blush on her face, obviously embarrassed about it. Lea got one as well at the mention of it.
"It's okay, it was an accident." Lea started to rub the back of her head. Then, they fell into silence.
"You know, you could stay here for the day. Of course, if you have nowhere else to go." Julie didn't know why she asked that, but she didn't feel like taking it back. Lea raised her hands in front of her and waved them.
"No, no, it's alright, I don't want to cause any trouble here. Besides, you might have stuff to do, and I don't want to get in the way."
"Are you sure? I can work some other time."
"I'm sure, don't worry. Besides, you have to save as much money as possible to keep this place going. I'm just going to be another mouth to feed, a bigger one at that." Julie didn't want Lea to leave, but Julie didn't want to force Lea to stay.
"Okay. Justtake care, okay?"
"Okay, thank youfor everything."
"Don't worry, after saving me, it's the least I could do." Answered Julie with a smile.
"Welltake care." Lea started to head towards the door, and once she grabbed the doorknob, Julie got up from the bed and said
"I'll see you again?" Julie didn't know why she would ask such a thing. She had to focus on the house and the children living in it. Lea didn't know how to respond to that, but she gave an answer without thinking.
"Yeah."
"You promise?" Lea didn't want to lie to Julie by saying yes. Lea didn't know when she could see Julie.
"Yeah, I promise." Lea didn't feel right doing a promise she might not keep, but it would put Julie at ease, if only for a little while. "Good bye." Lea left without looking back.
"Good bye." Julie gave a small wave, and started to feel all alone in her room. "I hope to see you again."
Lea reached the stairs, and went down. Once she was in the living room, someone recognized Lea, and said.
"Hey there, Lea." Lea turned around and saw that it was the Lizardman that was at Julie's room.
"Hello, uhh" Lea didnt know his name.
"Nick, just call me Nick. I'm surprised Julie didn't mention me, especially since I helped her bring you here. Talk about ungrateful, right?" Lea could tell that he wasn't offended, he was joking around.
"It probably slipped her mind. Anyways, thanks for helping me." Lea could see that Nick was a good guy, so she felt at ease with him.
"No problem." Nick gave a friendly smile to Lea.
"Well, I got to go, have a good day, Nick."
"You're leaving? Why?"
"Well, you have enough problems as it is, and I don't want to get in the way."
"Well, if that's the case, I'll walk with you. I was already heading home for today."
"Okay." With that said, they head towards the door, and went outside of the house. Once outside, Lea started to ask questions for Nick. "Is there really no way to save the house?"
"You worry about it? Or is it because of Julie?" After Nick asked that, Lea started to blush.
"It's not like that, we're just friends. Besides, I don't know if she likes girls."
"Oh, she likes them, believe me. I know her well enough." Nick was okay with it.
"She does? Then, that explains it."
"Explains what?"
"Uh, nothing, don't worry about it." Lea started to give a nervous giggle, hoping that Nick wouldnt try to look further into it.
"Okay. Well, back to your question, we simply try to get this place going, but it's getting hard, especially for Julie. If we are lucky, we might survive another year, 2 years at best."
"I wish there was something that I could do. After all that she did for me, it would be the least I could do for her."
"I'm sure your time with her was good enough, it might have lifted her spirits to keep going." After hearing that, Lea dropped her head.
"I might have ruined it by leaving."
"Don't worry. It takes more than this to get her down. Besides, I'm sure you can visit anytime that you like." The knowledge that Julie made a good friend with people like Lea, brought a smile to Nick. "Lea looks very sincere about her wish to help." They finally reached Nick's car. "Need a lift?"
"No thanks, I'll just slide to the city."
"Okay." Nick got into his car, and started the engine. "Take care of yourself, and I hope to see you again, any friend of Julie is a friend of mine."
"Thanks, you too, Nick." After their farewells, Nick drove away.
Lea started to head back to the city, back to her old life as another nobody. At least she knew that someone in that house worried about her. Lea just slid around the city, doing nothing in particular. While sliding around, she couldn't let go of the knowledge that Julie was having problems with her debt. Lea had been thinking of ways to help Julie, but Lea couldn't come up with anything. She only finished high school, and she never went to college, so she couldn't find some job that could pay her enough. She didn't know anyone that could lend her some money. She didn't even have any friends to call for. Lea could only sit in a corner and beg for money, and even then, she had to worry about getting something to eat for herself. Lea quickly ran out of ideas because she didn't have many options to begin with. After sliding around for a while, she decided to rest in a park nearby, and took a seat under a tree. Lea felt so worthless at that moment. She couldn't help the one person that made her feel something more than just trash on the street. Lea felt like she let Julie down.
"Isn't there anything that I can do?" Lea slammed her fist on the ground, which it didn't hurt her because the ground was soft. Then, something hit her, looked at her closed fist, and she started to remember something. Lea remembered the one thing that she was actually good for, and it paid well too. The one thing that made her famous enough to appear on TV, to get interviews, to be recognized. It was also the one thing that turned her into a greedy, ignorant, and disrespectful person. "Things will be different this time, I won't let it corrupt me, I won't let it change me again. I will do it right this time. I will do it for the right reasons, not just for myself." Once she realized that, Lea got up, ready to help Julie. She was ready to return to the boxing ring.

Chapter 2: The Return.
Lea headed straight to the one place that could train her to become the world champion. She headed to Alonso's gym, her previous gym. It had been a long time since Lea went back to the gym, she didn't know if the gym was still open, she could only hope that it was. Lea arrived to the street that the gym was located. Some mighty power answered her call because the gym was just across the street and it was still open. It was the middle of the afternoon by the time Lea got there, and she could see people in there. Even after knowing that, Lea couldn't go in, and she knew why. She didn't left in the best terms with everyone. Sliding in just like that would have been a waste of time because they would kick her out of the gym, so she decided to do something else. Lea was going to wait for Alonso to come out and try to talk to him alone. If she managed to apologize and convince Alonso to train her once again, Lea was sure that she would get the championship belt in no time, or at least win some tournament. While waiting, Lea saw some of her old gym mates leaving the gym for the day. The first person Lea saw was Salena, the one that greeted Lea on her first day. Salena didn't seem to have changed much in the time that Lea left. Lea could even see Salena's cheerfulness from afar. The next one was Alinda, who also looked the same. Alinda's height didn't seem that much different from before either, she didn't seem to have grown even a single inch. The feeling of Alinda been royalty still floated around her, especially by her looks. The last person that Lea saw was Hilda, who was also leaving the gym. Lea didn't notice it when they first met, but Hilda had some buffed muscles. Lea felt good to see them doing very well, and she started to wondered about their boxing careers. In the past, Lea didn't pay attention to any of her gym mates. She mostly kept to herself and ignored everyone, even her own coach. Lea was mostly focused on herself, she just wanted to keep winning her matches and become rich. Lea found it funny how it turned out, but she knew that she wouldn't make the same mistake twice. If she deserved a second chance, she may be forgiven for the way she treated them.
Lea waited all the way into the night, and Alonso finally left the gym, which was the moment that Lea was waiting for. Unfortunately, Lea realized something very important. She didn't know what to say to her previous coach, so Lea just started following Alonso and keeping out of his sight. That continued for a while, until Alonso turned left on a corner of the street. Lea followed him, but when she turned around the corner, Alonso was waiting for her. That surprised Lea and made her stop in her tracks.
"Can you be so kind as to tell me, who are you and why are you following me around?" Alonso had a frown on his face. Lea still had nothing to say to Alonso, so she said the only thing that came to her.
"H-hello, coach." Lea greeted with a slight wave of her hand, while dropping her head to hide her face.
"Do I know you?"
"Well, Iuh" Lea knew that it will turn out bad if Alonso realized who she was, but it was too late. Alonso took a look at Lea's face and said.
"You have some guts showing your face to me." Alonso started to glare at Lea, which made Lea lower her gaze to the floor. She couldn't look at Alonso in the eye. Lea knew that she deserved that after the way she ended things with him.
"Coach, I-" Lea started to speak with shame in her voice.
"I'm not your coach, remember?" The coach interrupted, making Lea wince.
"But, I-"
"What? I don't have all night, what do you want?" Alonso was starting to get impatient with her.
"C-could youtrain me again, please?" After Lea asked that, the both of them went quiet, until he said.
"You must be very pendeja if you think I'm going to train you again." Answered Alonso with a tone that was calling her stupid. After that, Alonso turned around, and started walking again. After seeing that, Lea started to get desperate, and started to follow him again.
"Coach, please wait."
"There's nothing more to talk about, so leave me alone and never show your face again." Alonso reached a bus that was grabbing passengers and got in. Lea had to stay outside, since she didn't have any money, and watched the bus drive away. Lea wasn't sure what to do at that point. Alonso was her only chance to return to the boxing ring and reach the championship, but he was gone. Lea started to slide away, believing that it was all just a waste of time.
Of course, what was I expecting? I was such an arrogant and greedy person. What kind of sane person would like to work with someone like that? Then, Lea remembered the person that helped her, the person that smiled at her, the person that liked to be with her, the person that gave her a reason to return to the boxing world. Lea remembered Julie and the wish to help her. The knowledge lifted Lea's spirit and Lea started to think of a way to change the Alonsos mind. After thinking long enough, she climbed on top of a building, and rested for the night, ready to put her plan into action on the next day.
Alonso was walking to his gym, ready to start another day of work, but he got an unexpected surprise. Across the street, sitting on the sidewalk, was the last person Alonso wanted to see, which was none other than Lea. She was looking straight at him, but not making any attempts to slide towards him. Alonso could see that Lea was wearing the same clothes from yesterday, but that was quickly put out of his mind because he could hardly care about it. With that in mind, he grunted with a frown on his face, and entered his gym. Alonso figured that Lea might leave later in the day to do whatever she did, and never go back to the gym. At the end of the day, Alonso started to close the gym, turning off the equipment, the lights, closing the doors, etc. After everything inside was done, Alonso walked out of the gym and got a bigger surprise. Lea was still waiting across the street, just sitting on the sidewalk. That bothered Alonso, and it put a frown on his face again. So, he just ignored her and went home. The next day was the same for Alonso, getting up from bed, dressing, eating, cleaning himself, leaving his home, getting into the bus, and heading to the gym. Once he reached the gym, he saw Lea waiting at the other side of the street. What was new for Alonso was that Lea was holding a cup and asking for money to the people walking by. After watching that, Alonso came to a conclusion. Lea was a homeless person and she wanted to be trained because she wanted to get money again. With that in mind, Alonso decided to put her out of his mind, disappointed into what Lea had turn into. Then, he walked inside the gym and started his day like always. The next day was the same, exactly the same. Alonso going back to work and Lea sitting at the other side of the street. That was taking effect on Alonso because whenever he could, Alonso would look outside of the window and see Lea sitting on the same spot. The members were noticing that Alonso was distracted.
"Coach, is something wrong?" Said a dwarf as he approached Alonso.
Dwarfs were small people. Never above the 4 feet and 10 inches, but they were one of the most resilient inter-species people in the world. Except for the size, they were very human looking. The only way to tell them apart, was with their strength and the male dwarfs tendency to have a beard.
"No, don't worry about it. Go back to your training." It was easy to tell that Alonso was in a bad mood because he was distracted by Lea, but the members never realized it. That kept going for the rest of the day, Lea sitting outside and Alonso getting distracted by her. Alonso even thought of calling the police, but Lea wasn't doing anything but sitting outside and asking for change. It was like any other homeless on the street, but Alonso was getting tired of it. That continued on and on, until on the seventh day, Alonso got enough of it. Once the gym was close, Alonso walked straight to Lea with a frown. Once Alonso reached Lea, they stared at each other, but Alonso felt something different about it. Lea didn't look at him with annoyed, smug, or angry eyes, but with eyes that were paying attention to him and were full of hope. "Follow me." After Alonso said that, he started walking away. Lea got up and started following him.
Along the way, they didn't speak a single word to each other. Lea didn't want to say anything that might ruin the chance to talk to Alonso. Lea also kept her eyes to the ground, looking at Alonso's feet to know when to turn or stop. After walking for a while, Alonso entered a restaurant and Lea followed him in. They walked to a corner of the restaurant, took their seats, and waited. Lea was looking around the dinner, which didn't look expensive, but it didn't look cheap either. It was a place where someone could get something decent to eat. Lea didn't look at Alonso straight in the eye, while Alonso was looking straight at Lea. Then, an elf waitress greeted them with a smile on her face and gave menus to both of them. Elves were not that different from humans, except for their pointy ears and their love of nature. Both Lea and Alonso had different menus. Lamias ate more than a normal human because of their long bodies, so their menus included a lot of food. Fortunately, it wasn't more expensive than human meals because it would be unfair for the inter-species people. With that in mind, restaurants were given discounts when they bought food for certain inter-species people. While Alonso was looking at the menu, Lea was looking for something cheap that she could buy, but she had very little money. Then, the waitress arrived at their table to take their orders, but Lea didn't give her order. Instead, Alonso ordered for the both of them. He ordered a steak with vegetables and salad. For Lea, he ordered a club sandwich with fruits. As for drinks, Alonso ordered lemonade for the both of them. After taking their orders, the waitress took the menus and left to give the order to the cook. While waiting for their food, they didn't say a word to each other, which made it too tense for Lea and it made her nervous. Lea was saved by the waitress arriving with their food, which would have been a good distraction, if it wasn't for a little problem. Lea didn't know if she had to eat it. She knew that she couldn't pay Alonso back and it would be rude to return it, since it was already made. With that in mind, Lea kept staring at her food, until Alonso said.
"It's going to get cold if you don't eat it." Alonso used a neutral tone, and after saying that, he continued eating.
"Huh?" Lea wasn't expecting Alonso to say anything, so she was caught by surprise.
"Your food." Alonso pointed at her plate with his fork.
"It'sfor me?" The question annoyed Alonso and he glared at Lea. After seeing that, Lea quickly grabbed her food and started eating. "Uh, yes, thank you." Her hands were clean because she went to the bathroom before Alonso talked to her. Once they were done with their food, the tension rose up again. Then, Alonso spoke with a neutral tone.
"Well?"
"Huh?"
"You got food and drink, why are you still sitting here with me?" He thought that Lea would leave after eating, but she was still in her seat.
"Ineed you to train me, please." Leas eyes were pleading to him.
"You're still with that? Why do you want me to train you?"
"Well, I need the money-" Lea was interrupted by Alonso.
"Ahhhh, so that was it, you just wanted money again, right?"
"No no, it's nothing like that." Lea dropped her gaze to her hands on her tail. "Someone helped me a while back and I just want to pay back the favor."
"Drug dealers? Bank loans?"
"What? No, please believe me. It's not with criminals or anything like that." Said Lea, but Alonso wasn't convinced at all. He thought that Lea was just acting, so that he would accept training her again. Then, Alonso thought of a plan to see if Lea was been honest about it or not.
"Come to the gym tomorrow at midday, and then we'll see if it's true." Alonso used a neutral tone again. With that said, Alonso left the payment for the meal, his seat, and started to leave the restaurant.
"Uh, yes, I'll be there." Lea didn't understand what Alonso meant by it, but she wasn't going to give up. She was going to take any chance that she could get.
The next day, Lea went to the gym at midday, and she could see that there were people inside the gym. Lea wasn't sure if she wanted to meet her old gym mates, but Alonso told her to go at midday, so she didn't have a choice. Gathering her courage, she opened the door, and slid in. Inside, she could see that everyone was focused on their training, and Alonso was supervising everything. Once he noticed Lea, he walked towards her.
"So, you came after all. Come with me." Said Alonso with a neutral face, and he started to walk towards the ring. Lea noticed three Lamias that were waiting close to the ring. Lea knew those Lamias, but didn't expect to see them all together again. Once Lea and Alonso were close enough, Salena noticed them.
"Hey, coach, what did you gathered us here for?" Asked Salena with a bored face.
"Calm down, Salena, the coach must have a good reason to call us here." Said Alinda with a civilized voice.
"Probably to test the new girl." Said Hilda, who thought that the day was about to be interesting. Once Lea and Alonso reached the three Lamias, Salena started to talk to Lea.
"Hey, are you the coach's new member? The name's Salena." Salena greeted with the cheerfulness that Lea remembered. Lea didn't know if she had to answer or not, but she thought that it was better to get it out of the way.
"Um, I-I'm-" Lea started to say something, but Alinda interrupted her.
"Salena, you're too direct with people. Try to be more civilized."
"She does look like the shy type." Hilda added with a friendly smile. "Now that I look at her, she looks kind of familiar." Hilda started to look more carefully at Lea's face.
"Now that you mention it, she does look familiar to me too, but I don't remember anyone looking like her." Said Alinda, who crossed her arms and started to carefully look at Lea.
"Really, have you guys seen her before?" Asked Salena in curiosity, and that was when Alonso said.
"Of course you've met her before. This is none other than Lea Anderson." That was the biggest news that anyone could expect. They even heard someone gasp in the gym. The trio was silent, with a blank expression on their faces. Lea didn't know if that was bad or good, and she couldn't believe that Alonso would reveal her name like that.
"H-hello." Lea gave them a shy wave of her hand.
The other members started to murmur. Then, someone broke the silence in Lea's group.
"That's a good one, coach, that sense of humor of yours-" Said Salena, who was starting to laugh, but she quickly stopped when she saw Alonso's serious face.
"What is the meaning of this, coach? What is she doing here?" Said Alinda while pointing a finger at Lea, showing her discontent all over her face. Hilda didn't say anything, but she had a frown on her face.
"I-I" Lea started to panic at the sudden change, but Alonso started to speak.
"Lea wants to join our gym again."
"You can't be considering it, right?" Said Alinda in disbelief.
"I am, but with a condition." Then, Alonso directed his attention to Lea. "Listen up, Lea, you want to join the gym again? Here's how: If you avoid getting KO'ed against the three of them, then I'll take you in. If you fail, then you can forget about it. Think you can do it?" Lea knew that she couldn't beat the three of them. They have been training for a long time, while Lea didn't pay that much attention when Alonso was training her. Lea knew that, but she didn't want to give up and refused to give up.
"I'll try." Answered Lea with resolve in her voice.
"Very well, go get your gloves while they get ready." Alonso pointed at the bandages and gloves close to a column, and Lea slid there to get her equipment. Lea grabbed a pair of gloves and was about to put them on, but she was stopped. "Oye, aren't you forgetting something?"
"Um" Lea tried to figure out what Alonso was talking about, but failed to do it.
"You actually forgot about it. Oye, Fergus, go help her with the bandages." Alonso wasn't surprised that Lea forgot everything about using gloves.
"All right, coach." After Fergus said that, he headed towards Lea, and started to teach her how to wrap the bandages around her knuckles, fingers, and wrists to protect them. "Now, you can put the gloves on."
"Uh, yes, thank you, sir." Said Lea, which turned some heads towards her.
"Did she just say 'thank you'?" Thought Alinda in shock, and she tried to remember the first time that Lea said those words to anyone. Then, Fergus told her to put her breast protector, which looked like a bra. She would have been told to pick up her hair and put it in a bun, but her hair wasn't that long, so she let it loose. After Lea got her equipment ready, she headed to the ring, where Alonso and the other Lamias were waiting. Alinda's hair was long, so she put it in a bun.
"Now, you're going to fight them one by one, going from lower weight division to highest. Are you ready?" Asked Alonso.
"Yeah, I'm ready." Answered Lea, and she started to get nervous.
"Good, your first opponent will be Alinda." After Alonso said that, Alinda slid into the ring. Both contenders were in the ring and all they were waiting for was the ring of the bell.
"So, she wants to join the gym again? Well then, I'll make you regret that stupid idea." Thought Alinda, who was more than ready to fight, especially if it meant preventing Lea from joining the gym.
"O-Okay, this is it. I'm in the ring again, and I'm going to fight Alinda." Lea was nervous to be fighting with Alinda because they didn't get along from the beginning. "She's actually smaller than me, but she doesn't look the least worried about it. She's more experienced than me, so I can't let my guard down." Before starting, Alonso explained how the match would be held.
"The matches will be the same as any other. Three minutes each round, three knockdown rules, but there will be a 3 minute rest in each for Lea to recover as much as possible." Lamias fought as long as male humans because Lamias were tougher than they looked. Their strong lower bodies gave them more stamina and toughness than a normal female human. Then, the signal came, the bell ringed, which started the fight.
They both came out of their corners and started to head to the middle of the ring. Alinda used an orthodox defense with the hands up, while Lea didn't seem to have any type of defense. It was obvious that Lea didn't have any training because she was moving as if it was a street fight. Lea had her hands up, but the hands were too far apart, so it could be said that she was using a brawling style. Alinda had no problem seeing that.
"This is absurd, how does she dare fight me as if I was another street thug? I'll make her pay for that." Thought Alinda, who felt a little insulted, but she knew that it wouldn't be smart to rush in because Lea was heavier and had more power than Alinda. "I'll have to rely on counters to bring her down." Lea was thinking something different.
"I have to be careful against her. She's a trained boxer after all, even if she's smaller than me." Lea was cautious, but her face showed that she was ready to fight. Lea kept advancing, while Alinda kept her distance. "I won't get anywhere by been scared. I can't help her in this way." With that thought, Lea charged in and launched a right punch. Alinda dodged by moving to the left and struck with a left jab to the right side of Lea's head. Lea tried to hit back with a left punch, but Alinda backed away, which surprised Lea. "S-she's fast, really fast, it was like she disappeared."
"As expected, she's too predictable. This might be easier than I thought." With that in mind, Alinda stood her ground.
"When I think about it, it didn't hurt as much as I thought it would. I might be able to survive this round." Even with that knowledge, Lea was careful against Alinda because of her speed. Then, Lea noticed that Alinda wasn't moving, she was standing still. That caused Lea to keep distance from Alinda. "Why is she standing still? She has space to move around." Lea didn't know if she should risk it or play it safe.
Outside the ring, there were members watching the fight, and forgetting that they were supposed to be training. They were also confused by Alinda standing still.
"Why is she just standing there? Is she trying to go into an in-fight?" Said one member.
"No way, it's obvious that they belong to different weight divisions. Maybe she's scared of her." Said another member, and they continued on and on, but Alonso knew better.
"Can't believe that they don't know how Alinda fights, after all the time they have been here. She's a sharp out-boxer. She wouldn't do something as reckless as that. She's actually waiting for Lea to attack." Thought Alonso.
Back into the fight, both Lea and Alinda were standing still, staring at each other. Alinda didn't want that to continue, so she made the next move. Alinda rushed in, which caught Lea by surprise, and hit Lea's body with a left punch, followed by a right punch. When Lea tried to attack with a right punch, Alinda quickly slid away. Lea didn't follow and stood her ground, but Alinda did the same thing again. Alinda rushed in, gave another left and right punch to Lea's body, and moved away. Lea tried to strike, but she only hit air with a left punch. Lea stood her ground again, but that time, she was going to expect another combination to her body. Alinda rushed in and started with her right hand. Lea blocked the right punch with her left arm, and launched a right of her own, but she exposed her right side. Alinda dodged the right punch, and landed a left punch on Lea's liver, which made Lea groan in pain. That last punch let Lea know that her defense was useless, which got her frustrated.
"Damn it, I can't just stand around or she'll just attack me over and over." Thought Lea, who didn't know it, but Alinda wanted Lea to attack.
"Come on, Lea, just come in so I can finish you off." Thought Alinda, whose wish was about to be granted. Lea saw Alinda standing still again and took the opportunity.
"I have to attack, I don't stand a chance by been a sitting duck." Lea did something that she would regret doing, she charged in.
"Checkmate." Alinda was waiting for it. Lea started throwing a right punch towards Alinda. Alinda quickly slid to the right, and landed a left hook on the right side of Lea's head. Lea didn't see it coming and took full damage from the counter, making her fall face down to the mat. After seeing that, Alinda simply slid to the neutral corner, confident that the counter ended the match. "It is unfortunate for you, but this shows that you don't deserve to be here." That didn't end the match because Lea was still conscious, if only a little bit. Then, Alonso started to count.
"12"
"T-that hurtit really hurt. Everythingfeels dizzy." Thought Lea. She felt like falling asleep, her eyes were slowly closing. "It's obviousthat I can't hit her. How can Iwin?"
"345"
"Maybeit was a bad idea. I should justgive up." Then, Lea snapped back to reality after having those thoughts. "Wait, what am I thinking? I can't give up here, she needs my help. I can't let it end here, I just can't!"
"67What the?" Alonso wasn't the only one surprised. Alinda was shocked by the sight in front of her. Lea was getting up, but she was using the ropes.
"Impossible, I hit her perfectly on the side of her head, which should have shut down the brain. How can she stand up?" Thought Alinda. She knew that her punches were weak against Lea, so Alinda used a counter because it relied on the power of the opponent. In other words, Lea got punched by her own fist, and yet, she was standing up. It took a moment for Lea to fully stand up and put her hands up.
"II can keep going." Said Lea, but everyone could see that she had some damage on her, and only a minute had passed.
After hearing that, Alinda came out of her corner and the fight continued. Lea knew that her punches weren't going to land as long as Alinda could move around, so Lea came up with a plan. Lea started to charge in, which Alinda expected from Lea.
"If you want another counter, I'll be happy to oblige." Thought Alinda, and she waited for the punch, but that time was different because Lea wasn't showing signs of attacking. "Wait, is she trying to get me in an in-fight? I can't let that happen." Alinda started to move away to keep distance from Lea, but Lea continued to follow Alinda. Lea kept showing no signs of throwing any attack, which frustrated Alinda. "I can't knock her down at this rate. I have to lure her in." Alinda was waiting for the attack so much, that she didn't notice that she was trapping herself into a corner. By the time that Alinda noticed what was going on, it was too late because Alinda's back hit one of the corners. "What? When did I get here?" Then, she saw Lea approaching. "Was this her plan all along?" Alinda was surprised by that simple plan, and felt foolish for falling in it.
"I got you." Thought Lea, and she rushed in with a right punch again, which was heading to the side of Alindas head. Alinda saw the punch coming and ducked it. Then, she slid to the right side to escape the corner.
"That was close. I don't think I can take that kind punch from her." Alinda kept distance from Lea, and Alinda decided to pay more attention to her surroundings.
"I almost got her, but I can't let it get me down, I have to keep moving." Lea started to charge at Alinda, and tried to stay close as much as possible. Unfortunately, Alinda was quick and was avoiding the corners. Lea kept chasing Alinda, until Alinda decided to rush in. Lea was waiting for that, so she started the motion to throw a punch with her left hand. That time, it wasn't a straight punch, it was a diagonal uppercut, and Alinda wasn't expecting that.
"I'm too close. I can't dodge that in time." Alinda put her guard up, and Lea landed the punch on Alinda's guard. Alinda wasn't prepared for the power behind the punch. Once it landed, her guard was easily broken, and Lea tried to launch another punch with her right hand. Those around the ring were surprised to see a guard breaking so easily. The weight difference couldn't be given all the credit. There must be some large amount of strength behind Lea's punches.
"This is it, please let it land." Unfortunately, it didn't land because Alinda moved her head to the left, and slipped under the arm. The next move surprised the members, and that move was Alinda sliding far away from Lea.
"Why did she slid away? She could have landed a good blow to Lea's side from that position." One member said..
"Maybe it wasn't a good time to throw a punch at the body. After all, their effects tend to take time." Another member answered. Salena didn't believe that to be the reason behind it.
"Alinda isn't the type to let that kind of opportunity slip by. It does take time, that's true, but hitting the liver tends to do more damage than regular body blows. Alinda might not have moved away as a strategy, but she might have gotten scared of Lea's punch." Thought Salena. She knew that very well because she had been training with Alinda for a long time. After seeing that, Salena started to get worried about Alinda.
Back in the ring, Alinda was getting away from Lea, still feeling the power behind Lea's punch.
"My goodness, what a ridiculous strength, my right arm almost went numb because of it. It might have surprised me, but it won't happen again, there's another punch that could end the fight quickly." Thought Alinda, who was surprised but far from giving up. Alinda put her next plan into action. She waited once again for Lea to get close. Lea got confident because Alinda moved away after taking a tremendous punch from Lea.
"I hit her, maybe not directly to her body, but I managed to hit her. I can do this." Thought Lea with her new found confidence. Then, she recklessly charged in and threw a right punch at Alinda. Alinda ducked the punch and threw a left straight directly at Lea's body. That punch landed where Alinda wanted, directly on Lea's solar plexus. Lea instantly felt the effects of that punch. She started to feel tremendous pain in her body, and that wasn't the worst part. Lea also started to feel out of air.
"Whatwas that? I can hardlybreathe." Lea froze because of the effects of the blow to her body and Alinda didn't let the opportunity pass by. Alinda hit Lea's face with a right punch, which forced Lea to back away.
"I got her, the lack of air and the damage to the body will make her slow." Alinda started to charge in.
"She's coming, what do I do? What do I do?" Lea started to panic. Out of desperation, Lea covered up by protecting her body with her forearms, and her head with her hands. Alinda saw that, but didn't care, and she started throwing punches. Lea saw the punches coming and prepared herself to block them. Alinda continued to launch lefts and rights. Lea continued to defend and block all the punches. After blocking a few punches, Lea started to move her upper body around while blocking, making it harder for Alinda to hit Lea.
"Wait, it's not hitting, none of them is hitting." Lea was surprised and relieved at the same time. Alinda soon realized what was going on, which left her surprised.
"She started to weave. If that's the case, then there's no point in continuing this. Where did she learn this?" Alinda decided to slide back and started to think in another plan.
No one in the gym could believe it, but they saw Lea use a good defense.
"When did she learn that? Had she boxed somewhere else?" Said one member.
"I don't think so. She must have learned it by mistake." Said another member.
"It doesn't matter if it was a mistake or not, Lea is using the defense like nothing. She never paid attention when I was training her, so she never learned it from me. I'm surprised. Lea seems to be a fast learner, but to think she would learn that move out of nowhere." Thought Alonso, and he started to realize that it was a good idea to put Lea against them. It would be easy to see her potential, but above all, her determination to fight.
Lea realized what she was doing and decided to keep her arms closed.
"This is working better than what I was doing. I can do this." Thought Lea, and she charged in while keeping the new defense. Alinda waited for the attack, but it didn't come, and she realized that Lea was getting close.
"She's fighting in the swarmer style, but she was fighting like a brawler. How can she change so quickly?" Alinda was surprised by that development. Once Lea was close enough, she launched a left punch, but Alinda dodged to the right and launched a right punch towards Lea's body. Leas left didnt have that much power behind it, which made it easy to pull back. Lea blocked Alinda's right punch with the left arm and quickly launched a right punch to Alinda's head. Alinda quickly used her left hand to block the incoming attack to her head, but Lea's punch sent her hand flying back to her face. Out of desperation, Alinda decided to slide back, but Lea pursued. Alinda threw a right straight at Lea's body, but Lea covered her body and blocked it. At that point, Alinda realized something about the position of Lea's hands. "Impossible, this looks like the Peek-a-boo stance, where did she learned that?"
"Hey, that looks like the Peek-a-boo, right? A member outside of the ring asked while pointing at Lea.
"Now that you mention it, it does look like it." While the members kept talking about it, Alonso thought.
"It looks like the Peek-a-boo stance because it is the Peek-a-boo stance, but I don't think Lea knows about it. She might have used it without thinking." After Alonso finished that thought, he started to realize that Lea seemed to be comfortable using it. I'll help her get use to it, if she manage to complete my challenge.
Two minutes have passed and there was no sign of Lea going down any time soon. Alinda was getting frustrated by the second because she couldn't bring down someone who had no training in boxing.
"What is this? This is humiliating, to be defeated by some street thug who can't tell a jab from a straight. I won't let it end like this." Thought Alinda, and she charged in. Alinda started to attack with quick hooks in hopes that those power shots would weaken Lea's guard and make Lea attack. Lea decided to throw a left punch, but Alinda dodged by slipping under the arm. Then, Alinda moved to Lea's left and gave a 1-2 combination to Lea's ribs. Lea staggered and Alinda launched two short uppercuts to Lea's body. That made the pain come back to Lea's body, which made Lea groan. That didn't stop Lea and she tried to attack again. That made Alinda slide back because she wasn't expecting Lea to retaliate. "Impossible, what is driving her to keep going? Why isn't she falling?" It was starting to make Alinda nervous, to the point of looking Lea as if she was an abomination.
"It really hurts, it hurts so much, but if I stop here, if I fall again, I might not get up again. All I can do is just keep punching, or I'll feel even more pain." Thought Lea, who was determined to keep going, regardless of the pain. She knew that it was getting bad for her, she had to keep punching, she had to keep moving forward. Otherwise, it would go back to how it was, Lea becoming a worthless person and a failure. "I don't want to fail again. I don't want to fail to the only person that gave me purpose." That determination was driving her past her limit. Lea launched a diagonal right upper. Alinda dodged to the left and landed a right punch on Lea's face. That made Lea fall on her back, with Alinda standing tall and heading back to her neutral corner.
"Damn, that must have done it. She won't get up after that." Said one member.
"It might be for the best. Those body blows were starting to look very painful." Another member added.
"123" Alonso started to count. "They might be right, but for some reason, I just don't feel like stopping the match. Why is that?" Alonso believed it to be the end, but he didn't realize that he wanted to see how far Lea could go. Alonso strongly believed that it wasn't all Lea had.
"Finally, it's over. I might not like her at all, but this was becoming more inhuman that it already was. I must admit, I was getting nervous from her abnormal endurance, but-" Alinda's thoughts were interrupted by someone's gasp. Turning around, Alinda saw something that she would never forget in her career as a boxer. Right before her eyes, was Lea standing up again. "N-no way, this is impossible, what is she made of? Why is she standing up again? Can't she see that it's impossible to beat me?" Alinda couldn't believe it, and her disbelief was shown on her face.
"456" Alonso kept counting. Lea was showing that getting up was difficult for her, but she was still rising from the mat. Also, Lea was breathing hard, showing that the strike was effective. Fortunately, Lea was standing with her hands up, ready to keep fighting.
"II cankeep fighting." Said Lea, who was breathing hard, and her face was starting to show some signs of swelling, but not enough to block her view. Alinda was shocked to hear Lea say that. Alinda landed enough body blows to take the air out of Lea and cause tremendous pain. No matter the species, Lea shouldn't be able to keep fighting after taking that kind of punishment.
"It doesn't matter, she can't-" Alinda's thoughts were interrupted by Lea rushing in, catching Alinda by surprise. First, Lea threw a left punch, and Alinda dodged to the left, but Lea quickly threw a right punch. Alinda blocked the next attack and the force drove her back. "Howhow can she keep throwing these powerful punches? Is this the strength of a previous champion? No, I won't accept that, she's no champion, and I will prove it." Alinda was determined to finish the fight and charged in. Alinda threw a left hook at Lea's body, but Lea blocked it with the right arm. Then, Alinda threw a right straight at Lea, but Lea blocked the attack with the left arm and threw a right punch at Alinda. Lea barely missed because Alinda slipped under the attack and hit Lea's head with a left jab. Lea was able to absorb the jab and kept standing. Lea started to rush in and Alinda threw a left jab to keep Lea away. Lea blocked it with the Peek-a-boo defense without knowing it. Alinda knew the Peek-a-boo very well, she had fought people using that type of defense, which was perfect for in-fighters, but Lea didn't have any training. Alinda, who's an out-boxer, wasn't good against in-fighters and Lea seemed to know that.
"I haveto stay close to her. That wayshe can't attack properly." Lea couldn't ignore all the damage that she had sustained, but her determination and wish to help Julie helped Lea to keep going. Unfortunately, even with her determination, Lea had limits.
Outside of the ring, everyone was watching in awe at the strength of a strange Lamia, who could take a counter and still get up to fight back.
"We got to admit it. She's doing pretty good on her own."
"That's true, I was thinking she would be clumsier or commit some foul, but she hasn't done any so far."
"She could become better if she joins."
"If she can join." Said Alonso, who didnt want to say it, but he had to admit that Lea was doing pretty good. "If she had listened to me, she would have become better than this." Alonso wasn't showing it, but he was starting to feel hope for Lea. Then, the manager arrived at the gym.
"Hello, coach. Is Alinda sparring with a new member?" Said Alfred, who was always happy to see new potential members. Alonso turned his head towards Alfred and said.
"Oh, Alfred, you arrive at a good moment. That's not a new member yet. She's fighting to see if she can join." Alonso turned his head back towards the match.
"She seems to be doing well, what's her name?"
"You don't remember her? Take a better look at her. Just add longer hair than she has right now." Alonso was about to have some fun. Alfred did as the coach said and it didn't take him long to realize who she was.
"Is thatLea? When did she get here? I thought she was dead."
"She got here a while ago and has been fighting Alinda for almost the entire round."
"She has lasted this long? Does she have any type of training? Does she remember what she learned on her time here?"
"She didn't learn anything here. She can't even throw a proper jab, but she's learning new things on her own." Alonso had to admit that it was a surprise that Lea was learning on her own. She never followed instructions, so she didn't know any technique. Anyone who remembered her would know that. At that moment, Alonso will see if Lea could last the few moments left in the round.
Lea was still chasing after Alinda, and it could be seen that the both of them were getting tired of moving around. Lea was more tired than Alinda because Lea had taken more damage than Alinda, but Lea refused to give up. Alinda was tired of the fight, and she started to get desperate.
"At this rate, I'm going to lose. I have to risk it all in this last punch." Thought Alinda, and she dashed forward. Lea kept going forward, and once she was in reach, she threw a diagonal upper right. Alinda quickly slid to the left and threw a right straight. "This is it, Lea, this is the end for you. This is why you don't deserve to return to the gym." Alinda was confident in her victory because her punch was a few centimeters away from landing on Lea's face.
"No, I won't fail her, I won't." Thought Lea. She didn't know what to do to avoid the attack and decided to just take it, determined not to let it bring her down. Fortunately, Lea wasn't punched because the bell ringed.
Alinda stopped her attack before it could land.
"What? No, it can't be." Alinda couldn't believe it. Frustration and disbelief could be seen in her face, but it was true. The round ended and she wasn't able to bring Lea down. "II lost to her?" Alinda was never knocked down, but the fact that she wasn't able to defeat Lea, felt like she lost.
"I-it's over? Diddid I won?" The both of them were frozen in the same position, with Alinda having her fist close to Lea's head, and Lea looking at the fist.
"Alright, Alinda, the round is over, get out of the ring." Alonso was worried about Lea getting knocked down again, but he started to calm down. Of course, he wasn't letting it show in his face because he kept a neutral face. Those around him couldn't believe it, but Lea managed to survive the round against Alinda. After hearing Alonso, Alinda pulled her fist away from Lea and started to slide away from her. Alinda kept a serious face so no one could see her disappointment, but Lea stopped her.
"W-wait." Said Lea. Alinda stopped and turned around, a frown starting to appear on her face.
"What?"
"Well, II just" Lea started to look down, getting intimidated by Alinda's gaze.
"Would you just say it already?" Alinda quickly got tired of Leas stuttering. Lea lifted her eyes off the floor, looked straight into Alinda's eyes, and said.
"I'm sorry." Alinda got shocked after hearing Lea apologizing. That day was starting to give a lot of surprises to everyone. "II know thatI wasn't nice in the beginning andYou don't really need to forgive me, butif you could give me another chance." Lea didn't know what more to say and dropped her eyes to the floor again, but she came up with another way to communicate. Lea took off her right glove and put the hand forward. "M-my name is Lea, Lea Anderson, n-nice to meet you." Alinda understood what Lea was doing. Lea wanted to start over with Alinda, who didnt expect that. She remembered Lea been rude and ignorant with everyone else. After seeing that, Alinda's contempt left her because she didn't see the same Lea from before. Alinda saw another Lea, who wanted to fix her mistakes, and she was starting with Alinda. Lea started to get nervous because Alinda was been too quiet. "I guessI don't deserve it. I understand." Lea was about to take her hand back, but she felt someone grabbing her hand. Lea lifted her eyes and saw Alinda's hand grabbing Lea's hand. Then, Lea lifted her eyes and saw Alinda smiling at her.
"Alinda Lopez, a pleasure to meet you." Said Alinda. Lea also smiled at the sight and the knowledge that someone forgave her mistake. Then, the moment was interrupted by a member.
"Hey, Alinda, are you going to kiss up or what? She has to rest for the next match."
"Shush you. Come on, Lea, you need to rest." Alinda started to pull Lea to the corner.
"Oh, right." Lea almost forgot about the damage that she sustained in her round against Alinda. Once they were in Leas corner, they got a stool, and Lea sat on it. Then, Alinda asked.
"How are you feeling?" Alinda was worried. She knew that she was pretty rough with Lea, so she expected Lea to be seriously injured.
"I haven't noticed it before, but everything is starting to hurt."
"Thankfully, you have more than two minutes to rest because you're going to need them."
"Why?"
"Because you're next opponent is Salena. Don't worry, I'll be in your corner and help you as much as I can." That calmed Lea, knowing that Alinda, an experienced boxer, was going to help Lea. Unfortunately, it simply calmed her a little bit. Lea could only hope that she was able to survive the next round.

Chapter 3: Forgiveness.
Lea was sitting in her corner, while Alinda was using a towel to wipe off the sweat from Lea's body. A bucket filled with water was close to them, which Alinda would use to refresh Lea. Once the sweat was wiped off, Alinda put the towel into the water and wrapped it around Lea's mid-section, which made Lea groan in pain.
"Does this help?" Asked Alinda.
"Yes, thank you." Answered Lea with a smile, feeling some of the pain going down. Unfortunately, Lea's face showed that Lea was still feeling some pain.
"Don't worry about it. Now listen, those punches that you were throwing against me, they won't work against Salena. You have to learn better attacks than those." Said Alinda with a serious face.
"Can you teach me?" Leas eyes were sincerely pleading to Alinda.
"I can tell you the most basics, the rest will depend on your ability to learn them as fast as you can."
"Please, teach me." Alinda could see Lea's willingness on Lea's face.
"Okay, pay close attention." Alinda put her hands up in her normal defensive stance. "Now, this punch is called a jab, it's not powerful to KO someone, but it's fast and can be used to stop someone's movement." Then, Alinda threw two left jabs to demonstrate. "Remember to use your left hand for that, this prepares the right hand for the knockout. Also, make the jab quick. To do that, you have to loosen the arm as much as possible and snap the wrist at the right point. Understood?"
"Y-yeah, I'll do my best." It made Alinda happy to know that Lea was ready to learn.
"Good, this will be effective against Salena because she's an in-fighter. She's going to try to get close to you and start attacking with more compact punches. You have to learn that too, make your punches smaller, don't throw long swings because they are easy to predict and dodge."
"Like you did, right?"
"Exactly, you should punch like this." Then, Alinda threw two different punches. "These are hooks and uppercuts. To do the hook, you have to lift the elbow to 90 degrees, bend the arm at the same degree, and twist the body to launch the hook in a horizontal arc. This punch is a knockout one, just like the uppercut. To throw the uppercut, you have to start your fist from the level of your mid-section, and then you rotate your body and throw the punch in an upward motion. You don't need to lift yourself to add power because the power comes from the hip. You need to be close to your opponent to throw it, if you're too far, it will most likely miss. Want me to repeat something?"
"No, I'm all right, thank you."
"No problem." Alinda removed the towel from Lea's body and started to check the damage. "How are you feeling?"
"Much better than before, the pain seems to have lessen, thank you."
"Glad to hear that. Now let me tell you about Salena. As I told you before, she's an in-fighter, she will try to get close to you and start attacking, but she has a specific tactic. What she does first is attack the body, and just body. That's what she wants you to think, once she sees that you drop your guard to protect the body, she's going to attack the exposed head, so you have to be careful about guarding the body."
"How do I know when she's going to attack the head?" Asked Lea with hope in her eyes.
"Wellyou don't, she makes it very complicated to predict, sometimes she just keeps hitting the body for a full round or two. Other times she hits the head as soon as you drop the guard to the body." Answered Alinda, worried that she couldn't help in that area, but Lea didn't seem affected.
"No problem, I'll come up with something if necessary."
"You're right, just like you did with the Peek-a-boo.
Peek-a-boo?
Yeah, the Peek-a-boo.
What's that?
It's the defense that you used against me, don't you remember? Lea had to think hard on that because she was too focused on surviving the round.
Nope, I don't even know how it looks like.
Well, it looks like this. Alinda put the same defense that Lea used.
That's the Peek-a-boo?
Yeah, which is the same that Salena uses.
So, should I use it?
Yes, I think it suits you because you were using it very well in our match.
Oh, okay.
Now, let me tell you something else. I'm in the lightweight division, while Salena is in the welterweight division. It's two weight divisions below you, so her attack power would be the double of mine."
"Double?! Your attacks already hurt, but now she has the double of that?!"
"Don't worry. I used counters, so it might not be as bad as before."
"Glad to hear that." Said Lea in relief.
"That doesn't make it any easier, you still need to be careful."
"Uh, yes, sorry about that." After that, the coach announced the end of the break.
"Okay, the break is over, seconds out."
"Good luck, Lea. Remember, keep your guard up and attack when you see a chance."
"Got it." With that, Lea got up from the stool and Alinda took it with her.
"If nothing else, you'll have to rely on that tremendous willpower and hope for the best." Alinda remembered the times that she thought she was the victor, only to see Lea get up from the mat and keep going. The memory gave Alinda hope. Hope that Lea will survive the round.
"Salenashe was the first person in this gym to actually welcome me. She might consider this more personal than Alinda, but I can't go easy on her." Lea fears that it might be too late to fix things with Salena, but Lea won't give up until she gave it a try. When Lea saw Salena's face, she could feel anger in Salena's eyes, which made Lea worry. "I-I wonder what she's thinking?"
"I'm going to make her pay for that." That was the only thing that Salena was thinking at the moment. She didn't care if Lea was too injured or not, Salena was going to fight with everything she got. Then, the bell ringed to announce the beginning of the match. Both started to head to the middle of the ring, but Salena charged in using the Peek-a-boo defense.
"Right now?! She's coming already?!" Thought Lea, who didn't expect Salena to attack so quickly. Lea quickly put her own Peek-a-boo defense just in time to block Salena's left uppercut to Lea's body. Then, Salena threw a right hook at Lea's body, which Lea blocked. Alinda saw that from Lea's corner and started to give some advice to Lea.
"Lea, don't let her get the pace of the match, you have to brake her rhythm!" Yelled Alinda. She forgot to mention that because she was in a hurry to teach Lea the punches.
"How do I do that? She doesn't give me a chance to attack this close." Thought Lea, and she desperately started to think of something. Then, Lea remembered what Alinda taught her. "Close? That's it, the uppercut!" Salena threw a left uppercut at Lea's body, but Lea blocked the punch with the right arm and threw a left uppercut at Salena's body. Salena quickly used her right arm to block the punch, but she was pushed back.
"What the? What's with that insane power? No wonder Alinda was careful of it." Thought Salena in surprise. She wasn't expecting that kind of power behind Lea's punch, especially since Lea used an uppercut. Salena rushed in, but didn't attack. Instead, Salena got closer to Lea, who covered her body with her arms.
"She's going to attack the body again. I'll parry and strike." That was what Lea thought, but it was wrong because she left her head unprotected. Salena took the opportunity and punched Lea on the left side of her head. Lea immediately fell on her side, while Salena headed to the neutral corner. No one expected that quick down in just thirty seconds.
"Oh no, she used a long swing to strike the head, while Lea believed that Salena was going to attack the body. It was completely unpredictable where Salena was going to strike." Thought Alinda, who didnt expect Salena to strike and take Lea down so quickly. Alinda didn't like the look of things, and started to worry about Lea's safety. Alinda quickly tried to get Lea up by yelling at her. "Lea, get up, there's a way to stop her from attacking, you have to remember the jab!!!"
"123" Alonso started the count again. "Lea really handled Salena's attacks to the body, but you can't expect the opponent to attack the same area twice. Then again, Salena was quick to attack the head. She usually attacks the body a little bit more before striking the head. She must be in a rush to finish this." Thought Alonso, who kept counting, and Lea wasn't showing signs of getting up. "456"
Lea was still conscious, but the world was blurry and she felt like she was spinning around the room. "Where did that come from? Was it an uppercut? Hook?" Thought Lea, and she was starting to get up at that point, but it was easy to see that her consciousness wasn't completely back. Once she was up, she lifted her arms and the match continued. Salena dashed towards Lea, and Alinda yelled at Lea.
"Lea, she's coming, use a jab!!" After hearing that, Lea started to throw a jab.
"A jab won't be enough to stop me, I'll just block it." Thought Salena. Once the attack landed on her guard, it stopped Salena in her tracks. "Impossible! That was a jab? It was too heavy to be a jab, is it because of the weight difference?" Lea kept throwing left jabs and keeping Salena away.
"That's it, Lea, keep her away from you!" Yelled Alinda, but she was worried that Lea might not be conscious yet. "Come on, Lea, wake up."
"I'm hitting somethingbut what is it?" Thought Lea. Then, she saw Salena trying to charge in, which made Lea throw a left jab out of surprise. The jab stopped Salena in her tracks again and Lea noticed it. "Wait, was I down? I don't remember well, but I do remember that hit just now. It stopped her. I can use the jab to stop her." Lea kept throwing left jabs, preventing Salena from charging in, but Salena was planning on avoiding the jabs.
"The jab is strong, but it has to hit me." Thought Salena. Lea threw a left jab again, but Salena ducked the jab and rushed in. Salena threw a long right punch again, but Lea saw the punch and blocked it with the left arm. Then, Salena threw a left uppercut at Lea's body, but Lea blocked it with her right arm. "What? How did she avoid my attacks? Can she read my patterns?" Salena was surprised, but it didn't let it stop her.
"Whoa! That was close, I just saw her right arm move and I just tried to block, and I managed to do it." Lea blocked out of luck, which left her more surprised than Salena. Salena started to attack Lea's body again using a left uppercut. Lea blocked it with the right arm and threw a left hook at Salena's head. Salena ducked the punch and threw a left hook at Lea's body, but Lea quickly blocked it with the right arm. Salena tried a right uppercut to Lea's chin, but Lea quickly moved back and avoided it. Then, Lea threw a left jab at Salena. Salena blocked the jab and tried to rush in, but she was stopped by Lea's heavy jabs.
"Lea learns fast, she can fight me off and defend from me quickly. Was she in another gym before?" Salena was in disbelief. She couldn't believe that Lea, who seemed to just grasp boxing, learned quickly enough just by fighting against Salena. When Salena thought about it carefully, she came to a realization. "Wait, I know how to fight her now."
Outside of the ring, Fergus was watching with a serious expression. "Sir, how is it that Lea learns this fast in just two rounds? I thought that she didn't learn anything in her time here." Said Fergus.
"She must have learned to adapt quickly when it came to fighting because of her time fighting in her childhood. In boxing, anything could happen, and you must be ready to adapt to the situation or you will lose." Alonso could see Lea returning to the boxing world, and becoming the world champion once again. "No, it's too soon. Things have changed over the years and she will need training to survive the matches. Maybe, she was serious about returning, but I haven't seen enough yet." With that in mind, Alonso kept watching carefully.
The fight had lasted one minute, and everyone liked the match so far. Once ready, Salena started to put her plan into action. She rushed in and made the motion to launch a right uppercut. Lea saw that and prepared to block it, but Salena pulled the right to throw a left hook.
"Oh no, I thought it was a right uppercut, I can't parry the attack." Thought Lea in surprise, and she desperately tried to think of something. She knew that she won't block it with her arm in time, and Salena knew that.
"I got you this time." Thought Salena, confident that her punch would land, but Lea blocked it with her right shoulder. "Damn, not fast enough." It didn't matter to Salena, she'll eventually hit Lea by using feints to make her open herself up. Alinda knew what Salena was doing and tried to warn Lea.
"Be careful, Lea, she's going to be using feints! Stay close and put the pressure on her!" Yelled Alinda. She knew that it was going to become a hitting contest, but it was the only way to stop the feints. She just hoped that Lea could come out on top.
"All right." Thought Lea. With trust on Alinda, Lea opened her Peek-a-boo defense, and threw a right uppercut, followed by a left one. Lea started to throw a barrage of compact hooks and uppercuts, not giving a chance to retaliate. None of the punches was hitting Salena because she was dodging and blocking with her Peek-a-boo defense.
"This is bad. She's throwing them really fast for me to find an opening. All I can do right now is to wait for her to throw a wide swing so I can escape." Thought Salena. It was a simple plan, but it was all Salena could do to avoid getting knocked out by Lea. Unfortunately, Lea's punches were too strong and they were damaging Salena to a degree. Alinda noticed that, and she desperately tried to let Lea know about it.
"Keep it up, Lea, it's hurting her!" Yelled Alinda. Lea continued her quick barrage of attacks, but her condition wasn't the best at the moment, and she started to slow down.
"This is my chance." Thought Salena. She saw the opportunity when Lea threw a right hook at Salena's head. Salena ducked the punch, and stood up with a left uppercut, which landed on Lea's body. Lea groaned in pain and started to slide away from Salena, but Salena didn't let the chance slip away and chased after Lea. Lea was quickly caught and Salena threw a right straight at Lea. Lea moved her head to the right and the punch missed. Then, Lea retaliated with a right uppercut to Salena's body, which hit its mark. Salena groaned in pain and was left bent over. Everyone could tell that it hurt because it was written on Salena's face. That made Alinda believe that victory was close.
"Lea, now's your chance, finish the fight!" Yelled Alinda. Unfortunately, Lea didn't throw another punch. "What? Why doesn't she..?" Thought Alinda, but then, she noticed why. Lea was running out of stamina and was trying to recover. "This is bad, at this rate she's going to go down again, and I don't know if she's going to stand up again." Lea was breathing hard, trying to get air back into her lungs, while Salena was still stunned by the force of Lea's punch.
"Just give me a few more seconds, just a little more." Thought Lea. Meanwhile, Salena was still trying to recover from the blow to her body.
"What? I can barelystay up." Thought Salena. The attack caused serious damage, but it didn't take her long to recover because of her trained body. Not wanting Lea to recover, Salena started to attack with a barrage of attacks to Lea's body. Lea tightened her defense to avoid as much damage as possible, but her arms were getting tired of the punishment and started to loosen up.
"Oh no, I can't take much more, I have to do something." Lea tried to maintain calm while trying to think. Unfortunately, Lea's guard broke, and Salena started to throw a right straight, but Lea also threw a right straight. They both hit their targets, making it into a simultaneous attack. The exchange forced Salena to back off from each other, but it seemed that the damage done to Salena was the same as Lea.
The members watching the match couldn't believe that Salena was having difficulties when it came to in-fighting.
"Is this true? Salena is the best in-fighter among the other boxers in here. Is it because of the weight difference?" Said one members.
"Could be, Salena is welterweight, while Lea could be in the middleweight. Maybe that's why Salena is having more difficulties taking her down." Said another member.
"We have to take into consideration that Lea has taking more damage than Salena and she's in worse shape, so it could be said that they are at the same level right now." Said Fergus with a serious face, but he was still surprised that Lea had been holding on for so long.
"Now, the question is, how far can she go?" Said Hilda, who had kept quiet ever since the matches, with a serious face. No one knew how she was feeling because her expression was hard to read at that moment. They believed that she wasn't very happy to see Lea again. Everyone knew that Lea wasn't friendly with anyone, even with Salena, who was the friendliest among them. At that moment, Lea looked different, as if she had changed for the better, but many found it hard to believe.
Both boxers were keeping distance from each other, thinking on how to bring down the other, but it was mostly Salena who was thinking that. Lea was more worried of what Salena was going to do next. Even with the practice gloves, Salena's punches still caused damage.
"What should I do? Attacking would simply lead to another hitting match, but if I wait, she's going to take the advantage. At this point, I can only keep fighting, I can't let Julie down." Thought Lea, and decided to charge in. "If it's a hitting match, then I'll keep fighting. No matter how many times I get punched, no matter how much it hurts, I'll keep fighting until the end. This is the only way I can save her." The move caught Salena by surprise. She was still damaged from the exchange, but she was more surprised by the determination in Lea's eyes.
"I thought she would wait for the damage to subside, but she's ignoring it. No matter, I'll beat her up until she falls." Thought Salena. Then, she rushed in, not wanting to lose in her own specialty. Salena started with a left uppercut to Lea's body. Lea blocked the attack, and Salena threw a right hook at Lea's body, which was also blocked. Lea tried to attack with a right uppercut to Salena's body, which Salena blocked. After seeing that Lea's face was open, Salena threw a right hook at Lea's face. "This is it, this punch will do it. You will fall here!" Lea managed to see the punch, and quickly lifted her left shoulder to block the attack. Not letting that to discourage her, Salena threw an uppercut with the left hand. Lea decided to slide back, which made the punch miss. Salena tried to rush in, but Lea threw a left jab and hit Salena's guard, stopping Salena in her tracks. Salena tried to rush in again, but that time, Lea did something more. Lea threw a left jab and threw a right straight, making it a 1-2 combination, which stopped Salena and made her back away.
"I just remembered what Alinda said. Use the left to prepare the right. I can't believe I forgot something so useful." Lea gained new confidence from that new combo.
"Again, what a tremendous punch, I have to be more careful if I want to reach her." Discouraged at been unable to set the pace at the moment, Salena waited for an opportunity to attack. Lea kept throwing left jabs at Salena from a distance, and hoping to land a shot at Salena, but it only weakened the guard. "If she keeps throwing those jabs, she's just going to tire herself out, and I'll take her down when it happens. Then again" Salena started to push forward and dodging the jabs, forcing Lea to slide back. That kept going until Lea reached the ropes without her noticing.
"What the?" Once Lea realized that she reached the ropes, she knew what was coming next. Salena rushed in and trapped Lea on the ropes. Salena started her barrage of attacks again, blocking any chance of escape for Lea. Fortunately, Lea put up her guard and blocked the punches, but Lea knew that she'll stay trapped on the ropes if she didn't do something about it. Lea threw a right uppercut at Salena's body, but Salena threw a right uppercut at Lea's body. Again, it was a simultaneous punch, which stopped Salena from attacking, but Lea was also affected by the exchange. Salena tried to throw a right straight, but the damage made it weak and Lea easily blocked it with the palm of her glove. Lea attacked, but she was also getting tired, and threw a weak right straight, which Salena ducked. Salena threw a left uppercut at Lea's body, while Lea threw a left hook at Salena's head, which made it into another simultaneous exchange. After that, they refused to stop and made another simultaneous exchange with right hooks. Then, Lea threw a left uppercut at Salena's chin, while Salena threw a left hook at Lea's body. Both punches landed, making it into another simultaneous exchange. The match was becoming something that someone would not see as a sparring match in a gym, and everyone was amazed by what they were seeing.
"Is Salena tired already? She's usually so energetic, that there are times when I believe that she drinks coffee with drugs in it." One of the members said in disbelief.
"She can't be out of shape, she's always working hard, and I don't think she's been slacking off, either." Said another member.
"Maybe Lea's punches really hurt that much." They kept talking about the match because they couldn't believe that Salena was getting tired of fighting Lea, especially since in-fighters have a large amount of stamina.
"It's really no wonder that Salena is losing stamina. Lea's punches are powerful, and some have landed on Salena's body. Not only does it cause damage, but it also takes away the stamina of the opponent." Thought Alonso. He knew about Salena's stamina, but he knew that it was easy to take away if one knew how. Not only did it turned into a hitting match, but also an endurance match.
Two minutes have passed and both fighters were still exchanging punches, but weak ones. Lea was mostly defending because the damage have accumulated to a point where it was hard for her to move. What kept Lea going was her determination to keep fighting for Julie.
"Salena won't fall, but I won't either, I won't fall after coming this far." Thought Lea and attacked Salena.
"I thought she was tired, how can she keep moving this much?" Thought Salena in surprise and blocked a right straight, then a left. Lea's punches seemed to be getting sluggish, but the power behind it was still alive. "Where is this strength coming from?" The pressure was getting to Salena. "No, I need to stay calm. These punches are easy to see, easy to dodge. I just need to stay calm and attack when the opportunity rises again." Lea kept throwing wide swings and Alinda didn't like that.
"Lea, your punches are too wide, she's going to dodge them!" Warned Alinda, but it was too late. Lea launched another wide punch and Salena ducked it. Then, Salena stood up with a right uppercut to Lea's body. Lea couldn't dodge it and took the punch to her body.
"How's that? What are you going to do now?" Thought Salena, who believed that it would end the fight, but Lea didn't seem affected and launched a right uppercut to Salena's chin. "What? How can she keep moving after that? It was a clean hit, what's going on?" Salena was so surprised, that she failed to dodge the punch and it landed cleanly. After that, Lea followed with an uppercut to Salena's body. Lea wasn't showing it, but she felt the punch to her body. She was just trying to ignore the pain it inflicted on her.
"It hurtsit hurts so much, butI won't let it stop me. I'm going to make it, I'm going to make it, and then I'll save her. I just have to hold on. I have to hold on no matter what!" Thought Lea. Salena slid away from Lea, trying to avoid any more attacks. Salena didn't go far before she was chased by Lea. Lea threw a right straight and Salena threw a left straight, making another simultaneous attack to their faces. That didn't stop Lea and threw a wide left punch. Salena ducked the punch and slid away from Lea, feeling the pressure from Lea's relentless attacks. Lea didn't care how far Salena slid away. Lea was going to keep chasing Salena to the very end.
"Hey, man, Lea is getting scarier by the minute." Said one member.
"I know, right? No wonder Alinda couldn't defeat her." Said another member.
"She must be made of steel or something." The members kept going again.
"Bueno pues, aren't they boxers too or what? Can't blame them though, Lea have an impressive endurance and incredible ability to adapt to the situation, but most of all, a strong willpower to keep going. I wonder how far that willpower of hers will get her." Thought Alonso. For him, it was just the checkpoint to what he was waiting to see. The real challenge would be Hilda, the heavyweight boxer.
The battle continued in the match between Salena and Lea, which seemed to be evenly matched. Neither was showing signs of slowing down or going down, they simply kept fighting. Lea was the one doing the chasing, but she couldn't catch Salena because she had trained to move fast and around easily. Lea was mostly straight forward and couldn't change directions so easily. Salena didn't usually slide away from her opponents. Alinda knew that Salena was waiting for something, and soon realized what it was.
"Lea, stop chasing after her, your just getting yourself tired!" Yelled Alinda. Lea listened and suddenly stopped. Salena saw that and also stopped moving.
"I should have known that Alinda would notice. I can see that Lea is slow, so I could out slide her anytime. I was just waiting for Lea to tire herself out so I wouldn't have any problem fighting her. I guess I have to rely on the old fashion way." After Salena thought that, she charged in, and once again, aimed to attack Lea's body. Lea covered her body and Salena started attacking. Salena started to use a combination that went from body to head, which Lea found hard to block. Lea started to fall into Salena's pace, but she decided to risk it, and threw a right hook at Salena's head. Salena stopped and threw a right overhand punch. Salena ducked, which made Lea's punch miss, while her punch hit Lea square in the face. Lea started to fall over, everyone saw it, and everyone believed it to be over. "That's it. It's over, finally over. No matter who it is, I'm the best when it comes to in-fighting." Salena sighed out of relief at the sight of Lea going down. Lea's eyes were dull. There wasn't any sign of consciousness in them. The world went in slow motion for Lea, she didn't know why she was falling, but she felt like going to sleep.
"My eyesfeel heavylike, I want tosleep. Yeahsleeping soundsgoodvery good." Thought Lea. Alinda started calling Lea in an attempt to bring her back.
"Lea, don't fall, if you fall, you won't get up again! Keep fighting!" Yelled Alinda out of desperation and she started to hit the mat. That seemed to snap Lea back to reality because she regained her balance, but she was barely staying up. Lea's face was starting to swell up again, but she was still able to keep going. Salena couldn't believe what she just saw.
"What's going on? Why won't you go down? I'm going to make you pay, you're going to pay!" Thought Salena. She was becoming desperate because she knew that the round was almost over, and needed to finish it fast. Salena tried to take Lea down while she was recovering from the previous attack. Salena tried to rush in, but Lea landed a left jab and stopped Salena. Once Salena stopped, Lea started her own barrage of attacks, which was more compact and not as wide as before. "She's shouldn't be able to continue attacking this way, she must be at her limit already." Salena didn't convince herself because Lea was still attacking without stopping.
"I'mfeeling dizzyI can'tbreathe wellbutI won'tstop. I have tokeep fightingI have to." Thought Lea. She kept throwing her barrage of hooks and uppercuts, not giving Salena a chance to retaliate or to slide away. Salena was been pushed back to the ropes. Eventually, Salena reached the ropes and got trapped under heavy punches. Unfortunately, it didn't last long enough because Lea started to slow down dramatically and started to take deep breaths. Salena saw that and started to launch a right straight at Lea, but Lea also threw a right straight. Everyone thought it would be another simultaneous exchange, but neither landed because Lea and Salena moved their heads to dodge the attack. They only grazed each other, but that didn't stop either one of them. Salena threw a left hook, Lea tried to block, but Lea's defense was punched away. Salena followed with a right hook, but Lea ducked the punch and landed a left hook on Salena's body, but the damage wasn't that heavy. Lea continued with a left uppercut to Salena's chin, but Salena moved the head to the right and dodged the punch. Salena attacked with a left hook, but Lea blocked it with the right shoulder. Lea started to launch a left hook to Salena's head, while Salena threw a left uppercut at Lea's chin. "This is it! Let it land!"
"This is the end for you!" Unfortunately, none of the punches landed because the bell ringed at the last moment, making their punches stop an inch away from their targets. 
Both of them were frozen in place, lacking air and sweating because of the ferocious fight that they had.
"Ilost. I can't believe it." Thought Salena.
"It's overfinally." Thought Lea, who felt lucky that the bell ringed. Salena pulled her arm away and started to slide away from Lea, but Salena was called by Lea.
"Salena, I" Lea dropped her eyes to the floor. She didn't know what to say to Salena, the first person who tried to be friends with Lea. Lea figured that it was better to start somewhere than doing nothing. "I know thatyou have a right to be angry at me. Ijust want you to know thatI'm sorry. I really am." Lea's eyes were hoping for forgiveness, but Salena didn't say anything and kept quiet.
"Come on, Salena, Lea is been sincere with her apology, why don't you forgive her?" Asked Alinda, who found it strange that Salena kept quiet. Alinda knew that Salena was someone that easily forgave others.
"Of course I forgive her, but I'm still mad about it." Said Salena, who surprised both Alinda and Lea, but Lea was the most surprised because she didn't know what else she did to Salena.
"About what?" After Alinda asked that, Salena answered.
"Lea didn't apologize to me first." Said Salena while pointing at Lea. That surprised everyone, and it left Lea with a confused face. Then, Alinda broke the silence.
"You're mad about that? That's the silliest thing you have said in the entire day." Alinda didn't say it, but her face was calling Salena an idiot.
"Hey, it's not silly, she was mean to me first, so I should get an apology first, you dummy dummy dummy." Salena started to act like a kid, but everyone just thought that Salena was just been Salena. It was easy to see that they could get in an argument about that, so Lea started to talk.
"Oh, umI'm sorryabout that." Said Lea, who was relieved that it was nothing serious. Lea's apology brought a smile to Salena's face. Then, Salena raised her arms up into the air in triumph.
"Yay! We're good now. The name's Salena Smith, nice to meet you." Said Salena, who extended her right hand to Lea. After looking at the extended hand, Lea started to remember the first day that she met Salena, a friendly and cheerful person who welcomed Lea into the gym. Lea grabbed Salenas hand with both of hers, looked at their joined hands, and said.
"LeaAnderson. Niceto meet you." Lea greeted with teary eyes and fighting not to cry over it. Lea was very happy about Salena forgiving her. After that, they heard someone talking to them and they turned towards the person.
"I'm glad you lasses got all friendly and everything, but Lea should rest now. After all, her next opponent, is going to be me." It was none other than Hilda, who was getting her gloves on and was waiting in her corner. After hearing that, Salena said to Lea.
"She's right, Lea, we got really beat up here, and you need to rest the most."
"Yeah." With that, they both head to Lea's corner. "My next opponent is Hilda. Alinda and Salena were so strong, but what about Hilda herself?" Once they reached Lea's corner, Lea collapsed on the stool, showing her exhaustion to everyone.
"Lea, can you really keep fighting like this? It's starting to look impossible, especially since you're next opponent is Hilda." Said Alinda with worry in her voice.
"Yeah, come on, maybe we can convince the coach to let you rest longer or try this another time." Said Salena, who was worried too.
"No, it's alright, really. The coach said today, and I have come too far to just quit right now. Besides, I have three minutes to rest, it should be enough." Said Lea. She wasn't sure that she could recover in those three minutes, and Alinda knew that.
"Three minutes is not enough to recover from that fight, especially since you took more hits than before." Said Alinda.
"I'm sorry, I just don't want to run away, I don't want to quit. I have to prove to them and to me that I can do this. Besides, I wouldn't be able to help Julie if I just quit like that."
"Lea" Alinda didn't know what to say after looking at such a determined boxer.
"I'll get some ice and towels. We have to work on reducing the swelling." Said Salena, who started to leave to get the necessary items.
"I don't know about this." Said Alinda, which made Salena stop on her tracks and turned back towards them.
" It's obvious that she's determined to continue and won't change her mind. Besides, she fought against the two of us and survived the round, even when it looked like she was going to fall at any moment. I'm sure she can survive against Hilda." Alinda started to think on what Salena said, and quickly agreed with Salena.
"You're right. Now, let's get you ready for your next round."
"Yeah, we can do this!" Salena affirmed cheerfully.
"Thanksto both of you." Said Lea, who was really touched by their kindness.
"No problem, Lea, we're friends, and friends do this for each other."
"That's right, Lea, don't let it trouble your." Said Alinda with a smile. That brought a smile to Lea's face and some tears to Lea's eyes, which could be confused with sweat, but Salena and Alinda were close enough to notice the difference.
"FriendsI have friends. It feels good to have friends." Lea wiped the tears from her eyes, not wanting anyone else to see them. After that, Lea prepared herself  because she knew that the next round would be the most difficult. With that knowledge, Lea started to wonder if she would actually make it.

Chapter 4: Fighter's Spirit.
Salena and Alinda were trying to get Lea ready to fight Hilda. It was the last round that Lea had to survive to be accepted back into the gym. Everyone knew that Hilda was the strongest of them all, especially since she was in the heavyweight division, but that wasn't the only thing that made her a strong opponent.
"Listen, Lea, this might help you survive the entire round. First of all, Hilda is a slugger, so don't expect a lot of amazing techniques, just worry about the insane strength behind her punches." Said Alinda, who was explaining in urgency.
"What's a slugger?" Asked Lea.
"Remember the way you were fighting me?"
"Yeah."
"That's a slugger, someone who relies on raw strength instead of footwork or technique. They don't really need any of that because a well-placed punch is all they need to knock someone down. The problem with Hilda, is that she's actually smarter than most sluggers. She's going to wait and try to look for the opportunity to strike."
"So, she's fast?"
"She is, not faster than me, but she's faster than most sluggers. She's also very resilient, so you won't be able to knock her down, but you might be able to stun her." After Alinda said that, Salena gave more advice, hoping to be of some assistance.
"You know, you can also just clinch on her to kill time."
"Clinch?"
"Yeah, like this." Salena tried to demonstrate by grabbing Alinda, but for Lea, it looked more like a hug. That brought a light blush to Alinda's cheeks, which Lea believed to be out of embarrassment. "This is called a clinch, which is basically just grabbing the opponent. After a while, the referee will try to separate both boxers, but it gives a little bit of time to recover." After Salena finished the explanation, she let go of Alinda.
"Yes, wellshe's right. You can use that to stop Hilda in her attacks, but if not done properly, she can still attack you. So, try to grab her in a way that doesn't let her use her arms." Said Alinda, who tried to regain her composure, but her cheeks kept their red color. After a few moments, it started to subside.
"Is there anything else you could tell me? Is there something else I could do to last longer?" Asked Lea, who was getting nervous. Alinda and Salena looked at each other, and the truth was, that they never fought Hilda before. They only watched some of Hilda's matches, which she won all of them with a KO. Since keeping quiet would make things worse, they decided to tell her already. They both returned their gazes to Lea, and Alinda said.
"There really isn't much more to tell, we never fought her because of the difference in weight divisions. The only thing we can tell you is to run away from her, or she'll KO you fast." Alinda answered with a sad face. Then, she lowered her gaze to avoid looking at Lea's worried face.
"Yeah, I mean, just look at her, it looks like she can beat you with a single finger." Said Salena, who was also sad, and everyone started to look at Hilda. Salena wasn't joking that much, muscles could be seen from Hilda's abdomen to her arms and shoulders. If they could look at her back, they would see more well-toned muscles with nothing but power in them. Hilda noticed their gazes and thought.
"Why are they looking at me like that? Do I have something on my face?" Back to Lea's corner, they were still thinking of ways to help Lea survive the round, while they were helping Lea recover from her previous match. The swelling seemed to be going down little by little, but not enough to be fully gone by the time the match started. The biggest worry was Lea's stamina. Everyone knew that Lea was going to need all of her stamina to last the entire round. Hilda had more than enough stamina to last the entire round, and even more if necessary. Fortunately, Lea's breathing was good, so that was a good sign that she was getting some of her energy back.
Outside of the ring, some of the members were wondering how long was Lea going to last, not if she can actually make it.
"I think she's going to lose in the first minute." Said a member.
"No way, I say in the second minute, she seems to have done well with Salena." Another member argued.
"I don't think so. Salena's punches don't have Hilda's strength. Besides, Salena was of a lower weight division than Lea, which must have helped her a lot."
"Maybe Hilda isn't going to take it seriously. Lea might just make it by luck."
"I don't remember the last time that Hilda didn't take a match seriously. She might go all out in the beginning of the round."
"You really think so? Lea might go down with a single punch if that's the case." Out of the group, Fergus, Alfred and Alonso were thinking somewhere around that area, but still differently.
"Sir, I think Lea has done more than enough to get into the gym. Salena and Alinda seem to have made friends with her, why does she have to go against Hilda? She could get a dangerous injury in this fight." Questioned Alfred in concern.
"Is not a matter of whether she did enough or not, she simply hasn't showed me anything yet." Answered Alonso with a neutral face.
"What exactly are you waiting to see, sir? Lea obviously can hold her own against two trained boxers when she never paid attention on her own training."
"Maybe the coach isn't looking for fighting capabilities, but something completely different from that." Said Fergus. Alfred had no clue on what Fergus or Alonso were talking about, so all he could do was to wait and see the results of the match.
Alinda and Salena were thinking of a tactic that could work against Hilda.
"You should probably stay far from her and just wait until the bell rings. After all, that's what the coach said, to survive against the three of us." Said Alinda.
"You know that Hilda is way faster than what she looks like, Lea may have to fight it out. Lea, aim for the body, make her movements slow so you can take a break from her." Said Salena, who knew that it wouldn't work. Both Alinda and Salena knew it, but Alinda was just trying to help, just like Salena.
"It's too risky, Hilda might land a punch on Lea, and looking at her condition, she could get in a lot of trouble if it landed."
"Then she can duck. Hilda is taller, so Lea might have a chance with ducking." The couple kept at it, letting their frustration be known, and Lea stop them by saying.
"Thanks for worrying about me, but I'm going to have to do it my way. I'm going to face her head-on. I won't get anywhere if I run away from her. Besides, how am I supposed to show what I can do if I don't fight back? How am I supposed to show how serious I am to return to the boxing ring?"
"Yeah, but that's if you actually survive the round. If not, it would have been for nothing."
"I know, but I can't just run away." Alinda could see that Lea wasn't going to change her mind.
"It seems that we have no choice, but to let her go with her plan. She isn't exactly out-boxing material, and the boxing world is a dangerous place. This will prove that she's ready, we have to believe in her boxing." Said Alinda. Salena didn't like the sound of that, she didnt even look convinced, but she got no choice.
"Okay, just be careful, or she's going to kick your tail." Said Salena with a serious face. After that was said, Alonso announced that the match was about to begin, and ordered the seconds to get out of the ring.
"Seconds?" Asked Lea.
"That would be us, your advisers, which are usually the coach and someone with medical expertise." Answered Alinda, and before leaving the ring, Alinda and Salena said one last thing to Lea with a smile. "Good luck, Lea." Alinda was the first to leave the ring and sent her good luck.
"You can do it, Lea." Said Salena with a thumb up for Lea.
"Thanks, I'll do my best." After Lea said that, she got up from the stool, feeling better because of their words. Then, Lea put a serious face, showing that she was ready to fight. At that moment, both boxers were waiting for the sound of the bell. Determination could be seen on Lea's eyes, sending the message that she won't go down no matter what they threw at her.
"That's it, that's the look of someone who is ready to fight." Thought Hilda with a smile to Hilda
"This is different than when I fought Alinda and Salena, the air feels heavier than before." Thought Lea, who was feeling the pressure that Hilda's presence was giving in the ring. It made Lea feel her doubts and fears creeping up on her, but she refused to let it get to her with as much willpower as she could muster. Fortunately, she didn't have to dwell on it too much because the bell ringed.
Both boxers left their corners and started to head to the middle of the ring. Lea with the Peek-a-boo stance, while Hilda used a standard stance with the hands up. Lea stopped moving before she reached the middle of the ring, which everyone noticed, but very few knew why.
"Now that I notice, the pressure gets even bigger the closer I get to Hilda." Thought Lea. She didn't expect it, but it was hard to move closer to Hilda, who had a serious expression on her face. Then, Lea got close enough to feel the pressure at full force. Hilda noticed the hesitation on Lea and decided to charge in. Hilda threw a right straight, which Lea avoided by sliding to the left. It didn't connect with Lea, but the strength behind it was enough to scare her. "What was that? The air felt like it was been cut by a sword, what would have happen if it had hit me? No, I can't think that way, I have to fight." After gathering herself, Lea started to get close to Hilda, who was now facing Lea. Once Lea was close enough, she threw a right uppercut at Hilda's body. Hilda blocked with the left arm and attacked with a right hook. Lea ducked the punch, and stood up with a left uppercut to Hilda's chin. Hilda moved back and the uppercut missed its target. Then, Hilda rushed in with a right straight, but Lea dodged the punch. Then, Lea threw a right hook at Hilda's head, but Hilda quickly blocked it with her left arm. Hilda pulled her right arm back and threw a right uppercut at Lea's body, which Lea blocked with her left arm. The force made Lea slide back, finally feeling the strength behind Hilda's punches.
"What power! Now I know how Alinda and Salena felt when they took my punches. One of them could make me go down easily!" 
"So this is what it feels like. Truthfully, these punches are powerful, she could easily take over the middleweight with enough training, but strength is not enough. There's something else that you need to get the belt." Thought Hilda, who was impressed by Lea's strength. Then, she charged in with a left straight. Lea ducked the punch, and stood up with a left uppercut to Hilda's chin. Hilda stopped the punch by protecting her chin with the right hand. The damage was reduced, but she could still feel some of it. Lea didn't want to let the opportunity to slip away and started to throw a right straight at Hilda. Unfortunately, Lea was countered by a left jab to her face, which stopped Lea from launching her attack. Normally, a jab wasn't strong enough to cause serious damage, but considering Lea's opponent, the jab was strong enough to do it.
"Wha? That's a jab? It hurts more than the jabs I have been hit with." Once Lea was stopped in her tracks, Hilda threw a right straight, which Lea blocked, but it drove her close to the ropes. Hilda threw a left and right punch, pushing Lea all the way to the ropes. "Oh no, she was trying to trap me!" Out of desperation, Lea tightened her guard and prepared for the assault, which came fast. Hilda rushed in and started to throw a barrage of punches, which weren't necessarily hooks or uppercuts. Hilda just kept throwing punches, hoping to break the tight defense that Lea was using.
"Blocking isn't going to protect you forever, lass." Hilda continued with her relentless attack, breaking Lea's defense little by little. Lea knew that it was just a matter of time before Hilda would land a blow.
"These punches are too powerful for me. I can't hold them back for long. What do I do? What do I do?" Then, Lea noticed a way out of her predicament. While having her arms up, Lea rushed in and stood close to Hilda, which stopped Hilda's barrage. Hilda threw a right hook at Lea's body, but Lea parried the punch with her left arm and landed a right hook to Hilda's chin. Hilda threw her head to the right, reducing the power of the punch to near nothing. Hilda retaliated with a right hook of her own, which Lea blocked with her left arm and used the power behind the attack to move out of the ropes. Hilda charged in and gave the motion of throwing a right straight, which made Lea protect her face. Hilda feinted the attack and threw a left hook. The punch launched Lea's guard to the side and threw a right punch at Lea's body. The blow was so powerful that Lea bent forward and groaned in pain, but she kept standing. Hilda didn't stop there, she threw a left hook, but Lea blocked the punch with the right arm. Unfortunately, she couldn't block its full power and took some damage. Lea managed to get away to recover from the blow to her body, but Hilda followed as quickly as possible. Lea threw a jab, hoping to stop Hilda, but it only slowed Hilda down momentarily and she rushed in again. Lea threw a right straight, doing the 1-2, but Hilda saw it coming and dodged to the left, while launching a right cross to Lea. Lea ducked the counter, but she was left unbalanced and it took her a moment to recover. Hilda threw a left punch at Lea's head, but Lea ducked the punch and started to retreat again. After ducking and moving away, Lea started to feel fully recovered from the blow to her body and decided to attack Hilda. Lea believed that, if she attacked with quick and compact punches, then Hilda won't be able to attack. Lea charged in and started an in-fight. Lea attacked with quick uppercuts and hooks to Hilda's body, not giving a chance for Hilda to hit back, so Hilda had to guard herself. Everyone could see that Lea started to get a rhythm and set the pace to her advantage, since Hilda fought mostly in the brawler style.
Everyone was amazed by the fact that Lea decided to attack head-on against Hilda, which they thought to be the craziest idea anyone had.
"Hey, Lea is a crazy, but tough Lamia." Said one member.
"I know man, this is awesome." Said another member.
"Ha, you owe me five bucks, give them here."
"That looks like a simple, but effective plan." The members kept on going, but Alonso wasn't amazed by the plan itself.
"True enough, brawlers aren't famous for their quick punches, but because of raw power. Attacking them with a relentless attack would make it difficult for them to retaliate, but that's not what makes it incredible. What makes it incredible is the tremendous courage to fight them face to face, knowing full well that a punch from a brawler could quickly end the fight." Thought Alonso, who was impressed, but he wanted to see something more than that.
Lea kept her attack against Hilda, but everyone knew that Lea will eventually get tire and start to slow down. Lea's breathing was getting labored, a sign that she had to stop and take a breather, but she didn't do it. Lea simply kept punching, which was a surprise to everyone.
"When is she going to stop? At this rate, she might collapse because of a lack of air." Thought Hilda in surprise. Lea didn't seem to care about it and kept throwing punch after punch. "Well, I'm not going to just sit here and take it, I have to risk it." Hilda opened her guard and took a right hook to her body. Hilda resisted as much as possible and threw a left hook at Lea's head. Lea wasn't expecting Hilda to resist the hook and took Hilda's blow. Lea staggered, stopping her attack in its tracks and Hilda used the opportunity to retaliate. Hilda landed a right punch on Lea's body again, which made Lea slid back in pain. Lea didn't recover fast enough and was punched by a left hook to her head again, which almost knocked her down, but she refused to fall. Lea's face was starting to swell, but the determination was still visible in her eyes. Lea retaliated with a quick left punch to Hilda's face, which Hilda ducked and threw a right at Lea's body. Lea parried it to the left and threw a right hook. Hilda ducked again and threw a left at Lea's body, but Lea quickly blocked it with the right arm. Then, Hilda threw a right straight, and Lea blocked it with the shoulder, but she was pushed back. "All this punching around won't do, guess I'll have to rise the risk." Hilda knew that the punches that she was throwing weren't enough. So, she dropped her guard and put her hands to the sides. Everyone knew what it meant, Hilda wanted to end the match with the next punch, and that was the stance to do it.
Alinda didn't like what she was seen, and neither did Salena. They both knew that taking a punch from Hilda at that moment, was almost lethal. They also knew that a minute had passed since the beginning, and Lea only needed to survive two more to pass, but Hilda wanted to finish it.
"This is bad, that stance may drop the guard completely, but in exchange, it puts more weight in each punch, giving it more power. However, it's easy to counter, but Lea is not a counter-puncher. Lea doesn't know this, but one of those punches might KO her quickly." Thought Alinda, and she was about to warn Lea about it, but Lea already started to charge at Hilda. Salena started to yell at Lea to warn her, but it might be too late.
"Don't rush, Lea, back off!"
Lea could have sworn that someone was calling her, but she was focused on attacking Hilda, seeing that Hilda dropped her guard completely to her sides.
"This is it! I can beat her like this! I'm going to make it! I can do this!" Thought Lea. She rushed in and started to attack with a 1-2, but Hilda dodged with compact movements of her head and started to move to the side. Lea tried to follow with left jabs, but Hilda either kept distance or dodged, so none of the jabs hit. Lea didn't understand why Hilda was evading so much. Lea realized that Hilda was waiting for something, but didn't know what. That made Lea keep distance and kept attacking with left jabs, not wanting to fall for something dangerous. After dodging a jab, Hilda threw a right, which was fast, and Lea blocked it, but that single punch blew away her guard. Then, Hilda threw a left, which Lea barely ducked. Lea decided to slide away from Hilda, surprised at the insane amounts of strength behind the punch. "What was that? My arm almost went numb with that single punch, how did she do that?" Hilda pursued and launched a left to Lea's face. Lea dodged to the left and slid away. Unfortunately, Lea was close to the ropes and got trapped, which was what Hilda wanted to do. Hilda rushed in and threw a right, which Lea attempted to block. The punch went through Lea's guard and it hit her right in the face. There was no need to keep punching because Lea fell to the mat almost instantly. Hilda started to slide to the neutral corner, while Lea was sitting on the mat with her head down, not moving a single muscle. Then, the count started.
"12" Alonso was counting, while Alinda and Salena started to call Lea. Salena even started to hit the mat with her palms.
"Leaaaa, come back! You have to get up!" Yelled Salena. They knew that it was a serious hit, and they started to worry that Lea wouldn't be able to get up.
"345" Alonso was still counting and Lea didn't show any signs of been awake or starting to get up. Lea was just sitting still. They couldn't even see her face because her head was down. Suddenly, Lea started to lift her right arm and grabbed the rope, which she used to help herself to get up.
"Whatinsane strength. If it wasn'tfor my guardit would have been much worse. This is insanesomeone would normallystay down. I could get killed herebut I don't want tostay down. Inever did anything worthwhile." Thought Lea while getting up. Everyone was amazed, they couldn't believe that Lea would actually get up, they believed that she was dead. However, they thought that it would have been for the best.
"678" By the eight count, Lea was standing with her hands up. The members thought that it was unbelievable that Lea would get up.
"She gave mepurpose. She gave mesomething worthfighting." Lea was barely standing. Hilda could see that Lea was slightly swaying to the sides. Hilda came out of the neutral corner and started to approach Lea with the same stance as before. "I'mgoing to keep fightingI willsave hereven if it kills me!" Once Hilda was in the middle of the ring, she got a good look at Lea's eyes, even felt the air around Lea. Everyone around the ring could feel a different air around Lea, it felt heavy, some couldn't move properly. Hilda was used to it, so she didn't feel the effects, but she could see  that Lea had a fighter's heart and soul. The most important assets for a boxer, and for a world champion.
"That's it, lass, that's what we wanted to see in you. That's what the coach wanted to see." Thought Hilda. She charged in and threw a right punch, which Lea tried to guard, but failed. Lea was punched in the face again, but didn't fall. Instead, Lea retaliated with a right uppercut to Hilda's body. Hilda rolled with the punch to reduce damage to her body and landed a right punch on Lea's body. Lea bent forward, but she held on and threw a left hook at Hilda's head. Hilda slid back and dodged the punch, which made Lea lose her balance because it was a wide swing. While Lea tried to regain her balance, Hilda charged in and threw a left, which knocked Lea down again. Hilda headed back to the neutral corner and Alonso started the count again.
"123" Lea grabbed the ropes and started to get up again.
"Hey, she wants to keep fighting, this is insane." Said a member in shock.
"This should be more than enough, why keep going?" Asked another member.
"456"
"Lea." That was the only thing that Salena could say. She and Alinda didn't know what to say, feeling emotional at the sight of Lea's tenacity. In one part, they knew that Lea wanted to join the gym again, but on the other hand, it was was getting too much for her. They didn't know if they should stop the fight or let it keep going.
"789" Lea got up at the ninth count and put her arms up again. Hilda once again came out of her neutral corner and started to dash towards Lea, who was still in the same spot. Then, someone yelled.
"Stop!" Everyone turned their heads towards the source of the voice and it turned out to be Alinda, who was looking at Lea with disbelief in her eyes. Then, everyone turned their heads towards Lea, and they didn't notice anything different, but they do after a few moments. Hilda had a better look at her, and she was shocked. Lea was standing with her hands up, but her eyes were dull. Lea was unconscious, but then, she started to slowly move straight towards Hilda. Once Lea was close enough, Lea threw a slow and weak right punch at Hilda, which Hilda blocked with her left hand. Lea didn't seem to notice because she kept throwing punches at Hilda, which Hilda blocked.
"Even unconscious, she keeps fighting." Thought Hilda, and it was more than enough for her. Salena and Alinda got into the ring and started heading towards Lea.
"Julie." Thought Lea. Then, Lea reached her limit and started to collapse forward. Hilda grabbed Lea on time and put her on the floor. Then, Salena, Alinda, and Hilda took a seat around the unconscious form of Lea. Hilda looked back and said to the crowd.
"Bring some water for her." A member left to get a bucket. After that, the trio went back to looking at Lea, who had some swelling on her face and on the left eye, but nothing that required medical attention.
"She's really amazing, isn't she?" Said Alinda with sadness in her voice. Lea just had to survive that last round to be accepted, but it seemed that three different opponents were too much.
"That she is. Way different than before." Said Hilda with a smile on her face. Then, they wondered what was driving Lea's spirit so much. It couldn't be as simple as just joining the gym. It must have been something more important than that. Only Lea knew what it was, so they were thinking of asking about that later. Salena turned towards Alonso with a serious expression.
"Coach, you have to let Lea join. She deserves it after coming this far." Salena didn't want Lea to wake up, just to find out that she wasn't allowed to join the gym.
"I have already decided." That was all Alonso said with a serious expression.
"What does that mean? Decided on what?" The coach didn't respond and his face didn't give any clue on what he was talking about. "Coach!"
"That's enough, Salena. We can't do anything about it. We just have to accept whatever the coach decided." Said Hilda.
"It's just not fair. After all she went through."
"I understand, but the coach has the final word in this." Salena didn't like the sound of it. She really respected Alonso, but she wanted to help her friend. After that, the member brought the bucket of water and gave it to Hilda, who simply dumped the water on Lea's face. That brought a reaction from Lea, and she started to open her eyes. At first, Lea was disoriented, wondering what the trio was doing around her, and sat up. Alinda started to take the gloves off of Lea's hands, and Lea could see some sadness in her face. Lea could also see it in Alinda and Hilda's faces, which helped Lea remember what happened.
"I lost, right?" Said Lea while looking down in defeat.
"Yes." Is all Alinda said. Then, Lea lifted her eyes and looked at Alinda with a smile.
"Don't worry about it. I guessI wasn't strong enough." Then, Lea looked at Hilda. "You're very strong. No wonder I lost so quickly." Lea gave them a smile, but they knew that she was just keeping herself from crying.
"You're not bad yourself." Said Hilda with a smile. The response made Lea feel proud, but she was still saddened by the fact that she lost.
"Hilda, I'm-" Lea was about to start apologizing, but Hilda stopped her.
"Don't worry, lass. I already forgave you after looking at the new you." Lea didnt expect it that fast, and it brought her a bigger smile. To make it final, Hilda extended her hand. "Hilda O'Brien, nice to meet you, lass." Lea shook the hand and introduced herself.
"Lea Anderson."
"How do you feel, Lea?" Asked Salena.
"A little tired, and sore, but I'll be fine." Lea tried to joke around, but it failed. Salena looked down and said.
"I wish we could do something for you." Lea put her hands in front of her.
"It's alright. You guys helped me a lot already. Thank you, everyonefor everything." Everyone knew that she was just trying to stay strong for them, not wanting them to feel bad about it. Then, they heard Alonso getting into the ring and approaching Lea, which made everyone stand up. Alonso was standing in front of Lea, just staring at her with an emotionless face, which made Lea look away from him. Lea extended her hand to Alonso and said.
"Thank you for the opportunity, sir. I'm sorry I couldn't make it." Alonso didn't say anything, but he grabbed her hand and shook it. Lea smiled because Alonso, at the least, shook her hand. Then, she felt something in her hand. Once Alonso let go of her hand, Lea checked what was on it and saw a key ring with two keys. Alonso started to walk away from her, then stopped and said to Lea.
"Follow me." After he said that, he kept walking. After hearing that, Lea started to follow Alonso, who was heading towards the stairs near the office. Alonso started to walk up the stairs, and Lea followed right behind him.
"Why are they going to the storeroom?" Said Salena in curiosity.
"I don't have the slightest clue." Said Alinda. The members around the ring started to question the same thing, wondering why did the coach took Lea to the storeroom. They didn't have the time to keep thinking because Fergus started to talk.
"Okay, that's enough, everyone, back to your training. Some of you have matches coming up." After hearing that, everyone went back to their workouts and training. Salena and Alinda were curious as to why Alonso took Lea upstairs and decided to follow them. Hilda mostly went along because she didn't have anything better to do.
Lea and Alonso went up the stairs until they reached a closed door, which he opened. Alonso entered and Lea followed after him, and was surprised by what she saw. It was a room full of boxes and other boxing equipment, which were dusty because of their time inside. Alonso turned around, looked at Lea, and said.
"Here's the living room, on the left is the kitchen and on the right is the wall bed. That door in front is the bathroom." Alonso finished explaining everything rather quickly for Lea. As Alonso said, there was a kitchen with a stove and cabinets, but lacked a fridge and a table. On the near right corner, there was a sliding door, which could be a closet. Near the top of the right wall, was a handle, which could be pulled to bring down the wall bed. On the front wall, there was another door, which Lea didn't go into, but knew that it was a bathroom with a shower, sink, and toilet. On the right and left of the bathroom's door, there was a window. Also, there was a window on the left and right of the door leading to the stairs. Once Lea got a view of the room, she noticed people behind her, which were Alinda, Salena, and Hilda, waiting in the doorway. Alonso saw them and asked them with a frown. "What are you three doing here?"
"Why does the storeroom have a wall bed, a bathroom, and a kitchen?" Asked Salena in confusion.
"That could only meanis this an apartment?" Said Alinda with wide eyes.
"More like a studio apartment, a really old one." Said Hilda while looking around.
"I used to live here when I started the gym, but I started a family and had to get something bigger than this place. Now, I used it just to store old or useless equipment, I didn't want anyone to find out about it because they would be asking to rent it. That would mean no storeroom for me, but now, I'll have to do something with this stuff later on." Said Alonso, and then, he started to head towards the stairs, but before Alonso could leave, Lea stopped him.
"Why are you showing me this? What are these keys for?" Asked Lea, who was the most confused from the group, and Alonso responded while looking back.
"You don't have a place of your own, right? You can stay here for as long as you need it. Training will start as soon as you recover from your injuries. Got it, chica?" After Alonso said that, Lea got a surprised look, which made him curious. "What is it?" Lea looked down to the floor while rubbing the back of her head.
"Uh, no, it's nothing. It's just thatyou haven't called me that for a long time."
"I haven't? I guess, I just remembered it." Alonso left and the trio entered the studio. None of them saw it, but Alonso was happy when he left.
"Did I hear right? Lea is going to stay here?" Asked Salena with a smile on her face.
"I was expecting something like that from the coach, but not this much." Said Hilda, who was a little surprised, but happy.
"You knew all along?" Asked Alinda.
"Of course, lass. The coach is actually a very kind man. All of this must be to help Lea get back on her feet."
"Isn't that great, Lea? You're a member again, and you have a place to stay." Said Salena with excitement.. Then, she noticed tears on Lea's face, which made her worry. "Lea, what's wrong?"
"I did it. I reallydid it." Said Lea while covering her eyes with her left forearm, and everyone understood what she was talking about. "Just wait, Julie, I'll save you. Just hold on a little longer." It took Lea a few moments to compose herself, happy to know that she passed the challenge.
"Now, what do we do with this place? It lacks many things in here. Does the wall bed even have a mattress?" Asked Alinda.
"Hey, why don't we help her with that? I think we can get a mattress somewhere." Said Salena, who seemed to be having fun already.
"You're also going to need a fridge." Said Hilda, who was already thinking on how to get one. Lea started to wave her hands in front of her.
"W-wait, it's okay, you've done a lot for me, and I can't keep taking this much without paying back." Said Lea.
"Don't worry about it. Consider these as gifts for your home." Said Salena with a wave of her hand.
"Besides, we want to help you, and friends help each other." Said Alinda with a smile. Lea didn't seem to have a way to convince them, so she gave up and went along with it.
"Okay, but I'll pay you back somehow." Said Lea with a serious face.
"Alright, she needs a mattress, fridge and-" Said Alinda, but she was interrupted by Salena.
"Food." Once Salena said that, Lea's stomach started to make noise, a lot of noise. Everyone turned their eyes towards Lea, and they could see Lea blushing.
"I-I haven't eaten anything yet." Lea started to laugh out of embarrassment.
"Well, let's take you out to eat." After Alinda said that, the group started to head out.
"Wait, what about your training? Are you busy today?"
"Actually, this is our day off, so we have nothing else to do." Said Hilda.
"Oh, okay, are you sure?"
"Yeah, let's get ready." Said Salena, who couldnt wait to go and eat. After that, they headed for the showers on the lower floor.
Once they finished getting cleaned up after a day of sparring, they head out to eat, mostly for Lea. They go to a restaurant nearby for Lea to get breakfast, or lunch, since it was midday. After they were seated and they gave their orders, Alinda asked a question.
"Say, Lea, where have you been this whole time after you left the gym?"
"Well, you know, just going around, nothing important." Said Lea with a nervous smile, which made it easy to see that she was hiding more than that.
"That's it? Is that really all that you did? Just going around?"
"Well, I did got into some trouble after that, but I managed somehow."
"Now that I remember, the coach said that you had nowhere else to go, why is that?" Alinda and the rest realized that it was a sensitive subject because Lea looked at the table.
"II don't want to talk about it." Answered Lea with pain in her voice, and a face to go along with it. The trio got worried about that response, which Lea saw in their faces. "Don't worry about. It's in the past after all. I'm a different person now, I promise." Lea tried to assure them with a smile.
"Well, I do like the new you." Said Salena, who was already calm after looking at Lea's smile. After that, their food arrived on their table, and the conversation about Lea's past was dropped, but everyone, except Lea, realized something.
"I also like the new you, Lea, but the reason that you changed so much, was because the realization was a painful one. Fame and fortune don't make true friends, just leeches." Said Hilda, and she was hoping that Lea didn't have to go through that again. Alinda was thinking something a little different than that.
"Lea may not realize it, but it left a scar in her mind. I hope she gets better with time." Salena also had an opinion in the matter.
"Well, as long as Lea is good, then it's good enough for me." The rest would have agreed to that. At that moment, they were focused on eating their food, more than anything else. After they finished with their meal, they went to get the essentials for Lea's new apartment. They got an old mattress, blankets, a pillow, groceries, and stuff for the bathroom, like soap, a sponge, and shampoo. Most of the stuff that they gave to Lea was something extra that her friends had or didn't need anymore. Lea didn't complain about it, since it was given to her for free, and as the saying goes: Beggars can't be choosers. They also got a fridge for Lea, which was old, but in good condition. They would check if the stove actually worked before deciding what to do with it. When they arrived to the gym, they were expecting some stares from the members. To Lea's group surprise, the members were focused on their training, so there was nothing eventful, until the group entered the apartment. The place was clean of dust and the boxes were gone.
"Did the coach cleaned up while we were gone?" Asked Salena in wonder.
"Maybe he asked for help, since he couldn't do this all on his own." Answered Alinda, but someone from behind them said.
"Actually, the members helped up as well." Lea's group turned around and found Alfred. "The coach asked them to help clean up. In exchange they wouldn't have to worry about the membership fee for a while. He even got someone to repair the stove and checked the bathroom." Said Alfred with a smile.
"The coach did all that? For me?" Asked Lea, who couldn't believe that Alonso would go that far.
"Yeah, but if you ask him in person, he would say that it's an investment. The coach isn't good at showing his kind side to everyone." That made Lea look down, not knowing how to pay Alonso back for all his help. Hilda saw that and put a hand on Leas shoulder.
"Well, that means that you got to work hard on your training." Said Hilda, and she knew that she didnt have to worry about that because Lea looked at Hilda and nodded in agreement.
"Wait, we forgot something." Said Alinda, who mentally reprimanded herself for forgetting something so important.
"What's that?" Asked Hilda.
"Clothes, Lea doesn't seem to have anything else right now." Alinda looked at Lea's clothing and everyone followed her gaze.
"Don't worry about it. I can give her some of my old clothes for her. It's not the best, but is better than nothing. I'll bring them later."
"You think they will fit her? You're not exactly what many would call average."
"Says the smallest one of the group." Hilda's comment brought a pout on Alinda's face. After Salena saw that, she hugged Alinda, and said in a playful tone.
"But that's what makes you cute." The comment got rid of the pout and brought a flush in its place. Lea didn't understand what she was looking, so she just let it go without a comment. Once the teasing was done and the clothing decided, they started to set up everything. After a few hours, the apartment was ready for Lea. As a celebration for Lea's acceptance into the gym and her new apartment, they cooked and ate in Lea's place. After they finished, Alinda, Salena, and Hilda decided to call it a day and headed to their respective homes, leaving Lea to enjoy her time alone. Lea started to move around her new home, lost in her own thoughts. She knew that it was just the beginning. Starting from that point, the road to her goal will be much more difficult, filled with strong opponents. Lea didn't have anywhere else to go, so she stayed all day in her apartment, resting as Alonso said. Once it was night time, someone knocked on Lea's door and Lea answered. It turned out to be Alonso, and he had a business-like expression on his face.
"Lea, we need to talk about something." Said Alonso and Lea let him in. "As you know, I can't keep this place going without money, and as far as I know, you don't have a job."
"Yeah." Answered Lea, who dropped her eyes to the floor.
"So, I have come up with a solution." Lea lifted her gaze from the floor and gave him her full attention.
"Uh, yes, what is it?"
"You're going to help around the gym, in exchange for the room. You will clean up the place, do errands for us, and help the members with their training. Considering your past, it might be hard for you to get a job." Lea couldn't deny it. She did some insane and ridiculous things in her past.
"Uh, yes, I'll help with anything that I can."
"Good, then you better get ready, tomorrow is going to be a long day for you."
"Yes, sir." Lea was enthusiastic about it, which softened Alonso, but he didn't let it show.
"Come with me, I'll teach you how to close the place." They both headed into the gym. Alonso taught Lea how to close the gym and how he expected the place to be like. That was how Lea's career as a boxer started again.

Chapter 5: The First Step
It was early morning. The sun was barely starting to rise, and many people were still enjoying their sleep. Lea was no exception, she was still in dreamland in her new bed, in her new apartment, and all was good. Then, someone started to pound on the door, startling Lea from her sleep.
"W-what's going on?" Asked Lea, who got out of bed and headed to the door. Once she was close enough, she heard Alonso's voice.
"Oye, chica, wake up, is time to open the gym." After hearing Alonso, Lea opened the door. Alonso could see that Lea was enjoying her sleep.
"What time is it?" Lea was half-sleep at the moment.
"If I'm not mistaken, six o'clock."
"Six in the morning? The gym opens at that time?" Lea was surprised and fully awake.
"Actually, we open at seven, but I got to teach you all that you need to open the gym. Now, get ready and come down." After saying that, Alonso went back to the gym, while Lea went to change into her uniform. Once ready, Lea went downstairs and found Alonso waiting for her. Then, Alonso started to explain how to open the gym and the chores that she would be doing in the gym. For example: cleaning the equipment, cleaning the gym, fixing the equipment, cleaning the ring, and so on. Lea could tell that the work alone will leave her exhausted, and she was going to train, but mostly when the chores in the gym were done. Once the explanation was over, she went back to her apartment and ate some breakfast, which was mostly a bowl of cereal because she had poor cooking skills. Then, the moment of truth arrived in no time, the gym opened at exactly seven o'clock, which indicated Lea's first day of work. When Lea opened, a few members entered and headed to the locker room to get in their uniforms. The gym was alone again, except for Lea and Alonso. While the members were changing, Alonso ordered Lea to go and clean the boxing gloves that they kept in the gym. Lea simply did what she was told. Lea sprayed them with a disinfecting chemical while the members were changing. Then, they came out and started to do their stretches, which Lea hoped that it would give the gloves enough time to dry off. Fortunately, after they were done stretching, they went out, and Lea didn't know why.
"Coach, are they going home already?" Asked Lea while cleaning the rest of the gloves.
"No, they're doing their roadwork." Answered Alonso. He took a seat in one of the benches and was reading some documents.
"Roadwork? What's that?"
"Basically, they went to run a certain route I gave them. It helps them build up speed and stamina. Since some of them are of different species, I gave them a different route to each one of them, some longer or shorter than the other."
"It sounds kind of simple."
"Hmph, simple, but by no means easy. Most of them leave the gym after doing a single roadwork. They are simply not cut out for the boxing world if they can't work hard enough." After Alonso said that, he got up from the bench and went to his office, while Lea stayed to finish cleaning the remaining gloves. Then, she was told to clean the punching bags with a special chemical that kept the punching bags in better condition. By the time Lea was finished with the punching bags, more members arrived, and some of them came back from their roadwork. At eight o'clock, Fergus arrived at the gym, going straight to the locker room to change into his uniform. Half an hour later, Salena, Alinda, and Hilda arrive at the gym, while Lea was cleaning the floor.
"Good morning, Lea." Greeted Alinda in a civilized manner and with a friendly smile.
"Morning, Lea." Greeted Salena with a big wave of her hand, even though they weren't that far from each other, but she was happy to see a friend.
"Morning, lass." Greeted Hilda, who looked like she wanted to go back to sleep.
"Morning, everyone." Lea stopped sweeping the floors to greet them and gave her attention to them. Lea's smile wasn't enough to show her delight at been greeted by her new friends.
"Seems you're getting the hang of it, how does it feel to work in the gym?"
"It feels good to work this close to my apartment, so I'll do my best to do a good job."
"Glad to hear that. Well, we're going to get change, see you in a bit." Said Alinda, and she excused herself, along with the rest of the group. They headed to the locker room while Lea kept cleaning the gym. Later on, the trio came out of the locker room and started to do their stretches, just like everyone else, and went to do their roadwork. Lea kept cleaning and maintaining the gym, until Alonso called for her.
"It's nine o'clock. You can go ahead and take a break." Said Alonso.
"Okay, thank you." Answered Lea. She went to a bench in the gym and sat down. Lea was actually tired of getting everything clean and ready for the members. She couldn't complain because she got a free apartment. At that moment, Lea realized that she hadn't started her own training, so she was wondering when was it going to start. Lea hoped that it was as soon as possible because she wanted to be ready to return to the ring and start helping Julie's home group. Of course, she didn't want to sound pushy, so she decided to wait until the moment arrived. After Lea's break was over, Alonso called for her.
"Oye, chica, come here." Said Alonso, and Lea headed straight for the coach.
"Hey, coach, need me for something?" Asked Lea.
"Come over here, I'm going to teach you some stretches for your tail."
"Stretches? For what?"
"I'll explain later, for now, just pay attention and do it." After Alonso said that, he showed her how to do some stretches and Lea did what she was told. Once Alonso was satisfied, he told her to stop. Once Lea stopped with her stretches, Alonso said.
"Take this." Alonso handed Lea a piece of paper, which Lea opened, and took a look.
"What's this?"
"Your route, you're going to slide as fast as you can and arrive here as soon as you can. I'm going to take time to see how much it takes you."
"Okay, I'm going now." Said Lea with confidence and headed to the door, but before she could get out, Alonso stopped her.
"Esperate, chica, you're forgetting something." After Alonso said that, he went to a section of the gym and brought something that looked heavy. The item looked like a vest, but Lea could see that it was designed for something. "Now, put this on." Lea did as told and put the vest on. Lea could feel that it was heavy, so it could only mean one thing: it was a weight vest. "I know that doing this route would be easy for you. So, to make it more difficult, Ill make you wear this on. It might be annoying, but it will develop more speed than what you already have. You ready for this?"
"Yes, coach!" Lea answered with determination in her eyes.
"Then go." With that said, Lea left the gym and started her roadwork.
Lea was sliding as fast as she could with the weight vest on, but it proved to be more difficult than she thought. However, Lea refused to give up so easily and kept going. After sliding for 20 minutes, she started to show signs of exhaustion, so she started to slide slower than before. While sliding, Lea looked around the area that the route was going through. Lea was mostly passing through residential areas and parks, making the roadwork a little more enjoyable, but it didn't take away the exhaustion. 40 minutes have passed and she had done two thirds of the way, leaving another third of the way to go. Lea was barely holding on and started to slow down again. She knew that going slow wasn't going to cut it, she had to go faster, but her body couldn't hold on any longer at the moment. An hour had passed and Lea could barely see the gym at the distance, but she was going slow. In the end, she reached the gym in one hour and eleven minutes. Alonso was waiting outside of the gym with a watch in hand.
"One hour and eleven minutes. Take a break and continue with your chores in the gym." Ordered Alonso while Lea tried to catch her breath.
"Waitwaswas it good?" Asked Lea while trying to catch her breath.
"Not one bit, even with the weight vest, you should have made it in about forty to thirty minutes." The answer surprised Lea, not knowing that someone could slide faster than her with the weight vest on. Alonso could see that Lea was saddened by the news. "Don't let it get to you like that, it simply means that you have to get back in shape again." Alonso didn't want to go easy on Lea, but it was kind of hard for him. He hoped that Lea didn't get lazy because of that. Those words quickly lifted Lea's spirits.
"Yeahyou'reyou're right, coach. I simply have towork hard, this is just the beginning." After Alonso heard that, he realized that he won't have to worry about her lack of diligence. After that, Lea went inside the gym and took a seat in one of the benches. "Of course it would be bad, I'm not strong enough. I'll just have to work hard from now on. Just wait, Julie. I'm going to make it." After Lea's break, she started to clean the gym and the equipment again. Then, Salena approached her.
"Hey, Lea, I heard you went to do your roadwork, how did it went?" Asked Salena, who was eager to hear about it.
"I didn't do it in a good time. It took me around half an hour longer than normal." Answered Lea, and Salena could see that Lea was hoping to do better.
"Don't worry about it too much. It's been a long time since the last time you did a proper roadwork. With enough time and hard work, you'll be doing it in less time before you know it." Salena's words brought a smile to Lea.
"Thanks, Salena." After Lea said that, something came to her mind. "Salena, can I ask you something?"
"Of course, what is it?"
"When did you started boxing?"
"Let's seearound 5 years ago."
"Whoa, no wonder you have that much experience, what made you get into it?"
"Well, you seeI live with my mother and little sister. My father left when I was 8 years old and we never saw or heard from him again. So, that means that my mother had to do full time job and less time to be with her daughters."
"I'm sorry for bringing that up, it must have been personal."
"It's okay. It's been a long time now."
"So, you picked boxing to help your family?"
"Yup, I didn't earn a lot from other jobs, so I started sliding around in frustration, but then, I saw it. It was a poster advertising a match, with a price on the tickets. That's when I thought to myself, 'if they give me a part from the ticket sales, then I'll make a lot of money'. Also, it would give me more time to spend with my sister and help around the house. So, I decided to become a boxer, and the fortunately for me, this gym was close to the poster. So, I applied here and I'm still here."
"It's really amazing what you're doing."
"Thanks. Well, I have to go back to my training, talk to you later."
"Okay." After Lea said that, Salena went back to training. While working, Lea saw Alinda resting in another bench with sweat dripping from her face. Lea approached Alinda. "Hey, do you need water or a towel?" Alinda turned towards Lea and saw that Lea wanted to be helpful, which made Alinda happy.
"I have both in my bag. Can you pass them to me, please?" Asked Alinda.
"Of course." Said Lea. She eagerly headed to where Alinda was pointing and found her bag. Lea looked inside the bag, found what she was looking for, and took it back to Alinda.
"Thank you." Alinda drank some water and wiped some of her sweat off. "I don't like to be rude, but what were you and Salena talking about?" Asked Alinda with a smile.
"Just about her story of why she picked up boxing." After Lea said that, she started to worry that maybe, she did something that she wasn't supposed to do. "Was it bad for me to ask?"
"Oh no, I was just curious, that's all." Alinda used a smile to show that there was nothing to worry about. It brought Lea some relief, knowing that she didn't do anything wrong.
"Oh, okay. So, what about you?"
"I started boxing around the same age as Salena. My family owns a small shop of groceries, which is not that big, but we tend to have a good amount of different things."
"Is everything okay in the shop?"
"Yeah, don't worry about it, but I do want it to be bigger, more popular. So I thought of sponsoring the store, to let people know about it. Unfortunately, I didn't know how to do it, but then, I saw a boxing match on TV by accident and saw the sponsoring they were doing. So, I thought to myself 'that's how I'm going to do it', then I found this place and started training."
"That's a good story."
"Not really, I'm not in any predicament or anything of the sort." Alinda looked at a clock. "It's nice talking with you, but I have to go back to training. Maybe we can talk some other time."
"Okay." After Lea said that, Alinda got up from the bench, excused herself, and headed to a punching bag. After Alinda left, Lea started to realize something. She didn't know about Hilda's reason to be boxing. Lea didn't have to wonder for long because Hilda came into the gym, probably back from her roadwork. Lea quickly headed to Hilda and asked with eagerness. "Hey Hilda, when did you started boxing?"
"Whoa, lass, can't you let me rest for a bit? I just came back from my roadwork." Asked Hilda in surprise while heading to a nearby bench to sit.
"Oh, yeah, sorry. It's just that, I never thought of why you guys started boxing, but now, I have the chance to know. Besides, I really liked Alinda's and Salena's stories." Hilda could see Lea's eagerness to know and it made her smile.
"Well, my story might be something sadder, compared to their stories. You see, my family is actually the owner of a beer company."
"So, you're rich?!"
"Not anymore, my family is very Catholic, and I mean VERY Catholic. Not everyone, but most of them are, and when they found out that I liked women, they disowned me." Lea could see that Hilda wasn't sad about it, but Hilda looked at it as if it was something funny. Then, Lea realized something that left her surprised.
"Wait, you too?"
"About what?"
"You like girls?"
"Yup, is not like I hide it or anything, but no one seems to care in the boxing world. I mean, you didn't hide it at all, you were practically going around with that girl." After Hilda said that, she realized that something must have happened because when she said 'that girl', Lea had a slight reaction to it. Hilda didn't like the reaction and quickly kept going. "Anyways, they found out, kick me out, and I led a life of nothing but bar brawls and what not. Some of my family were generous enough to give me a place to stay, it was small, but I can't really complain. After one of my bar fights, I got arrested, but the coach saw me in the fight. Then, he went to the station that I was been held on and gave me a proposition, to join or stay in jail. Of course, I chose to join the gym, and here I am."
"Whoa, at least, everything worked out for you. How long have you been doing this?"
"Six years."
"Whoa, you're really experienced." After Lea said that, something hit her mind. "Wait a minute, if you and I like girls, then what about Salena and Alinda?"
"Well, is not like they hide it either, but it would be best if you ask them."
"Okay." Lea left Hilda alone and headed for Alinda, who was punching the sandbag. Once Lea got close, she got Alinda's attention. "Umm, Alinda?"
"Hey, Lea, what is it?" Asked Alinda while she kept punching the bag.
"Do you like girls?" The sudden question surprised Alinda so much, that she missed a left punch, which went to the side of the bag.
"W-where did that question come from?"
"I-I'm sorry, I just discovered that Hilda likes girls, like me, and I just wonder if you and Salena like girls too." Lea started to worry about her question, but Alinda didn't look angry, so Lea quickly calmed down.
"Well, yes, I do too."
"How did your family took it?"
"They actually took it well, they were surprised at first, but they still loved me in the end. I'm still their daughter, regardless of my preferences." The memory brought a smile to Alinda.
"Phew, I feel better knowing that there are people like me."
"Why's that?"
"Uh, no reason, just saying." Alinda wasn't buying it completely, but decided to let it go. "Now, I'm going to ask Salena." Lea quickly left Alinda.
"I wonder why she's so eager to know." Alinda wanted to find out why, but she was busy with her training and decided to ask some other time. Lea found Salena working in the speed bag and slid straight to her. Once Lea got close, Salena noticed Lea and stopped with the speed bag.
"Hey, Lea, what's up?" Asked Salena.
"Do you like girls?" Asked Lea.
"Yup."
"Whoa, that was quick. It doesn't bother you that I ask?"
"I don't see why, is it suppose to?" Asked Salena in confusion.
"Uh, no, I just wasn't expecting it that quick. So, how did your mother took it?"
"As far as I remember, she looked like she was expecting it. She said that I have liked girls since I was very young. Why do you ask?"
"Uh, no reason, just wanted to know. Thanks for telling me, I'm sorry for interrupting you."
"Oh, okay, no problem." After Salena said that, Lea left to keep working on her chores, while Salena kept working on the speed bag. The day went on as normal, with Lea working and the members training. Then, she went to take her break and went to the apartment to rest. Once the break was done, Alonso called for her again. Alonso was waiting besides the ring with some mitts on his hands. Once Lea was close to him, Alonso said.
"Go get some gloves on. We're going to start training again."
"Wait, training? Really?" Asked Lea, who couldn't believe that she would begin so quickly. It was like an answered prayer.
"Yup, now go get the gloves." Alonso hoped to get started, but didn't mind Lea's joy to start training again.
"Okay, I'll be right back." Lea left to get some gloves, put them on, and got back into the ring, where the coach was already waiting.
"Okay, all you have to do is hit these mitts in the order and with the punches that I say. Got it?"
"Yes, coach." Answered Lea with enthusiasm.
"All right, let's start with a jab." Alonso lifted one of the mitts and Lea hit it with a jab. "Good, now hit with two jabs." Lea did as ordered and hit with two jabs. "You seem to know how to throw a proper jab. Now, give me a 1-2." Lea executed the combo without a problem. "Not bad, but you could use other combinations than just those ones."
"Okay, what combination should I do?"
"Since you're an in-fighter, you should use close range combinations. Let's try a 5-6 combination."
"5-6? What's that one?"
"Left uppercut, right uppercut."
"Oh, okay." Lea was a little disappointed, but executed the combination. "Coach, why do the punches have a number?"
"It's easier to say the number, than the whole name of it. Let me tell you the numbers: 1 is a jab, 2 is a straight right, 3 is a left hook, 4 is a right hook, 5 is left uppercut and 6 is right uppercut. Got all that?"
"Yes sir."
"Good, now try a 3-4." Lea did it without problem because they were short ones and easy to do. Alonso wanted Lea to get comfortable with weight shifting and learning close range combinations, instead of the long range ones. It also helped to develop a rhythm, which was something very important for every boxer to have. The mitts were making a loud noise throughout the gym, which Lea didn't notice because she was completely focused on the mitts. Lea and Alonso kept going for three minutes. After the three minutes, Alonso ordered a stop. "Not bad, you really have the hang of it, and I like the defense you have there. You just have to make it second nature." Alonso noticed that the Peek-a-boo was a good defense for Lea because she seemed to be more effective at close range.
"Yeah, it helped me a lot when I fought against my friends."
"Good, we'll work on it some other time. For now, rest for a minute and you'll keep practicing combinations." Just as Alonso said, Lea rested for a full minute, and went back to punching the mitts with different combinations. Alonso didn't say it before, but they were training in stamina and to see how long could Lea go at the moment. On the third set, Lea started to practice some long range combinations involving jabs and straights. By the time they reached the fourth round, which was nine minutes plus 3 minutes of resting, Lea was showing signs of exhaustion. Alonso considered it a good thing. Boxers that fight for 4 rounds should be able to last all four rounds in the beginning, and later on, 6 to 8, and finally, 10 rounds. Lea would have to train more with her stamina by doing roadwork and punching the mitts. Once the 4 rounds were over, Lea fell to the mat and tried to catch her breath. "Not a bad beginning, but I noticed that you lasted this much because you didn't get punched, and youre kind of slow when compared to the other Lamia boxers. We'll be focusing on those two things, and after that, we'll work on strength."
"Okaythank youfor yourtime." Lea was still trying to catch her breath when Alonso finished talking, but her breathing started to calm down.
"Good, take a break so you can go back to your chores." After Alonso said that, Lea went to a nearby bench and sat on it. Lea took off her gloves and started to wipe off the sweat from her face with her hands, until someone from behind gave her a towel. Lea turned around and saw Alfred.
"Thank you." Lea was a little shy with him, since she didn't remember him very well.
"I see he's making you work hard." Said Alfred with a friendly smile.
"Yeah, it's really tiring, but it doesn't bother me at all." Alfred could see that Lea was glad to be training properly.
"Really? People usually complain about how tired they are."
"Well, it's easier to endure when you're enjoying the training."
"That's true." After Alfred said that, they went silent, which made Lea uncomfortable. "You know, this is the most that we have talked alone."
"The most?" Asked Lea in surprise.
"Yup, you weren't that sociable when you got here on the first day."
"Oh, I'm sorry." Lea looked down to the floor.
"Don't worry about it, that's in the past now. What matters is that your back and working properly." Those words brought relief to Lea, knowing that he held no grudge against her.
"Thanks, Alfred."
"No problem. Well, I have to get back to work. Nice talking with you, good luck with your training." After Alfred said that, he started to head out of the gym.
"Thank you, good luck on your work." Alfred heard that, looked back, and said.
"Thanks, I'm actually going to need it." Then, Alfred left the gym, leaving Lea wondering what he meant by that. The day went as normal, with Lea doing chores in the gym and the members training all the way to evening. Around that time, some of the members started to leave the gym, which was most of them. That left only a few members who were still training, including Alinda, Salena, and Hilda. Once that happened, Alonso called Lea.
"Oye, chica, come here." Lea was cleaning the ring, but stopped as soon as Alonso called her. Lea picked her cleaning stuff and went straight to Alonso.
"Yes, coach?" Asked Lea.
"You're done with cleaning duty. Now, you're going to be training for the rest of the gym's hours."
"Oh, okay, what am I going to be doing today?" Asked Lea with enthusiasm.
"To begin with, you can put that stuff away."
"Oh, yeah." After Lea said that, she put the cleaning equipment away, and got back to Alonso. Alonso put Lea to do some weight lifting, and work on the punching bags. That kept going until the gym actually had to close for the day, which by then, Lea was exhausted from the training.
"Okay, this is all for today. Once you rest up, you can go ahead and start closing the gym."
"Okay, thanks for the training." Lea sounded so grateful, that it touched Alonso.
"No need to thank me, tell the other members who are still here that the gym is closing." After Alonso said that, he headed to the locker room to change clothes, while Lea stayed on the bench that she was resting on. Once Lea was fully rested, she started to tell the other members that the gym was closing. Alinda, Salena, and Hilda already left hours ago, but they gave their goodbyes before going home. All members heard the news and started to head for the showers, while Lea started to clean the equipment. The members finished with their showers, changed into their street clothes, and said good-bye to Lea. That was a little surprising for Lea, since she didn't know that many people, but she returned their farewells.
"I guess is the fact that we are all boxers here." Alonso was the last person to come out of the locker room, ready to head home. Before doing so, he went to Lea.
"Lea, I have something to say to you." Said Alonso with a serious voice.
"Is something wrong?" Lea stopped what she was doing at the moment to give her full attention to Alonso.
"I know that you want to fight as soon as you can, but I'm not sure when that will be, especially after what you did before the committee suspended you for a year. Something like that wasn't easy to forget, nor forgive."
"SoI won't be able to fight again?"
"Don't worry, you will have a match, but I don't know if Alfred can get you one. He's going to talk with the committee to see if you are free to have a match. In the meantime, just keep up with your training, and once you are ready, I'll ask Alfred and see if he managed something."
"Okay, I'll do my best to get in proper shape." Lea wasn't willing to give up, which Alonso could see.
"Glad to hear that. Close up and make sure to go to bed early, you have to open tomorrow."
"Don't worry, coach, I'll open in time."
"Alright, have a good night, chica." After Alonso said that, he left the gym and went home. Once Lea finished cleaning everything in the gym, she started to close the gym. Lea double checked that everything was in its place, and once she was finished, she went to her apartment. Lea didn't have anything that could be entertaining. She didn't even have a phone to call anyone. She simply had the minimum to live in the apartment. Lea would have to put the rest. At the moment, she was completely broke. With nothing else to do, Lea took a shower and ate something for dinner, which was cereal. Lea could, at the very least, make a few simple dishes, but that was it. Once Lea was done with her food and she let it digest, she decided to go to bed. Before falling asleep, she started to wonder what Julie was doing. Lea was hoping that everything was going well with Julie and the house. Lea remembered the directions to Julie's house, so she could go and pay Julie a visit. Unfortunately, Lea didn't know what days was Julie off from her job as the owner of the whole place. Lea couldn't think anything further than that because sleep soon took her to dreamland before she knew it.
It was a new day at the home group. Everyone was waking at their own hour, and Julie was no different, especially since she was the owner of the house. Nevertheless, Julie woke up at a decent hour, took her shower, and put proper clothes, which were a pair of jeans and a t-shirt. Julie wore that because she had nowhere important to go and she was in her house. Once she was ready, she headed down to the cafeteria to get her breakfast. Julie entered the cafeteria and she could see that the cooks were already done preparing breakfast. Then, she headed straight to the kitchen and greeted one of the cooks.
"Morning, Lucy." Greeted Julie with a smile.
"Hey, Julie, how are you this morning?" Asked Lucy, who was happy to see Julie up and about.
"I'm starving, what are we having today?" Asked Julie while rubbing her stomach.
"We prepared some omelets, but we thought of letting the kids decide what they want in it."
"Great, can I have mine with bacon and ham, please?" The question made Lucy chuckle and said.
"Sometimes, I wonder how can you eat this kind of meals and still avoid getting fat." 
"Who knows? I guess I'm just lucky." Julie made a playful pose, like she was proud of it.
"Or maybe they go to a certain place, if you know what I mean." Lucy looked at Julie's chest, which made Julie cover her breasts and made a shocked face.
"Oh, stop it, or they might think you swing the same way that I do." After Julie said that, they both start laughing.
"All right, all right, I'll get your food ready." Lucy went to the kitchen, leaving Julie waiting on her own. Julie decided to look around to kill time, and her eyes fell on the table that she and Lea shared over a week ago.
"I wonder how she's doing right now. Did she found a place to stay? Did she have something to eat?" Julie's mind wandered off so far, that she didn't notice someone calling her. The person could see that calling Julie wasn't working, and so, the person decided to tap her in the head with something. The tap got a reaction from Julie. "Huh, what?" Julie turned around and found Lucy, who was holding a tray with an omelet in one hand and the other hand was holding a clean spatula.
"Julie, are you okay? I've been trying to tell you that your food is ready." Julie could see that Lucy was worried.
"Oh, yeah, sorry." Julie felt silly for spacing out like that.
"Is it about your friend?" The question left Julie a little surprised.
"How did you know?"
"Well, you were looking at that table, which if my mind isn't starting to fail me now, is where you and Lea were sitting together." After Lucy said that, Julie put a longing face.
"Yeah, I just wondered if she was alright."
"Well, I can understand that, but I also think that you miss having a friend."
"But, you're my friend, I have friends in here."
"I mean a friend of your age. You focus so much on your work that you don't give yourself some time to go out and make friends."
"I guess you're right. You think I should take some vacations?"
"Of course, this place won't close down just because you took a few days for yourself. Go out, have fun, find a nice girl. Who knows? You might see Lea somewhere nearby." That was what Lucy hoped for, because it would brighten Julie's day.
"I don't know about that, she could be in another city as far as I know."
"Who knows? Fate is a funny thing after all. Well, you better go and eat your breakfast before it gets cold."
"All right, talk to you later." After Julie said that, she went to a table, took a seat, and ate her breakfast. Once she finished her breakfast, she decided to go to her office and see how they were doing at the moment. Julie entered her office, which looked clean and in order because that was the kind of person that she was. The moment that Julie took a seat behind her desk, Nick entered the office to give a report. "So, how are we doing right now? Please tell me is going well."
"Not good enough, we are getting some money, but not enough to pay off the interest, not even to pay the actual debt. I'm afraid that it might be another close one, but if we are lucky, we could get another year. Although, considering that the bank tends to come up with whatever excuse to make the debt even harder to pay, we might need something close to a miracle to keep going another year." Said Nick.
"It feels like we are going around in a limbo, neither losing nor winning anything." Said Julie, who was frustrated by the situation.
"I know what you mean, but we can't give up so easily. As long as there is hope, we can find a way out of this." Nicks optimism lifted Julie's mood.
"Of course, Mataya never gave up when things looked grim, we just have to think of something." They spent a while thinking of how they could pay up the debt, but nothing effective came up and decided to leave it for the day. Nick went to his office to work on the accounts, leaving Julie to work in her office. After a few hours of work, she decided to take her break, which she could take anytime that she wanted, but wanted to be fair with the other staff members. Julie thought it would be a good idea to have some fresh air, and so, she went to the backyard. Julie reached the backyard, which had toys and benches close to the house. Julie took a seat on one of the benches and watched the kids play. After a few moments, she started to think about Lea and made a small wish. "I hope everything is going well for you." Julie knew that moping around wasn't going to help, and so, she decided to have faith in Lea and hope for her safety. The kids that were playing noticed Julie sitting on a bench and walked up to her.
"Hey, Julie, do you want to play with us?" Asked one of the kids.
"Okay, let's play." Answered Julie with a smile.
"Yay, Julie is playing!" Everyone, including Julie, headed to the field and played. After playing for two hours, Julie decided to head back to her office, just to find a lot of paperwork to do and Nick waiting for her.
"Please tell me this is not true." Begged Julie.
"Unfortunately, it is. Now that you enjoyed your longer-than-normal break, you have some paperwork to do." Answered Nick with a playful smile. Julie dropped her shoulders and groaned in displeasure.
"This is going to take forever." And so, Julie worked all the way until evening, which left her so exhausted that the only thing she wanted to do was go to her room, take a shower, and head straight to bed. Before falling asleep, Julie made another wish. "Good night, Lea. I hope to see you again."
It was another day at the gym, with Lea maintaining the gym, helping any other member that needed her help, and keeping up with her training. Everything was normal, until Alonso and Alfred approached Lea.
"Chica, we have some news for you." Announced Alonso, and Lea could see in their faces that it was something important.
"What's going on, coach?" Asked Lea.
"Nothing to worry about, I'll let Alfred explain the situation." Alfred took this as the moment to start talking.
"You see, I went to the committee to see if you were able to fight again. After all, the suspension was supposed to be only a year, but they seemed to be trying to avoid the subject. I just came back from talking with them and we reached to an agreement." Said Alfred, and it got the attention of Alinda, Salena, and Hilda, mostly because they were close by, but they also wanted to know about the situation with Lea.
"Hey, what's going on? Is Lea in trouble?" Asked Salena.
"Nothing of the sort, but I'm sure that it would be interesting for everyone." Answered Alfred.
"Why's that?" Asked Alinda..
"Well, they agreed to let Lea fight again, but under one condition." Said Alfred.
"A condition?" Asked Hilda.
"Yes, Lea is free to fight again, if and only if, she fights under a different name." Answered Alfred.
"A different name?" Asked Lea.
"Yes. In my opinion, is because they don't want to be associated with someone that insulted them in public and on television, which is also called saving face." Answered Alfred.
"Oh, come on, that was like two years ago, I'm sure people forgot about it." Said Salena in disbelief.
"Well, I think is on the internet or something." Answered Alfred.
"And that's the situation, chica. Do you want to change your name or not?" Asked Alonso with a serious face. That was a problem for Lea because she wanted to get to the top as soon as possible. She knew that she would get more money if she reached the top. Unfortunately, it would mean that Lea would appear on TV and Julie might found out about it. If Julie found out about Lea hurting other people for money, she will never speak or see Lea again. However, if Lea used a different name, it would be hard to recognize her, and is very likely that Julie won't see any matches on TV.
"Okay, I'll change my name to something else." Said Lea with a serious face.
"All right, I'll let the committee know of your choice." Said Alfred and started to head to the office.
"Okay then, what name should you use?" Asked Alinda, who was already thinking about it.
"Why not Hammer Fists? Since her fists are really tough." Said Salena.
"You complained about it a few moments ago, but now you're okay with it."
"Well, when you think about it, using a cool name would be awesome."
"I see, but that name won't do, she needs something more appropriate. How about Susan or Maria?"
"No way, those sound boring. We need something amazing, something that would scare people just by hearing it."
"H-how about the Hunter?" Said Lea. Everyone looked at Lea and The Hunter didn't fit Lea's image. There were times when she looked like a scared puppy. Hilda was very quiet about it because she was thinking about a good name. Then, she found a name that suited Lea.
"How about 'The Specter'?" Said Hilda.
"Specter? Why that one?" Asked Salena.
"Well, we all thought Lea was dead, right? And here she is, standing like a ghost." All three of them looked at Lea and soon realized that her looks fitted the name.
"I think it suits her very well." Said Alinda.
"I'm with you on that one." Said Salena.
"Now that you're all done with it, you should get back to your training." Said Alonso, who was annoyed that they were wasting time on that.
"Oh, yeah, sorry about that." Said Salena, and after that, they went back to what they were supposed to be doing and Alonso walked away to do other things.
"The Specter, huh? It actually sounds like a good ring name." Of course, Alonso wouldn't say it out loud, not wanting to lose the appearance of a strict coach. Lea was learning fast and training hard, so in a few more weeks, she might be able to participate in her debut match under the name 'The Specter'. Alonso hoped that her opponent wasn't that tough to defeat. After all, to lose at a debut match might cost her more matches. "I hope you get ready soon, chica, because you're about to enter a brutal world of nothing but victory or defeat. More importantly, I hope you come out in one piece."

Chapter 6: Back In The Ring
A month had passed since Lea joined the gym. She had been living in the gym and working in it, while also keeping up with her own training. Alonso could see that Lea was improving well, getting in good shape to participate in her debut match, but Alfred hadn't found out about Lea's opponent, yet. One day, while Lea was doing her training, Alfred arrived to the gym and went to talk with Alonso. Lea was too far to know what they were talking about, but it didn't take long for them to finish and went straight to Lea. Even before they reached her, she could see that it was serious.
"Chica, we have some news for you." Said Alonso with a serious look on his face.
"What is it, coach?" Asked Lea.
"We got your opponent for you debut match."
"Really?" Those were great news for Lea, and it was showing on her face.
"Yes and here's the bad news." Alfred added with a worried look. "Your opponent is Valeria White, who has a record of 6 matches, 6 wins, and all of them by KO. This isn't a normal opponent for you, I tried to get someone else, but they didn't want to put anyone else against you." Lea wasn't expecting that and it made her worry.
"What does that mean?" Asked Salena, who heard the conversation, and started to approach them. Salena was training, but she paid more attention to the news, and she didn't like them.
"It means that the committee wants Lea to lose this one. They picked this opponent with the excuse that she was a previous world champion." Answered Alonso, who was bothered by their decision.
"Isn't that unfair? Lea is been out of boxing for two years, she's just getting used to fighting again." Said Alinda, who also heard the discussion because she was training close enough to hear. Just like Alonso, she was obviously against that choice.
"Unfortunately, is their rules and we can't do anything about it. All we can do is prepare Lea for the match and win." Said Alonso, and after that, he turned towards Lea. "What do you say, chica? Think you can do this?"
"I can't run away from my opponents, I don't have that luxury. I'll do it." Said Lea with determination, which pleased Alonso.
"Very well, the match is in a month. Until then, you are free from chores in the gym and you will only focus on your training."
"All right, I'm going to need all the time I can get."
"You better be ready, chica, this month is going to be a hard one."
"Yes, coach."
In another gym in California, another Lamia boxer was training for her next match. The Lamia had brunette hair with medium skin tone. She was working on the heavy bag, making it sound loud and clear. Unfortunately, it didn't sound like anticipation, but more like impatience. A male satyr with gray hair, olive skin and brown eyes was approaching the Lamia.
Satyrs were considered to be some animal that wanted to do nothing, except to party all day long, but that wasn't the case. Some were really smart, others were more an indoor kind of person, and so on. Unfortunately, the image of them been lazy was more popular during ancient times. The Satyrs had the typical goat legs, ears, tail and horns, which both male and female possessed. In modern times, humans considered the Satyrs as normal as another person, or as normal as another inter-species person.
"Hey, Valeria, you have been at it for a while, what's gotten into you?" Asked the satyr, which made the Lamia stop punching. Then, she turned towards him, looking at him with dark brown eyes.
"Nothing, coach, it just feels like a waste of time to me." Said Valeria, who couldn't hide her discontent in her voice, not even in her face.
"You're still going on about that? Look, I know how you feel, you've been talking about it the whole day, but there's nothing we can do. The committee decided to put this match. Consider it a free point or a preparation to something more important than you can imagine."
"Thanks for trying to cheer me up, Tom, but it feel like they are trying to hold me back. I mean, did you see the ring name? 'Specter'." Valeria made quotation marks with her hands as she said the name.
"Hey, a ring name is one thing, but fighting the person herself is another. We can't underestimate her, so you better be prepared for anything."
"Trust me, I won't and I'm going to send a message to the rest of my opponents." Valeria turned towards the heavy bag, and landed a right straight, which moved the heavy bag. "No one is going to stop me from making my grandfather proud." Tom knew what Valeria was talking about, everyone in the gym knew about it. Valeria's grandfather was a previous boxer in the super middle weight division, and a very good boxer. She was very proud to be the granddaughter of such a boxer and the two were very close. Unfortunately, his career ended when he died of brain damage before he could get the belt. It was very unfortunate for his family, since he was a single match away from getting a championship match. After her grandfather's death, Valeria made it her personal goal to gain what her grandfather couldn't get, a world championship belt.
"You better be careful, Specter, or she might end your career by accident." Tom was honestly worried about her, but that was the kind of sport that it was, so he put it out of his mind for the day.
Lea was training with the speed bag, until Alonso approached her. Lea stopped working on the speed bag and gave her attention to Alonso.
"All right, chica, listen up, we got some info on your opponent. Apparently, she's a counter-puncher who prefers to stay close to her opponents. You could say that she has experience against in-fighters." Said Alonso.
"So, what should I do?" Asked Lea, who was hoping for a plan from Alonso.
"There are a few methods on how to defeat a counter-puncher: The first is using feints, they need a pattern to strike, so feints messes with them. The second, throw as many punches as you can, it's easy for them to counter short combos or single punches. The third, which might be more difficult than it sounds, you have to think faster than the other. If you can pull this off, you can beat her, do you understand?"
"Yeah, I'll do my best." Answered Lea with determination.
"Good, for now, we're going to raise your stamina as much as possible so that you can keep striking without stopping." Alonso put the mitts on and headed to the ring. "Now get in the ring."
"Okay." Lea followed the coach, got in the ring, and they started to train again. The next day was the same, but then, Alonso decided to put Lea against Alinda in a sparring match.
"This should help a lot with your training against Valeria, especially since Alinda is a counter-puncher." Said Alonso
"Oh, thanks for the help." Said Lea with a grateful smile on her face.
"My pleasure, Lea. Now, come at me with everything you got." Said Alinda and the spar started. As Alonso ordered to Alinda, she would use counters in the match. Lea charged at Alinda, who got surprised by Lea's new speed. Alinda was forced to retreat, and while doing so, she threw a left jab, but Lea blocked it with her Peek-a-boo defense. Alinda tried to force Lea to throw a punch, but Lea wasn't buying the bait and continued to chase after Alinda. Once Alinda saw Lea make the motion for a right straight, Alinda prepared herself to counter, but Lea quickly threw a left jab at Alinda. The punch hit Alinda square in the face, stopping her in the spot, and Lea took the opportunity to rush in. Lea made another motion for a jab, which Alinda tried to block, but Lea changed the punch to a left hook. Alinda was expecting something like that and dodged the punch, but Lea quickly launched a right hook. Alinda barely had time to block it with her left arm, but she lost balance, and it took her a while to regain it. Lea took the opportunity to charge in, but Alonso decided to stop the match, knowing that Lea was from a different weight division.
"Okay, that's enough. It seems you got the main idea, which is the best we can come up with in such a short time." Said Alonso.
"All right, thank you for your help Alinda." Lea thanked Alinda with a smile.
"No problem. You've really improved since you got here. You had trouble keeping up with me before, but you've gotten faster." Said Alinda, who was surprised by Leas new speed and skill.
"Really? I didn't even notice it."
"Well, I have to get back to my training. Talk to you later." Alinda was happy to see Lea improve.
"Okay, later." Alinda left the ring and Lea stayed to train with Alonso. Once Alinda was far enough, she started to rub her left arm. A small groan escaped her. "Those punches are starting to hurt more than before." Someone noticed that and approached Alinda.
"Hey, are you okay?" Alinda turned around and saw Salena,who had a worried expression on her face.
"Yeah, it's nothing to worry about." Salena stared for a moment and grabbed Alinda's arm, almost making Alinda cry in pain. Salena got a good look at the bruise that was coloring Alinda's left arm.
"You're lying, look at this. I know you want to help Lea, but if you get hurt, you have to let them know."
"Let go, I'm not some little princess to be rescued. I'm a boxer too, you know." Alinda tried to free her arm, but Salena was stronger and started to pull Alinda to the locker room, where they kept a first aid kit. Once they get into the locker room, Salena ordered Alinda to sit in one of the benches. Alinda did what she told to do, while Salena got the first aid kit. Salena got the kit, took it to Alinda, took some gel to help with the bruise, and started to rub it on Alinda's arm, which made Alinda blush.
"Her hands are soft." Thought Alinda
"There, you should let it rest for a while." Salena took the gel's container and put it back into the kit, happy to know that Alinda received some medicine for her bruise.
"T-thank you."
"No problem, that's what friends do, right?" Responded Salena with a smile, which made Alinda's mood drop, but Alinda didn't let it show.
"Uh, yeah, friends. Anyways, I'm going to do some roadwork." Alinda quickly got up from the bench.
"Okay, take care." Alinda left the locker room first, and left the gym to do her roadwork.
"Sometimes, I wish you weren't so dense." Alinda decided to speed up in an attempt to forget about it.
It was a new day, and Lea's match was the next day, which meant that Lea and Alonso had to head out to the venue to do the weigh-ins. Once they reached to the venue, they went to a room that had more people than expected. Some of those people were journalists, who were looking for the next future champion and challengers. When Lea entered the room, they started to look at her, which made her nervous.
"All right, chica. Take everything off, except your underwear." Said Alonso, who didn't look bothered by the journalists' presence.
"O-okay." Said Lea and she started to undress. Then, the journalists started to talk.
"Is that Valeria's opponent? She doesn't look that tough." Said one journalist.
"Must be her first time doing weigh-ins." Said another journalist.
"She might fall in the first round." The comments went on and on. Even though Lea showed some well-developed muscles, it didn't seem to impress them.
"Don't listen to them, chica, just let them get your weight and we'll leave." Said Alonso, who was getting annoyed by the journalists.
"O-okay." Said Lea. Across the room, Lea's opponent finished undressing and was waiting to be called, which they did around the time that Lea finished undressing.
"Miss White, come to the scale please." Valeria did as asked and got on the scale. The people in charge of doing the weight check started to make adjustments and calculations. "168 pounds, passed." After that was said, Valeria got off the scale and headed back to her trainer to dress. "Okay, next one, please." The people in charge of taking the weight were asked not to reveal Lea's identity. Lea went to the scale and got on it. "170 and a half, passed." With that done, Lea got off the scale and headed back to Alonso to dress quickly. Lea considered her task done and just wanted to leave, but the journalists had other plans in mind.
"So, Miss White, what are your thoughts on your opponent?" Asked a journalist.
"My thoughts?" Asked Valeria with a face that was hard to read.
"Yes, she seems to have good physique, but nothing else is known about her, what do you think of fighting someone like her?"
"From the moment I heard that I was fighting someone in her debut match, I thought it was a waste of time for me. All I care about is getting the belt, but there's nothing I can do about it." Valeria turned around and looked at Lea. Everyone in the room could see that Valeria wasn't impressed in the least. "I'll just beat her and keep climbing up the ranks." After Valeria said that, she slid to the door and left the room.
"Valeria is bothered that she was held back from rising up, and even more when she has to fight against someone that she considers an amateur." Alonso explained to Lea, who was feeling bad about it.
"I see." That was the only response that Lea gave. The journalists thought that Valeria insulted Lea, so they quickly went to speak with her.
"What do you think of Valeria's response? How do you respond to it?" Asked a journalist. All the journalists were waiting for Lea to respond with another insult against Valeria. After all, feuds tended to sell well in magazines, but Leas response surprised everyone.
"I-I understand why she would say that, I'm just starting in my boxing career, and she has been here longer than me." Answered Lea with a timid voice, which wasn't very impressive for the journalists. Fortunately for them, Lea wasn't done. "ButI'll prove it to her." Lea's voice suddenly changed to a more serious one.
"Prove what?"
"I'm not a waste of time. I'll prove it in the ring." It wasn't exactly what the journalists wanted, but Lea had an impressive face. They could see that Lea was serious about her promise, which was better than nothing. After that, everyone left the building and Lea started to head back to the gym with Alonso.
"That was a good response, way different than what you would have said before. So, how are you going to prove it?" Asked Alonso.
"I'll use everything that Ive learned against her." Answered Lea.
"Good, rest up for today, tomorrow is your fight after all."
"All right." They keep going on their way back to the gym, determined to show Lea's return to the boxing ring. That night, Lea had trouble sleeping because she was thinking of her upcoming match. "Tomorrow is the day. Why am I so nervous if I have fought before? Could it be that it would affect someone other than me?" In the past, Lea didn't care about who would get affected, other than herself. After training so hard, Lea understood that, if she were to lose the match, then all her efforts would have been for nothing. Also, losing would mean that Lea would get farther away from her goal and would never be able to help Julie with her debt. "No point in thinking about it right now, I'll do everything that I can to win. I won't disappoint anyone, just wait and see."  Lea finally fell asleep and got her needed rest for the fight.
The next night, Lea, Alonso, and Fergus headed to the venue where the match would take place. Once she reached the place, Lea could see Alinda, Salena, and Hilda waiting for her at the entrance.
"Hey, everyone." Greeted Lea with a wave of her hand.
"Hey, lass, you got here in time to prepare. How are you feeling right now?" Asked Hilda, who knew how it felt to be close to participate in a debut match.
"I'm actually a little nervous, but not as bad as before." Lea was happy to see their support for her.
"Well, we'll cheer for you, so do your best." Said Salena.
"Thanks, I will." Said Lea with a smile.
"It's almost time to start. You better go and get ready. Good luck in your match, Lea." Said Alinda.
"Thanks, everyone, see you after the match." After Lea said that, they all head into the venue. Lea went to her assigned room with Alonso and Fergus, while Lea's friends went to their seats. Lea's group reached and entered their assigned room, which a curtain dividing the room into two parts. On one side of the room, there were boxers of the same race as Lea wearing their boxing equipment. On the other side of the room, there were lockers that boxers could use.
"Fortunately, you have your trunks and protector on, so put your clothes in your locker. Once you are done, you should start warming up." Said Alonso.
"Okay." Said Lea. She went through the curtain, took her street clothes off, and put them into a locker. When she was done, she went back to her group, and started to do some shadow boxing to warm up.
"She seem to be in a good shape to fight." Said Fergus, who started to feel confident of their victory after seeing Lea's physique.
"She is, but I don't know if she's used to be in the spotlight anymore. She might start to feel pressure once she's in the ring." Said Alonso, who hoped that it wouldn't affect Lea for long. "For now, let's hope for the best."
In another room of the building, Valeria was also doing some shadow boxing to warm up. However, something inside her mind was bothering her.
"You want to prove me wrong? Let's see if you can actually do that!" Thought Valeria. After the weigh-in, Valeria returned to the gym and it didn't take long for someone to tell her what Lea said to the journalist. The person tried to make it sound like an insult, but Valeria didn't fall for it. Even so, Valeria kept remembering Lea's words. Valeria tried to prepare against Lea, but there was a problem. Valeria tried to watch some videos of Lea's previous matches, but she couldn't because she didn't know that Lea was Specter. With no other option left, they decided to go with their normal training.
"So, what is your plan to fight Specter?" Asked Tom.
"I'll just test her out, see how she fights, and then I will simply strike her down when the chance comes up." Said Valeria while warming up.
"Well, that's the only thing we can do for now. Don't drop your guard. Anything can happen in the ring, understand?" Said Tom with a serious voice.
"Yeah, don't worry. I'm going to win this one." After Valeria said that, a staff member called for Valeria to go to the ring.
"All right, let's go."
"Time to get this over with." Valeria was ready to start and end the match. Then, the two of them got up and left the room.
Around that time, another staff member called for Lea to head to the ring.
"All right, chica, let's see how much you've improved." Said Alonso.
"Don't worry, coach, I won't let it go to waste, and I won't let you down. I won't let her down either." Lea's eyes showed determination and an unwillingness to lose.
"Bien dicho, let's go." Lea, Alonso, and Fergus, head out to the ring, ready to win the match. Once they reached the arena, the spotlight was on the ring, showing the announcer in the middle of the ring. The arena itself wasn't as full as expected, especially since Lea's match was an under card. Some of the audience clapped for them and some whistled, which Lea didn't know for what. Lea kept sliding, looking at the one thing that she had left for two years, the ring.
"Hey, there she is." Said Salena while pointing at Lea.
"Hey, Specter, good luck!" Cheered Alinda while waving at Lea.
"Show her what you're made of, lass!" Cheered Hilda.
Lea could see the announcer, who was waiting for both boxers to get into the ring. She was the first one to get into the ring, and right after that, she looked at the spotlights. Lea felt like she was under them for the first time, and that made her nervous. Valeria was the last one to get into the ring, and the announcer wasted no time in introducing both boxers.
"Today, we're starting with a middleweight 4 round match. In the blue corner, she has a record of 6 fights, 6 victories, all of them by KO. Weighting at 168 pounds in human weight, she's Valeria White!" Valeria lifted her arms and the crowd responded to it. "On the red corner, weighting at 170 and a half pounds, in her debut match, the Specter!" The audience responded, but not as much as they did with Valeria. Lea rose her right arm, but she was too shy to do anything else. The referee was announced and he stepped in the middle of the ring. Then, he ordered both boxers to the middle of the ring and they did without a problem. With both boxers in the middle, the referee started to go over the rules and asked them to have a clean fight. Valeria wasn't really listening to the referee, she was glaring at Lea, and Lea was glaring back.
"Why is she glaring at me so much? It's not like she's going to win the match with just that." Thought Lea, who wasn't intimidated by Valeria. After the explanation and the introductions were over, both boxers headed back to their corners and waited for the bell. Before Alonso left the ring, he gave Lea a plan of attack.
"Remember, once you get close, keep punching without stopping, you have to keep her either trapped or confused." Said Alonso with a serious voice.
"Got it." Responded Lea, who didn't seem to be nervous. Instead, she looked prepared to fight. After that, Alonso left the ring and stayed close to the corner. At the moment, Lea and Valeria were waiting on their corners for the bell. It didn't take long for the bell to ring, which announced the beginning of the first round.
Lea came out of her corner with her Peek-a-boo guard, while Valeria came out of her corner with a standard guard, and they headed to the middle of the ring. Then, they stopped before reaching punching range, each boxer waiting for the other to make a move.
"Come on, Specter. Make your move so I can get out of here already." Thought Valeria, whose wish didn't get granted, which frustrated her. "All right, I'll just force you to move." Valeria rushed in and started to throw jabs from a distance, but Lea blocked them easily. Lea dodged another jab and charged in, but Valeria moved to the side and kept throwing jabs. None of them landed because Lea kept her guard up and blocked all the jabs. Since none of those jabs landed, Valeria decided to give Lea a bait that she could not resist. Valeria started to move forward, trying to make Lea open up her guard. Lea feinted a charge, which made Valeria back away. Lea quickly followed and kept pushing Valeria to the ropes. Valeria knew what Lea was planning and thought of a plan to escape. Valeria feinted going to the left, where Lea was prepared to go, but Valeria charged in and threw a right straight, which Lea ducked in surprise. Lea attacked with a right uppercut to Valeria's chin, which Valeria blocked with the palm of her left glove. Unfortunately, it wasn't enough to stop the punch and it pushed her hand all the way to her chin, which caused some damage.
Valeria's corner was left in shock. They didn't expect Lea to have such a destructive punching power.
"That's one heck of a punch! What kind of training did they do to achieve that? Remain calm, Valeria, keep a cool head and focus on your counters." Thought Tom, who realized that the opponent they were facing was a strong one. Meanwhile, Lea's corner remained calm. Lea may have landed that punch, but it landed on the guard, so it wasn't a clean hit.
"Good one, chica. Show her that you are not a waste of time." Thought Alonso.
The damage made Valeria slide back. The display of power pleased the audience, making them cheer for Lea. It also shocked Valeria because she wasn't expecting that kind of power. "What the hell? What was that punch? That wasn't a normal punch, is not a punch that a normal amateur can actually throw." Thought Valeria in shock. Lea took the opportunity to rush in, closing the distance between them. Once Lea got close enough, she landed uppercuts on Valeria's body. Valeria felt the punches, so she quickly protected herself with a cross arm block. Lea changed her uppercuts to hooks aimed at Valerias head. Valeria ducked the hooks and started to slide away from Lea in an attempt to escape from the in-fight.
"I can't let her get away from me. I almost get the pace going to my favor." Thought Lea, who was determined to keep the attack going. She started to follow Valeria, but Valeria started to throw jabs. Lea blocked them, but the jabs kept her from moving forward. Once Valeria threw another jab, Lea ducked the punch and charged in with a right hook aimed at Valeria's body, but Valeria was waiting for it. Valeria saw the punch coming, moved back, and quickly countered with a right straight. The punch hit Lea in the face and made her slide back. Valeria moved forward and launched another right straight. Lea moved her head to the right and dodged the punch.
"Good thing I'm getting use to her, I can counter much more easily." The information pleased Valeria. Lea rushed in with a right uppercut to Valeria's body, but Valeria blocked it with the left arm. Then, Valeria threw a right hook, but Lea threw a left uppercut, making it a simultaneous exchange. Normally, both fighters would feel the same amount of damage, but considering Lea's strength, Valeria came out with more damage. Lea knew that she would cause more damage, so she threw a right hook, but Valeria quickly slid back to the ropes.
"Dammit, almost had her, I need to get her to stop moving so much." Lea realized that to take down Valeria, Lea would need to stop Valeria from sliding away so much. So, Lea's new target was Valeria's body. Lea moved forward and threw some jabs to tell the distance that she was in, but Valeria had other plans in mind. Valeria dodged the punches, rushed in, wrapped her arms under Lea's arms so Lea couldn't keep throwing punches, and got her in a clinch. After the referee saw that, he got to the boxers and ordered Valeria to separate, which Valeria complied with. Once the referee gave the okay to fight again, Lea tried to attack again, but Valeria clinched again.
Alonso was watching the match and he suddenly realized what Valeria was doing.
"That Valeria sure is smart enough to do what is needed." Said Alonso, who was looking annoyed.
"The reasons that a boxer would clinch is to get out of the ropes, the corner, or" Said Fergus, who didn't finish the list, but Alonso finished it.
"To recover from damage. That last exchange must have hurt her more than we can see from here. Lea can finish the match in this round, but she needs to get her into an in-fight."
Back into the fight, Valeria clinched again, which was starting to bother the crowd, but Valeria didn't care
"Okay, just a little more and I'll have enough strength to keep fighting." Thought Valeria. The referee broke them apart once more, but that time, Lea didn't charged in. She knew that Valeria would clinch if Lea got too close. That left Lea with no other option, but to attack with left jabs. That kept Valeria on the defensive, but Lea didn't realize that it was going to work against her. Valeria kept blocking and dodging the punches as much as she could, reading the timing and speed of Lea's jabs.
One minute had passed and Valeria felt she had read more than enough. So, after Lea threw another jab, Valeria parried the punch and threw a right straight at Lea. The punch hit Lea square in the face, which made her slide back. Valeria didn't move forward, knowing that it would be dangerous to get close, and decided to keep distance. Lea moved forward and threw another left jab, but it was useless because Valeria tried to counter again. Fortunately, Lea was prepared for it and she ducked the punch. Lea decided to back away from Valeria, trying to come up with something to fight her. Valeria didn't give Lea that chance and followed her with jabs. Lea guarded against the jabs, closing up as much as she could. Valeria simply kept throwing jabs at Lea, keeping her from doing anything at all. Lea was trying to think of something, but it didn't take long for her to simply wait for a long swing and move forward. Valeria realized that and decided to quickly move to Lea's right side. From there, Valeria threw a jab where there was no guard because Lea was blocking the front, but not the sides. Valeria landed a hit and followed with a right straight, which Lea parried with her right shoulder and rushed in. Valeria was thinking of clinching again, but Lea was prepared for that. Lea decided to keep her body low and arms close to her body, so Valeria couldn't block Lea's arms. Valeria decided to move away from Lea, trying to stay in the center of the ring. That would give Valeria more space to move around, just in case Lea tried to get close. Lea followed Valeria, who threw jabs to keep Lea away, but Lea parried the jabs and kept moving forward.
Somewhere in the audience, Lea's friends were watching the match, and in their opinion, things were getting bad.
"Man, that Valeria sure knows how to slide around the ring. It's going to be difficult to catch her." Said Salena, who got annoyed after seeing Valeria sliding around the ring. Salena knew by experience just how frustrating it was to catch an out-boxer.
"I would prefer maneuver, instead of 'slide around', but you're right. It will be difficult to catch Valeria." Said Alinda, who had a better understanding of the situation because she was an out-boxer.
"That's not all, Valeria seems to have gotten the timing of her attacks." Said Hilda, who had faced counter-punchers in the past.
Back in the fight, Valeria kept moving back while throwing jabs, which kept Lea away from Valeria. Lea didn't care and kept moving forward, knowing that she will eventually reach Valeria and defeat her. Lea made a feint to go to the right, which made Valeria move to the left, but Lea followed and managed to trap Valeria on the ropes.
"I got you." Thought Lea, who started to feel confident. Lea dodged the jabs and rushed in. At that moment, Lea started to use her specialty, which was in-fighting. To start, Lea threw a left uppercut at Valeria's body, but Valeria tried to clinch. Lea saw that and stopped her left uppercut. Then, she moved low with her arms close to her body. When the clinch failed, Lea landed a few left uppercuts to Valeria's body. Valeria realized that she was in a dangerous situation and needed to get out of the ropes. Valeria threw a right hook at Lea's head, but Lea ducked the punch and threw a left hook at Valeria's body. That time, it landed on a special spot that tended to end matches instantly, the liver. The punch made Valeria feel tremendous pain and caused her tail to wobble. Valeria was about to fall, but she prevented that by grabbing Lea in a clinch. "Dammit, let go of me, let go!" Lea desperately tried to push Valeria away, but Valeria had a good grip on Lea and the referee tried to separate them. Valeria tried to hold on to Lea as long as possible, before the referee had to threaten Valeria with taking points away from her. Eventually, Valeria let go of Lea, but it was obvious that Valeria was in pain, which surprised Lea. She was just throwing punches at Valeria's body, without knowing that one of them would eventually land on the liver. Lea didn't think too hard on it and decided to take the opportunity, knowing that she was close to winning the match. Once the referee gave the signal to keep fighting, Valeria charged in and surprised Lea with a 1-2 combo, hitting Lea in the face. That made Lea slide back and stayed stunned for a moment, which gave Valeria time to move away. Lea quickly recovered and started to chase after Valeria, but Lea started to have problems with her vision. Everything was turning blurry for Lea because of the counters and previous attacks that she received. Of course, Valeria wasn't exactly in the best condition either.
Two minutes have passed, leaving either one with a minute to finish the other boxer. Valeria noticed that Lea was having problems and decided to attack from a distance, to see whether to play it safe or to finish it off. Valeria started to throw jabs at Lea, who blocked them without a problem. Unfortunately, it was easy to see that Lea didn't move as fast as before. Lea was trying to recover from the damage done to her, but Valeria won't allow it. She moved to Lea's side and threw jabs at the side of Lea's head, which barely landed. Lea tried her best to protect herself and recover, but the jabs prevented that. Lea tried to charge in, since blocking didn't seem to work anymore, but the jabs kept her away, which forced Lea to retreat. Valeria followed and didn't stop throwing jabs. Lea started to feel pressure, not been able to rest and not been able to attack at the moment.
"What can I do? I have to think of something." Thought Lea, who was nearly panicking at her situation. Then, Lea heard someone yelling at her.
"What are you running away from? Don't move back, keep moving forward, forward! Put the pressure on her!" It turned out to be Alonso, who was yelling at Lea from her corner. Back in the audience, Lea's friends didn't like the situation that Lea was in.
"Things are getting hard for Specter, but it shouldn't be a surprise. She's fighting someone with a good record." Said Hilda, who was unsure on how the fight would end.
"Those counters must have evened out the damage, but for Valeria to withstand those punches to the body." Said Alinda, who was surprised by Valeria's determination.
"What are you guys saying? We need to cheer for Specter. Hey, keep fighting, don't let her rest!" Said Salena, who tried to cheer as best she could.
"You're right. Specter! Show her what you got!" All three of them tried their best to cheer for Lea.
"Come on, Lea, don't retreat, what was all that training for?" Salena couldn't help it, but she was starting to worry.
Lea heard everyone, and did as everyone wanted, she moved forward. Valeria kept throwing jabs and moving back, hoping to stop Lea's advance, but it didn't seem to work. Lea kept moving forward with determination, dodging and blocking the jabs. Even when a jab landed, Lea ignored the damage and kept moving forward.
"What? Why isn't she stopping? No matter, I'll just push you back until the round is over." Thought Valeria. She was focused on stopping Lea, but Valeria noticed that Lea was getting closer. "No way, am I going slower?" Valeria didn't notice, but she was starting to feel tremendous pressure from Lea.
"That's it, chica, keep moving forward, don't stop for even a second!!" Yelled Alonso, who was desperately trying to keep Lea moving, no matter what. Lea didn't hear it well, but it didn't matter because she kept moving forward. The pursuit brought results, which was trapping Valeria on the ropes.
"Shit, when did I-?!" Thought Valeria, who didn't have time to think about it because Lea used the opportunity to rush in and get into an in-fight. To start, Lea threw a left uppercut at Valeria's body, but Valeria stopped it with her right arm and threw a left hook at Lea's head. Lea ducked the punch, and stood up with a right uppercut to Valeria's chin. Valeria dodged the punch by pushing the ropes back, which made room for the punch to miss. Valeria attacked with a right uppercut to Lea's chin, but Lea parried the punch with her left arm and landed a right hook on Valeria's head, which sent Valeria to the mat. The first fall of the entire match made the public go wild because they weren't expecting such a spectacular match in a 4-round match. The referee quickly stepped between Lea and Valeria.
"Go to the neutral corner!" The referee ordered Lea, who started to head to the said corner. After that, the referee started the count.
"123." The count went on and Valeria was lying flat on the mat. She might be giving signs of been conscious, but it wasn't enough to tell if she could stand at all. Tom started to call Valeria, hoping to bring her back into the fight.
"Valeria, stand up, this isn't over yet! Remember why you're fighting, remember your grandfather!" That got a reaction out of Valeria, who started to get up.
"456."
"Tom is right, how can I lose here after coming this far? I want to make my grandfather proud, I won't lose here!" Thought Valeria with an iron will, and she did her best to get up from the mat.
"78." By the eight count, Valeria was up again and ready to fight. Lea was amazed that Valeria could get up after that hook to her head. After the referee gave the okay to continue, Lea left the corner and started to head back towards Valeria. Unfortunately, the bell ringed, announcing the end of the first round. Each fighter started to head to their respective corners, both trying to slide upright, not wanting to show any signs of damage to their opponent. Unfortunately, it was easy to see that Lea was breathing hard and Valeria seemed to be moving slowly to her corner. Their seconds got into the ring, and waited for their boxers to arrive at their corner.
In Valeria's corner, the tension was rising. Once Valeria reached her corner, she sat on her stool, and her seconds started to help her as much as they could.
"I can't believe it. That boxer of theirs is nothing ordinary, I didn't expect her to put you in this situation." Said Tom, who was starting to worry.
"I knowthose punches aren't normal, and those skills, she must have experience doing this." Said Valeria while trying to recover her breath.
"This isn't experience you gain from the streets alone. Her training should have been insane for something like this. Either way, for this round, try to keep distance from her, she seems to have more trouble keeping up with you when you move too much. Try to win by out-boxing her and the match should be yours." Tom wasn't sure if that would be enough, but with Valeria's condition, it was the best he could say.
"Tire her out and get in for a KO. I don't know about that, her punch could KO me in the next round if I'm not careful. I don't like winning by points, but I'll have to take it."
"There are always going to be risks in the boxing world, and you must be ready to face them."
"I understand. I'll win this no matter what."
"Good." Tom was glad that Valeria hadn't lost hope in the match. Things were a little different on Lea's corner.
"You did pretty well out there, but those counters are getting to you. You need to get close as fast as you can and attack without stopping. If that's not possible, hit her body and her speed should slow down to a manageable one." Said Alonso to Lea, while Fergus tried to get Lea ready for the next round. Alonso didn't like the way Lea was taking those counters, but he had faith that she would come on top.
"All right, coach." Said Lea, who focused on recovering as much as she could.
"Also, forget the feints. You can't use them properly if you can't reach your opponent. It would be better if you focus on putting pressure on her. A boxer that's panicking is easier to deal with because they don't seem to pay attention to their surroundings, got it?"
"Yeah." Lea used the rest of the interval to rest up and recover some of her lost stamina.
"I say this to the chica, but anything could happen in the boxing ring. It's like a battlefield. Anything could change the tide to either side." After Alonso thought that, the announcer told the seconds to leave the ring, but before Alonso got out of the ring, he gave one last advice to Lea. "Chica, above all else, don't let your guard down." Lea got up from her seat and put her mouth piece.
"All right." Lea waited for the bell to ring, ready to follow Alonso's plan. She didn't know if that would be the final round, but one thing was certain: One of them will fall by a KO.

Chapter 7: A Learned Joy
The referee was waiting in the middle of the ring, while both boxers were mentally preparing themselves to fight again. The referee looked at each fighter and asked if they were ready, both said that they were, and the referee allowed the match to begin. Lea did as Alonso planned, she quickly dashed past the referee and was heading straight to Valeria. Valeria was expecting that and was prepared to use a defensive stance specialized in throwing counters: the Crab. Lea was close enough to throw a right uppercut at Valeria's chin, but Valeria moved and countered with two jabs to Lea's face. Lea tried to attack with a left jab of her own, but Valeria blocked with the left shoulder and countered with a jab, hitting Lea's face again. The attack stopped Lea momentarily, while Valeria created distance, showing signs that she recovered enough to move freely. Things weren't going so well for Lea. She hadn't been able to land any clean blow on Valeria, while Lea herself was gaining damage. Alonso didn't like Valeria's new defensive stance.
"That Crab stance is extremely dangerous, especially when Valeria is using it, but there's a weakness to this defense. Chica, strike the arm that is in front of you, break the defense!" Yelled Alonso. Lea heard Alonso and did as told. She started to attack Valeria's arm by throwing jabs at it. Valeria moved around to avoid the attacks, but Lea feinted a jab and launched a right straight. The punch landed on the arm, causing it to go numb momentarily and pushing Valeria to the corner. Lea used the opportunity to charge in and threw a right hook at Valeria's body. Valeria managed to block with the left arm, but Lea didn't stop there and threw a left hook at Valeria's head. Valeria barely ducked the punch and struck Lea's body with a right uppercut. Lea managed to land a left uppercut on Valeria's body. Valeria threw a left uppercut at Lea's chin, but Lea dodged by moving back, which let Valeria escape from the corner. Lea didn't let Valeria move too far and trapped her on the ropes. Then, Lea continued with her attack of uppercuts and hooks.
Valeria's corner was getting even tenser because Valeria was unable to keep Specter away for long, and Valeria kept getting trapped.
"Come on, Valeria, you can do this. Clinch if you have to, but you have to escape from the ropes." Thought Tom. He knew that Valeria could keep her head cool, even in situations like that one, but he simply couldn't help to worry. If Tom was nervous, then Alonso would be the same because Lea had taken a good amount of damage from Valeria.
"Come on, chica, you got her on the ropes. Now, beat her down while you have the chance." Thought Alonso. He didn't know when an opportunity like that would come around, and the quicker the match ended, the less damage for Lea.
Valeria tried to fight back, but it was obvious that Lea had the upper hand when it came to in-fighting, so Valeria tried her best to escape from the ropes. Valeria waited for the perfect moment to dodge and escape from the ropes. All she had to do was to be patient and wait for a big swing. That moment came when Lea wanted to blow off Valeria's guard with a big left hook. Valeria ducked the punch, moved to the right, and escaped the ropes. Then, Valeria moved far away from Lea and went back to out-boxing. Valeria used the same Crab defense and started to throw jabs at Lea. That kept Lea on the defensive and kept her away from Valeria. Lea tried to charge in, but Valeria did anything she could to keep distance. Unfortunately, the blow to her body seemed to be taking effect. Lea kept pushing forward, blocking and avoiding as many punches as she could. Unfortunately, progress wasn't fast enough, but that wouldn't stop Lea and she kept moving forward. Valeria kept throwing jabs at Lea, but the defense was too strong for the jabs to pass through and they couldn't stop Lea. All Valeria had to defend herself was her movement in the ring. "I can't keep running away either or I'll never get anywhere." Thought Valeria, who desperately tried to think of something that would help her out. Then, it dawned on her, a way to hit Lea and avoiding getting hit. Valeria started to calm down and put her plan into action. She charged in, which made Lea start to attack again. Lea opened her guard and threw a left uppercut at Valeria's body. Valeria parried it to the right and reached Lea's chest. From there, Valeria threw small right uppercuts at Lea's body, and before Lea could retaliate, Valeria grabbed Lea in a clinch.
The referee tried to separate them, but Valeria held on for a little longer, before the referee managed to separate them. Once they were far enough, the referee gave the signal to continue the fight, and Valeria charged in again. Lea attacked with a right hook at Valeria's head, but Valeria ducked in time to dodge the punch. Then, Valeria reached Lea's chest and threw small uppercuts at Lea's body, followed by clinching. Alonso started to notice what Valeria was doing.
"Valeria seems to be trying to recover again. It seems we are close to getting a KO." Said Fergus, who was confident of their victory, but Alonso was worried.
"Not quite." Said Alonso.
"What do you mean, coach?"
"Valeria is trying to recover, that is true, but she's also trying to deal some damage to the chica as well. To avoid getting damaged, she clinches to stop Lea from attacking."
"That's going to screw up with her rhythm." Fergus started to worry at this new development.
"And damage the chica in the process. Chica! Try to keep her at arm's reach, push her to arms reach!" Lea heard the last part while been separated from Valeria.
"How am I supposed to push her? She doesn't give me the chance to do it." Thought Lea, who was looking for a way to stop Valeria from clinching again.
A minute had passed and Lea tried to attack Valeria with a left hook to her body. Valeria moved back and threw a jab at Lea's face. Even with that, Lea pressed forward, hoping to land a punch if she kept attacking. Next, Lea launched a jab at Valeria, but it was blocked by Valeria's left palm and Valeria countered with a right to Lea's face, which pushed Lea away.
"Those jabs won't work on me." Thought Valeria, who rushed in, but Lea charged in with the Peek-a-boo defense and got into an in-fight distance. Lea threw a left uppercut at Valeria's chin, but Valeria dodged the punch and clinched against Lea. Lea tried to get out of the clinch, but she noticed something. Lea was clinched while in her Peek-a-boo defense, but the left arm was clinched. However, that wasn't what called Lea's attention, it was the right arm that was inside the clinch. That was when it dawned on her, an idea to push the clinch off. Once the referee separated them and gave the okay to keep fighting, Lea charged in, with Valeria doing the same. Eventually, they get close enough to be in punching range of each other. Lea started with a left jab, but Valeria blocked the attack. Then, she countered with a right straight, but Lea ducked the punch and moved forward. "I won't let you get into your rhythm." Valeria grabbed Lea into another clinch, which Lea expected. Lea made sure to keep her left arm inside the clinch, and without wasting a second, Lea started to forcefully push Valeria away. Valeria wasn't strong enough to resist and was left with no choice but to break the clinch. Valeria was surprised and started to realize that she was in danger. Lea, without pulling back her left arm, threw a right straight, and hit Valeria square in the face.
The audience cheered right after Lea's straight landed on Valeria's face. Lea's friends were relieved that Lea landed a clean hit, especially with a right.
"Nice one! Keep going!" Cheered Salena.
"Get an arm inside the clinch and forcefully push the opponent away. It was kind of simple, but it worked." Said Alinda, who was glad that things were going well for Lea.
"It was a good punch, I won't deny that, but I hope that it's enough to bring Valeria down." Said Hilda, who was watching the match with a serious face, but hoped for the best on the inside.
Valeria was pushed back, but she refused to fall. Unfortunately, the damage couldn't be ignored. If Lea landed another good punch, it would lead to a KO loss for Valeria. When Lea noticed that, she rushed in, getting in punching range to throw a right uppercut. Valeria anticipated the attack and dodged to the left. Then, she threw a right straight at Lea's head, making Lea go down for the first time in the match. The referee stepped between them and ordered Valeria to go to a neutral corner. Then, the referee began to count for Lea.
"123" Counted the referee.
"I can't believe Valeria had enough strength to throw a counter to an uppercut, and from that distance." Said Alonso, who was baffled, from the corner.
"45"
"Chica, wake up! The fight is not over yet, you have to get up!" Yelled Alonso, which got the reaction that he wanted. Lea, slowly but surely, was rising from the mat.
"67" Lea was halfway up, all she needed to do was to stay upright and put a fighting pose. At the eight count, Lea was up, but the damage had serious effects on her. The referee could see that Lea was still conscious and able to fight again, which meant that the referee could give the okay to continue the fight. Without wasting any more time, the referee allowed the fight to continue.
"Valeria, don't rush it, keep your distance and wear her out even more!" Yelled Tom, who could see that Lea was almost out. Unfortunately, Tom noticed something dangerous. Valeria wasn't moving at all. "Could it be? Did she received so much damage from the right that she can't move?" Alonso also noticed the problem with Valeria. Not wanting to lose that opportunity, Alonso quickly yelled at Lea.
"Chica, you have to attack now! You won't get a chance like this in the next round! Attack her with everything you got!" Lea heard the coach, and started to slide towards Valeria, but Lea was going too slow. "Damn it! La chica took too much damage from the previous counter, now is a battle of who lands the last punch!" It was painfully slow for Alonso, which put him on edge. Fortunately, Lea was slowly getting closer to Valeria.
"This is bad, I barely have enough strength to move my arms, standing is already difficult for me, but I'm not giving up. I recognize you as a real boxer, Specter. I'll beat you in this last attack. I'll finish this with a counter!" Thought Valeria. She stood her ground and waited for Lea to get into punching range.
Two minutes have passed, which left more than enough time to end the match. At the pace that Lea was going, she would reach Valeria in a few seconds. The seconds felt like hours for everyone in the arena, it was so quiet that you could hear a drop of sweat. No one could take their eyes off of the match because they knew that anything could happen at any second. Although, no one noticed something strange in Lea, everyone thought that she got up without a problem. The referee didn't notice anything strange either because Lea's eyes appeared to be focused, but didn't notice that her mind was half conscious.
"I see someone in front of mein a fighting pose. Am I sparring? I hear the coachtelling me toattack with everything I have, but is difficult. My bodyfeels heavy, everything looks blurry." Thought Lea. Then, she heard a voice. It was a familiar voice, but she couldn't remember who it belong to at the moment. All Lea knew, was that it was female, and was calling her name.
"LeaLea." The voice called to Lea.
"Who's that? Why is she calling me?"
"Wake up."
"Wake up?"
"Wake up! She's right in front of you!" Yelled Alonso from the corner. He found it strange that Lea was moving like that, almost like in a trance, so he easily realized that Lea was half conscious. Valeria noticed it before Lea got into punching range.
"She hasn't fully recovered. A good punch should be enough to finish her off." Thought Valeria, who was prepared to throw a straight right at Lea's face. Lea was about to get into punching range, but she wasn't fully conscious, until Alonso tried to call for her one more time.
"Wake up! If you take this punch, you won't get up again!" That helped Lea to get back to reality.
"What was that? Was I dreaming?" Lea was moving forward without knowing, but she noticed what was waiting for her. Lea got into punching range and Valeria threw a right straight at Lea. Lea tried to move away, but she was too damaged to move quickly, and the punch was inches away from its target. Lea quickly weaved to the left, dodging the punch. Then, she moved forward, getting close to Valeria. From there, Lea landed a left hook on the most exposed area, the liver. Valeria felt pain so excruciating, that she bent forward. If that wasn't enough, Valeria's face was telling the whole story while groaning in pain. Lea didn't let that opportunity to slip from her hands and landed a right uppercut on Valeria's chin, sending Valeria's head flying back. Valeria couldn't hold herself up and fell on her back. The referee quickly stepped between them and ordered Lea to head back to a neutral corner. While Lea started to slid to the corner and the referee was about to start the count. Then, the referee looked again and noticed that Valeria's eyes were not focused. The referee waved his hand in front of Valeria's face, but there was no reaction. With that realization, there was no more to question, Valeria was knocked out. Therefore, the referee signaled the end of the match by crossing his arms over and over again. The bell ringed, signaling the end of the match, which made the audience cheer.
They were congratulating both fighters for such a fight that should be in a championship. The referee grabbed one of Lea's arms and said what any other referee would say.
"Winner: Specter." After saying that, the referee left Lea. Alonso and Fergus headed towards Lea, who was standing in the neutral corner, while Tom and his assistant headed towards Valeria to check on her.
"You did it, chica. You won your debut match. You did good." Said Alonso in relief.
"I did it? I really did? It kind of happened in a flash for me." Said Lea in disbelief.
"Why don't you look over there?" Asked Fergus, who pointed towards Valeria. She was leaving the ring with the support of her seconds.
"SoI really did it. She's really strong. I thought I would lose when I saw the punch coming at me." Said Lea.
"Yeah, but with your hard work, you managed to win against such a strong opponent. Now, let's go, you need to rest after this match." Said Alonso
"Okay." With Alonso supporting Lea, all of them started to leave the ring. Suddenly, a feeling hit her, a feeling that she never had when she started her career. "So, this is how it feels to win with hard work. It feels great." Lea left the ring with a smile on her face.
Back in the audience, Alinda and the rest were watching Lea leave the ring after such a difficult debut match.
"That was a very close fight, if she had thrown a desperate shot first, she would have been countered." Said Alinda, who had more experience with counters than the rest.
"That was great! This marks a good start for Specter!" Yelled Salena in happiness.
"That it was, but who knows if the committee will take it more easily with Lea from now on." Said Hilda, who was worried, but also, happy for Lea.
"You think they might try something like this again?" Asked Alinda in worry.
"Probably, the insult was pretty heavy, and her attitude made boxing look bad. If they don't try it in the next fight, they might try later."
"No matter, she will simply get stronger and stronger. We should help as much as we can. After all, we're her friends, right?" Said Salena, whose optimistic words lifted the mood in their group.
"You're right, she can do this, and she just proved it in this fight." Said Alinda.
"Good point there. Well, let's go and check on her." After Hilda said that, the group left their seats and headed to the locker rooms. After sliding for a while, the group reached the locker rooms. The group went in and they saw a doctor, who was a wererabbit, checking Lea's damage.
The story behind the wererabbit was that they were also called "Moon Rabbits" from Japanese and Chinese mythology. They were called that because there was the silhouette of a rabbit on the moon. Therefore, they were called Moon Rabbits because of it, but in reality, they were Wererabbits and they have always lived on Earth, along with everyone else. They have the legs of a rabbit, tail, and ears, so they could run fast and hear better than the average human.
The doctor was finishing her examination when Alinda and the rest entered the locker room.
"There doesn't seem to be anything serious, but I recommend that you to get an examination as soon as possible." Said the doctor with a professional voice.
"Okay, thank you." Said Lea, who was relieved by the news. After that, the doctor left the room and Lea's friends approached Lea.
"Hey, lass, nice fight you had out there." Said Hilda with a smile.
"Way to go, Lea!" Said Salena, who cheerfully rose a fist into the air.
"That was a good entrance into the boxing world." Said Alinda in a serene manner, but with a smile on her face.
"Thanks, everyone." Said Lea, who showed them a tired smile on her face.
"You did good today, but there will be more fights ahead of you. For now, do as the doctor said and take some days off." Ordered Alonso, who was feeling concern for Lea, but as always, he was not showing it too much.
"Yes, coach."
"Good, while you dress, we'll be waiting outside of the building, so don't take long."
"Okay, I won't." With that said, everyone left Lea alone, while she got dressed. Once she was done, Lea left the locker room and started sliding along the corridors, but met up with the person she would least expect. "V-valeria!" Valeria was also surprised to meet up with Lea.
"SpecterHey." Greeted Valeria.
"H-hey, h-how are you? Are you okay?"
"Well, besides you beating the hell out of me and throwing all the hard training I have done down the shit hole, I'm fine." Answered Valeria with sarcasm.
"O-oh, yeah, that wasstupid of me to ask." The response made Lea look shyly at the floor. After that, Valeria quickly realized what she said, and regretted it.
"No no, I'm sorry, I shouldn't have said that. Besides, I'm the one who should be apologizing for calling you a waste of time. So, I'm sorry." Valeria's awkward apology made Lea lift her gaze. Then, Lea started to wave her hands in front of her.
"N-no, it's okay, I barely won against you, and you're very strong."
"You can hold your own too, you know?" Valeria started to feel at ease with Lea, which was a little strange for Valeria.
"Uh, t-thanks."
"For someone who was insulted by the boxer that she just beat, she's pretty cool about it. I guess I misjudged her." Then, Lea realized something and smacked herself on the face.
"I totally forgot! My friends are waiting for me! I'm sorry, I have to go, hope you feel better and good luck!" Lea spoke quickly and started to slide away, hoping that her group hadn't been waiting for too long. Valeria was simply left standing in the hallway, looking at Lea leave in a hurry. By the time Lea left the hallway, Tom joined Valeria, who had enough time to see Lea leave.
"Hey, Valeria, you were talking to Specter? I can't believe I'm using that name." Said Tom, who felt silly after using Lea's ring name.
"Yeah, I just wanted to apologize for my attitude, which I did, and we're good now." Answered Valeria with a look of relief.
"That's good to hear, she doesn't sound like a bad person."
"She isn't." After Valeria said that, they started to leave the venue.
"Don't let this loss get to you. I know how-" Tom was stopped by Valeria's words.
"My grandfather lost some fights too, but he learned from them and kept going forward. Don't worry, Tom, I'm not giving up, I'm going to make my grandfather proud." That helped Tom to calm down and started to feel proud of Valeria.
"Yeah, good words, Valeria, we're going to work hard and we're going to be the winners next time."
"Exactly, now let's go, I need to rest."
"Okay, I'm tire too, you know? All of this is getting hard for my age."
"Yeah, right. You look like someone who's going to live a hundred years." With that, they both laughed out loud. After all was said and done, they kept going on their way to leave the venue.
"I don't know what Specter said to you, but it seems to have helped you deal with this lose a little easier." Tom felt thankful towards Lea, and hoped that her career was a good one.
Meanwhile, Lea finally reached the group that was waiting for her.
"Hey, Lea, you took longer than expected." Said Alinda.
"Yeah, are you okay?" Asked Salena in worry.
"I'm sorry, I just talked with someone and I got caught up." Answered Lea while pointing at the doors of the venue.
"With who?" Asked Hilda.
"With Valeria." Answered Lea, and that surprised everyone.
"Thatmust have been awkward, especially since she thought badly of you." Said Alinda.
"Actually, she wanted to apologize for it." Said Lea, and that was another big surprise for the group.
"It couldn't have been easy for her." Said Alonso, who was starting to feel a little more respect for Valeria. "Losing to the enemy after boasting, then apologizing to her face, she must have a tremendous will to do it."
"I never saw it that way."
"Well, don't think too hard on it, is simply the winner and the loser, so just let it go. Leaving that behind, here's your pay." Alonso pulled out an envelope and gave it to Lea, who opened it and looked inside. She pulled the money out, and counted $500 dollars.
"This ismine?"
"It's not that much, you should know that you once made millions in a single fight. This is just the start, if you keep winning, you will be paid more and more. Which is also more money for us, but that means that the fight will be even harder, so be ready."
"Okay."
"Good." After Alonso said that, Salena took it as her opportunity to say what she wanted to say.
"So, now that you have some extra money, why don't you buy something for yourself?"
"Like what?" Asked Lea.
"Well, you do lack a TV at your place." Alinda got suspicious of Salena after hearing that from her.
"Why would she buy a TV? Sounds like you want the TV for yourself." Said Alinda.
"Come on, Alinda, she doesn't have anything else to do in her place, it's kind of boring. You should buy something to kill time, buy a TV, or a computer." Said Salena.
"She's too busy for any of that stuff; she should use it for something more important. Besides, you have a TV at your house, why don't you watch it there?"
"Is more fun if I watch it with a friend, even more if it's at their place, don't you think? I mean, what if she has visits? They should be entertained with something."
"Well, when you put it that waybut they are expensive, the fight money would be gone really fast."
"There might be a special going on. It could be cheaper than we think." Everyone could see that Salena wasn't going to let it go. It exasperated Alinda, who didn't like when Salena started to get pushy over something that Alinda considered childish.
"Either way, it's Lea's money, she should decide what to do with it."
"Please, Lea. If you want, I could help you in finding a special." After Salena said that, Lea thought for a moment, and came to a decision.
"Well, I could use one to kill time, while I work out at least. Okay, I'll buy one. Do you know where the special is?" Asked Lea.
"I could look for one. I'll let you know tomorrow when I find anything." Said Salena in excitement.
"Okay."
"Now that it's settled, can we leave now? I'm getting hungry." Said Hilda and her stomach started to growl.
"Oh, right, sorry." Said Lea. With the conversation over, they go to their respective homes to call it a day. Once Lea was dropped to the gym, Lea went inside, slid up the stairs, and prepared to go to sleep, feeling the fatigue from the fight coming to her. When she did everything she needed to get ready to sleep, she turned off the lights, and went straight to bed. While in bed, Lea started to think about the match and her victory over Valeria. Lea understood that it was just the beginning and the money wasn't much, but it was a good start to reach her goal. "Maybe I should save this money instead of using it, but I don't make too much, so using this one payment and saving the bigger ones might be better." Lea shook her head after thinking that. "What am I thinking? I should be saving the money, but I already promised Salena that I would buy one. Maybe I could buy the cheapest one that I can find and that would be it. Yeah, I could do that, I'm using it, but am also saving as much as possible." With that decided, she went to sleep, fatigue finally taking her to dreamland.
The next day, Salena went to Lea's place and knocked on the door. Lea heard the knock, woke up from her slumber, and answered the door.
"Hey, Lea, are you awake?" Asked Salena, who didnt seem to know how to speak quietly.
"Salena? Is something wrong?" Asked Lea, who seemed to be half-asleep.
"No, why are you asking?"
"You were knocking very hard on the door, and yelling." Answered Lea while rubbing her eyes.
"Oh, sorry, it just that today is the day that you buy a new TV." Salena was excited because of it.
"I should have seen this from the always-cheerful Salena. So, where's the special?"
"Here's the address. Salena gave a piece of paper to Lea. And good luck." Salena gave a pat to Lea's shoulder, and after that, she started to descend the stairs.
"Wait, you're not coming?" That woke Lea up, who was now surprised.
"I have to train today, I have matches too, you know. I'm sure you'll have no problems finding the place, later." After giving her farewell with a smile, Salena left to train.
"I forgot that she also fights. Guess I have to go alone then." Lea got back inside to her apartment and prepared to leave to the electronic store. Before Lea left the gym, Alonso called her.
"Hey, chica, come here for a moment." Lea slid towards Alonso.
"What is it, coach?"
"I just finished getting an appointment for you at the hospital. Here's the address and the time, don't be late, you hear?" Alonso gave Lea a piece of paper with said address and time of the appointment.
"Yeah, I'll be there, thank you." After that, Lea left the gym. At that time, Lea didn't have a car of her own, therefore she had to use the buses to move around. Lea had experience riding the bus, so she had no problem reaching the place that Salena was talking about. The store was a big one, a new one in Lea's opinion. The name of the store was "Electronic Master", which sounded inspirational, but it was a simple electronic store. It was a new place in the area, since there was a big yellow sign with black letters that said "Grand Opening". To attract attention, they gave a special discount on that day. Lea went into the store, headed to the TV section, looked at the TVs, and their prices. Some were of a decent size, and because of the opening special, some of them cost around $250, so Lea had many choices. Lea saw a TV that she liked at a good price, and grabbed it. Once Lea payed the TV with cash, she left the store, and started to head to the bus stop. The TV wasn't really heavy, so Lea had no problem carrying it around. While turning to a corner, she nearly bumped into someone, but stopped quickly before that could happen.
"Excuse me." Said Lea and moved to the side.
"Sorry." Said the person. After that, they kept going on their way. Then, it came to them, which made Lea and the other person turn around to face each other. The moment they laid eyes on each other, they got the surprise of their lives.
"Julie?!" Lea took a second look to the person that she never expected to see so soon.
"Lea? Is that you?" Asked Julie, who started to take a closer look. The last time Julie saw Lea, was when they ate breakfast together, after Lea saved Julie from robbers. To Julie, Lea looked healthier and fitter than before.
"Hey, h-how are you?" Lea was nervous because she didn't know what else to say, but Julie was obviously happy to see Lea.
"It really is you, it's been so long! You looking good, but what happened to your face?" Julie saw the patches on Lea's face and started to worry.
"Oh, this? Iuhgot into awork accident. It's nothing serious."
"You sure? Do you need a ride to the hospital?"
"Don't worry about it. I don't want to bother you. Besides, I have an appointment in a few hours."
"Really? I'm glad for it." That calmed Julie, and after that, she asked with a friendly smile. "Hey, do you want to go and get breakfast with me? I haven't eaten yet." After Julie asked that, they hear a growling noise, which was coming from Lea's belly.
"Sounds like a good idea." Answered Lea with a blush of embarrassment on her face.
"Great, I know a place close by. Come on." Julie was about to start walking, until she noticed the box that Lea was carrying. "Oh, sorry, want to leave it in my car?"
"You sure? Is not that heavy."
"Yeah, come on, my car is not far." After Julie said that, they both head to Julie's car, which was a 4-door 2010 Ford Fusion. After Lea left the TV in the car, they went to get breakfast. "So, new TV?"
"Uh, yeah. I haven't added anything else to my place, except for the essentials. One of my friends suggested that I get one."
"That's cool. At least you have something to entertain you." Said Julie with a smile.
"Yeah." After that, they continued on their way to get breakfast. At first, Lea didnt notice the clothes that Julie had, but when she took a second look, Lea liked what she saw. Julie was wearing a black business skirt, black blazer, and a shirt under it. Lea thought that it was sexy, mostly because she could see that Julie had nice legs. "You look nice on those clothes." Complimented Lea while trying to hide the blush on her face.
"Thanks, but I don't like dressing up like this, it feels restrictive. I only wear this when I have some business to do. I like what you're wearing instead." Lea was wearing some cargo shorts for Lamias with a t-shirt. It was Julie's turn to look that time, but it wasn't the clothes what had Julie's attention, it was Lea's body. Julie remembered Lea looking thinner than before, but at that moment, she looked like she could take a person down with a single punch. Lea's shirt hid most of her body, but anyone could take a look at her arms, which showed that Lea had good muscles. That brought the attention of, not only men, but also women. "I have to admit it, Lea looks quite exotic." Lea noticed Julie's look and asked.
"Is something wrong?"
"Oh no, don't worry about it." It was Julie's turn to hide her blush, which was out of embarrassment for staring at Lea.
"Okay, are we close to the place?"
"Yeah, were nearly there." Just like Julie said, the restaurant that they were going into was just across the street. It was a place called "Thomas", which was a decent fast food restaurant that wasn't too expensive. They both enter the restaurant and head to the register to give their orders to a Weremouse.
They were originally called Wererats because they were mostly found in damp, dark places. However, once they started to reveal themselves more and more, it was realized that they were called Weremouse and they considered the other name very offensive. They look very human, except for the obvious large round ears on their heads and the mouse tail, but otherwise, they looked very human.
Lea and Julie gave their orders. Lea wanted some pancakes with ham, bacon, and sausage links. As for a drink, Lea ordered milk. Julie wanted a sandwich and coffee. Once their orders were taken, a question popped into their heads, and started to wonder on who was going to pay. Julie didnt have a problem paying, so she started to take her wallet out, but Lea stopped her.
"I can pay for you." Offered Lea while looking for her money.
"It's okay, Lea, I'll do it." Said Julie, who took her wallet out.
"Let me, is the least I can do after what you did for me."
"That's because you saved me before. Besides, I invited you, so that means that I pay." It was starting to turn into an argument, and the cashier joined in to get it over with.
"She got a point there." Said the cashier. Lea put her hands in her pockets and looked down.
"Fine." Said Lea. With that over, Julie payed for the breakfast and they went to take their seats. Lea kept feeling bad about Julie paying for the meal.
"Does it really bother you? I really don't mind, you know?" Said Julie, who was trying to cheer Lea up.
"No no, it's justI don't want you to think that I'm taking advantage of you."
"I know you're not."
"How?"
"To be honestI really don't know. I just feel likeyou wouldn't do it, and you look like someone who wouldn't do it." Those words made Lea blush. "Sohow have you been? What happened to you after you left?"
"Well, Ilooked for work. I asked so many people, that I lost count. Then, I found this place that's a gym and they gave me a job. They were even kind enough to give me a place to stay." Answered Lea, who was nervous. She couldn't tell Julie that Lea joined the gym and became a boxer to pay Julie's debt because she knew that Julie hated violence, and it would most definitely include boxing.
"They sound like great people, especially after they gave you a place to stay."
"Yeah, they really are. What about you? Is everything going well for you?"
"Yup, nothing to worry about."
"Really?"
"Yeah, everything is going well. I justmissed you." Julie started to feel awkward after saying that.
"Sorry." Lea started to feel bad about it.
"No need to apologize, we're here now." By the time Julie finished saying that, their breakfast was ready and Lea left their table to get their food.
"I wonder if she's saying that so that I wouldn't worry about it. Then again, she doesn't look distressed or nervous. Maybe it's not as bad as I thought, but I get the feeling that she's hiding something. If that's the case, I'll keep fighting, just to be on the safe side." After Lea thought that, she decided to drop the subject for the moment. Once Lea got the food, she took it to their table and started eating.
"You know, you could visit anytime that you want, the doors are always open for you." Said Julie with a small smile.
"Oh, yeah, I will." Answered Lea, even though she didn't know if she could.
"So, what kind of gym is it?" Julie gave her full attention to Lea.
"Oh, is actually a medium-sized gym. You know, with the weights and all that stuff." Lea tried to look calm, but she was nervous on the inside.
"So, is business going well?"
"Yeah, we have a good amount of members, who come at different times."
"What do you do in it?"
"I'm basically the janitor. I clean, open, and close the place. Sometimes I help other members with their exercises when I have the time."
"Does it pay well?"
"Don't worry. I get enough to get by. Besides, I don't have anything to spend it on, except food or other important stuff."
"That's great. They might give you a raise someday."
"Yeah. Oh, how are Lucy and Nick?"
"They are healthy as always. Lucy likes to joke as always and Nick is working like always. They actually remember you."
"Really? They seemed like good people."
"Yeah, they would like you to come visit me. They like it when I have friends around my age."
"Isn't there anyone else young in there?"
"There are, but I'm pretty much busy maintaining the place. Today is actually one of my free days, but as you can see, I had something to deal with. Fortunately, I dealt with it pretty quickly. I might take some more days off." Julie started to feel silly, especially since she barely took them and most likely wont take them.
"That's good." After Lea said that, they simply kept small talk and continued eating their breakfast. "It's just like before, it feels nice to eat with her. Maybe because she's my friend, but why does it feel different than with the others?" Lea didnt have the answer to that question, so she decided to let it go. Before they finished, Julie decided to call the house and let them know that she would be late. Once they were done, they headed to the car and Julie drove them to the hospital, which wasn't too far. Once they arrived to the building, Lea went to the reception desk and asked the Werecat nurse about Lea's appointment.
Werecats were believed to be mages or humans with the ability to turn into a cat. Others thought that they could turn into half-human and half-cats, which wasn't the case. It was almost like the Werewolf story, in which they were believed to transform in the full moon. In ancient times, they were prosecuted and turned to slaves. So, they came out at night, when no one was around and they used the full moon's light to look around. They had cat ears on top of their heads, tail, eyes that glow in the dark, able to look in the dark, good flexibility, and agility. In modern times, they are treated as normal citizens. Some people, both human and inter-species people, consider them cute.
The receptionist confirmed the appointment and told Lea to take a seat, which she did. Julie took a seat besides Lea and decided to grab a magazine close by. Fortunately, it was the type that Julie liked, while Lea simply waited patiently. It didn't take long for Lea's name to be called, and before Lea could slid to the doctor, Julie asked.
"Want me to come with you?"
"No no, it's okay, I can go. I don't think it will take long." Said Lea, who was happy to know that Julie was the same helpful person that Lea remembered.
"Okay, I'll be here if you need me." After Julie said that, Lea went to the elf doctor, who started Lea's examination. It was mostly to check for any brain damage, since Lea was knocked down in the previous fight, and to see any other damage to her body. It didn't take long, and the doctor said that Lea had nothing to worry about, but recommended that she rest properly. The doctor said that the readings will be sent to the gym and she was free to go. Lea gave her thanks and left the room. Once Julie saw Lea, Julie got up and asked.
"How did it go?" Lea didn't seem to be worried, so Julie guessed that everything was alright.
"I have nothing serious, but the doctor said that I should rest properly." Answered Lea.
"That's great to hear, need to go somewhere else?" Asked Julie with her usual smile.
"Nope, I want to go home to rest."
"Okay, let's go." They left the hospital and got on Julie's car. Julie drove them away and asked Lea for directions of the gym she was staying in. It turned out to be on the same city where Julie lived, and it wasn't that far. They arrived at the gym that Lea talked about. 
"Well, we're here." It was all Lea said, not knowing what to say at moments like that one.
"Yeah." Answered Julie and they went silent for a moment. "It looks nice, and it seems to have members."
"Yeah, it really does." Silence again. "Well, thanks for the ride."
"No problem." Lea got out of the car, went to the back seat to grab her TV, and went to Julie's window. "Well, see you another time?"
"Yeah. Oh, do you have a phone?"
"Well, it's mostly the gym's phone, so I can give you that one."
"Oh, okay." Julie pulled out her cellphone and Lea gave the number. Once Julie was done putting the phone number in her contacts, she put her phone away, and it got quiet again.
"Well, see you next time."
"See you." Lea started to slide away slowly and Julie slowly started to put the key in the ignition, until Lea stopped and turned around.
"Say"
"Yeah?" Julie put the key away from the ignition.
"Would you like tocome in? Since I'm free and you're free, I thought thatI could show you my place." Lea was nervous about asking that, but she thought that it would be rude if she didn't invite Julie in. Julie smiled because of the invitation and said.
"I would love that." Julie got out of the car, put the alarm, and headed to the gym with Lea, who started to realize that it might be a bad idea.
"Oh no, no one knows that Julie is coming, and if they see us, they might reveal that I'm boxing." Lea believed that Julie might not want to talk to her if Julie found out about it, so Lea was praying to whatever power there was that those three were out. Fortunately, once they got inside, Lea did not find any sign of them, which made her give a sigh of relief, but it might have been short lived.
"Wait, this is a boxing gym, why didn't you tell me it was a boxing gym?" Julie was displeased by what she was seeing.
"Ohwell, I-" Lea was starting to panic, trying to find words that would calm Julie.
"Now that I think about it, your face was injured, does that mean that?" It was obvious that Julie was starting to get angry, and Lea started to panic even more at the sound of that.
"No no, I can explain."
"Someone in here hurt you, right?"
"Iwhat?"
"Someone did that to you, right? Who was it?!" Julie started to look for the one responsible, even though she didn't know who it was.
"Oh, no no, it was an accident while I was cleaning, just an accident." Answered Lea, which seemed to calm Julie.
"You sure? I don't have a problem to give whoever did this to you a piece of my mind, you know?"
"I know, it's okay, it was a work accident."
"Okay, sorry if I startled you. I just don't want you to get hurt." Julie gave a smile to Lea and started to feel embarrassed about going off like that.
"Don't worry about it, let's go to my room." Lea responded and returned Julie's smile with one of her own.
"Okay." With that said, they both moved through the gym and went upstairs. Lea opened the door to her apartment and let Julie in. Julie looked around the whole space.
"It looks nice, and it has space to move around."
"Yeah, I'm going to put the TV while you get comfortable."
"All right." Julie looked around and found out that Lea didn't have sofas or anything to sit on, except for the chairs in the kitchen. Lea noticed Julie looking around and said.
"Sorry, I forgot I don't have a lot of furniture, let me pull out the bed." Lea went to a wall, pulled its handle, and the bed came out of the wall.
"That's kind of awesome."
"Thanks." Julie sat on the bed and Lea went back to put the TV. Once the TV was set, Lea turned the TV, and put a TV show. The TV had good signal because of the built-in antenna, but Lea didn't care about it too much. Once it was set up, Lea turned towards  Julie, and saw her lying on the bed, which was cute in Lea's opinion. "Comfortable?"
"Yup." After Julie said that, someone started to knock on the door.
"I'll be right back." Lea went to the door and opened it. She saw the group that she was hoping would come back later.
"Hey, Lea, you got the TV? Can we see it?" Said Salena, who was eager to see it.
"I can't believe you dragged her me just to see the TV." Said Alinda, who was a little annoyed by it, but happy.
"If my memory doesn't fail me, you agreed to come very quickly." Said Hilda, who found it funny.
"T-that's because she was been persistent!" Answered Alinda while trying to look irritated.
"Its fine, it's fine. So, Lea, can we-" Before Salena finished the question, Lea closed the door in their faces.
"What happened?" Asked Alinda.
"I don't know." Answered Salena. At the other side of the door, Lea was standing in front of the door and Julie saw what happened.
"Is something wrong?" Asked Julie.
"Huh? Oh, uh, no, nothing, I simply remembered something that I have to do in the gym, I'll be right back." Said Lea, who was hiding something, but Julie didn't notice.
"Oh, okay." After Julie said that, Lea got out of the apartment, and met with the group.
"Hey, Lea, is something-" Said Salena, but she wasn't allowed to finish because Lea started to push everyone.
"Downstairs." Said Lea. They obeyed and started to go down to the gym. Once they were in the gym, Alinda asked what everyone wanted to know.
"What's going on?"
"Yeah, what gives?" Asked Salena, who was bothered because she couldn't see the TV.
"I'm really sorry. I'll explain later, just promise me something." Said Lea while looking upstairs, hoping that Julie stayed in the apartment.
"Well, what is it, lass?" Asked Hilda.
"I have a friend upstairs that doesn't like violence, so don't tell her I'm a boxer, please?" Begged Lea while putting her hands together.
"Uh, okay?" Said Salena while shrugging. Everyone else agreed with Salena.
"Thanks, you can come up now." Lea slid up the stairs, and the others follow behind her. Once they got into Lea's apartment, Julie looked at the group and sat up, while Salena saw the TV.
"Sweet! Nice choice, Lea." Salena went to the TV, without noticing the person on the bed. Hilda and Alinda did notice her.
"Hey, Lea, is she a friend of yours?" Asked Alinda, which made Salena look at Alinda.
"Friend?" Salena looked behind her and saw Julie. "Oh, hey there, sorry I didn't notice you."
"Oh no, it's okay." Said Julie while waving a hand.
"Julie, these are Alinda, Hilda, and Salena. Everyone, this is Julie." Lea introduced them while pointing at each one.
"Nice to meet you." Greeted Julie while extending her hand with a smile.
"Nice to meet you too." Said Alinda, who accepted Julie's hand and returned the smile with one of her own.
"A pleasure to meet you, lass." Said Hilda, who also shook Julie's hand, while making sure not to grip it too hard.
"It's always great to meet new friends." Said Salena and shook the hand more vigorously than the rest. "Oh, let's watch some TV." Salena sat in front of the TV rather quickly in everyone's opinion.
"Anyways, how long have you known Lea?" Asked Alinda.
"It's been a couple of months, what about you?" Asked Julie.
"Same here, she's easy to like, even though she can be a bit quiet." The both of them looked at Lea.
"I'm not that quiet." Said Lea while looking at the floor.
"Wait, now that I think about it, are the three of you boxers?" Asked Julie.
"Yup." Answered Salena while watching the TV.
"Same here." Answered Alinda, who was hoping that it wasn't a bad idea.
"Me too." Answered Hilda, who didn't see the point of hiding it.
"Oh, okay." Said Julie, and they can feel that she didn't like that.
"You don't like boxers?" Asked Alinda.
"I just don't like violence." They can tell that it was something more deep, but they didn't want her to be uncomfortable, so they tried to drop the subject.
"Well, while we're not fighting, you don't have to think of us as boxers, think of us as something else." Suggested Hilda.
"I could try that." Said Julie, who truly wanted to get along with them.
"Great, now let's watch some TV." Suggested Salena without taking her eyes away from the TV. Everyone just looked at Salena.
"I think she likes it, a lot." Said Hilda, who never expected to see something that would keep Salena still.
"More like hypnotized." Said Lea.
"This is why I think it was a bad idea." Said Alinda, who expected that to happen. And so, they spent some time together, getting to know each other. Of course, excluding the part of them been boxers, which Julie never brought it up and neither did Lea's group of friends. It was hard to dislike Julie because she was such a friendly person. Nothing serious went on and they called it a day around sunset. Lea went with Julie to her car.
"I'm sorry, Lea. Said Julie and it caught Lea by surprise.
For what? Asked Lea.
I know that they're your friends, and I'm really glad for that. It's just thatI don't feel comfortable around them. Julie looked ashamed after saying that.
It's because of the boxing thing, right? Julie responded with a nod. They're not bad people.
I know, but why did they chose boxing? It's such an awful sport, how can they be good people if they don't mind hurting others?
Well, there are rules, it's not like they can beat someone to death.
It doesn't change the fact that they hurt people and get paid for that. After Julie said that, Lea realized that Julie won't change her mind, not matter what Lea said.
Please, don't think too badly of them. Julie didn't said anything for a while, but then, she said.
I'll try.
That's good enough for me. After Lea said that, Julie gave a smile and got into her car. After starting the car, Julie lowered the window from the co-pilot's side and said. I'll try to pay another visit.
Anytime. Lea knew that Julie was lying.
"All right, see you then."
"Sure, take care." After that, Julie drove off. Once she was gone, Lea's friends came out of the gym, and Lea slid towards them.
"You know, she seemed like a good person. Why don't you tell her that you're a boxer too?" Asked Alinda.
"I don't think she would like me much if she found out I was a boxer." Answered Lea.
"Well, you said you would explain everything, so why don't you start now?" Asked Hilda. After Hilda said that, they all went back to Lea's apartment and Lea started to explain about why she started boxing again, how she met Julie, and the problem that Julie's group house was facing.
"Whoa, that's kind of cool. You sound like a hero already. Don't worry, Lea, I'll help you in any way I can." Said Salena.
"Me too." Said Alinda.
"We all will." Said Hilda.
"Thanks, everyone. I just hope they can hold on until then." Thought Lea, who got the feeling that Julie wasn't doing as good as she was trying to imply.

Chapter 8: Improvement.
Two weeks have passed since Lea's last match, and she was able to get back in the ring anytime, but she needed opponents first. Julie never tried to pay a visit, using the excuse that she had a lot to do. It would have been a problem for Lea if Julie came to the gym too often, so Lea didn't mind. As usual, Lea was working in the gym, cleaning the floor, until Alonso called for her.
"Oye, chica, stop what you're doing and get your gloves on."
"But, I haven't finished cleaning yet, can it wait?" Asked Lea.
"Nope." After that blunt response, Alonso went to get his mitts.
"Well, I guess I'll finish this later." Lea left what she was doing and put her gloves on. Then, Lea started to warm up, which she always did before starting any type of training. Once she was done, Lea headed to the ring, where Alonso was already waiting with the mitts. When Lea finally got into the ring, Alonso started to explain what they would be doing for the day.
"As you know, you did good in your debut match."
"Oh yeah, thanks, coach." Lea felt happy under such praises.
"You did good in winning, but you still got a long way to go."
"Wait, really? Was it that bad?" Lea started to worry about it.
"Yup, which is why, we are going to be working on your blocking, swaying, bobbing, combination, anything that an in-fighter needs. Now, get ready." Alonso put the mitts up.
"Okay." Lea rose her arms and put them in the Peek-a-boo stance. Alonso started to give Lea some drills, in which Lea would throw jabs at the mitts and Alonso would come with a strike of his own. In one of those drills, Lea dropped the guard and started to punch like normal, but she was hit in the face easily.
"Hey hey hey, you're dropping the defense already. Keep it up at all times."
"Yeah, sorry." Lea kept doing the drills, throwing jabs, straights, uppercuts, all the punches that she knew. They kept going for hours, until Alonso decided to stop for a break.
"We'll stop here so you can rest." After Alonso said that, Lea sat on the mat.
"Okay." Answered Lea while trying to catch her breath.
"By the way, I heard you had a visitor when I wasn't around. Who was it?"
"Wait, how do you know about it?"
"I just heard people talking about it. Word tends to go around here. So, who is this mysterious person that I just heard of?" Alonso opened one of his eyes as wide as he could, as if his eye would be accusing Lea of a crime.
"No no, she's just a friend I know, that's all." Lea was a little intimidated under his eye.
"That's it? Just a friend? Well, that's good for you, the only friends you seem to have is the usual trio." Alonso looked at the said trio.
"Thanks."
"I should meet her someday." Alonso wanted to make sure that Lea's new friend was a good person.
"Well, the thing is, she doesn't know I'm a boxer. She doesn't like violence, even in sports, so we don't talk about it, or mention it."
"So, you're hiding it from her? Don't you think it would be best if you tell her-" Then, Alonso came to a realization. "Is she the reason that made you get back into boxing?" Not finding any point in hiding it, Lea decided to admit it.
"Yeah, she is."
"Well, I don't need some long explanation about why and how. As long as you're willing to fight in the ring, that's all that matters to me."
"Thanks, coach."
"Well, enough chit chat, time to get back to your training."
"Yes, coach." Lea got up from the mat and started to go through the drills again. At the end of the day, Lea trained until it was time to close the gym. Before Lea started to do it, she saw Salena and Alinda in a conversation, but it was too far to hear, but it seemed something personal. Then, Salena noticed Lea looking their way and called her.
"Hey, Lea, come here for a sec." Lea went to them as asked, wondering what was going on.
"Hey, sorry about that, I just saw the two of you and-" Said Lea, who tried to apologize for meddling, but she was interrupted.
"It's okay, I was about to tell you too, but Alinda and I started to talk." Salena was been mysteriously serious, even if she had a smile on her face.
"About what?"
"Well, you were too busy to have been told about it, but I'm going to have a match tomorrow."
"Whoa, really? Is it a tough opponent?"
"They're all tough. I'm an 8-rounder after all."
"I'm sure you'll win, you were pretty strong when we fought."
"I know I'm strong, but Alinda is really worried about me." Salena pointed at Alinda with her thumb.
"Well, I'm sorry for worrying about you." Said Alinda, who turned her face away from them to avoid showing her worries. Salena smiled at the reaction and got closer to Alinda. Alinda notice Salena's approach and turned her head towards Salena. When Salena was close enough, she grabbed the back of Alinda's head, and touched her forehead with her own. The gesture surprised Lea, but Alinda was the most surprised, and quickly tried to compose herself.
"Thanks for worrying about me." Salena's words seem to have been pleasant for Alinda because she blushed, close to making her whole face red.
"N-no problem." Said Alinda in a voice so small, that only Salena heard it. After hearing that, Salena let go of Alinda and headed to the door. "I don't know if you're just teasing me or your head is really as hard as rocks."
"Well, got to go, I need to sleep for tomorrow. Later, everyone, see you at the match." Salena talked with her usual cheerfulness.
"Bye, Salena." After Lea gave her farewells, Salena left to get her sleep. Alinda was standing in the same spot, and Lea wondered if there was something wrong. "Hey, Alinda, are you okay?" That brought a reaction from Alinda, who looked at Lea.
"Huh? Yeah, I'm okay, nothing's wrong." Said Alinda, who was composed and serene, just like she wanted to be.
"You two are really close, aren't you?" Asked Lea with a smile.
"Yeah, we practically joined the gym at the same time." Alinda could still remember that day, which made her smile.
"That must be nice."
"Yeah." After that, they just stood there in silence. Alinda noticed that Lea was just standing there, and smiling at Alinda, which was strange for her. "That's it? She doesn't notice anything else? I wasn't expecting someone as hard headed as Salena. Well, I better go, so you can close the place."
"Okay, have a good night." Lea gave a small wave.
"Good night." Alinda said her farewells and left the gym. Lea closed the door and put the equipment away.
"I hope I can go and see her match. I'm sure she'll win." After everything was set, Lea went to her apartment and called it a night.
The next morning, Lea opened the gym as usual and started to get everything ready for the members and the trainers. During the morning, Lea kept working, but noticed that Alonso wasn't present, which made Lea remember that Salena was having a match in that day. Later in the day, Alonso arrived at the gym with Salena.
"How did it go at the weigh-in?" Eagerly asked Lea.
"No problems, everything is good and she's ready to fight." Answered Alonso while trying to look serious, but his voice sounded glad for it.
"Yeah, can't wait for it." Said Salena after throwing some combinations in the air.
"I wish I could go and see it." Said Lea.
"You are going. We'll go cheer for Salena." Said Alinda from behind, which made everyone look at her.
"Yeah!" Lea was happy to know that she could go and see it.
"Well, the match isn't until this evening, so you have time to keep working. Tomorrow, you'll go back to training, since we got a match for you in a month, and Alinda, you have a match in a month as well, so don't forget about it, got it?" Said Alonso.
"Yes, coach." Said Lea, who was ready at anytime.
"Of course." Answered Alinda in a regal manner. Everyone went back to their duties after the announcement. That night, they all went to the venue where the match would take place, which was the same place that Lea fought Valeria. Before the match started, they went to the locker room, where Salena was waiting for her call. Lea, Alinda, and Hilda went to wish Salena good luck and left as soon as she was called. Lea and the rest of the group were waiting in their seats.
"I hope Salena isn't very nervous about her match." Said Lea.
"I don't think she's going to be nervous very soon." Hilda said to Lea with a playful smile.
"What do you mean?"
"You'll see. Besides, there's something interesting to look at in Salena's matches." After Hilda said that, she looked at Alinda.
"I have no idea what you're talking about." Said Alinda, who turned her chin up and her face away.
"Oh come on, lass, you should be more honest about it."
"I already told you, I have no idea what you're talking about." Lea didn't understand what they were talking about, so she waited for whatever Hilda was talking about. Both boxers came out through the doors, and then, a group in the audience started to cheer as if they saw a famous celebrity. Lea looked at the cheering group and notice that most of them were girls of different species.
"H-hey, Hilda, what's with that group over there?" Asked Lea in surprise.
"That's Salena's fan club. She's considered the prince of the boxing ring because of her attitude and looks. Fortunately, they don't go chasing her all the way to the gym." Hilda explained to Lea, still with that playful smile.
"That's amazing." While Lea was looking at the said group, Hilda tapped Lea's shoulder and pointed towards Alinda. When Lea took a look, she noticed that Alinda was in a really bad mood.
"Sometimes, this little lass is just too much." Hilda was trying to hold a laugh, and looked back at the upcoming match, while Lea started to think about Alinda's strange attitude.
"I wonder why she's so bothered. Is it because of the fans? What does that have to do with her?" Once Salena got in the ring, she listened to Alonso's advice and waited for the bell. The bell ringed and the match started, with Salena moving forward, just like her opponent, and starting an in-fight. Salena was the better in-fighter, attacking the body's weak points, which made her opponent lose air and started to slow down. In the second round, Salena attacked the head, knocking the opponent out and giving her a KO victory. After the match, everyone was outside of the building.
"I told you everything would be alright." Salena, who was feeling proud, said to Alinda.
"Yes yes, congratulations, you told me that dozens of times already." Said Alinda, who was starting to regret worrying about Salena.
"That was a good comeback, now go and take the rest that you need." Alonso ordered Salena, mostly out of concern.
"Comeback? From what?" Asked Lea.
"Well, comeback is when a boxer gets back into the ring after losing a match." Answered Hilda.
"SoSalena lost once?" That was surprising news for Lea.
"Yeah, I lost by KO, which was kind of bad. Ever since then, Alinda seems to be more worried about me every time I get into the ring, even though the doctors said that I had nothing wrong in my head." Answered Salena, who didn't let that memory bring down her cheerful mood.
"Well, the two of you started boxing around the same time, so you must be very close to each other." Said Lea, who left Hilda in disbelief.
"Wait, is she for real? Did she get hit too much in her last match? Didn't she saw the face of Alinda after hearing the fan club?" Thought Hilda, who couldn't believe that Lea was as dense as Salena, but found it funny.
"Well, enough about that, you guys need to rest, so go home already." Said Alonso, who didn't want to hear any kind of argument, especially from Alinda and Hilda. After that, everyone went to their respective homes and called it a night.
The next day, Lea was training in the gym again. Once afternoon arrived, Alonso called for her to continue their training on improving Lea's skills as an in-fighter. That time, they were working on improving head movement so that Lea could avoid attacks to her head. Alonso was throwing slow punches for Lea to dodge with her head, so that she could get the feeling of the movement. Then, they would go through drills, in which she would strike with combinations. Then, Alonso would throw strikes at her, which she would dodge and counter to any available area, either in the body or head.
"Come on, chica, go faster, faster!" Ordered Alonso, who made Lea dodge even faster than before, which made Lea spend more stamina than before, but she did her best to keep going without rest. Eventually, Alonso stopped the drill and let Lea rest for a moment. "We need to work up your stamina. So, after you rest for a minute, you can go do your roadwork. Don't forget your weighted vest." After that, Alonso left to help Alinda with her training.
"No problem." Said Lea. After she finished catching her breath, she got the vest and went to do her roadwork. After Lea was gone, Alfred talked to Alonso.
"Don't you think you're going a little too far with her training? I thought she would pass out from the training." Said Alfred.
"It may look that way, but she will need this if she wants to become a world champion again. Lately, I have been noticing a large amount of tougher opponents. Besides, she won't quit even with this kind of training." Answered Alonso
"What makes you so sure about it?"
"I just have a feeling that no matter how hard it gets, she's just going to keep moving forward."
"I hope you're right." After Alfred said that, he headed to the office and left Alonso with Alinda. After Lea returned from her roadwork, she was given a minute to rest, and after that, she went back to training. Alonso and Lea kept doing the drills over and over for hours, until it was time to close the gym again. That time, Lea wasn't the one closing the gym. It was Alfred and Alonso, which was strange for Lea.
"Why are you guys closing? I can do it, you guys can go home." Said Lea.
"Don't worry, Lea, you just go and rest up, you have another day of training tomorrow." Said Alfred with a friendly smile.
"It's okay. I have enough energy to close the gym."
"We got this, chica. Once you're done with your match the next month, you'll go back to closing the gym." Said Alonso, and his voice was telling Lea that there was no space for argument. Seeing no way to change their minds, Lea simply decided to give up.
"Okay, sorry for the trouble." Said Lea started, and after that, she went to her apartment. When Alfred made sure that Lea was gone, he said to Alonso.
"You can be a kind man sometimes." Alfred was actually smiling, but hid it away from Alonso.
"What are you talking about? I got to worry about my boxer's well being too, as a trainer." Answered Alonso.
"Okay okay." They finished closing the place, while Lea went to sleep. A week had passed since Lea started doing that type of training and everything was going according to plan, until Lea got called by Alfred.
"Hey, Lea, you got a phone call." Alfred informed Lea with the phone in his hand. Lea was working with Alonso in the ring, but stopped when she was called.
"I have a phone call? Who is it?" Asked Lea. She had been called by her friends before because there have been times when they forgot something. They would call her to check for the forgotten item, and when she found it, she would keep it until they returned for it.
"Her name is Julie." After Alfred said that, Lea quickly left the ring and grabbed the phone, surprising both Alonso and Alfred.
"H-hello?" Lea quickly spoke.
"Hey, Lea, how are you?" Greeted Julie from the other side of the phone, her happiness could be heard in her voice.
"I-I'm good, very good, what about you?"
"Bored with work, I have been doing nothing more than work here." Lea could hear Julie's boredom on the phone.
"Why don't you take a break?"
"Well, that's exactly why I'm calling you. I was wondering if you were busy tomorrow."
"Um, I was given tomorrow off, so I'm free."
"Great, would you like to go somewhere with me? It would be more fun with you around."
"O-of course, yeah, I would like that." Lea answered happily.
"Great, I'll pick you up tomorrow at 12. Is that okay?"
"Yeah, no problem."
"Okay, see you then."
"Bye, Julie." Then, they both hang up the phone. Without noticing, there was a crowd close to the door of the office, which was made up of Alonso, Alfred, Salena, Alinda, and Hilda. Eventually, Lea noticed their presence and was surprised by the sight. "W-what are you guys doing there?"
"Hey, I thought she was your friend, not your girlfriend." Teased Hilda with a smile on her face.
"We're just friends, we're just going to hang out and that's it." Said Lea.
"With a girl that you seem to like." Said Alinda, who loved romantic stuff like that one.
"Of course I like her. She's my friend." Said Lea.
"But going out, just the two of you, with no one else. No matter how you look at it, it sounds like a date." Said Salena, who was happy for Lea.
"It's not a date." Argued Lea.
"Come on, everyone, it's Lea's business and she needs to go back to training. You too Alinda, you have a match at the same time as Lea, remember?" Said Alonso, who was trying to end the silly moment, while reprimanding himself mentally for letting his curiosity get the best of him.
"Okay, coach." Said Alinda, but before she started to leave, she tried to give advice to Lea. "You should dress properly, just in case."
"It's not a date!" After Lea yelled that, they all went back to what they were doing. The next day, Lea was waiting outside of the gym a few minutes earlier than Julie said. Lea wasn't wearing anything flashy. She was wearing jeans and a t-shirt. After a few minutes of waiting, Julie arrived in her car.
"Hey, Lea, were you waiting too long?" Asked Julie with the usual smile that Lea always remembered.
"No, it's okay." Answered Lea with a smile of her own.
"Awesome, get in." Lea got into the car and they drove off. Lea took a look at Julie, who was wearing knee-length shorts with a shirt. Lea didn't notice, but there was a small crowd looking through the gym's window.
"There they go." Said Salena, who wondered where they would go to eat.
"Yup." Said Hilda, who was happy for Lea, despite the previous teasing.
"This could be good. They might grow closer this way." Said Alinda, who started to imagine the romantic date that they would have.
"That's good and all, but you're forgetting something." Said someone from behind them.
"What's that?" Asked Salena as she turned around, only to be surprised by the sight of Alonso.
"You're supposed to be training!" Yelled Alonso with an annoyed face.
Julie drove to a nearby park, which was pretty big. It had good picnic spots, walkways, and open field. It also had nearby restaurants for take-out.
"Okay, we're here." Julie informed Lea, who was a little confused.
"The park?" Asked Lea.
"Yup, it's a nice day, so I thought that the park would be a good place for a day like this."
"Sounds relaxing."
"It really is, let's go." They both got out of the car and headed into the park. They simply start going through the park, enjoying the view and the calmness of the park.
"So, do you come to the park on your free time?" Asked Lea.
"This is actually my first time coming to one. I'm usually working all day or stay at home." Answered Julie.
"What made you rest today?"
"Lucy and Nick, they said something about me working too hard." The answer almost made Lea laugh, but happy that they worry about Julie's well-being.
"You do seem to work a lot."
"Look who's talking, I never get a call from you." Said Julie as she lightly slapped Lea's shoulder.
"Sorry." Lea knew that Julie wasn't really mad about it, but Lea did felt a little bad about it.
"It's okay, we're both busy." Julie wished that it was different.
"Well, compared to you, not as much."
"Come on, your job is more physical than mine, I simply work in my office. Anyways, let's just forget about work for now, and enjoy the day." Julie spread her arms, enjoying how peaceful the park was.
"Yeah." Lea agreed wholeheartedly.
"Now that I think about it, have you gone to a park before?"
"As a kid, and when I didn't have a job."
"Really? You liked sliding in the park?"
"Well, I played as a kid, but I used to sleep in the park." Answered Lea while rubbing the back of her head, feeling a little embarrassed after saying that.
"Wouldn't that get you in trouble?" Julie couldn't imagine Lea sleeping in the park without been found out.
"Not if I sleep on the top of a tree."
"You slept on the top of a tree?" Julie was amazed.
"Yeah, is actually easy for us to climb trees, so I climb close to the top and sleep on a branch or something that could actually hold me." Then, an idea came to Lea. "Hey, want me to take you to the top of one?" Lea believed that Julie would like doing that.
"When you say top, you mean the top of a tree, right?"
"Yeah, what do you think?"
"Are you sure about that? What if a branch breaks?"
"Don't worry, I'll be careful." Lea tried to assure Julie, which actually worked.
"Um, okay."
"Great, come with me." Lea grabbed Julie by the hand and they went to a nearby tree.
"So, how are you going to climb this tree?"
"Oh, is actually simple, let's just grab here first." Lea grabbed the trunk of the tree with her tail. "Put your arms around my neck and hold tight." Julie did as she was told, and once she was secure, Lea started to climb the tree. Sometimes, Lea would grab a branch with her hands, and other times, she simply used her tail to find the irregularities on the tree trunk to climb up. Julie held on as told and she was amazed at what Lea was doing. Julie's house held different types of inter-species people, but Julie had never seen a Lamia climb a tree in that way. Then, Julie noticed something else. While grabbing Lea's neck and touching Lea's body with her own, Julie realized that Lea's muscles were hard and strong. That's even more noticeable by how easy it was for Lea to carry Julie.
"She's amazing." Thought Julie while Lea was thinking about something else.
"Oh my god, I have never notice this before, but her skin is so soft, and she smells so nice. To top it off, her chest is pressing on my back." After those thoughts crossed Lea's mind, she shook them away and focused on climbing. She was already getting close to the top, so any type of fall could be dangerous. It didn't take long for Lea to reach the top of the tree. From the top of the tree, they could see the large park and cities from afar.
"This is a great view." Said Julie with wonder in her voice.
"Glad you like it." Said Lea with a smile.
"Did you do this often?"
"Only when I had to sleep on a tree."
"Good thing you don't have to do that anymore."
"Yup." They stay quiet after that, enjoying the view from the top of the tree. After a few minutes, they decided to climb back down. After they get off the tree, they keep going through the park. Then, they decided to rest under the shade of a tree in a secluded area, sitting side by side.
"Coming to the park was a great idea. I should come here more often." Said Julie.
"I'm sure you would enjoy it." Said Lea.
"Even more if you're with me." Julie looked at Lea and gave her a smile.
"Me?" Lea looked back at Julie.
"Yeah, everything seems more fun with you around. I might have gotten bored if I came here on my own." That made Lea smile.
"Okay, I'll come with you whenever I can."
"Is a promise?"
"Yeah." Lea emphasized her answer with a nod.
"Thank you, Lea." After that, they stayed quiet, enjoying the tranquility of the park, only hearing the rustling leaves and feeling the pleasant breeze. After a few minutes, Lea felt something on her left shoulder. When she turned her head towards her left, she saw Julie leaning on Lea's shoulder with her eyes close. "Can I stay like this?" Lea could see that Julie wanted to sleep. Lea thought that Julie probably worked to the point of exhaustion.
"Of course." Lea was glad that Julie had her eyes close because Lea was blushing.
"Thank you." It didn't take long for Julie to fall asleep on Lea's shoulder. While Julie slept, Lea's heart started to beat faster, as if Lea was sliding a marathon. Lea blamed it to the fact that no one had done that in a very long time. Either way, she liked that someone was showing how much they valued her, how much someone trusted her.
"You're my best friend." Said Lea in a quiet voice, hoping not to wake Julie up, but Lea received an unexpected surprise.
"And you're mine." Julie's words caused Lea to go wide eyed. Lea and Julie stayed sitting like that, no one was close to see the scene. If anyone saw them like that, they would believe them to be more than just friends. While Julie was sleeping, Lea started to look around the park, looking at the trees, the grass, the clouds, just to make time go by.
"This feels great, hanging around with my new best friend, just enjoying life as it is. I don't remember feeling like this before. I wish things would stay like this." That last thought made Lea start to realize something. "Stay like this?" Then, Lea looked at the sleeping form of Julie. "Would they stay like this, if Julie loses her house? Would she still be this cheerful person, always have this smile on her face? Would she still be the same?" It came to Lea as simple as it could be. If Julie lost her house, Lea would lose her friend in the depression. After thinking that, Lea subconsciously closed her right fist. "I don't' want that, I definitely don't want that. I'll keep training my hardest, I'll keep winning and I'll save your house. I promise, Julie." Lea felt her determination grow even stronger than before, she felt she was ready for anything that came to her, and she would work hard and reach her goal. Somehow, Lea's spirit could be felt outside of her, because Julie started to wake up.
"Good morning." Said Julie while yawning, and after that, she rubbed her eyes.
"Um, I think it's the afternoon." Said Lea.
"Really, how long have I been sleeping?"
"Around an hour, I think."
"Whoa, I feel refreshed, are you sure it was just one hour?" Asked Julie while stretching, which made her chest stand out, and it made Lea blush.
"Well, I don't have a watch, so I can't really tell." It was even harder to tell for Lea, since she was lost in her thoughts. Even more with the move that Julie pulled.
"You must be a living pillow. I was very comfortable with you." Said Julie with the same smile that she always gave to Lea.
"As long as you don't drool on me." Joked Lea with a smile, trying to put the nice view out of her mind.
"I don't drool, you meanie." Julie gave a playful pout on her face and lightly slapped Lea's shoulder. Lea snickered because of the response and soon enough, they both start laughing about it. When the laughter went down, Julie stood up, which made Lea do the same, and they decided to keep going on their way. After spending a few hours in the park, they decided to go and eat something at a nearby cafe. They go in, went to the register, gave their orders, and just like before, Julie wanted to pay for both of their meals. Julie used the excuse that she was the one who invited Lea, and again, Lea wasn't in favor of it.
"Come on, Julie, you did it last time, at least let me pay mine." Said Lea with her wallet out.
"It's no problem, like I said-" Said Julie, who also had her wallet out.
"You invited me, I know. Just let me do this for you, you should let others help you every once in a while. What kind of friend would I be if I don't?" Lea's eyes showed her eagerness to help, even if it was something small. It touched Julie to see Lea like that, and decided to let it go.
"Okay okay, but just this once."
"Sure." And so, Lea paid for their meals, which it wasn't too hard on Lea's budget because Lea didn't order something big. Lea ordered a club sandwich with water, while Julie ordered a salad with ice tea. Lea had the feeling that Julie ordered something that was cheap. However, she might be watching her diet like Lea. Once they gave their orders, they found seats, sat down, and waited for their orders.
"You know, next time, I'll bring you to my house, I could cook something for you." Said Julie.
"You know how to cook? Then, why do you eat outside?" Asked Lea.
"Don't get me wrong, I don't mind cooking, but since we're out and restaurants are close by, why not? It's not like I do it every single day."
"That's true, who taught you how to cook?"
"It was Lucy, she's been working in the house for a long time, and she decided to teach me. 'Just in case you go out into the world', it's what she always said."
"She must have been a good teacher."
"She really is, kind but strict." Julie giggled a little at the memory. "What about you? Do you know how to cook?" Lea turned her eyes away from Julie.
"Well, you could say something, but not that much."
"And how much is 'something'?" Asked Julie in suspicion.
"I could make a sandwich, and cup noodles." After hearing that, Julie lifted an eyebrow.
"You mean the ones that you just pour hot water into, right?"
"Yeah, do they count?" Lea hoped that they did.
"Not even a little." Lea dropped her head on the table in defeat.
"Figures."
"Hey, that's okay, not everyone knows how to cook. I didn't know how to cook before." Julie tried to cheer Lea up because Julie was the one who brought the subject.
"I know. I just don't want to make you worry about me."
"Well, do you at least eat enough?" That was the main thing that Julie was worried about. Knowing that it was a question that Lea could answer positively, and mostly to make Julie stop worrying, Lea lifted her head from the table and looked directly at Julie's eyes.
"Of course, no problem in that area."
"That's good, but none of that could compare to my cooking." Julie put a hand to her hip and pointed at herself with her thumb from the other hand. It was hard for Lea to take that pose seriously, since Julie had a smile on her face, which brought a smile to Lea's face. At that moment, their orders were ready and Lea got up to get them. After that, Lea brought their food to their table, and they started to eat, starting small talk every once in a while. It looked simple, but they were enjoying their time together. When they were done with their food, they decided to call it a day, and Julie drove Lea back to the gym. After they arrive, Julie parked the car in front of the gym.
"Thanks for taking me with you. I had a lot of fun." Said Lea with a smile.
"I should be thanking you, Lea. You made it way more fun than it would be all alone." Said Julie with a smile.
"Anytime, Julie. See you next time." Lea was about to get out of Julie's car, but she was stopped by Julie.
"Wait, I can't believe I forgot last time." Julie started to look into the car's compartment and found a pen inside. "I want to give you my phone number, but I don't see any piece of paper." Julie started to think, and suddenly, she looked at Lea's hand, which gave her an idea. "I know! Can I have your hand, please?"
"Um, sure." Lea did as asked and gave her left hand to Julie. Julie grabbed it and faced the palm towards her. Then, she started to write on it.
"There we go, now you can call me any time you want." Julie wondered why she never gave her number in the first place. Lea looked at her palm and saw a phone number on it. "That's my cellphone. It should be easier to contact me with my cellphone than with the house's phone."
"Thanks, I'll put it on paper as soon as I can."
"Okay, have a good night, Lea." Julie gave her farewells with a small wave of her hand.
"You too." Lea got off the car and Julie drove away. Lea slid into the gym, and when she got inside, she sensed someone to her left, and saw the usual trio, who had a face that Lea couldn't understand. Their faces were saying that they knew Lea's little secret, which Lea didn't even know about.
"So, how did it go?" Asked Alinda, who was extremely eager to know details.
"Um, good?" Answered Lea, who didnt like where it was going.
"Where did you go?" Asked Salena.
"To the park." Answered Lea as if it wasn't a big deal.
"What did you do in the park?" Asked Hilda with a smile that was saying 'something happened there'.
"We just hanged out." Answered Lea.
"It can't be that simple, you two must have done something in the park." Said Alinda, as if she was accusing Lea of hiding something.
"Well, we went around the park, I climb a tree with her, we went to eat something, and then she brought me back." After hearing that, the trio got together in a circle, and started talking, not caring who might be listening. Even if the person they were talking about was right behind them.
"That was a date." Said Salena with a serious voice.
"A romantic date." Said Alinda with dreamy eyes.
"Definitely a date." Said Hilda, but just to make it fun.
"It wasn't a date! We just hanged out and that's all." Said Lea and she started to head to her apartment, but Alinda notice something on Lea's hand.
"Hey, what's that in your hand?" Asked Alinda as she pointed at the mentioned hand.
"Huh?" Lea turned her palm towards herself and saw Julie's number. Knowing what that would lead to, she decided to hide it from them. Lea put her hand to her right side, with the palm facing towards her. "Nothing." Everyone could tell that Lea was hiding something.
"I definitely saw something there, what was it?" Alinda was getting eager to know, which made Lea nervous.
"N-nothing, really." Lea slowly continued to head towards her apartment.
"Grab her!" After Salena said that, the trio jumped on Lea, who tried to slide away once she saw them. She wasn't fast enough and they brought her to the floor. Fortunately, it wasn't a dangerous fall and they pinned her down. Hilda, who is the strongest of the group, tried to pry Lea's hand open, but Lea wouldn't let it happen. To avoid hurting her, Hilda came up with a plan.
"Hey, tickle her." Said Hilda, who sounded like she was having fun, and they start to tickle Lea. Lea tried to resist, but it was too difficult for her and opened her palm without realizing it. Hilda took a good look at it and said. "It's a phone number!" After hearing that, Alinda and Salena stopped their attack.
"Nice, Lea, you got yourself a girlfriend." Said Salena, who felt proud of Lea. Then, Salena and Alinda started to get off of Lea.
"She's not my girlfriend, she's my BEST FRIEND." Said Lea with more volume as she was getting up from the floor, trying to make them feel bad about it, but it didn't seem to work. Again, the trio got into a circle and started talking.
"It's kind of hard to believe, since she's kind of quiet." Said Alinda in disbelief.
"Yeah, but look at her, she got the body to turn eyes." Said Salena.
"She's also nice, so she might have won her heart with that." Said Hilda, and everyone agreed with her on that.
"I wonder how far they have gone in their relationship." Asked Alinda, who hoped that they went far. Getting tired of listening to that, Lea started to slid to her apartment.
"I'm going now." The trio could tell that Lea was getting mad.
"Don't be mad, lass, we're just playing around. Personally, I'm proud that you've gotten so close to someone." Said Hilda, who was been sincere about it.
"As friends." Lea made her voice sound serious to make her point clear.
"Of course." Hilda complied, mostly to avoid Lea getting angrier.
"Good, I'm going to get a piece of paper to put her number in." Lea started to head to her apartment.
"Okay, lass, we'll be here for one more hour before we prepare to leave."
"Okay." They were glad that Lea wasn't angry anymore. Once Lea reached the stairs, the trio got in a circle and started a conversation again.
"I wonder why Lea is so dead set on them been friends? They sure don't look like it." Said Salena.
"It's like they are made for each other." Said Alinda, who was confused about Lea's insistence.
"What I think is either one of these two things." Said Hilda while thinking seriously.
"What are they?" Asked Salena.
"She either doesn't want a relationship, or her skull is so thick that she doesn't realize what's going on." After hearing that, everyone started to look at each other, and answered.
"She's thick." Said Alinda.
"No doubt about it." Said Salena.
"You're one to talk." Teased Hilda, while been honest at the same time. Alinda knew what Hilda was talking about and turned around, to avoid Salena from seeing Alinda's blushing face.
"I'm not that thick." Said Salena, even though she didn't know what was Hilda talking about.
"Sure you aren't." They continued their conversation for a few more minutes before they went back to their training.
Julie arrived at her house without any trouble on the way. She parked her car, and got into her house just in time to see Lucy and Nick walking across the living room. Lucy was heading to the kitchen while Nick was heading to his office. The living room was pretty much empty of people or kids, since it was already late. They stopped in their tracks when they heard the door opening and saw Julie walking in.
"Welcome back, Julie." Said Lucy with a smile.
"How was your day?" Asked Nick, who was also smiling.
"It went well." Answered Julie as she started to walk up to them.
"That's it?" Asked Nick, who didn't believe that it was that simple.
"Yeah, we had fun in the park and then we went out to eat something."
"I don't think it was as simple as you make it sound." Said Lucy, who was getting the feeling that Julie might be hiding something.
"Well, she carried me to the top of a tree." Answered Julie while thinking deeply.
"To the top of a tree? Well, Lamias are half snake, so they are good at climbing, but how did she carry you?" Asked Nick, who was curious to know how a Lamia, like Lea, could carry a female human.
"I just grabbed her by the neck from behind and she started to climb up." Answered Julie.
"Whoa, that must have been something to remember."
"It really was. Lea sure is amazing." Said Julie with amazement in her eyes and with a smile on her face.
"What else did you do?" Asked Lucy.
"Well, I actually slept on Lea's shoulder, which was a good nap. After that, we continued on our way through the park, just talking and enjoying the place."
"So, let me get this straight, you two go to a park, she carried you to the top of a tree, you slept on her shoulder, and then you two went out to eat." Said Lucy in a manner that asked, 'am I correct?'
"Pretty much, yeah."
"Whoa, wait, I thought you were going to hang out with her, not going on a date." Said Nick in surprised.
"We did hang out, it wasn't a date." Said Julie.
"Come on, Julie, we know what we're talking about, it's almost the same as when I met my late husband, may he rest in peace." Said Lucy.
"And when I met my ex-wife, who I thought was faithful. Fortunately, no kids with her, so no child support." Said Nick as a joke, even if the part where his wife was unfaithful was true, but that was a long time ago.
"Oh my god, you two were young?!" Teased Julie with fake surprise on her face.
"Funny, but seriously, no matter how you look at it, it sounds like a date."
"He's right, Julie. This might be the first time that you actually had this kind of relationship with anyone else." Said Lucy.
"We're just friends, technically best friends, but that's it, just friends. Besides, you know why I can't get in a relationship, I have to take care of this place, make sure the kids are alright, I can't go see her too many times." Said Julie.
"We know that you're a busy person, but life isn't just about work, you know?" Said Nick.
"I know, but it's not just my life, I have to make sure that their lives are as peaceful as possible. I can't let them down, not after Mataya entrusted them and the only home they know to me." Said Julie with an iron will. Nick and Lucy didn't know what to say about that because Julie was right about it. They didn't even know if they could go another year without having to sell the place. They worried every single time they remembered about it, but Nick and Lucy worry about how Julie seemed to throw her happiness away for the sake of the children.
"It really pains me that I can't do anything else to make this more easy for you." Said Nick, who clenched his fists out of frustration.
"Hey, don't worry about it, once we make it out of this, we can take some days off. Maybe we can take the kids somewhere, like the zoo, or the aquarium. You'll see. We'll make it out of this." Answered Julie with a smile, and after that, she started to ascend the stairs. Of course, Nick and Lucy knew that she was only trying to make them feel better. Once she was gone, Lucy and Nick started to talk about the conversation.
"I wonder if she realized that she likes Lea. They seem to be closer than what she said." Said Nick.
"Probably not, she seems to be distracted from that because of her responsibilities." Said Lucy, who got a little sad by the mention of it.
"Maybe she's clueless about it." They both start to think about it.
"What about Lea?"
"She seems to open up more with Julie than with anyone else."
"So does that mean?"
"Most likely, neither of them realizes that they both like each other, and more than just friends." Said Nick, who couldn't believe that they were that clueless.
"I hope they can get their heads together and realize it soon."
"Kind of frustrating, isn't it?"
"Very, all we can do is just watch how far this will go."
"Hope it doesn't take too long, who knows how long we're going to be here by then."
"Then let's do our best to make sure they both have the time for that."
"All we can do anyways." After that, they both left to go on their way, hoping that by then, Julie will have someone to support her, in case she lost the only thing she had.
The next day at the gym, Lea was doing her job by cleaning the windows, without any one realizing, that she was eagerly waiting for her time to train. Lea didn't have to wait long, because Alonso ordered her to start training.
"Oye, chica, go get your gloves and get in the ring, we're going to train." Said Alonso as he headed to the ring.
"Okay!" Answered Lea with great motivation in her voice, which surprised Alonso.
"What was all that about?" Alonso got in the ring, and Lea quickly got in the ring as well. "Okay, let's start with some warm ups before we get to the real thing."
"Yeah!" Lea started to do some stretches, while Alonso put the mitts on. Once Lea was done stretching and doing some warm-ups, they start with the training.
"Get ready!"
"Got it!" Lea put up her defense and started to dodge the attacks from Alonso, while returning punches, but those ones were different than before. A right punch from Lea sent Alonso's arm flying away from him.
"Que chinthat was stronger than before. Is she improving fast or?" Another punch sent his other arm flying. "Motivation? Either way, I like it." Alonso threw other attacks for Lea to dodge while hitting back. "Keep it up, chica, it isn't over yet!" They keep going, dodging, blocking, parrying, attacking, anything that would make Lea a better fighter. "Keep at it, chica, keep working hard, keep improving, and you will go farther than you have gone before."

Chapter 9: Results
Lea kept training to improve her guard for a month, ready to fight in her next match. The day of the match arrived, in which Lea was going to fight. Alinda was also going to fight in the same day as Lea, so everyone went to watch the both of them. Lea was going to fight first because she's a 4-rounder. Everyone was just waiting with Lea for her to be called. Once called, Lea, Fergus, and Alonso started to head to the ring. Hilda and Salena went to their seats, and Alinda stayed in the locker room. Lea got into the arena and received a nice welcome, claps and cheers rained down from the audience. Lea responded with a shy wave of her hand, while keeping her eyes to the ground, still not used to the cheering and clapping. Lea's opponent was already in the ring. She was around the same height and weight as Lea, with barely any hair on her head, but it looked to be of a dark color, either black or brown, freckles on her pale looking skin, and blue eyes. Lea's opponent may look weak with the skin color, but she showed a well-trained body and a good face to go with it. Lea nervously started to climb into the ring, along with Fergus and Alonso.
"Coach, she looks scary." Said Lea with a nervous voice.
"I can see why, but looks aren't everything in boxing. Just remember everything that we did in training and everything should go just fine." Said Alonso. On the other corner, the opponent's coach started to give advice to his boxer.
"Don't let your guard down on this one. She defeated Valeria with a KO. Just attack from a distance and keep her away from you."
"Got it." Answered the boxer without changing her expression. Without wasting any more time, the announcer ordered for the seconds to leave the ring.
"All right, chica, go get her!" Said Alonso as he left the ring.
"Yeah!" Said Lea, who was no longer nervous. Then, the bell ringed.
To start things up, Lea put her Peek-a-boo defense, a familiar stance to every boxer in the world.
"Now that's a tough defense to crack, but I'll bait her out of it." Thought Lea's opponent, who moved close enough to get into punching range, and immediately started throwing jabs at Lea. None of them do damage and Lea was not opening the Peek-a-boo. "Damn it, open the fucking guard." Out of frustration, she threw a right punch at Lea, but Lea ducked the punch and rushed in, getting close enough to only throw compact punches. Lea landed a left punch on the opponent's body, followed by a right punch to the opponent's body, and ended with a left hook to the opponent's head. All of them were thrown so close and compact, that they went faster than normal. Lea's opponent was strong enough to resist such a barrage of punches and tried to fight back. She threw a right hook at Lea's head, and Lea threw a right hook at the opponent's head. "No matter, mine is going faster than hers." What the opponent didn't notice, is that Lea didn't drop her left arm, and blocked the opponent's attack, while Lea's right hook landed cleanly on the opponent's face. Whether it was because of confidence or bad habit, the opponent dropped her left arm as she was launching the punch, while Lea never dropped it as she threw the hook. "Shit, she's pretty good. That leaves me with no choice, but to use it." While she still had consciousness, the opponent rushed in to grab Lea in a clinch.
"Chica, she's trying to clinch, punch her away from you!" Yelled Alonso, and Lea tried to follow Alonso's command. Unfortunately, Lea wasn't quick enough and she was about to be grabbed, but something else happened. Once the hands of her opponent were at the sides of Lea's head, the opponent used the left palm, which the referee could not see, and hit Lea in the ear, causing Lea to stop long enough for the opponent to grab properly.
Alonso and Fergus saw what happened from the corner and tried to protest about it.
"Hey, referee, she used a foul, a foul!" Yelled Fergus, who tried to inform the referee, but he wasn't heard and the referee proceeded to separate the fighters.
"He obviously didn't see that, that girl doesn't have any kind of respect for the sport, doesn't have the looks of it anyway." Said Alonso, who was angered by the dirty trick that the opponent used. Once the boxers were separated, the referee gave the okay to continue the fight.
That time, Lea didn't bother to wait, she decided to charge in, noticing that her opponent needed time to recover from the previous attack.
"I really don't know how she did it, but I know that she hit me in the ear while trying to clinch. The answer sounds simple to me. I just have to keep hitting without giving her any chance to clinch." Thought Lea. She dodged and blocked all the attacks thrown at her. She pressed forward, reached the opponent, and started another in-fight. The opponent tried to attack first with a right hook, but Lea parried with the left arm and landed a right hook. Then, Lea landed a left uppercut to the opponent's chin, followed by a right uppercut, and a left hook to the opponent's head. Lea's opponent fought back with a right uppercut, but it was stopped by Lea's left hand. After that, Lea fought back with a right uppercut to the opponent's chin, making the opponent slide back. In an attempt to survive the round, Lea's opponent decided to throw some jabs at Lea, but they were quickly blocked and dodged by the Peek-a-boo style. With no other option, the opponent decided to close up and stay on the defensive. It didn't stop Lea, she simply rushed in and started a barrage of punches.
"Shit, shit, shit, her punches are really heavy. I won't be able to defend for long. I need to buy time." Thought the opponent, and decided to use another clinch. Alonso and Fergus feared that she was going to hit the ear again.
"Cuidado, chica, she's going to do it again!" Yelled Alonso. Lea didn't need to be told twice, she started to throw short straight punches at her opponent's face, keeping the opponent away from grabbing Lea into a clinch. The punches were small and quick but lacked any real power behind them. Either way, they were enough to push Lea's opponent back, stopping her clinching attempts. The opponent moved back, trying to make distance to recover, but realized that she was close to the ropes. With that advantage, Lea decided to stop the opponent from running away anymore and charged in, attempting to start an in-fight on the ropes. Her opponent tried to stop Lea with a left jab, but it was blocked and Lea attacked it with a barrage of punches, leaving the opponent trapped.
A minute had passed, and it was easy to see that Lea was the dominating boxer in the match, but the opponent refused to give up.
"You little piece of shit, trying to make me look bad." Thought the opponent. Either out of desperation or rage, she attempted to fight back with a left to Lea's body, but it was blocked with the Peek-a-boo. Lea retaliated by landing a right uppercut on the opponent's chin. The punch caused serious damage to the opponent, her tail started to wobble, but she managed to keep standing and decided to tighten her guard. Lea didn't pay attention to it and threw an endless barrage of punches at the opponent's guard. Lea's opponent was actually waiting for the inevitable hook, which came at the right time. Lea threw a right hook at the opponent's head, trying to blow the guard away, but the opponent ducked the punch and grabbed Lea in a clinch. Lea attempted to push the opponent away, but failed to do so and the referee separated them. After separating them and making sure that they were ready to fight, the referee let the match continue. With the new distance between each other, Lea's opponent left the ropes, and Lea was quick to follow. The opponent quickly circled around Lea, making sure that the opponent's back was facing the referee. She managed to do so and attempted to grab Lea in another clinch, adding a foul with it. Lea ducked the clinch and returned with a right uppercut to the opponent's body. The punch pushed the opponent away from Lea. While the opponent was groaning in pain, Lea rushed in and landed a left uppercut on the opponent's chin, forcing the opponent to back away. With enough distance, Lea threw a right straight at her opponent's face, and the opponent attempted to fight back with a right straight of her own. Fortunately, the previous damage on the opponent's body caused her punch to get slower, making Lea's punch the first one to land. Unable to take anymore, the opponent fell on her tail and the referee quickly got between them. The referee ordered Lea to the neutral corner, which Lea did, and started to count on the opponent.
"123" The opponent was still sitting on her tail, but was visibly conscious. "456" At the count of six, the opponent grabbed on the ropes and lifted herself up. "78" At the eight count, the opponent managed to stand up, but was unable to hide the damage done to her. The referee checked on Lea's opponent and decided to let the fight continue. At the signal, Lea came out of the corner and headed straight to the opponent. The opponent charged in out of desperation and started with a diagonal right uppercut. Lea dodged by weaving to the left and landed a left uppercut on the opponent's liver. The punch made the opponent go to the mat again. The referee quickly ended the match because of the 2-knockdown rule. In other words, in a 4-round match, if one of the boxers fell twice, it was considered a KO loss. The referee pointed at Lea with his hand and announced her as the winner.
After that, Alonso and Fergus got into the ring and started to head towards Lea. Once they reached Lea, Alonso said.
"So this are the results, you ended this fight on the first round, first half of it. You seem to have gotten better at in-fighting." Alonso was happy to see that the training paid off.
"Yeah, as far as I know, I didn't get punched at all, excluding that hit to my ear." Said Lea, who was glad that she didn't take any serious damage.
"She was obviously using whatever she could use to win against you. After all, you defeated someone who was getting ranked before you. Having that in mind, she didn't expect to beat you in a fair fight. Well, let's go, Fergus and I have to be prepared for Alinda's match."
"Oh, yeah, let's go." They all get down from the ring, but then, they're stopped from moving by the audience. The audience was cheering so much, that it stunned Lea. She never expected that kind of response.
"That was a good one, Specter!" A person from the audience said while applauding.
"I'll go to another one of your matches!" Said another person.
"That's what I like to see, keep the KO's coming!" They continue on and on, which was a problem for Lea because she didn't know what to do.
"Hey, what are you waiting for? Respond to your fans." Said Alonso, who was hiding his delight at knowing that Lea was gaining fans.
"Oh, uh, okay." Said Lea. Then, she responded by waving to the audience and saying her thanks for their support. It was something that Alonso wasn't expecting. He was expecting a fist in the air or a victory pose, but not something that shy from her. The audience didn't seem to mind, so they kept cheering for her and hoped to see her again soon. Lea, Alonso, and Fergus reached the locker room that Alinda was using and went in. Alinda herself was still warming up for her upcoming match, while waiting to be called. Hilda and Salena were already in the room to keep Alinda company. The air around the room was very calm, not even the slightest feeling of pressure because Alinda was already used to it. When they saw Lea and the seconds come in, they started to congratulate Lea.
"That was a great match you had there, she barely touched you." Said Salena, who was amazed by Lea's new skills.
"The coach's training seems to have made you stronger than you already are. Not as strong as me though." Said Hilda, who didn't want Lea to let it get to her head.
"I don't think there's anyone stronger than you out there." Said Alinda while warming up. Everyone could agree with Alinda in that matter. In all of the fights they have seen, except Lea, Hilda seemed to have a very destructive punch. That was more emphasized by the fact that Hilda had also won all of her matches by way of KO, like Lea.
"Who knows? Maybe there's someone out there who can be my match."
"If that ever happens, I would pay anything to see her." Said Salena, who was honest about it, but believed that Hilda would win no matter what.
"Then you better start saving, lass. One day, I'm going to fight against the world champion, you'll see." Said Hilda.
"How come you haven't fought the world champion yet? You have boxed longer than I have." Asked Lea.
"There arent that many heavyweight boxers, so is difficult to find matches for Hilda." Answered Alonso with a serious voice.
"Is that why she hasnt been able to get a championship belt?" Lea could just feel it. She could feel that Hilda was capable of becoming a world champion, if given the opportunity.
"Exactly, but we tend to find a decent amount of boxers, enough to rise in the national ranks."
"Im actually very close to getting the national championship, so I'm getting closer to my goal. After that, Ill rise in the ranks and become the new world champion." Said Hilda with determination. After Hilda said that, a staff member asked Alinda to be ready for her match and left. "Well, we'll take our seats, good luck with your match." Hilda said  to Alinda with a smile.
"Go get her, Alinda." Cheered Salena with a smile.
"Lea, go get checked up first. If you're not that injured, then you can head to your seat with the rest." Said Alonso as he started to get his stuff ready for the match.
"Okay, good luck in your match, Alinda." Said Lea, who was confident that Alinda would win without a problem.
"Thanks, everyone." Said Alinda. After Alinda's friends said what they needed to say, they left Alinda with Alonso and Fergus.
After Lea got checked up by the medic, who declared that Lea was well, Lea headed directly to her seat, which was right next to Salena and Hilda.
"Hey, Lea, I see you are just fine, you got here pretty quickly." Said Hilda, who was glad to see Lea up and going.
"Yeah, I wasn't hit seriously, so the medic said I should be just fine." Answered Lea.
"Well, get ready, you're about to see another interesting thing today." Informed Hilda with a playful smile.
"Another? Like in Salena's match? Don't tell me" Lea could imagine what Hilda was talking about and started to look around the arena.
"What interesting thing are you talking about?" Asked Salena with a confused expression.
"Oh, nothing you should worry about." Answered Hilda with that same smile.
"Uh, okay." Salena didn't get it and simply dropped the subject. Lea was having an idea of what Hilda was talking about, but didn't know if it would be girls or man. After the announcer informed about the next match, the boxers started to get into the arena. When Alinda came out, it happened just as Lea believed, there was another fan group waiting to see Alinda. It was a little more different than with Salena, there were more males in Alinda's fan group than with Salena's fan group.
"Salena may be considered the 'Prince of the Ring', but Alinda is considered the 'Princess of the Ring', due to her more graceful style. Unlike Salena's style, in which she prefers to charge at her opponents." Hilda explained to Lea.
"So, does that bother Salena?" Asked Lea.
"Look for yourself." Hilda pointed at Salena and Lea looked at Salena. Salena was just her normal self, she wasn't showing any kind of annoyance or been disturbed. Salena noticed the stare and turned her head towards Lea.
"What is it?" Salena turned her head to the other side, where she believed that Lea was looking.
"Uh, nothing, nothing at all, I was justlooking around, that's all." Said Lea.
"Well, the match is about to start. So, let's cheer for Alinda." Said Salena with the same cheerfulness that everyone knew.
"Oh, sure." Putting the matter of the fan group at the side, the match started with the ring of the bell, and both fighters put their fighting stances. Since Alinda's hair was too long to put in a simple bun, it was left in a ponytail. Her opponent started to throw punches at Alinda, which were dodged without much problem. Just as Hilda said, Alinda's movements were more graceful than the time that she fought Lea. Alinda must have improved for that fight. Alinda was faster than her opponent and had the skill and technique to counter any attack that her opponent threw at her. Each counter thrown at her opponent was effective, and it made the opponent's attacks slower. Alinda took the opportunity to attack with jabs. The opponent tried to retaliate, but the damage was too much for her to move freely. In the end, it led to another counter hitting her square in the face and putting her down on the mat. The referee didn't needed to count, he immediately lifted his arms and crossed them, signaling the end of the match and announced Alinda as the victor. Lea didn't notice it before, but on the trunks of Alinda, was the logo of a store, which must be from her family.
"So that's how she advertises her family's store." The audience cheered for the outcome and for Alinda. After their matches, everyone left the arena, not seeing any point on watching the other matches. Once they grabbed their payment, they left the building and started to head home for the night.
"You were really fast tonight." Said Lea, who was amazed by Alinda's new speed.
"That's nothing, I'm sure she can go faster than that." Said Salena with pride in her voice.
"Is that true?"
"Yes, but I didn't needed to go that fast, just enough to see her movements and to use counters." Answered Alinda in a manner as serene and regal as always, but happy to hear Salena's praise.
"Tonight was a good one. All of our fighters won their matches, especially you Lea. I was waiting for you to win this match." Said Alonso.
"Why?" Asked Lea.
"With this victory, I am completely certain that you're ready to enter the tournament that will be held in two months. Winning this would not only give us money, but it will also give you a rank, even if it's a low one."
"That's great, Lea, you will start to get famous in no time if you win this." Said Salena.
"Then again, it means that there will be a lot of strong opponents too." Said Alinda.
"This brings back memories of the time I won the tournament. I had fun in it." Said Hilda with a smile on her face.
"Be prepared for your training, chica, because this tournament will be a tough one for you." Said Alonso in a more serious way than normal.
"I'll do my best, coach." Said Lea, which let everyone know that she was ready for anything.
"Then we are ready to enter, 'The Rising Seeds Tournament'." After hearing the name, everyone got quiet, and Alonso didnt expect that.
"Wait, rising seeds? Is that really the name they used this time?" Asked Alinda, who couldn't believe that they would put something like that as a name.
"Well, they don't have that many ideas for a name, so let's just go with it. Besides, they are seeds that are rising in the country and all that." Said Alonso, who was thankful that it wasn't him who came up with the name.
"I guess." After that announcement and strange name, they all went to their respective homes.
The next week, after resting up from their previous matches, Lea and her friends went on to do their own things. Lea was working in the gym as usual, her friends training in the gym, and Alonso training the other boxers. Everything was going as normal, but Salena decided to change that.
"Hey, Lea, since you don't have to do any serious training at the moment, why don't you go and visit Julie?" Asked Salena.
"I don't know, I'm actually busy right now. I need to clean and maintain the gym." Answered Lea, not to avoid Julie, but because she was truly busy.
"Come on, you should be fair, she paid you a visit, so it's your turn to pay her a visit."
"She might be busy. Since, you know, she has to manage her house." Answered Lea while working.
"Then call her, I'm sure she will answer immediately if she knows it's you."
"What makes you say that?"
"You're friends."
"Well, yeah, but I don't have any free days right now, I have stuff to do." Lea tried to put an end to the conversation, but something must be playing tricks on Lea because Alonso approached her after she said that.
"Oye, chica, I notice you haven't taken a day off since your fight, I'll give you two days off." Said Alonso with a business-like voice.
"Thankscoach." Answered Lea in suspicion.
"No problem, you need some rest every once in a while, but after that, is training and training. So make the most of it." After Alonso said that, he left to train the other members. Lea turned towards Salena with suspicion on her face.
"Did you have something to do with this?" Asked Lea.
"About that? You actually think I could do something like that?" Asked Salena.
"WellIf I think about it, I don't really think so." Lea didn't want to add that she didn't think that Salena was smart enough for something like that.
"You see? Now, want me to get you the phone?" Salena would be making small jumps out of eagerness, if it wasn't for the lack of legs, but the tip of her tail was wagging.
"Wait, I need to prepare." Lea started to fix her hair.
"To speak with Julie?"
"Well, yeah, I don't know what to say to her. It would be the first time I give a phone call to a friend." Lea was nervous.
"Don't worry, I'm sure it'll come to you when you get her on the phone, I'll be right back." Salena started to slide away to get the phone.
"Wait, wait." Begged Lea, but said it too late to stop Salena. That got the attention of Alinda, who was close by.
"Hey, Lea, what's going on?" Asked Alinda.
"Alinda, I'm glad you got here, can you go and stop Salena from calling Julie?" Asked Lea, who started to consider Alinda a hero because she appeared at the right time.
"Why would she do that?"
"She thinks I should go visit Julie and wants me to call her, but I'm just not ready yet, can you stop her?"
"Well, as your friend, I'm going to help you out." Alinda started to head straight to Salena, just as Salena was heading towards Lea.
"Thank you, I knew you were the most reasonable one." Alinda caught up to Salena and it looked like they were having a conversation, but it was too far for Lea to hear anything. Lea could see Salena had a sad expression and Alinda had a serious one. After a few words, Salena brightened up and started to dial a number, which was weird for Lea. The both of them started to slid towards Lea, and when they got to her, Salena presented the phone to Lea.
"Here, is ringing." Said Salena.
"Wait a minute. I thought Alinda was trying to talk you out of it." Said Lea, who was confused.
"She was? I just forgot that I didn't have the number, so I ask her what it was and she gave it to me."
"Alinda, you said you were going to help me!" Lea felt a little foolish. She should have remembered that Alinda liked that kind of things.
"And I did, I 'helped' you to go 'out' with her." Said Alinda.
"I'm not ready, I'm not ready!" Said Lea, who started to panic, until she heard a voice at the other side of the phone.
"Hello?" Asked the voice, and Lea quickly put the phone on her ear and answered.
"H-hey, Julie, h-how are you?"
"Hey, Lea, I'm doing great, even though I'm working. What about you?" Said Julie, who was certainly happy to receive a call from Lea.
"I-I'm doing well too, you know, working here and all, but still doing well."
"That's good to hear, so what's up?"
"Well, I" Lea looked around, trying to find something to say, and her eyes fell on her friends, who were encouraging her to speak. Hilda returned from her roadwork and saw the group together. She wondered what was going on and decided to find out.
"Hey, what are you guys doing?" Asked Hilda.
"Shh, Lea is on the phone." Answered Alinda while paying close attention to the conversation.
"With who?"
"Julie." Answered Salena, who was also paying attention.
"Oh, how is it going?" Asked Hilda, who joined in after hearing that answer.
"They are still on the phone." The trio decided to keep quiet, to hear as much as possible.
"I was wondering ifI could go and pay you a visit." Said Lea, who was gathering as much courage as she could get to ask that question.
"Of course, just let me know when youre coming so I can take the day off." Said Julie, who would take any excuse to rest from all the paperwork.
"G-great, yeah. Is it okay if I go tomorrow?" Lea wasn't expecting it that easily, but she was happy for it.
"Sounds great, want me to pick you up?"
"Oh no, I can get there on my own, don't worry about it."
"Okay." Their called was interrupted by Alonso.
"Oye, chica, I need you to clean something over here!" Yelled Alonso.
"Okay! Sorry, Julie, I have to go." Said Lea in a hurry, not wanting to make Alonso mad.
"No problem, see you tomorrow then." Answered Julie.
"Yeah, take care."
"You too, Lea." They hanged up the phone after that. Once Lea put down the phone, she started to get the feeling that someone was watching her. She looked to her left, and saw the trio, just standing there with a smile, which was disturbing for Lea.
"I'm not going to like this." Said Lea, who was just waiting for it.
"You know, one of us can take you there, is bad manners to keep a lady waiting." Said Alinda.
"I actually have the schedule of the bus. I can tell when it's going to arrive there." Answered Lea.
"Come on, lass, you would waste time on the bus, you're going to need it later on." Said Hilda.
"Need it? For what?" Asked Lea.
"You know, maybe you can get out of the 'friends zone'." Hilda wagged her eyebrows after she said that.
"Idon't think I'm following." Lea was getting more confused. After hearing that, Hilda let out a sigh and said.
"What I'm trying to say, in a subtle way, is that you get closer to Julie, so that you can sleep with her." Hilda found it tiresome, but funny that Lea was that clueless.
"ButI'm not" Lea took a moment to think about what Hilda was saying, and realized where the conversation was going. "Oh, wait, what? No! We barely know each other, and I don't see her that much, it takes a month or more before I speak to her. Besides, I like it this way. I don't even think I could go that far." Lea strongly argued.
"Come on, lass, you're 20. As far as I know, a lot of people at your age tend to have done it already."
"I'm not them, and she's not just anyone that I would have 'done it already' with." After hearing that, the trio got in a circle and started to have a conversation, not considering that Lea was close enough to hear.
"Now that I think about it, Julie might be the submissive type because she was such a gentle person." Said Alinda with a serious voice.
"No no, she is too energetic to be submissive. She's definitely more on the offensive." Said Hilda, who could imagine how Julie would be in a 'private' moment.
"What about a sadist? She looks playful enough for it." Alinda was hoping that it wasn't the case.
"Wait, what are we talking about?" Asked Salena in confusion. Not wanting to hear any more of their conversation, Lea took her chance to leave.
"This has gone to the gutter. I'm going back to work." Said Lea, who slid away from them and continued with her work.
The next day, Lea was on a bus stop that was close to the gym, wearing a long-sleeve red t-shirt with black cargo pants. Lea called Julie to let her know that she would be arriving somewhere around eleven. By then, Julie was awake and had already taken breakfast, so all she needed to do, was to wait for Lea. It took Lea around half an hour to arrive, which it could be worse. It could have taken an hour to arrive at Julie's house. The place was the same as always. Even with the debt, it didn't look like it would close at any moment. Lea slid to the door, got into the house, and saw Nick reading a book on one of the couches in the living room. Nick was wearing a business suit, which Lea didn't know for what, but believed his job to be the reason. Nick heard the door opening and turned his head towards the door. Nick turned at the right time to see Lea coming in, which brought a smile to his face.
"Good day, Lea, glad to see you're doing well." Said Nick.
"Hello, Nick." Said Lea, who was happy to see that Nick was doing well.
"I heard about you coming in today, so I was waiting for you. Julie is outside playing with some of the kids."
"Oh, I don't want to interrupt."
"Don't worry about it, just go and see her, I'm sure the kids won't mind. Just go through the play room and you'll reach the backyard." Nick pointed at the door between the stairs.
"Okay, thank you, Nick."
"No problem." Nick simply returned to his reading, while Lea headed to the backyard. Once she got outside, she could see how big the backyard really was. It wasn't as big as a park, but it was big enough to have a playground, a good open area to play sports, maybe even throw a party. It was surrounded with a wooden fence, as tall as Lea was in human height. There was also a pool, probably designed for the mermaids and merman that they have with them. Lea looked around, and she could see that many of the children were playing outside, some even playing with Julie. Lea could see that Julie was playing with some of the kids using a frisbee, chasing and catching the flying disc. Julie was wearing a white t-shirt with blue knee-length shorts and tennis shoes. She also fixed her hair in a ponytail. Julie threw the frisbee towards Lea's direction and saw Lea by chance. Julie told the kids that she would be back in a moment and ran towards Lea.
"Lea, you're here. Sorry I couldn't receive you, I was playing with the kids today." Said Julie with a smile.
"Oh no, don't worry about it, it doesn't bother me one bit." Said Lea, who returned the smile with one of her own.
"That's great." Suddenly, Julie started to make a face that Lea knew well enough. Julie was having an idea, and one that she liked a lot. "Hey, how about you play with us? I'm sure the kids would like to meet you." Julie looked proud of herself, thinking that she came up with the best idea she had ever thought of.
"Uh, are you sure?" Lea was nervous about that, which Julie could see.
"Yeah, don't worry. They'll love to meet you." Julie grabbed Lea's hand and took Lea to the kids. The group that Julie was playing with had kids of around 10 to 12 years old, all of different species, and they looked at Lea with curious eyes. "Everyone, I would like to officially introduce a friend of mine, Lea." After hearing the introduction, the kids greeted Lea at the same time.
"Hello, Lea." The greeting made Lea a little nervous, not knowing how to answer to kids.
"H-hey, kids." Greeted Lea with a small wave of her hand.
"So, now that the introductions are over, how about we get back to playing?" Asked Julie with a smile and the kids cheered for that, happy to know that they would keep playing.
"Are you going to play with us, Miss Lea?" Asked one of the kids, his eyes hoping for a yes.
"Yeah." Answered Lea, and the kids cheered for that. They all go to an empty part of the backyard to start playing with the Frisbee. "Are we playing something specific?" Lea asked to Julie, wanting to know what game they were playing.
"We were playing Frisbee soccer, have you played it before?" Asked Julie, who was ready to explain the rules if the answer was no.
"Yup."
"That's good, saves us time for explanations. You can join the other team, so we can make it even."
"Okay." And so, Lea's team was playing against Julie's team. Both teams had a variety of inter-species teammates, making it quite an interesting game to watch. They decided to let Julie's team start first. Julie started the game by throwing the frisbee to one of her teammates to the left of the field. A young Centaur girl caught the frisbee and quickly looked around for another teammate to pass it to, since the rules said that they had 10 seconds to throw the frisbee. The girl quickly threw it to a free human boy, but didn't notice the goblin girl jumping and intercepting the Frisbee.
Goblins were believed to be grotesque, little demons that were not only greedy creatures, but very dangerous as well. That, of course, was not entirely true. They were pretty much normal, some were greedy, that was true, but any other race could say the same about themselves. Their height was half the human height, but they could come in different colors, sometimes green, other times they were brownish and so on. They were believed to be hairless, but that was wrong too, they had hair like anyone else, and of different colors too. Another misleading belief was that they weren't bright creatures, but they were quite the opposite. They were as bright as a human being. Some have made discoveries of their own. For someone of their height, they could jump pretty high, around double their height, which was believed to be an evolution to reach places that they couldn't reach by normal means.
That explained why the goblin girl managed to intercept the flying Frisbee in mid-air. The girl quickly threw the frisbee to one of her teammates, who was an Arachne. The teammate caught the frisbee Then, she threw it to Lea, who was close to the goal. The frisbee was flying directly towards Lea. It was just a few feet away from her, but out of nowhere, it was intercepted by Julie. Julie had to jump for the Frisbee, but she landed on her feet. Once she regained her balance, she turned her head towards Lea and gave her a playful wink. Then, Julie threw the frisbee away from the goal and a male satyr caught the frisbee. Lea slid as fast as she could and tried to predict the direction that the satyr was going to throw it. The satyr threw the frisbee towards the direction of Lea's goal, and was passed to a werewolf. Lea was faster than the throw and intercepted the frisbee. Lea used her quick boxing reflexes to quickly find a teammate and threw the frisbee away from her team's goal. The teammate caught the pass and threw it back to Lea, who advanced to the goal as the frisbee was flying. Julie saw it coming and was heading to intercept the pass. Lea noticed that and slid towards the frisbee, trying to catch the frisbee before Julie did. Lea may be a Lamia, but Julie seemed to be in good shape because they were at the same speed. They were both very close to it, and Julie decided to jump for it, but Lea had the same idea and launched herself. They both jumped at the same time, everything went in slow motion for those two. Their hands were getting closer and closer to the frisbee, but none of them caught it. The wind had enough strength to make the frisbee go faster than normal and slipped away. It was unfortunate for the two of them because Julie couldn't stop herself from the momentum, and it was also too late for Lea to stop. They crashed into each other and started to fall to the grass. To prevent Julie from getting hurt, Lea hugged Julie close to her as they kept going down. Lea fell on her back, which didn't hurt as much as she believed because of her trained body. Once Lea recovered, she checked on Julie.
"Julie, are you okay?" Asked Lea. Julie sat up and shook her head for a little bit.
"Yeah, I'm fine. What about you?" Julie asked as she rubbed her head, before realizing their positions. When Julie sat up, she was sitting on Lea's waist in a straddling position with her hands on Lea's abdomen. Thankfully, the kids didn't know about it, but Lea and Julie were adults, which meant that they knew. Once they got their senses right, they quickly moved to stand up, with their faces bright red. The kids went to check on Lea and Julie.
"Are you okay?" One of the kids asked out of concern.
"Huh? Y-yeah, we're okay, nothing happened. We just tripped on something." Answered Julie, who tried to downplay the incident.
"More like crash, you sure you two are okay?" Asked a more mature kid from the group.
"Yeah, yeah, we're okay, right?" Asked Julie as she turned towards Lea, mostly looking for help at calming down the kids.
"Uh, yeah, it didn't hurt at all. Come on, we still have some time left to play." Said Lea, which made the kids cheer and take their positions in the field. And so, they kept playing until it was lunch time. All the kids went to the cafeteria with Lea and Julie. When they got inside, the kids started to take seats, while Lea and Julie look for their own. While looking, Julie freed her hair from the hairbands, no longer needing them. Julie found the perfect table for them, and gently pulled Lea to it. The table wasn't that far and they reached the table.
"Hey, Lea, do you remember this table?" Asked Julie, who had a gentle smile on her face. Lea looked at the mentioned table in curiosity, and she remembered instantly. That was the table that they both shared on their first breakfast together. Lea slid to it and put her hands on it, a smile starting to appear on her face.
"Y-yeah, this is where we ate breakfast for the first time." Answered Lea.
"You remembered." Said Julie, whose smile brightened even more.
"Of course I would. I could never forget it."
"Well, take a seat while I go and prepare something to eat."
"You're going to cook?" That was a little surprising for Lea.
"Yeah, I said I would do it when you paid a visit, so I'm going to cook for us."
"Isn't the kitchen busy right now?"
"Not really, they tend to have the food ready 10 to 20 minutes beforehand."
"Oh, okay, do you need help with something?"
"Don't worry about it, just sit down and relax. It won't take long."
"Okay." Lea took her seat, while Julie went to the kitchen. While on her seat, Lea was looking at Julie going to the kitchen, then she started to look around the cafeteria. "It hasn't changed that much since the first time I came here." While looking around, she started to feel someone pulling her t-shirt and turned her head towards the person. Lea looked towards her right side, and down, to find a young Arachne looking up at Lea. The Arachne had flowing shoulder-length light brown hair, fair white skin, and blue eyes. Her spider half was brown colored, very much like her hair.
Arachnes were half-human, half-spider, that could be taller than a human being, because of their 4 pairs of spider legs. From the waist down, was the thorax, and after that, the abdomen. Even though Arachnes were half-spider, they didn't possess any poison, but they still maintained the ability to shoot web. They also possessed six eyes, including the main eyes, which are more human-like than the rest. The four smaller eyes were compound eyes and were found in the area of the forehead. Unfortunately, they didn't have any special function. They were pretty much the same as the main eyes, which gave them a wider range of vision. Adding to it, they also had the ability to sense vibrations more easily with their threads and body. They were believed to be either infernal monsters or women cursed by demons or gods, which was wrong, like any other inter-species people. They may cause fear easily with their half-spider or with their legends, but they were respected as skillful weavers, capable of making clothes with their silk, which was very durable and valuable.
The little Arachne kept looking up at Lea with innocent-looking eyes. "Um, hello there" Lea greeted nervously, especially since she didn't know the little girl's name.
"Jenny." Said the Arachne with a straight face.
"Nice to meet you, Jenny. I'm Lea." Lea tried to be friendly.
"I know." Responded Jenny with the same face.
"You know?"
"Yes, Julie likes to talk about you."
"Oh, she does?"
"Yeah, you're the one that makes her happy, who can actually make her very happy."
"W-what do you mean by that?" Lea was feeling a little embarrassed from receiving compliments from a kid.
"Julie doesn't show it, but she's actually sad." After mentioning that, Jenny's face turned into a sad one. Jenny tried to hide it, not liking to show her sad face, and decided to look at the floor.
"Sad? Why would she be sad?"
"Because she might lose her house." That surprised Lea because she thought that no one knew about it.
"W-what makes you say that? She's not going to lose it."
"She always smiles to us, but is not the same smile that she gives when you're around."
"Really?" Lea turned her head away from he girl to look at the kitchen area, seeing Julie working in their food with the usual smile that she always had.
"I don't want to lose the only place that is home." Lea turned her head towards the girl and they went silent for a moment, while Lea was trying to find words to say.
"Are you new here?"
"I was in other places like this one, but they weren't home, they never felt this warm. No one in those places really cared about us, but Julie actually likes us."
"What happened toyour parents?"
"I don't know, I was abandoned and they never came back for me. That's all I know. Julie is the only one who has been nice to me, to everyone."
"She's a nice person." Said Lea with a smile.
"And it's going to come to an end, but I will try to enjoy the most of it." Said Jenny in a way that was too mature for her age. Then, she started to get shy, grabbed something that was lying on her abdomen, and showed it to Lea. "Here, this is for you." Said Jenny, showing a white scarf to Lea.
"For me?"
"Yeah, I heard that you were a Lamia, so I made you a scarf for when it gets too cold. I don't know how to make anything else right now. I hope you like it." Lea grabbed the scarf and looked at it.
"Thank you." It was the only thing that Lea could say at the moment, too touched to find words. After hearing that, Jenny lifted her eyes from the floor and looked at Lea with a small smile, happy that Lea liked it.
"You're welcome. I hope to see you again, bye bye." After Jenny said that, she left Lea. Lea was left there, just looking at the scarf. She was so focused on it, that she didn't notice Julie arrive with their meal.
"Hey, Lea, I hope I didn't keep you waiting for too long. Lea?" Said Julie, who started to wonder what was wrong with Lea. "Lea?" Lea responded after that.
"Huh?"
"Is something wrong?"
"Uh, no, nothing at all." Lea still had the scarf in her hands and Julie noticed it.
"Is that yours?" Julie pointed towards Lea's scarf.
"Oh, yeah, one of the kids gave it to me as a gift."
"That's really cute of them, I bet it was one of the Arachne children, they like to make clothing around here." Julie felt proud of their skills and thankful for their help.
"Yeah." Lea didn't know what else to say.
"Well, we better get eating while the food is still warm. Eat and be amazed at my awesome cooking skills." Said Julie with a playful smile. After that, they start to enjoy their meals and get into small talk. Throughout the whole meal, Lea had the scarf close to her, never leaving her side.
The day went by quickly for the both of them and it was time for Lea to go back home. They were both out on the front door.
"Thanks for coming over. It was a lot of fun." Said Julie, who had the same smile that Lea always saw.
"No problem, I had fun too." Said Lea, who gave Julie a calm smile.
"You sure you don't want me to take you back?" It was getting a little dark in Julie's opinion.
"Yeah, don't worry."
"Okaywell, take care of yourself, okay?"
"Yeah, you too, Julie." After saying that, Julie grabbed Lea in a hug, leaving Lea a little stunned. Julie ended the hug and walked back to the door.
"Come back anytime."
"Y-yeah, I will." Julie gave Lea one final smile and went into the house. Lea started to slide back to the bus stop. While on the way, she stopped and looked at the house, where they started to turn the lights on. Lea turned away and looked at the ground, clenching her fists and closing her eyes in shame. "I'm sorry, Julie. I was fighting to save your house, but now I realize it. I barely put the kids in my mind, it was mostly you. I just wanted to make you happy, barely giving the kids any thought. I was been inconsiderate." Then, the wind blew towards Lea's direction, and Lea lifted her arm to block the wind from her face. Lea remembered the scarf that she put around her neck, she remembered the little girl giving it to her, and she remembered the kids that she played with. "It will be different, Julie. I'm going to fight, not only for you, but for them as well." With that in mind, Lea lifted her head and moved forward, with new resolve in her mind and in her heart that was even stronger than before.

Chapter 10: The Worst Match Up
Lea arrived back to the gym after visiting Julie's house. The gym was nearly quiet, except for the few boxers that were still practicing. Lea went inside and started to head towards her apartment, when Alonso called for her.
"Oye, chica, can you come to my office? There's something I need to talk with you." Said Alonso with a serious voice. He was standing in the ring.
"Yeah, sure." Answered Lea, who started to wonder if it was good or bad news.
"Then, follow me." Alonso started to head to the office and Lea started to follow him. They both get to the office's door and Alonso went in first, followed by Lea. Alfred was already in the office, sitting in one of the sofas. "Take a seat, Lea, we have to discuss about the upcoming tournament." Lea took a seat in one of the sofas.
Alonso's office was close to middle size. It had the desk to the left side of the door, with a cabinet in the corner to the left of the desk, covering almost half of the wall. The cabinet was filled with video tapes of old boxing matches and DVD discs about newer ones. On the opposite corner, there was a smaller cabinet, filled with documents, containing information on boxers, contracts, and so on. In the middle of the room, there were two sofas, one of them was been used by Lea. Between those two sofas was a coffee table. On the wall to the right of the door, there was a plasma TV on the wall, which was big enough to cover most of the wall.
Once everyone was comfortable, the air got tense, indicating the seriousness of the situation. Alonso was the one who started the discussion.
"Now, we've found out about your first opponent in the tournament."
"You have?" Asked Lea, who started to wonder about her next opponent.
"Well, Alfred is the one who actually found out about her." Alfred took that as his call to start.
"Her name is Luisa Sanchez, a Mexican boxer with 2 victories by means of KO and 1 draw." Said Alfred.
"That doesn't sound bad, she's almost like me." Said Lea.
"That's what I thought at first, I was just planning on giving you more basic training as if it was any other boxer. All of that changed once I saw her matches." Said Alonso, whose face started to get even more serious.
"Is she that good?" Lea didn't like where it was gong.
"It would be best that you see it for yourself." Alonso pulled out a TV remote and turned on the TV. Lea turned her head towards it and saw the start of a match. On one corner came a Lamia with moderate brown skin color, hair of the deepest brunette in a cropped hairstyle, and dark brown eyes. "That Lamia is your next opponent, Luisa." Alonso informed Lea as the mentioned boxer was shown on TV. Luisa was fighting an African-American Lamia, whose hair was in many small braided tails. The opponent was moving forward with a low stance, a sign of someone who is an in-fighter. Luisa didn't seem bothered and kept moving forward, while her opponent charged in. Luisa didn't put up a guard, but instead, lowered her stance, and put her arms to the sides. Her opponent knew the brawling stance, but didn't care. For Luisa's opponent, it was a good opportunity to attack Luisa, who had no guard. To start, Luisa's opponent threw a right jab, and Luisa responded by throwing a left punch. That made it into a simultaneous exchange, both punches landing on their targets. The one who actually came out as the winner of the exchange, was Luisa, while the opponent staggered. Luisa took the opportunity to rush in and threw a right punch at the opponent's face. The opponent slipped under the arm and landed a left hook on Luisa's liver. The opponent thought that she landed a great punch on Luisa and was ready to continue the attack, but things didn't go that way. Luisa didn't stagger or got stunned, she resisted the punch and threw a left hook at the opponent's head. The opponent wasn't prepared for it and took the hit. The punch turned the opponent's head to the side, and something went flying. Once the item landed outside of the ring, a person in the audience noticed it and let everyone know what it was. The item that was sent flying, was the opponent's mouthpiece. The opponent fell face down to the mat and the referee quickly got between them. The referee sent Luisa to a neutral corner and proceeded to check on the downed boxer. The referee took less than 2 seconds to announce the fight over and declared Luisa the winner.
The match didn't even last a full minute before it was over, leaving Lea speechless.
"I was just like that when I saw this match of hers. I couldn't believe that she resisted a punch like that, threw another punch, and with enough strength to KO a boxer." Said Alonso.
"Is that why you are worried? I must admit, I'm surprised to see such a quick KO." Answered Lea.
"That's not surprising to me. Most Mexican boxers prefer to slug it out. That's how many of us became famous. Take a look at this next one." Alonso grabbed another DVD and Alfred got up to grab it. Alfred took the other DVD out and put the new one in. Alonso played it and the TV showed another match with Luisa in it. At that time, she was fighting against a white Lamia with milk chocolate brown hair, who was another in-fighter. The same happened in that fight, Luisa moved out of her corner to set up her brawling stance, while her opponent charged in. The opponent was quicker than the previous one and more alert to the situation. The opponent tried things out with a jab, which Luisa ducked. The opponent threw another jab, but Luisa dodge it by moving her head to the left. Luisa threw a right punch, which the opponent dodged by moving the head to the left and countering with a right straight to Luisa's face. Luisa took the punch, and the opponent believed to have caused serious damage, just like Lea believed.
"This is bad. She's going to be in trouble." Said Lea, who didn't know it, but she was far from the truth. Luisa didn't back away, nor did she falter, she simply thew a left hook at the opponent's liver. The opponent didn't expect that and took the punch. The punch caused tremendous pain to the opponent, who quickly fell to the mat. The referee got between them and ordered Luisa to a neutral corner. The referee checked on Luisa's opponent and didn't even take a moment, before he started to signal the end of the match.
Lea was more than speechless. She had a hard time believing that Luisa took a counter to the face and kept going.
"Good balance, insane punching power, and incredible toughness. She might be a brawler, the most brutal of the styles and slower ones, but she's damn good at what she does." Said Alonso.
"B-but how can she take such punches and keep fighting like it was nothing? I know that brawlers are resilient, but this is just insane." Said Lea, and she turned her head towards Alonso, who could see the incredulous look on Lea's face.
"It could be the tail and the muscles of the neck, which give her tremendous resilience and endurance."
"Wait, what about her draw? Maybe there are some clues on how to defeat her."
"Unfortunately, we didn't find the video of the match, but we found one thing about it. Luisa was fighting an out-boxer, who's the worst match up against her."
"What do you mean by 'match up'?"
"Well, in the boxing world, there's this triangle about boxing styles, kind of like rock-paper-scissor. Out-boxers beat brawlers, in-fighters beat out-boxers, and brawlers beat in-fighters."
"Brawlers beat in-fighters? So that means" Lea started to drop her gaze to the table.
"Unfortunately, she's your worst match up. Since in-fighters need to be close, the brawler doesn't have to chase the opponent because the in-fighter is already doing them the favor. Also, brawlers have more amounts of toughness and punching power than in-fighters."
"Then, can I actually beat her?" Lea looked at Alonso and showed the worry in her eyes.
"That's just a belief. It does give her an advantage, but not the victory. The fact is that it takes skill and experience to win a victory. I hope you enjoyed your day off because tomorrow you're going to start training again." Lea's mood lifted after hearing that. Alonso got up and started to leave the office, but stopped at the door and turned towards Lea. "This fight might be your most difficult one. It is times like this that you might need to think of something to win. I can train you, but the rest will be up to you, are you ready for this?" Lea dropped her head and looked at the table again, but that time, she found the determination to face the challenge ahead.
"Yes, I won't lose. I can't lose at this point."
"Good, then rest up because you have a long day tomorrow."
"Yes, coach." After Lea said that, Alonso and Alfred took their leave. It didn't take long for Lea to get up from the sofa and turned the TV off. Then, she headed to her apartment to call it a night.
The light posts in the street were starting to light up, illuminating the dark streets of the neighborhood. A Lamia was parking her car in front of an apartment building. The Lamia got out of the car, put the alarm, and slid towards her home. Eventually, she reached her home, or to be more specific, her apartment, and entered. The apartment had a living room, with a sofa that could turn into a bed located in the middle. In front of the sofa was a TV on top of a cabinet, and to the left was a lamp table. On the left of the living room, was the kitchen, equipped with a stove, refrigerator, and a table with chairs. On the far left corner was a hallway. At the end of the hallway, was the bedroom. Inside the hallway, there was the bathroom located it to the right and a closet located to the left. It couldn't be helped because her work didn't pay enough for a two-bedroom apartment, but it was enough to make life manageable. Once inside the apartment, the Lamia was greeted by a Harpy.
Harpies were believed to be ugly monsters that were spawns from Hell itself, or monsters that would bring misfortune, or steal food. They were actually confused with sirens, who could hypnotize seamen with their songs. That was mostly a story, since Harpies couldn't do that. They were actually very human-looking, except for the wings instead of arms and the legs, which were bird legs. The bird part of the leg started from mid-thigh, while the bird part of the arm started from mid-bicep. Other than that, they didn't have anything else that would label them as "ugly monsters". They were actually praised because of their flying capabilities and their feathers. In ancient times, nobles captured them to acquire the feathers and use the Harpies as slaves. Since they were half-bird, they weren't very heavy. Otherwise, they wouldn't be able to fly. The arm length was the same as a human, but the feathers made them look longer. Their feet had talons, so they were prohibited to use them as weapons because they were sharp enough to cut. The lack of hands didn't made their life that difficult. They had a kind of thumb that helped them grab certain things, like forks or other small things, but they would have trouble holding bigger things on each 'hand'. In modern times, they mostly work on areas where they are required to carry certain things and deliver them, since they could fly. They also hold other types of jobs, but they were more prominent in delivery.
"Oh, Luisa, your back." Said the Harpy with a delighted smile. She was a young Harpy with orange hair in a small ponytail, olive skin, and brown eyes.
"Hey, Jacey, how did it go today?" Said Luisa, who returned Jacey's smile with a polite one.
"Everything went well. She just wanted to see you before going to sleep." Jacey considered it a little unfortunate, but at the very least, Luisa was back from work.
"Then it's a good thing that I'm off tomorrow, so we can spend the day together."
"I'm sure she'll love that." Jacey smiled with motherly affection, knowing that the girl would be happy about it. "Well, I got to go."
"Oh yeah, here's your pay for today." Luisa took out money to give it to Jacey.
"Thanks, call me if you need me to take care of her, is never a problem for me." Said Jacey with sincerity in her voice.
"I know, have a good night." Luisa was glad that she found such a good babysitter.
"Good night." Jacey took her leave and went home, which was in the same apartment building as Luisa. Jacey was still too young to get a job, so to make some money, she decided to babysit. Luisa left her stuff in the closet and headed to the bedroom. She opened the door slowly, trying not to wake the girl up. Unfortunately, the girl woke up and lifted her little head from her pillow.
"Mommy?" Said the little girl half asleep while rubbing her eyes. She had long, flowing white hair, green with gray eyes, and fair white skin.
"Hola, mija." Answered Luisa with a smile, and the little girl sat on her bed.
"Mommy, you came back." Said the little girl with a bright smile, who was now awake, and Luisa went to sit on the bed with the child.
"Yeah, how was your day? Did you have fun at school?"
"Yup, we learned some math stuff that was kind of easy, and I played volleyball too."
"That's great. Did you have fun with Jacey?" Luisa could guess the answer because she knew that they got along very well.
"Oh yeah, I always have fun with Jacey, she even helped me with my homework." The little girl started to yawn as she finished saying that.
"I'm glad you had fun, but it's time to go to sleep." The little girl lied down on her bed and Luisa covered the little girl with the blankets. Once Luisa was sure that the girl was covered properly, Luisa got up and headed to the door.
"Are you working tomorrow?" The girl was barely awake.
"Yeah, but for a little bit. I'll be at your school to pick you up and we can spend the day together."
"Okaygood night, mommy." The girl closed her eyes and went to dream land.
"Good night, Milagros." Luisa got out of the room and closed the door.
Before going to sleep, Luisa took a shower and changed into a more comfortable change of clothing. She found something to eat in the fridge, which was something done by Jacey. Luisa had some 'skill' in cooking, which was at least edible. Fortunately, Jacey knew how to cook, so her food was much better than Luisa. Luisa grabbed it and put it in the microwave. Once it was done, she ate it, cleaned the dishes, brushed her teeth, and went to the couch. Luisa gave the bedroom to Milagros because Luisa wanted Milagros to be as comfortable as possible. Instead of lying down on the bed, she sat on it and just stayed there for a few moments. Then, she lifted her hands and put them on her face, trying to hold herself together. Unfortunately, she couldn't contain it any longer, and she started to cry, barely holding a sob.
"It hurtsit really hurtshow can you keep calling me 'mommy'? How can you keep looking at me as your mother? How can you love me? Your parentsif only you knew. It was meif only you knewit was me who killed them."
Before Luisa arrived to the US, she lived in her home country, Mexico. She didn't live there as a normal citizen, she was rich, but not because of family or hard work. Luisa belonged to a criminal organization that was well known throughout Mexico as the most dangerous in the country. She was the killer of the group, she would go and look for the targets that the boss of the organization gave her and kill them, but she didn't do it with weapons or 'accidents'. Instead, she preferred to do it with her bare hands, always saying that she enjoyed the feeling of crushed bones and spilled blood on her hands. Except for the organization, no one knew how she looked. The only thing that was known about Luisa, was that she was a Lamia because she left snake trails. No one knew how she looked because she disguised herself and never left witnesses alive. Luisa never knew her parents, she was abandoned at an orphanage, but she was treated poorly and escaped into the streets. It was a rough life, especially for someone who was only 6 years old, where the strong live and the weak were devoured. She lived a life full of battles for survival. At least she got something out of the orphanage. She learned the basics to survive, like reading and writing. At 12, she joined a gang on the streets that terrorized the city, but she never took drugs, saying that it would cloud her senses when she needed them. Her infamy increased and got the attention of a criminal group, she was 15 at the time. She joined the group and became their killer. After a while, she gained the infamous name of 'El Puo de Satanas', meaning 'The Fist of Satan'. Over the years, along with the organization, she kept killing and spilling a river of blood, making her one of the most wanted criminals in the country. So dangerous and infamous, that her bounty had become 'Dead or Alive' type, giving a reward of $1 Billion if caught alive, $800 Million if dead.
Luisa lived like that, until that fated night. She was ordered to kill an agent, who was getting too close in finding the boss of Luisa's organization. Also, she was ordered to kill the agent's family because Luisa's boss wanted to send a message. Luisa didn't question, she was waiting to feel blood again. Luisa always went alone, not wanting anyone to take away her fun. Whether it was from overconfidence or poor leadership, Luisa didn't find any kind of security around the house. Luisa went in without a problem and started searching for the targets, but it seemed that Luisa wasn't stealthy enough because she was found out by the agent. The boss didn't know the identity of the agent, but Luisa discovered who it was. He was a human agent, easy to see that he was someone with years of experience, which made that mission more fun for Luisa. They battled, the agent showing his abilities at fighting Lamias, but Luisa used a distraction to take him to the ground and started pounding him to death. Once she was done, she started to look for anyone else in the house, and they seemed to know how to hide. Tired of looking, she decided to set the house on fire, the cops wouldn't show up until it was too late. They were paid to do that after all. Luisa pulled out a Molotov cocktail that she was carrying with her and a lighter. She started the lighter, but before she ignited the Molotov, she noticed a door that she missed in her impatience. She wasn't given the chance to check because she was attacked by a screaming woman with a knife aimed at Luisa's gut. The woman missed and Luisa dropped the lighter to punch the woman in the face, making her fall to the floor. The woman looked at Luisa and turned out to be a Yuki-Onna, or a 'snow woman'.
Their name of origin was Yuki-Onna in Japan, but outside, they are simply called 'snow woman' because that was what basically meant. They were believed to be spirits of dead woman that were killed in snowstorms, making them evil or good nature spirits with the ability to turn into mist and freeze their victims. They had none of those abilities, but they did have the tremendous resistance against cold weathers, to the point of walking in the middle of a snowstorm and live. Their appearance was of a woman with white hair, pale blue skin, and blue eyes. Some believed the hair to be a type of camouflage for the environment, and the blue because of their natural resistance of cold temperatures. In truth, they were pretty normal people, some were nice, helping lost travelers get out of the cold storms, but others were more evil, who decided to have fun by killing them. Humanity had the tendency to remember more the bad than the good, so they didn't want to know anything about the Yuki-Onna. Not all humans decided to cut everything with them, some eventually found the Yuki-Onna's settlements and lived there. In modern times, they have spread out, but many preferred to be in cold places, since they aren't very resistant against the heat.
Luisa was now sliding to her next victim, but she got a surprise from the woman. Instead of trying to run away, the woman attacked by launching herself and slamming into Luisa. That made Luisa drop the Molotov, and she was pushed to the wall. The woman was pushed away easily, and she was punched in the face, which made her back away from Luisa. Luisa didn't stop, she punched the woman one more time, sending her to the floor. Then, Luisa got on top of the woman. Luisa's weight was difficult to lift, even for a Snow Woman, and Luisa took the chance to put an end to the woman. Luisa started to pound on the woman, each hit spilling her blood, which was surprisingly red, but the woman tried to fight back, sending a punch towards Luisa. It was futile, they barely had any strength in them and Luisa could easily resist it. It didn't take long for the woman's resistance to end, along with the woman's life. Luisa was having too much fun, so she didn't notice that her victim was already gone. Then, a voice stopped Luisa, a small little voice that was calling for someone.
"Mommy, daddy?" The voice belonged to a little girl, who was looking at the scene before her. Luisa had her right fist in the air, ready to strike again, with the left pulled an inch away from her victim's face. The agent was to Luisa's right, and on his back as a bloody mess. Both of the victims' blood spilling where they were. Luisa looked at the girl, who had hair as white as snow, the fairest white skin, and beautiful green with gray eyes. At that moment, Luisa understood why the woman fought Luisa. The woman was trying to protect the girl. Luisa started to realize that the woman was looking towards the direction of the child, which would mean that the woman was the child's mother and the agent was the father. Also, Luisa realized that the girl saw Luisa beat the life out of the mother. Luisa could see the shocked horror in the girl's face, tears started to well in the girl's eyes. Something inside Luisa reacted to that, something she hadn't felt as far as she could remember. Luisa started to feel emotions that she never thought she had. Looking at the bodies and looking at her bloodied hands, caused all the feelings and emotions to come out. Luisa felt horror for what she had done and for what she had become. She felt regret for the many lives that she had taken and the many families that she had broken. Then, she heard something and looked towards the direction of the girl. Luisa noticed that the girl collapsed and quickly slid towards her. Luisa picked the girl up and checked her to see if she was alright. Fortunately, Luisa saw the girl's chest rose, a sign that the girl was alive, which put Luisa at ease. Then, she noticed a smell in the air, and instantly discovered that it was smoke. The conflict with the mother caused the Molotov to fall on the ignited lighter, causing the house to start getting engulfed in flames. Luisa grabbed the child and looked for a way out. The front door was the first to be caught in flames. Luisa started to regret using a Molotov. With no other door, she decided to go out through the window. Luisa secured the child and jumped out through the window, while protecting the child.
Outside of the house, Luisa did the first thing that came to mind in that kind of situation, she slid away. She slid as fast as she could, escaping the scene of the crime and looked for a place to hide. Luisa eventually hid from the law and waited it out in one of the organization's hideouts. Luisa was now in a dangerous position, if she returned to the organization, they would kill the child to avoid any witnesses. If Luisa got caught by the authorities, they would kill the girl, since many in the police force had been bought by the organization. There was only one option left, Luisa had to leave the country with the girl. While thinking that, the girl stirred and woke up, getting the attention of Luisa. The first thing that the girl asked was about her location, which Luisa answered as her house. Then, the girl asked who Luisa was, which made Luisa curious. Luisa asked the girl for her name, and got a surprise: the girl didn't remember her name, which draw the conclusion that she got amnesia. The shock must have erased her memory of the murder, along with everything else. The girl started to ask questions about herself and Luisa, which Luisa tried to fill in, but not with the truth. Luisa couldn't say that she killed the girl's parents, so she decided to lie. Luisa said that the girl's parents died in an accident and left her in charge of the girl. The girl was saddened, but she said something that nearly made Luisa choke on sorrow and guilt.
"At least I have you with me." Responded the girl responded with a smile.
It was heavy. Luisa used all of her willpower to avoid letting a single tear fall. At that moment, she introduced herself properly and gave the girl a name, since Luisa didn't know the girls real name. Luisa named the girl, Milagros. The girl liked the name, and with that, a new family was born. Luisa started to act quickly, she went to get fake passports for the both of them, grabbed some money that she had, and left the country for good. She eventually reached the US, rented an apartment, and found a job at a construction company. Considering that she never got a degree on anything, she could only work at the lowest level. The pay was good enough to survive, which was lucky for Luisa because she had to use most of her saved money to pay for the apartment, the furniture, a car, and other necessities. Luisa found a babysitter in the apartment building, who was Jayce. Even though Luisa found a babysitter, she wanted to spend as much time as she could with Milagros, so she found another way to get money, which was through boxing.  Since then, she had been training and became a boxer. With this new source of income, Luisa didn't needed to work too much in construction and she could spend more time with Milagros.
6 months have passed since that fateful night. Over time, Milagros started to consider Luisa as her mother, which pained Luisa too much. She knew that Milagros will never see her real parents again.
"I could never tell you the truth, I don't know if I could handle it. I don't know if I could handle losing the only one making my life worth living. I don't know if I can even redeem myself for what I have done to you. I know that my actions are unforgivable, and my soul will forever be condemned to the fires of hell itself. It won't redeem me, but I'll do all that I can so that you can enjoy your childhood. A childhood that I nearly destroyed. No matter who I face, I won't fall. I won't lose, for you and for your happiness." Thought Luisa. With a goal set and a heart ready to fight to the end, all Luisa needed to do, was to prepare her body for the upcoming match. "Specter, 2 wins by means of KO. I'm sorry, but your streak ends with me." Luisa had training tomorrow, so she decided to go to sleep.
The next morning, back at Alonso's gym, Lea was doing more of her usual routine, which was working in the morning. So far, Lea hadn't been called to do any training, which was a first. Alonso usually had some training ready for Lea to prepare her for the next match. It made Lea worried, and she started to wonder if Alonso didn't know what to do for the next match. The day went all the way to midday, but it happened. Alonso called for Lea, who was relieved for that, and she quickly slid towards Alonso, which surprised him.
"You called me, coach? Do you have some special training ready for me? Is this going to help me defeat Luisa?" Asked Lea, who was so excited, that she asked those questions really fast.
"Yes, yes, and I don't know." Answered Alonso, who hoped that it was temporary.
"I'm sure that it will work out, right?" Lea started to worry.
"To be honest, it's the best I can do for this match. You're going to have to think of something that can actually hurt Luisa."
"You mean, like a technique?"
"Well, to be precise, any ideas that can help you defeat her."
"Like what?" Lea hoped that Alonso could give her some clues.
"Anything, but let's not waste time thinking, let's start with something that might give you an advantage." Alonso thought that moving would help with thinking.
"What are we doing?" They moved towards some weights.
"You're going to strengthen your tail. Adding strength to it will not only make you faster, but it will help absorb more damage than normal."
"Sounds great." Lea felt better after knowing that there was some hope left.
"It does, but it won't be easy. You have to train the tail all the way to the tip."
"Do you think it will be enough?"
"Like I said, it's the best I can come up with. You have to enter the danger zone to land a hit, so you must be fast enough to avoid the danger."
"I'm still not sure about this, but I trust you." Those words made Alonso feel a little touched, but he didn't show it.
"Glad to hear that, chica. Remember, the most powerful punches, start from the legs, or tail in your case."
"Got it, coach."
"Now, start training your tail."
"Okay." Lea did as she was told, while Alonso left her to it. Once gone, Fergus took the chance to talk with Alonso.
"Are you sure about this, sir? There must be some way to make it easier for her." Said Fergus, who didn't like that all Alonso could come up with was just training the tail.
"Not much we can do right now. For now, we'll prioritize the tail and train in the basics."
"I hope it's enough."
"The match will tell if it was enough or not, but one thing is for certain, we're going to win this tournament." Alonso certainly wasn't going to let it end in the first round of the tournament. Fergus accepted the answer and left to help other boxers in the gym.
Lea was exercising as Alonso asked her, but something got stuck in Lea's mind. Alonso's words ringed in Lea's head, the words were: "The most powerful punches, start from the legs, or tail in your case."
"Why did those words stayed in my head? Is it a clue, or am I getting somewhere? Maybe I'm missing something?" Thought Lea. After a while, she thought that it will come on its own, so she will focus on training her tail as much as she could. That kept going for a whole month, Lea kept strengthening the tail, but she was unable to come up with anything special. Alonso wanted to test out the results of the training, so he put her against Hilda.
"Okay, chica. Today, you're going to go against Hilda, since she's the only one who uses a brawler style."
"Hilda?! She's a heavyweight. She could knock me down with one punch." Said Lea while Hilda got in the ring.
"Oh yeah, this brings back memories, which was mostly me knocking you out. Now then, are you ready?" Said Hilda, who was looking forward to the fight.
"Will she be able to pull some punches?" Thought Lea, and far as she could see, Hilda won't do it.
"Listen, I need to know that the training is giving some results, so you need to fight to find out." Said Alonso, who didn't leave space for an argument. Lea didn't see any way out of it, so she simply accepted her fate and got in the ring with her equipment.
"Please don't kill me." Begged Lea as she got in the ring.
"WellI'll try." Said Hilda, which was the best that she could promise. The bell ringed and they start the spar.
Lea put her usual Peek-a-boo guard and started to head towards Hilda, who also moved forward. They quickly reached punching range, but none of them launched a single punch. Hilda may be a brawler, but she tended to look for opportunities, instead of just throwing punches and hoping for one of them to land. To start, Hilda threw a left jab at Lea, who dodged by moving the head to the left. Lea attacked with a left jab to Hilda's head, but Hilda used her right arm to block it. Again, they keep distance from each other, but Lea started to rush in to get into her preferred distance. Hilda noticed it and quickly tried to intercept Lea with a left hook. To Hilda's surprise, Lea moved at a surprising speed. Hilda continued to throw her left hook, but Lea quickly moved to Hilda's right and punched Hilda's liver with the left hand. After that, Lea quickly moved away from Hilda. Everyone watching the sparring session was surprised, knowing that Lea had increased her speed.
"It seems that the training has paid off." Said Alonso, who was glad for it, but he kept a serious face.
"With that kind of speed, Lea can get in, land some punches, and move out of range." Said Alinda, who was amazed by Lea's new speed.
"That sounds like a good idea, considering that Luisa prefers a more stationary position."
"Then again, Lea is always going to be facing Luisa from the front. What if she can anticipate the movement?" Asked Salena.
"Maybe she could combine feints and wait for Luisa to attack." Answered Alinda.
"There are too many unknowns in this match. We can only hope that this will be enough to defeat her." Said Alonso, who wished that he could do more. After that, the three of them kept watching the spar between Hilda and Lea. Then, Alonso looked at Alinda and Salena in surprise. "Wait a minute, when did you two get here?" As far as Alonso knew, he left them training before starting the spar.
"Weve been here since the beginning." Answered Salena as if it was no big deal.
"Oh, okayNow go back to your training."
"Come on, coach. This is too interesting to just leave it." Said Alinda.
"More like you don't have enough to keep you entertained. Now go and do your training, or I might have to add more since you seem to be bored." Said Alonso.
"Uh, that won't be necessary, we were just leaving, right?" Alinda looked at Salena.
"I was actually going to keep watching." Said Salena, who didnt get the hint, making Alinda start pulling on Salena's ear. "Ow ow, hey, cut it out!"
"We're leaving. We need to do our training." Alinda kept pulling Salena away.
"Okay, okay, just let go of my ear." They left to do their training, leaving Alonso alone. Instead of feeling relief, Alonso got in deep thought.
"They had a point, this is a good tactic, but I can see one flaw in it." Thought Alonso, and it didn't take long to show itself.
Hilda had been trying to keep up with Lea, but Lea was too quick to catch with big swings. No seeing anyway to catch up, Hilda decided on another approach. Lea charged in and threw a right uppercut to Hilda's chin. Hilda carefully matched up the timing of the punch that was launched and threw a left hook at Lea's head. Both punches landed and made it a simultaneous exchange. They both have tremendous punching power, but Hilda was in the heavyweight division, which meant that she could endure the punch. Lea was in the middleweight division, so she lost the exchange and it made her back away from Hilda.
"We still have the problem of lower toughness, so Luisa might try to make exchanges." After Alonso thought that, he ended the spar. "Okay, you two, that's enough for today." Both boxers end the spar and start to get out of the ring.
"That was some good speed, lass. It would be hard to keep up, even for someone like Luisa." Said Hilda.
"I think so too, but I don't think it would be enough to bring her down. If I'm lucky, I could win by points, but I don't think it would come to that." Said Lea, who sounded serious about it.
"Then you better think of some big technique against her, something that even she couldn't resist."
"I have been thinking about it, but nothing comes up, and there's less than a month to think of something." Lea even started thinking before going to sleep.
"Oh well, don't worry too much. I'm sure something will come up, eventually."
"I hope you're right."
"Well, I'm thirsty. Alinda, can you pass me my water?" Hilda asked to Alinda because she was the one closest to Hilda's bag. Alinda went to Hilda's bag, found the bottle of water, and threw it to Hilda. "Nice throw." Hilda sat on a nearby bench to rest while drinking her water. Lea saw the throw and it stood out for her.
"This is getting weird, why are these kinds of things getting into my head?" Thought Lea, but she didn't have a lot of time to think about it, so she left to keep training.
Weeks have passed and the day for the weigh-in arrived. That would mean that Lea would meet face to face with Luisa. Lea arrived to the assigned room and found another Lamia inside. Lea could tell without a doubt, that it was none other than Luisa Sanchez. Luisa was taking her clothes off, leaving only her underwear, revealing solid muscles in her arms, abdomen, and back.
"Not a bad body, no wonder she was never taken down before." Thought Alonso in amazement. "Then again, Lea isn't someone who lags behind." Luisa was called first and her weight passed without a problem. They call Lea next and she took her clothes off. No one could deny that Lea had a good body. Compared to Luisa, it might be almost the same because Luisa had a better built than Lea. Lea's weight passed without a problem. After that, Lea got off the scale, headed straight to Alonso, and started to put her clothes back. While doing so, someone started to move towards her. Lea turned around and noticed Luisa approaching, which made Lea feel nervous. Once Luisa was close, she politely introduced herself.
"Hello, my name is Luisa. Nice to meet you." Luisa offered her hand with a smile.
"Oh, yeah, I'mSpecter. Nice to meet you too." Said Lea, who grabbed and shook the offered hand.
"Specter? Is there any reason why you chose that ring name?"
"It was an idea of my friends." After answering, they let go of their hands.
"That's nice of them." After Luisa said that, her coach called for her. "Well, sorry I have to leave like this. Let's do our best in the match."
"Uh, yeah, let's do our best." After that, Luisa left the room. Alonso called for Lea and they both left the room. "Luisa wasn't as scary as I thought she would be."
"Of course not, just wait until she gets in the ring, that's when you're going to see the difference." Answered Alonso.
"Well, I'm not as nervous as before. I think I'm ready to start at any time." Said Lea.
"I hope you can keep this up by the time the match start. Just don't go easy on her just because she was friendly to you."
"Oh, yeah, don't worry, I understand at least that much."
"Good, but are you truly ready for this match? Did you come up with anything that could give you an edge in this match?" Alonso hoped that she did.
"To be honest, I couldn't come up with anything, but like Hilda said, it might come on its own." Lea still remembered the different things that stayed in her mind: Alonso's words about tail power and the bottle of water been thrown to Hilda.
"I see. In that case, all we can do is rely on your skills and training to win the match. I can actually give you one piece of advice."
"What's that?"
"Remember what you fight for. If is truly special to you, it might save you from the worst situations."
"Okay, but don't worry, I always remember. I don't think I could ever forget."
"Good, then we are as ready as we can be."
They all know that it will be a very difficult match. A match that could even result in severe injuries, or in the worst case scenario, one of them could die. Either way, they both know the dangers of it and keep moving in the path of a boxer. No matter how broken they get and no matter how bloody they get, Lea and Luisa were determined to fight to the very end.

Chapter 11: Is It Enough?
The night came too quickly for Lea, but she didn't complain. She was waiting for the match and trying to clear her head of nervousness. Alonso, Fergus, Lea, and her friends went to the venue, where the match would take place. Again, Lea's match was an under card, but it felt something bigger for Lea, since she was fighting against a strong opponent. The air in the changing room was heavy for Lea and her seconds. The first match of the tournament was going to be difficult. None of them expected such a thing, but they couldn't back down from it, especially Lea. Luisa was in another room, feeling the same thing as Lea. Luisa's previous opponents didn't made Luisa nervous, not even a little, but Lea was different. Luisa couldn't put it in words, she just felt it. Her coach saw her face and tried to calm her down.
Sitting at Luisa's left was a Werebear with salt and pepper hair, just like his fur. He had his hair combed back, simply because he liked to be presentable.
The story of the Werebears came from the Greek mythology of Callisto. Callisto was turned into a bear by a jealous goddess. The mistake in the myth was that she was half-bear, half human. The male Werebears looked more like bears, instead of humans. They had the ears, small bear tail, the fur around their bodies, and the face of one. Of course, they didn't have as much hair as a real bear, but enough to warm them up. Their female counterparts were a little different. They had the ears, the tail, and they had fur, but it only covered from hands to elbows and feet to knees. Their face and body were still human-looking, unlike their male counterpart. They all shared similar things, like the brute strength of a bear, their impressive sense of smell, and capability to resist cold weather. Humans believed the Werebears to be cursed animals, but that was far from the truth. They have existed for a very long time. They simply preferred to stay out of sight because of the dangerous times. In modern times, they were normal citizens, mostly doing labor work and living in cold places, but they have spread out throughout the world.
"You okay? It isn't like you to look nervous." Asked the Werebear.
"I'm okay, coach. I just don't know why I'm so nervous. I've never felt like this before." Answered Luisa.
"Is normal, as far as we have seen, she's not an easy opponent." Answered the coach with a smile to cheer Luisa up.
"That might be the case, but I don't think is as simple as that."
"Well, once you get in the ring, you might calm down. Why don't you get warmed up before it starts?"
"Yeah, thanks, George." Luisa started to throw some heavy jabs and straights.
"This is the first time that I have seen Luisa like that. She's usually very calm in every match, having confidence like none other. Her next opponent, Specter, didn't exactly give me the air of someone strong. This might be her instincts telling her to stay on guard against her. I wonder if she has met her match."
In Lea's changing room, they were having the same problem, but for different reasons.
"Oye, chica, start warming up." Ordered Alonso, not wanting Lea to let the pressure get to her.
"Y-yeah." Said Lea, who started to do as told, weaving and throwing punches. Even if she was warming up, her mind was somewhere else. "Dammit, dammit, I can't get rid of this feeling, I couldn't think of anything before the match. Those words are always circling in my head, is like they are avoiding me, not letting me think on them. Can I actually beat her with just this? No! I can't think like this, everyone has been supporting me this far, I have to save Julie and the kids. I can't give up so quickly, I have to do anything that I can to win!" Lea started to look livelier than before, which didn't escape Alonso.
"Whatever it is that is making her regain her spirit, I hope it stays with her. If all else fails, then we will have to rely in her determination alone. Do your best, chica, and I will do my best to keep you safe." With those silent promises, the air became less heavy, and Lea was just waiting for the call.
Hilda, Alinda and Salena were in their seats, waiting for Lea's match to start.
"Hey, what do you guys think about Lea's match? Do you think she will win?" Asked Salena.
"Of course, she defeated a ranked boxer before, remember?" Answered Alinda.
"I know, I was watching too, but this feels different. Even Lea was different." Alinda and Hilda started to notice that Salena was nervous.
"Different?"
"Yeah, as if, she doesn't feel confident about this match."
"Wellconsidering her opponent, I guess anyone would feel the same, but we can't think like that. We have to show support for her." Alinda tried to cheer Salena up.
"Don't get me wrong, I'm going to cheer for her too."
"Anything can happen in the ring. Let's just have faith in her. It's the best we can do for her." Said Hilda, who was more serious than she could ever be.
"Yeah, you guys are right, I'm sure something will come up in Lea's favor." Said Salena, who started to feel confident on Lea's victory. They all hear the announcement, saying that the match will start soon. They all started to send their good lucks to Lea, in hopes that she could win the match.
A staff member entered Lea's dressing room and told Lea to get ready to fight. After hearing that, Alonso and Fergus got up from a bench.
"All right, chica, let's go." Alonso started to head out of the room. Lea pounded her fists together and responded.
"Yeah!" Lea showed good energy, no longer bothered with doubts and the like. They all head to the ring, ready to face the brawler, Luisa Sanchez. Once they get to the arena, Lea was greeted with cheers from the audience. Some of them said how much they wanted to see her, how much they expect her to win by KO, and how much they want her to win the tournament. Lea's reputation seemed to go up faster with every KO victory, which was what most of the audience liked to see. She responded by rising a gloved fist and waved it to the crowd, still not used to the cheers. Luisa wasn't far behind, she had some supporters, who said around the same things that Lea was told. The difference was that some of them were of Mexican heritage. The boxers got into the ring, they were introduced by the announcer, and the referee called them to the middle of the ring to explain the rules. Both boxers were staring straight into each other's eyes, making many in the arena believe that they had a feud with each other, which wasn't true. They were trying to send a simple message: "I'm going to win."
Once the referee finished with the rules, both boxers headed to their respective corners, and waited for the bell to ring. Before that, their trainers tried to give advice to their boxers.
"Remember, chica, go in fast and get out fast, hit when you're sure you won't get hit. Above all else. Don't. Stop. Moving. Got it?" Alonso said to Lea.
"Got it." Responded Lea, who was given her mouthpiece and got ready to start at any time. In the other corner, Luisa received advice from George.
"She's another in-fighter, but don't underestimate her, she might have thought of something to give you a run for your money." George warned Luisa.
"Don't worry. I'm not going to fall so easily. Eventually, I will land a punch and end it quickly." Said Luisa, who put her mouthpiece on and mentally prepared herself for the match. After that, the seconds were told to leave the ring and the only ones in it were the boxers and the referee. The boxers faced each other from their respective corners, staring at each other, and thinking on how to start the match. There was no more time for thinking because the bell ringed.
Both boxers came out of their corners, Lea using the Peek-a-boo defense, while Luisa simply moved forward. Lea dashed towards Luisa, but stopped a few feet away from her when Lea noticed Luisa getting into her usual stance. They were both close to the center of the ring, staring at each other, waiting to see who would do the next move. Lea circled around Luisa, who easily followed Lea, not letting her out of sight. Lea kept trying, showing her new speed gained through training. It was futile because Luisa had no problem keeping track of Lea's movements. Even with the new level of speed, Lea was unable to out slide Luisa. However, Luisa didn't know if she would be fast enough to react when Lea decided to attack. Lea didn't find any way to get out of Hilda's sight, so she decided to stop and face Luisa head on. Luisa got ready to start exchanging punches, watching for the opportunity to attack. She didn't have to wait for long, Lea lowered herself  and rushed in. Luisa was prepared to throw a downward punch with the right. Lea quickly moved to Luisa's left and punched Luisa's liver with the left hand. Luisa felt the punch, but after taking the hit, she threw a left punch at Lea. Luisa's punch hit only air because Lea had already left even before Luisa threw the punch. After that, Lea started to slide in circles around Luisa, and Luisa kept her eyes on Lea.
"That was fast, faster than I thought, but speed won't be enough to bring me down." Thought Luisa, who was impressed, but she didn't let it show on her face.
"I knew it. My punch might be strong, but Luisa is resilient enough to endure and fight back." Thought Lea, who was been careful, knowing that a punch from Luisa could be dangerous and Lea didn't know if she would be able to resist it.
On Luisa's corner, George was surprised by such a quick in-fighter, and the fact that Lea was able to dodge the attack.
"That was completely unexpected! Specter was fast enough to dodge the punch and land one of her own on Luisa." Thought George, who looked at Luisa and he could see that Luisa wasn't showing signs of too much damage. Good, she was able to endure the attack. That was a nice try, Specter, but it will take more than that to bring Luisa down. On Lea's corner, things were a little calm.
"That was a good one, chica, keep at it. Don't rush it, pick your moments to attack carefully and you will win." Thought Alonso, and he knew that it was just the beginning.
Lea kept going in circles around Luisa while thinking of a plan against her. Lea tried to remember the videos of Luisa's matches, trying to find some clue. Unfortunately, Lea didn't find anything useful, especially since most of those fights ended in the first minute. After a while, Lea started to notice that Luisa was going to move. Lea prepared herself to avoid direct confrontation with Luisa, but Luisa didn't moved towards Lea. Instead, Luisa moved to the nearest corner, stood her ground, look straight at Lea, and beckoned her with the hand. Lea didn't move, but she knew what Luisa just did. Luisa moved to the corner to prevent Lea from circling around Luisa, and Lea knew that the only option left was to attack from the front. Luisa wasn't done yet, she also put up a defense that Lea hadn't seen before. Luisa crossed her arms in front of her, and everyone else knew that it was none other than the cross-arm block.
"I've no idea what that is, but I won't let it stop me." Thought Lea, who moved forward, and started to attack with left jabs from a distance. Lea kept throwing jab after jab, but none of them seemed to work. After a few more jabs, Lea started to throw a right straight, but Luisa was already ducking. Lea saw that just in time to stop her punch and move away. After Lea moved away, Luisa stood up, put back her cross-arm block, and waited. At that moment, Lea realized that been careful wasn't going to get her anywhere. "All right, you want me to fight you face to face? Then I'll fight you face to face!" Lea rushed in and stood in front of Luisa. Right after Lea did that, Luisa dropped her guard and put her brawler stance. Then, the entire audience went silent because they knew that fists would start flying at any moment.
Back in Lea's corner, Fergus was starting to panic, while Alonso looked calm about the situation.
"Coach, Specter shouldn't be taking such a direct approach, she should play it safe and attack from a distance." Said Fergus.
I don't think it would work for long. Luisa seems to be a very sharp boxer, it was just a matter of time before she found a way to force Lea into a direct attack. Said Alonso, who hoped that it wouldn't come to that, but on the inside, he knew that Lea would have to face Luisa. Chica, remember your training and don't give up.
One minute had passed, and none of the boxers had thrown a punch. They were just staring at each other, watching, waiting, thinking if they should attack or not. Then, Lea attacked with a right hook to Luisa's head, but Luisa ducked the punch. Luisa retaliated by throwing a right uppercut at Lea's chin, but Lea was fast enough to dodge the punch by leaning back. Lea went back into the in-fight without fear and hit Luisa's body with a left punch. Luisa ignored the damage and threw a left hook at Lea's head, but Lea used the right arm to block. Luisa landed the punch on Lea's guard and launched Lea's arm to the side.
"Holy crap! That's an insane punching power! No wonder she won all of her matches with a KO!" Thought Lea, who didn't have time to think on it because Luisa threw a right straight at Lea's head. Lea ducked the punch right on time and regained her balance before she threw a left uppercut at Luisa's chin. Luisa dodged by moving the head to the side and threw a left hook at Lea's head. Lea ducked the punch and retaliated with a right uppercut to Luisa's chin. The punch landed, but it was all part of Luisa's plan. Right after taking the uppercut, Luisa threw a right hook to Lea's face. Lea noticed it too late to dodge and took the punch, which turned her face to the side. Everyone in the audience thought that Lea was going to fall, but they were surprised when they saw Lea hit Luisa's liver with a left punch.
"She can take it?" Thought Luisa, who wasn't expecting that to happen because she won most of her fights with a single punch.
"I resisted the punch, I thought I was in trouble, but the training saved me." Thought Lea, whose discovery gave a boost to her morale. "All right, let's do this!" Lea continued her attack with new confidence.
Back on Lea's corner, the tension that the seconds were feeling was starting to leave.
"She resisted one of Luisa's punches. This must be the results of her training, right?" Said Fergus, who was glad to see Lea standing.
"Exactly, a strong lower body tends to give the ability to absorb more damage than normal. I knew she couldn't dodge all of Luisa's punches, so we had to get her the ability to absorb it. We are going to win this tournament, go without hesitation and you will reach victory." Thought Alonso. He spent most of his time to find a way to help Lea on this match. The results showed his dedication, not only to the match or to victory, but to make sure that the boxer came back in one piece. That was one of the biggest responsibilities of a coach.
The fight between those fierce boxers continued with Lea landing a right hook on Luisa's head. Luisa hit back with a left hook to Lea's head, but Lea hit back with a left hook to Luisa's liver. Then, Lea used the same arm to throw a left uppercut to Luisa's chin. Luisa hit back with a right hook to Lea's head, but Lea didn't stop and hit back with a right hook to Luisa's head. Then, Lea landed a left uppercut to Luisa's chin. Luisa attempted to hit back with a left hook, but Lea was ready for it and ducked the punch. Then, Lea threw a right uppercut at Luisa's chin, but Luisa dodged it by moving the head to the side. Unfortunately for Luisa, she wasn't fast enough to dodge the left hook that landed on her head. Lea continued with a right hook to Luisa's head, but Luisa made it into a simultaneous exchange by throwing a right hook of her own. The audience was so amazed by such a fierce fight, that they started to cheer for both boxers. Lea was about to throw a left hook, but she noticed that Luisa was about to do the same thing. Lea stopped her hook and ducked Luisa's punch. After that, Lea remained low and started to focus her attack on Luisa's body. Lea landed a right punch on Luisa's body. Luisa used both arms to push Lea away, but Lea took that chance to land a left uppercut on Luisa's chin. Lea continued to attack by landing a right hook on Luisa's head, but after taking the hit, Luisa hit back with a left hook to Lea's head. Lea threw a left hook, and after landing the punch on Luisa's head, Luisa hit back with a right hook to Lea's head. Lea threw another hook, but Luisa decided to duck the punch and land a right punch on Lea's body.
On Luisa's corner, George kept watching the fight with a serious expression.
I'm a little surprised that Specter was able to resist that many punches from Luisa, but it doesn't matter. Luisa has more punching power and resilience than Specter. If things continue like this, then we will win. Thought George, who had seen Luisa take many punches in her career and no one had been able to take her down. On Lea's corner, they were surprised to see Luisa take that many punches and still standing.
I know that brawlers posses tremendous resilience, but this is just ridiculous. Thought Alonso, who hoped that it won't get worse.
Two minutes had passed, and none of them seem to gain the upper hand on the other. Lea threw a left hook at Luisa's liver, but Luisa threw a right hook at Lea's head, which made it into a simultaneous exchange. Lea continued with a right hook to Luisa's head, followed by a left uppercut to Luisa's chin. After taking the punches, Luisa landed a left hook to Lea's head. Then, Luisa threw a right hook, which Lea ducked. After ducking the last punch, Lea backed away from Luisa. After that, they suddenly stopped punching, which surprised the audience.
"What should I do next? Keep fighting like this? She must be hurting after all that, she must have slowed down, but can I rely on that? Is it enough to defeat her? No, I can't think like that, I have to keep fighting, I have to keep punching!" Thought Lea.
"I'm surprised that you've lasted this long, but it won't matter because I'm going to win!" Thought Luisa, who was sure that she would endure more than Lea. Luisa had survived worse things in the street than in the ring. Lea went back to Luisa and started to attack with a left uppercut to Luisa's chin, but Luisa dodged by moving the head to the side. Luisa attempted to hit Lea with a left hook, but Lea blocked it with the right shoulder. After that, Lea hit Luisa's chin with a left uppercut and continued with a right hook to Luisa's head. Luisa tried to fight back with a left hook, but Lea expected that and ducked the punch. Lea didn't let up and landed a left hook on Luisa's liver. Luisa feinted a left hook, which made Lea duck. After fooling Lea, Luisa threw a right hook at Lea's head while Lea threw a right hook at Luisa's body. As everyone expected, it turned into another simultaneous exchange.
In the audience, Lea's friends were watching the ferocious exchange of punches, and they didn't know who was having the upper hand. That didn't stop them from cheering for Lea, but Alinda and Salena didn't notice the serious expression on Hilda's face.
"Man, things are starting to heat up. I simply can't take my eyes off of this match." Said Salena, who could feel the intensity of the match.
"I agree. This is the first time that I have seen something like this." Responded Alinda, but in her opinion, she would have preferred a more tactical match. Hilda had other thoughts in mind, but preferred not to say it because she was hoping that her thoughts were wrong.
Lea continued with a left uppercut to Luisa's chin, which Luisa dodged by moving the head to the side. Luisa changed her pattern of attack and threw a left uppercut at Lea's chin. Lea also dodged by moving her head to the side and landed a right hook on Luisa's head. After that, Lea expected another hook, but Luisa decided to throw a right hook at Lea's body. Since Lea wasn't expecting that, the punch landed without problem. The punch caused more damage than normal and it stunned Lea for a moment.
"About time you stopped throwing punches at me. Now, let me return the favor!" Thought Luisa, who took the opportunity to land a left uppercut on Lea's chin, which forced Lea to back away from Luisa. Luisa didn't stop there and charged in. Once Luisa got to her punching range, she threw a right straight at Lea, who recovered fast enough to put her Peek-a-boo guard. The punch broke through the guard and landed on Lea's face. Lea was pushed back again and Luisa rushed in with a left straight. Lea was prepared for it and ducked the punch. Then, she quickly moved into her preferred range and landed a right hook on Luisa's body. Luisa attempted a right hook, but Lea had the space to move to Luisa's left and land a right punch on Luisa's body. Right after that, Luisa realized that she needed to head back to the corner, but Lea wasn't going to allow that. Lea quickly moved to Luisa's side and started to throw punches at Luisa's body. That forced Luisa to change directions, and once she was far enough from the corner, Lea started to target Luisa's head. Lea would have continued with her attack, but the referee got between them at the sound of the bell. After that, the referee ordered both boxers to their corners, which they obeyed without complain.
Lea reached her corner and sat down on the stool. As soon as Lea sat down, her seconds started to check Lea's condition.
"You did well. I wasn't expecting Luisa from moving straight to the corner and we should expect the same thing in the next round. With that in mind, I want you to get in another in-fight against her, but this time, throw as many punches as you can. So many punches that she won't be able to fight back, got it?" Said Alonso. He didn't know if it would work, but it was the best he could do at the moment. Lea had a different opinion.
"Is that going to be enough? Can I do damage to her with that?" Asked Lea, and the seconds could hear doubt in Lea's voice.
"What are you saying, chica? Even the toughest boxer has their limits, and you know it." Lea didn't respond and looked down. "Listen, chica, one of the worst things for a boxer to have is doubt. Do not doubt your training, but most importantly, do not doubt yourself." Alonso could understand the feeling, but it won't help Lea if she kept thinking about it.
"Yeah, okay, coach." It had the desired effect. Lea looked back to Alonso, showing with her eyes that she didn't have any doubts.
"Good, don't lose hope. Persevere and you will find victory, got that?"
"Yeah, you're right. I can't give up here, I'll keep fighting, even if my tail stops moving, even if my arms stop moving, I'll keep fighting."
"Good, bien dicho. I wish I could tell her something that could actually help her in this match, but I just don't know what. It all depends on you, chica."
On the other corner, things were different.
"That in-fighter is giving you a run for your money, especially when she kept you from reaching the corner." Said George. He knew that Luisa wouldn't do well in open space, but he didn't worry about Luisa falling.
"You're right, I wasn't expecting her to do something like that, but I don't think that it would have mattered that much." Said Luisa. She could have some problems if she fought Lea in the open, but Luisa was confident that she would have endured everything.
"More importantly, what's your condition?"
"I'm a little sore from all of those punches, but I don't think is anything to worry about. Luisa never told George, but there was a time when she took a pipe to the head. She survived the hit and knocked out the person that used the pipe on her.
"That's good to hear. Just stay on the corner and keep piling the damage on Specter. We can expect her to reach her limit in the later rounds." After George said that, Luisa only nodded in response and used the remaining minute to rest as much as possible.
In the audience, Lea's friends were looking at Lea and started to wonder if everything was going well or not.
"It's too hard to tell who was the superior one in the last round, but I did notice that Lea landed more punches than Luisa." Said Alinda.
"She sure did, but I'm more surprised that Luisa was able to take all of them and continue fighting." Said Salena.
"I agree, but if Lea doesn't think of something to take her down, she might lose the fight." Said Hilda, which got the attention of Alinda and Salena. When they looked at Hilda, they noticed the serious expression on Hilda's face.
"It looked like she was doing well on her own." Said Alinda.
"Exactly, it looked like it, but it won't be enough."
"What are you talking about?" Asked Salena.
"Brawlers rely on tremendous brute strength to defeat their opponents, but they also have the toughness to endure the worst punishment. We can say that a punch from Luisa is the same as 2 punches from Lea." Explained Hilda.
"So, you're saying that Lea might lose in the latter rounds? That can't be right. Lea is very strong, so she might be able to last the entire match." Salena didn't want to admit that Lea could lose.
"All we can do is hope that Lea can win this." That was all that Hilda responded. After that, they all went silent and looked back at Lea, praying that she can come out on top. The seconds were ordered out of the ring and the boxers put on their mouthpiece. They got up from their stools and waited for the bell to ring.

Chapter 12: It All Comes To This
The battle between Lea and Luisa continued in the second round. Just like in the first round, Lea and Luisa fought evenly in the corner. Lea attempted to prevent Luisa from attacking by throwing a barrage of punches. Unfortunately, Luisa didn't let it stop her and continued to fight back, even when she took a direct hit on the face. That lasted for the duration of the entire second round, and at the sound of the bell, both boxers were sent to their respective corners. Once Lea reached her corner, her seconds could see that swelling was starting to show on her face. After seeing Lea's condition, Alonso was about to try to cheer her up, but he could see that Lea was still determined to continue the match. Alonso was glad for it and gave whatever advice he could give. Unfortunately, Alonso didn't know what else to say, except to continue on their previous plan. Luisa was a completely different case. Her corner was surprised that Lea continued to fight face to face against Luisa, but the surprise didn't last for long. Luisa might have taken a lot of punches, but she was still capable enough to continue the match. The third round went completely different. After a minute into the round, Lea started to show signs of exhaustion. Thirty seconds later, Luisa started to dominate the match, and it took her another thirty seconds to land a right straight on Lea's face.
Two minutes have passed, but time had slowed down for Lea. Her consciousness was very close to leave her. After so many hits, Lea dropped her guard momentarily and was punched with a left straight square to her face. The punch sent her head back, her eyes looking at the ceiling. At that moment, Lea's consciousness was off. She could only hear voices and see old memories in her head.
"The most powerful punches, start from the legs, or tail in your case." Alonso's words were in Lea's head. Luisa threw a right straight, but Lea dodged it by moving her head to the side. Lea dodged out of instinct, even if her mind wasn't entirely in the match. An image appeared in Lea's head, which was about a thing been thrown to Hilda. It wasn't the item that got Lea's attention, it was the action. Luisa threw a left straight and hit Lea in the face, which caused Lea to be pushed to the ropes. That caused another image to appear in Lea's head. It was something small and it was in the air, but Lea couldn't see it clearly.
"What is that? It looks like" Thought Lea, who tried to focus on the item and it took her a moment to see it. It was a frisbee flying in mid-air. "A frisbee? Why am I?" Suddenly, she heard a voice.
"Catch it." Lea heard a child's voice. "Catch the frisbee." Said the voice again, which made Lea remember the time when she played with the kids and with Julie. Lea saw the Frisbee right in front of her and she also saw Julie trying to catch it. In an attempt to beat Julie, Lea reached for the frisbee. In reality, she was doing something different. Luisa was throwing a right straight at Lea, but Lea suddenly countered by throwing a right straight at Luisa's face. Lea was still unconscious, so she didn't know what she was doing. The punch made Luisa back away because the counter caused her a lot of damage.
"W-where did that come from? I thought she was nearly beaten. Where did that punch come from?" Thought Luisa, who was still at a loss because she wasn't expecting a punch from an unconscious boxer. Luisa hadn't recover from that counter, so she kept her distance from Lea.
Back in the audience, Lea's friends were caught by surprise. They thought that Lea was going down, but she managed to land a counter on Luisa.
"Way to go, keep at it!" Cheered Salena.
"Amazing, I didn't expect Lea to have enough stamina to throw a counter, especially at a moment like that." Said Alinda.
"She must have thrown it out of instinct. Lea probably doesn't realize it herself. Not after taking that kind of punishment." Informed Hilda with a serious face, but she was glad to see that Lea still had some fight in her.
"Then, it must have been a miracle that she landed that punch." Alinda didnt knew how else to explain it.
"Yeah, and I hope that there are more miracles, or Lea might lose the match." Hilda didn't see a way out of that predicament, but refused to give up hope on Lea.
Lea was still half-conscious when she threw that punch, but she started to recover.
"They stopped, why did they stop? What happened?" Thought Lea, whose consciousness was returning. Then, she noticed Luisa keeping distance and looking more guarded than before. "Why is she so far? Did I do something?" Lea wasn't trying to hide her confusion, and Luisa noticed that.
"What's going on? She looks confused. Wait, does that mean that she threw that punch without thinking? Then, what am I doing so far away from her? I have to attack before she gets her bearings!" Thought Luisa and rushed in, which caused Lea to prepare herself for the attack. Luisa attacked with a right straight, which Lea ducked. Luisa didn't stop there and continued to throw a barrage of punches, but none of them was landing. Lea made it hard to hit her because she started to weave around while keeping her peek-a-boo guard.
"What was with those memories? What do they have in common? Am I getting to something?" It was hard for Lea to think about it, especially when she had to focus on dodging all of Luisa's punches. Lea didn't even attempted to land a single punch on Luisa, knowing that it wouldn't stop her. Luisa attempted to blow the guard with a big punch, but Lea used it to escape from the ropes. Unfortunately, Lea doesn't go far because she was still recovering from losing consciousness. Lea used the small moment of peace to think about the memories in her head. It didn't take long for Luisa to catch up to Lea and interrupt her thoughts with a barrage of punches. "Dammit, I almost got it. I just need time to think clearly." Lea's wish was granted because the bell ringed and the referee stopped the boxers.
The third round was over and both boxers headed to their corners.
"I almost had her, if she hadn't run away I would've had her. No matter, there's no way I'm going to lose, the next round is where I'll finish it." Thought Luisa out of frustration as she arrived to her corner. Lea arrived to her corner, but she dropped to the stool, and the seconds didn't like that. Lea was severely damaged and tired. To make it worse, her face was bloodied from the nose, mouth, and the left eye was swollen shut.
"This is bad, Lea might not survive the next round, and considering how it looked in the previous one, she might lose by points. Chica, what do you think? Do you want to call it quits?" Asked Alonso, who was worried for Lea's safety, but he noticed something on Lea's face. He could see that Lea was thinking on something. "What is it? You got something on your mind?"
"I'm not sure. All that I remember are little things." Answered Lea, who was deep in thought.
"Like what?"
"Well, one is what you said, about punches coming from the tail. Then, I remember a bottle been thrown to Hilda. Then" That was the part where Lea started to think harder.
"Then what?" Alonso wasn't completely sure where Lea was getting to.
"Trying to catch a frisbee. I remembered that when I lost some of my consciousness."
"A Frisbee? More like hitting with a right straight. I don't know if you were punched too many times or just going crazy." That information got Lea's attention.
"Wait, I punched with a right straight?"
"Yeah, you don't remember, huh? Luisa was throwing a right straight, but you countered with a right straight of your own." After hearing that from Alonso, something dawned on Lea's head. Her mind started to put everything together, which took only moments to do. Lea put a new attack on her mind, which was a simple thing, but it might be enough to defeat Luisa. Alonso could see that on Lea's face. "You got something, didn't you?"
"Yeah, I just thought of it. I don't know if it will work, but at this point, I'm willing to try anything."
"Well, now is the time to put it to the test."
"Yeah. The next round is where everything is going to end." Lea had to finish it in the next round and quickly because she was close to reaching her limit. Luisa's corner was in a better mood than in Lea's corner.
"That was a good round, you we're definitely in control of it. The next one is going to be the decisive round, I'm sure of it." Said George, who was confident of a victory.
"Yeah, but that counter actually hurt. I didn't expect an attack like that from her." Said Luisa, whose damage wasn't visible, but she was also bleeding in certain areas and swelling was visible on her face. Other than that, Luisa could keep fighting.
"I agree, but it must have been out of desperation, it won't come again. How are you feeling? Do you still feel the effects of the counter?"
"No, I'm alright now. I should be ready by the time the next round starts."
"Glad to hear that. For the next round, do not let Specter rest. Just focus on the attack and you should be the victor." George preferred winning by KO because he knew that decisions couldn't be trusted.
"All right, I understand how unreliable the judges can be sometimes. I'll make sure to end it in the next round. It's for the best, any longer and it would turn ugly. I give my respects to you, Specter, you're the first of my opponents to have made me come this far. For that, I'll make sure to give you a quick end." Both boxers spent the rest of the minute to rest and plan their attacks. The seconds were doing their best to close any wounds and help their boxers recover. The minute ended and the announcer ordered the seconds to leave the ring. Lea got up from the stool and put her mouthpiece on.
"Did you finish it?" Asked Alonso.
"Yeah." Answered Lea.
"All right, good luck, chica."
"Thanks, coach." All the seconds left the ring, leaving only the referee and the boxers. The air had become heavy in the arena. No one in the audience knew who was going to make the first move, but they knew that the match was going to end with a KO. Both boxers prepared themselves for anything in the next round and waited for the bell. They didn't have to wait long because the bell ringed.
Luisa came out of her corner and started to slowly head towards Lea. Luisa wanted to see where Lea was going to move, so that Luisa could trap Lea and finish her off. Lea also came out of her corner and put her usual Peek-a-boo guard. After leaving enough space between her and the corner, she stopped and kept her position. What got Alonso's attention, was Lea pulling her tail forward and putting it in a tight zigzag pattern. Lea was prepared to unleash her new attack. She was just waiting for Luisa to be at punching distance. Luisa was moving slowly, but she noticed something different in Lea, but Luisa wasn't quite sure what it was. Either way, she kept moving forward, reached the center of the ring, and stopped. Lea couldn't move too fast with her tail in that pattern, but she could still move and she did. Lea came closer and closer to Luisa, and stopped.
"This is it. This is the distance, this is the moment of truth, and it all comes to this last punch. I hope that's enough." Thought Lea.
"What's going on with Specter? She's been too slow, is she planning something? I better be ready for anything." Thought Luisa. She started to concentrate and waited to see what Lea was going to do. Luisa didn't have to wait long because Lea unleashed her move. Without warning, Lea launched herself towards Luisa, which caught Luisa by surprise. Luisa tried to move, but Lea was going too fast. Lea landed a right straight on Luisa's face. The punch was strong enough to force Luisa to move back. Lea felt the feedback and believed that it was enough to hurt Luisa, no matter how tough she was. To Lea's surprise, Luisa didn't fall. She recovered her balance and kept standing.
"I-I don't believe it. That was my best punch, I felt it." Lea started to lose confidence. She put her hopes in that one punch, but it seem to have failed. After taking the punch, Luisa look straight at Lea. She was expecting Luisa to try to end what was left of Lea, but it didn't happen. Luisa just stood there looking at Lea, which got the referee's attention. The referee told Lea to stop and inspected Luisa, which didn't take long. The referee put his arms in the air and crossed them. The bell ringed, which declared the end of the match. Lea let her mouth hang open because she couldn't believe what just happened.
Alonso and Fergus got into the ring and headed towards Lea, who was breathing heavily.
"So that was your new attack, pull the tail as close as possible. Then, use the entire strength of the tail to launch yourself forward, creating higher acceleration, force, and adding your entire weight in your punch. A simple, yet effective attack. Not even Luisa could have endured such a heavy punch." Said Alonso, who was surprised by the new attack. After Alonso said that, Lea started to collapse, but Alonso caught her and put her right arm around his shoulders. "Whoa, careful there."
"Did I win?" Asked Lea. "Did I actually win the match? Really?"
"Yeah, you did it, chica. You won the match, look." Alonso pointed at Luisa. Lea took a look and saw Luisa been carried away by her seconds.
"So, I really won."
"Yup, can you slide?" Lea checked her tail by moving it a little bit.
"Yeah, I should be able to move around on my own."
"All right, let's go." At Alonso's order, everyone left the ring under the applause of the audience, congratulating such a tremendous fight between those two boxers.
Hilda, Alinda, and Salena were amazed by what just happened. They didn't expect Lea to use a new attack to win the match.
"That was an interesting Sunday Punch." Said Hilda with a smile on her face.
"I don't know about that been a Sunday Punch, but I'm glad that she won." Said Alinda, who felt her anxiety leave her body.
"But that was so awesome! She just launched herself, punched her, and won with a KO! A KO against Luisa!" Said Salena with wonder in her eyes.
"We should put a name to it." Said Hilda as if it was a duty.
"Like what?" Asked Alinda.
"How about, Super Punch?" Suggested Salena.
"Doesn't sound right, how about the Tornado Punch?" Suggested Alinda.
"Doesn't look like one." Said Hilda and returned to her deep thoughts. They all start to think about the form, the effect, anything that could give them a good name. "Wait, I got it! How about 'Spear Strike'?" Salena and Alinda start thinking about that name. After thinking for a few moments, they accepted the name.
"Spear Strike it is." Said Alinda.
"AndIt sounds cool." Said Salena.
"Well, let's go and see Lea." After Hilda said that, they all got up from their seats and start heading straight to Lea.
Lea was resting in the medical room. She was waiting for a medical staff to check her up for any dangerous injuries and heal any minor injury. The doctor arrived and started to examine Lea. While the doctor was giving Lea an examination, Hilda and the rest entered the room. They entered right on time to see the doctor patching Lea and announce that she was ready to leave at any moment. After that, Lea and her friends went to the locker room, so that she could change back into her street clothes. Lea entered the locker room, while her friends waited outside. Once Lea was done changing, she got out of the locker room and found that Alonso and Fergus were waiting with Lea's friends. With no other business in the building, Lea's group started to head for the exit. On the way, Hilda, Alinda, and Salena announced the new name for Lea's attack.
"So, we named Lea's attack, Spear Strike." Said Hilda.
"Hmm, it has a good ring to it." Said Alonso.
"I agree. It really suits the way the attack looks." Said Lea, who was thankful that she didn't need to think of a name for it.
"Doesn't it?" Asked Salena, who was glad that everyone liked it. After Salena said that, Lea stopped suddenly and said.
"Oh, uh, can you guys wait for me outside? I got to use the restroom."
"All right, don't take too long." Said Alonso and the group continued on their to leave the building, while Lea went straight to the restroom. Along the way, Lea bumped with an unexpected person.
"Luisa?!"
"Oh, Specter, hey there." Greeted Luisa with a smile.
"Um, hey, h-how are you feeling?" Lea started to feel awkward by meeting the person that she just fought.
"Me? I'm fine, nothing serious with me, but you can never be too sure." Luisa didn't sound worried.
"Y-yeah." Luisa could see that Lea was been too timid with her.
What's with that answer? Feeling bad that you defeated me?"
"Well"
"Don't worry about it. I can't say that I feel happy about the result, but I don't have anything against you. It was a fair match, plain and simple."
"O-okay. So, you're heading home?"
"Yup, someone is waiting for me back home, so I can't take too long." Luisa smiled after thinking about the person who was waiting for her.
"Oh, then, have a good night."
"You too." Luisa started to leave, but stopped and turned towards Lea. "I justI want you to do me a favor." Lea could hear some seriousness in Luisa's tone.
"Uh, yeah, of course."
"Don't lose."
"Huh?" Lea didnt expected that.
"Hey, if you lose in the next match, is going to really hurt. If you keep winning, I can feel better about losing against you. So, keep winning, okay?" Asked Luisa with a friendly smile.
"Y-yeah, I won't lose." Luisa could see that Lea never thought of that.
"Well, take care." Luisa turned around and continued to leave the building. Lea kept looking at Luisa's back, but she remembered that she needed to use the restroom and headed straight to it.
Luisa was on her way back home. While on the way, she started to think about what to do. Luisa knew that she couldn't use the excuse that she was naturally made for light heavyweight, not middleweight. She thought of starting from a lower weight division and she didn't regret her choice. With that loss, Luisa decided to move to the light heavyweight division. With that issue over, all Luisa had to think about was an excuse as to why she had a broken nose. The swelling was going to take a while to go down, so she couldn't hide it. Either way, she was sure to come up with something, probably work related or something else.
The next day, Lea was ordered to take a few days off, so that she could recover from the injuries sustained in the previous match. Also, to go and get a doctor to check her for any brain damage, since she took many blows to the head. Lea did that in the morning because she didn't have anything special to do and wanted get it out of the way. Lea went to the doctor, got checked up, and informed that she showed no signs of brain damage. After Lea was done with that, she headed back to the gym. Lea entered the gym and heard some heavy punches, which got her attention.
"What's with those sounds? They're really loud to be normal." Lea looked around and found Hilda punching the bag. Lea wondered if there was something wrong with Hilda. Lea looked around, found Salena doing some weights, and headed straight to her. "Hey, Salena."
"Oh, hey, Lea. What's up?" Greeted Salena with her usual cheerfulness.
"Is something wrong with Hilda?" Asked Lea with worry in her voice.
"Not really, why do you ask?"
"Can't you hear her punches? I think I could hear them all the way to my apartment."
"Oh, that, she's more than okay, she only gets like that when she has a match."
"A match? She has a match?" Lea didn't remember the last time that Hilda had a match.
"Yeah, I think she received the news a few hours ago."
"No wonder shes going at it with that much enthusiasm."
"Well, Ive seen her train before, but I dont remember Hilda go at it like that."
"Do you think that there might be something important about this match?"
"That could be a good reason, but I know that Hilda is going to win in any case."
"Me too. Well, if nothing's wrong, I'll head back to my apartment." Lea was relieved after hearing that explanation.
"Oh, hey, how did it go with the doctor? Is everything okay?"
"Yeah, nothing serious. The doctor said that I should just rest for a few days and I'll be as good as new."
"Cool, then I won't keep you. I hope you feel better tomorrow."
"Thanks, good luck in your training." With that said, Lea went to her apartment and Salena continued with her training. The day went by and Lea spent it resting.
After a few days, Lea was fully recovered and ready to go back to work. The next day, Lea was working in the gym, until she was greeted by Hilda.
"Hey, lass." Greeted Hilda with a wave of her hand.
"Oh, good morning, Hilda." Greeted Lea with a smile.
"How are you doing today?"
"I feel better after a few days of rest."
"Good to hear that, sorry I haven't talk much. I've beenkind of out of it." Hilda felt a little guilty.
"Oh no, don't worry about it, everything is okay."
"Great, and guess what, I have some news of my own." Lea could see that it was something wonderful for Hilda.
"About your match, right? Salena told me you got a match coming up. I wish you the best of luck."
"Well, that wasn't exactly it, but since you bring it up, I'm going to explain something about this match."
"Explain what?"
"Well, if I win this match, I'll be the next MSNABF (Multi-Species North American Boxing Federation) champion."
"Really? That's amazing!"
"Says the one who was a world champion." Said Hilda with playful sarcasm, but Lea took it seriously and started to feel bad about it.
"Uh, noThat's not-"
"I'm just messing with you, don't worry about it. Just you wait, lass, I'll be the next world champion." Lea was glad to know that Hilda wasn't offended.
"I'm sure you'll succeed."
"Count on it. Well, I better go and do my workouts. I have to be ready for my next match." Lea could see that Hilda was motivated.
"Okay." With that, they both return to what they were doing. Lea continued with her work in the gym, and then, she was called by Alonso.
"Chica, come to my office." Ordered Alonso from the door of his office.
"Okay." Said Lea. Then, she stopped what she was doing and headed to the office. Once she got inside, she could see Alonso seated behind his desk. Alfred wasn't around that time, so she slid in front of Alonso and waited for him to talk.
"We have found information on your next opponent." Said Alonso with complete seriousness.
"Really? Who is it?" Asked Lea.
"Her name is Karen Carter, with 4 victories, all KO, and no defeats. She's an in-fighter, if we can actually call it that."
"What do you mean?"
"Well, I think it would be best to show you, instead of just telling you." Alonso picked up the remote and started the DVD in the TV.
The DVD started by showing the entire ring. Then, the camera focused on a Lamia, who surprised Lea. The Lamia had such a beautiful face. Her skin was a pale white, but not the type that Lea had seen before. The Lamia's skin was maintained carefully, like a model, and her hair was a beautiful golden blond, picked up in a bun. Considering the bun, her hair might be back-length, and some strands of hair appear to have a wavy look on them. Her eyes were amber, a little close to the color of her hair. Lea had never seen a Lamia like her and cannot believe that someone like her would pick boxing of all the sports out there.
"Coach, is she really a boxer? It's justhard to believe." Said Lea, who was having a hard time believing that a boxer like that existed.
"You're going to be reminded that looks aren't everything in boxing." After Alonso said that, Lea simply continued to watching the match. Karen's opponent had olive skin tone, dark brown eyes, and brown hair. It was obvious that she had built a strong body. Karen was completely different, her body wasn't showing that much muscle. The bell ringed and both boxers came out of their corners. Something caught Lea's attention, which was Karen's stance. Karen's opponent was throwing jabs, showing her out-boxing style, but they were easily avoided. Karen's movement were fluid and graceful, something that could catch the eyes of anyone watching. Karen quickly followed the return of the jab and entered in an in-fight distance, which was a troublesome distance for an out-boxer. Karen's opponent tried to create distance, but she wasn't allowed by something completely unexpected. Karen started to move differently, moves that weren't usual in a boxing match, and started attacking with strange punches. She used uppercuts and hooks, but the movements seemed different. Her opponent kept her eyes on Karen and didn't see the right hand coming to the side of the opponent's head. The punch landed and the opponent tried to attack with a left jab. Karen dodged by turning left and bending back to an unbelievable angle. Then, Karen attacked with a right uppercut to the opponent's chin. Another clean hit, but that was a good opportunity for the opponent to attack, especially since Karen bent to an angle that was difficult to recover from. The opponent attacked with a downward right, aiming at Karen's face, but Karen did another unexpected move. Karen spun in that position, stood upright, and punched the opponent with a left hook to her head. The attack made the opponent go down, the referee stopped Karen, and sent her to a neutral corner. The referee checked the downed boxer, taking only a few moments to declare the match over and Karen the victor.
The office was quiet, except for the TV still playing the DVD of the match. Lea's expression wasnt one of shock or surprise, but confusion.
"Without a doubt, that was a very strange way to in-fight, but here are the results of the match." Said Alonso, who wasn't showing any surprise because he already saw the video.
"She won the match with only three hits, and those moves. Where did she learn that?" Asked Lea.
"Well, there's a little story behind that. As far as Alfred managed to find out about her, she was a previous dancer. Of what type, we don't know, but she left dancing for some reason and picked up boxing. Ever since then, Karen had been winning."
"Wait, so she's basically" Lea couldn't believe what she was about to say.
"That's right. She's using dancing moves to fight. This is the first time I hear, and actually see, such a thing. I don't want to make you nervous, but I'm not so sure how to handle this one."
"No matter, I'm not giving up after getting this far." Lea was determined to win.
"My thoughts are exactly the same, we'll think of something later. For now, focus on the basics, your match will be in two months."
"All right, I'm ready for this." Lea's confidence didn't wavered. With hard work and good thinking, she was sure to find some way to defeat that deadly dancer of the ring.

Chapter 13: Searching for Passion
A week had passed since Lea watched Karen's match, and no one had been able to find a clue on how to defeat Karen. Her style was so out of the normal standard, that not even Alonso knew how to deal with her. Lea had watched the videos over and over, but couldn't find anything. Also, Lea had been wondering about why Karen left dancing.
"Was she tired of it? Then, why pick something so dangerous?" Thought Lea, but decided to drop it because it wouldn't help her in the upcoming match. While lifting weights, she was approached by Alonso, which made Lea stop with her exercises. Lea was about to put the weights down, but was stopped by Alonso.
"You don't need to stop." Said Alonso and Lea continued with the weights. "Now, I have been thinking about your next opponent and I have thought of something that could help you." That got Lea's attention.
"Really, what is it?" Lea was willing to do anything at that moment.
"Well, the only thing I could think of is that you get the pace as soon as you can." Alonso hoped to say more, but that was it.
"What do you mean? Do I just go and start attacking?"
"Is pretty much the best we can hope for. She's fighting in such an unorthodox way that makes my experience pretty useless."
"I see. So that's why you want me to beat her to the punch."
"Exactly, getting the pace is very crucial in any match, especially in this one. So, keep training the tail, and we're going to add exercises for the back muscles."
"My back? Why?"
"The back muscles help you recover your punches. If you recover your punches faster, then you can keep throwing them over and over. If we are lucky, then at least one of them would land on her"
"I see. I'll do my best."
"I know you will, you always do, chica." That was one of the things that Alonso liked about Lea. After Alonso said that, he instructed Lea on how to train the back muscles and left her to it.
In another gym, there was music playing from a small stereo on the floor. Close to the stereo, there was a speed bag that was been punched around by a Lamia. Every hit and dodge followed the music from the stereo. A beat went, and the bag was punched, another beat went and it was dodged, she punched and dodged according to the music. Moving as if she was dancing with the bag, but this was no ordinary dance. The aim of the movements was to cause damage while avoiding damage. What was easy to see from up close, was that she moved by spinning around, like in ballet or in waltz. She used which ever she needed to dodge any type of attack. The Lamia's movements were mesmerizing and got the attention of many members of the boxing gym. From both male and female, human and inter-species people. That was kind of a problem, since it was distracting them from their workouts. However, it was something minor, so it was welcomed.
"Hey, Karen, you're moving more lively than usual, feel like sharing?" Said a voice behind the Karen, which made her turn around to see the person face to face.
"Oh, good day, coach." Karen greeted the female Sphinx in front of her with an elegant smile. The Sphinx had dark brown skin, back-length black hair in a ponytail, and green eyes.
The Sphinxes could be considered a type of Werecat, but they didn't share the characteristics of any cat. Sphinxes were half-human, half-lion. They had lion ears on top of their heads, tail, and eyes. The easiest way to tell who was female and who was male, was that the males had some kind of mane around their heads, while the female lack any type of mane. They also shared the fur that covered their hands to their elbows and from their feet to their knees. As much as they were majestic looking creatures, they were also dangerous, possessing the strength of a lion, and the sharp claws in their hands. That was what separated them from the Werecats, who lacked claws, but the Sphinxes lacked the Werecats flexibility and agility. In ancient times, the Sphinxes were revered in Egypt as benevolent entities that protected temples and tombs. In Greece, they were considered monsters that would eat a person if the person didn't answer a riddle, which was wrong. They lived close to temples because they thought that no one would go to an abandoned temple or the tomb of someone already dead. Also, they used riddles to keep any potential spy or enemy from their settlements. They created riddles for themselves as passwords to enter their settlements. In modern times, they were normal citizens who have spread out throughout the world and have entered in many fields. Surprisingly enough, some preferred security jobs because of their physical capabilities and, who many believed, their instinct to be a 'guardian'.
"Does it really look like that?" Asked Karen, who was too focused to notice.
"It does, is it because of your opponent?" Asked the Sphinx.
"Probably. Compared to my other opponents, there's something different in her, something that the others didn't have."
"Let me guess, 'passion'." The Sphinx made quotation marks with her hands.
"They all had passion, the passion that I seek, but her passion is different. It's not just for the sport, but there's something else, I can feel it every time I see one of her matches."
"Then I don't need to worry about you underestimating her, especially after she defeated Luisa." The Sphinx had seen the videos and she could tell that Lea's punches have insane power.
"Indeed, a boxer that could defeat such a resilient boxer, will surely put a marvelous performance. You have my deepest gratitude, Ruth. You have given me the chance to dance with such a splendid partner." Responded Karen with excitement in her voice. After Karen said that, she returned to working on the speed bag. The Sphinx decided not to disturb Karen any longer and left her working on the speed bag.
"I don't know if she notice, but she can get a little scary when she talks like that." Ruth still considered it crazy for someone like Karen to be looking for passion in such a brutal sport.
It had been a year since Karen started training, but she did something different before becoming a boxer. Karen was a renowned dancer of many types of dances, from Waltz to Tango. She even danced with different dance partners, both male and female, which made many wonder if she was bisexual. Karen answered by saying that she loved people who had passion. Over time, she won many competitions in many cities and countries. One day, she decided to quit dancing, feeling that there was no passion for the art of dancing. All the competition and the people, especially the people, were taking the passion away from the art, so she decided to leave it. Weeks passed and Karen lived a normal life, enjoying some peace and quiet with the money she had won over her career as a dancer. One day, she was watching the TV and, by accident, put a channel that was showing a boxing match. Karen was about to change the channel, but considering that she had nothing better to see, she might as well see what it was all about. By coincidence, it was a title match and Karen was watching the start of it. Karen didn't know anything about boxing, but as she was watching, it started to get her full attention. It was the passion that the boxers were showing, their passion towards the belt, the passion that they put in each punch. It had been a while since Karen had felt something like that and decided to give it a try.
When Karen started boxing, it came as a shock because no one expected a previous dancer to enter the brutal world of boxing. Many tried to dissuade Karen, but she kept going on her search for passion. Many gyms didn't want to take her in because they thought that a dancer wouldn't last long in the ring. Ruth was the only one who took Karen and trained her. In her debut match, Karen blew away any doubt about her skills as a boxer. She used her dancing moves to dodge and attack in angles that no one expected. With every victory, Karen started gaining the reputation as the most graceful boxer, and she also earned the nickname of 'The Dancing Fist'. That rising popularity was making many boxing gyms regret not taking her in when they had the chance.
After so many opponents, Karen was going to fight one of the most intriguing opponents she ever had. A fighter with a passion that no fighter had shown her before: Specter.
"I can't wait, I really can't' wait for our match, it would be one of the best performances that I have ever been part of. Do not disappoint me, Specter, because I'll be ready for you." The excitement was getting hard to resist for Karen and she punched the speed bag with all the strength that she had.
Another week had gone by and Lea had kept her training. She managed to increase the strength in the back muscles and the tail, which was the main part of her body that the Spear Strike relied on. Lea had been watching the videos over and over about Karen's match, but she couldn't find anything useful.
"How can I beat her? She's obviously an in-fighter, but she seems to be used to moving around the opponent. And those spinning and turning moves are going to make her hard to hit." Thought Lea. She decided to leave it for the moment and focused on her workout. She was lifting some weights with her tail, but decided to stop and work on the sandbag. Lea put her gloves on and started to punch the sandbag. She kept going for a while and started to notice something. She recovered the punch faster than before, making her capable of throwing more punches at a faster rate. Lea was throwing so many punches at such a fast rate, that it didn't give the sandbag a chance to settle. Lea kept going for a few minutes, and also noticed that she could throw an endless amount of punches for an entire round. While training, she was told to take a break and sat in one of the benches. While she was resting, she started to think about her next opponent, but she remembered something else. Lea needed to buy groceries. She was running low on food, so she needed to go to the store. The next day was her day off from training and work, so she was going to take that day to go and buy what she needed.
The next day, Lea left the gym and went to the store, as she had planned yesterday. Unfortunately, it wasn't close to the gym, so she had to take the bus. Lea got off to the nearest shopping area and headed to the nearest store. She was going to buy only the essentials, since she was trying to save as much as she could to help Julie and the kids. Of course, she couldn't buy a lot of groceries because she didn't know how to cook. She only bought stuff that was easy to make or was already made. Since she had to eat healthy, she only bought healthy food and drinks. While sliding in the area, a building to her right got her attention, so she stopped and looked through the window. It turned out to be a dance studio giving a class. Lea didn't know much about dancing, but the class was teaching how to dance a waltz. At that moment, the instructor was giving lessons to both human and inter-specie kids that had legs. She wasn't teaching them all at the same time because it was different how a person with two legs danced than one who had more legs or none. There was no music playing because they were new to waltz. While looking around the studio, she found the person she least expected in the building.
"Julie!?" Thought Lea, but for some reason, Julie reacted to something and looked towards the window. It didn't take long for Julie to realize that it was Lea and waved at her. Then, Julie got up from her seat and got out of the studio.
"Lea! Is good to see you!" Julie gave Lea a hug, which she didn't return quickly because Julie grabbed Lea by surprise. After a moment, Julie let go and looked at Lea. "How have you been?" Julie had a big smile on her face, which made Lea smile in return.
"Good, very good lately. What about you and the kids?" Asked Lea.
"We've been doing great. Everything is going as peaceful as always."
"It's always great to hear that, what brings you here?"
"Oh, some of the kids like dancing, so we take them here."
"That sounds nice."
"What about you?"
"I was actually going to the store."
"Oh, sorry to keep you, maybe we can talk more after you're done."
"Don't worry about it, it can wait." Lea never took long when she was shopping.
"You sure?"
"Yeah yeah, no problem."
"That's great, want to come in and see the class? I'm sure some of the kids would like to see you."
"Okay." They went inside the studio and took a seat close to each other. Just like Julie said, many of the kids recognized Lea and greeted her, especially one little girl that she met at Julies house.
"Hello, Lea." Lea heard a familiar little voice.
"Jenny, how are you?" Asked Lea, who was happy to see the shy Arachne.
"I'm fine, I'm happy to see you, Lea." Answered Jenny with a smile.
"I'm happy to see you too. Do you like dancing?"
"I like watching it, I think is pretty." Answered Jenny as she looked at the dancers.
"It is?" Lea never paid attention to dancing, so she wouldn't know about it.
"Yeah, have you danced before?" Jenny looked at Lea with curiosity in her eyes.
"Not really." Lea started to rub the back of her head, feeling a little embarrassed about it.
"Don't worry, Julie doesn't know either." After Jenny said that, Lea turned her head towards Julie with curiosity in her eyes.
"Really?"
"Yeah, not that I don't like it, I just I didn't have the time to learn." Answered Julie, who had been listening to the whole conversation.
"I understand." Responded Lea, knowing what Julie was talking about. After that, they started to have small talk with each other. Sometimes they would include Jenny while the class was going. Of course, they were been quiet about it, not wanting to disturb the class. After the class with the two-legged students was over, the instructor was going to start with mixed partners, those with two legs and those with no legs. Before starting the class, the instructor approached Lea and Julie.
"Excuse me, could I ask a favor from you two?" Asked the human instructor and both ,Lea and Julie, nod their heads.
"Yeah, on what?" Asked Julie, who was always happy to help.
"You see, I need help in giving a demonstration on how to appropriately dance in mixed couples, but I don't have enough help right now. Could you help me demonstrate? It won't take too long and it won't be difficult moves, just the basic ones." After the instructor was done explaining, both Lea and Julie looked at each other. Since it was for the kid's class, they both agreed to do it.
"Okay, we'll help." Said Lea, who was always happy to help the kids.
"Great, now follow me." After the instructor said that, they both got up from their seats.
"Wait, do we need to wear something?" Asked Julie.
"Just some dancing shoes for you, we can lend you some. As for your friend, nothing is required." That was because Lea didn't have legs.
"Lucky." Julie said to Lea with a smile, and Lea could hear the playful tone in Julie's voice.
"Wellif it's any consolation, I'm more at risk of been stepped on than you." Joked Lea with a smile of her own, which got a giggle out of Julie.
After that, Julie got her shoes on and went to the dancing floor with Lea and the instructor.
"Okay, I know some of you aren't comfortable to dance with a partner of another species, especially with one who doesn't have legs, but do not worry. All you need is the right movements. These good ladies will give a demonstration of basic movements. Now, take these positions, like this." Said the instructor and started to put Lea and Julie in a ball position. Lea was the lead, mostly because she was taller than Julie. Once they were in position, the instructor started giving simple steps, mostly moving side to side, movements that beginners would use. "That's it, is not that difficult, is it? Feel the rhythm, that's one of the most important things in dancing." Lea and Julie kept going on with the demonstration.
"You know, this isn't so hard." Said Lea in relief.
"You're right, is actually fun." After Julie said that, they continued with the basic steps. Then, the instructor clapped her hands and asked for them to stop.
"Now students, take positions and let's begin with your lesson. Just like my assistants, we'll begin with the basics." Said the instructor. Again, Lea and Julie start with the basic steps, and the rest of the students followed their example. They keep going for a while, repeating the steps over and over for the kids. Then, the instructor called it to a stop and announced a new movement, which was spinning the partner. The instructor showed how it should be done to Lea and Julie, which they show it to the other students. "That's it, with experience you can do it without any difficulty, but it will help even more when there is trust between the lead and the follow. Now, let's try it everyone." Just like the example, the students tried to spin the following partner, which went slower than Lea and Julie.
"Just to let you know, I wouldn't let you fall." Lea said quietly to Julie.
"I know you wouldn't, I trust you already." Julie answered just as quietly as Lea, and both smiled at each other. The instructor asked them to stop their movement.
"Now, we will put everything together with music. Do not worry, it will be an easy dance, all you need is the basic moves that we just learned. Now, just moving is not enough, you must flow with the music, feel the music, express that feeling with your dance. Let's begin." Said the instructor. The instructor went to the stereo on the floor and turned it on. The stereo started to play ball music and everyone tried to flow with the music. The dance was a simple one, starting by moving side to side, turning slowly. Then, every once in a while, they try spinning their partners, but some failed to do it successfully. Fortunately, they didn't let it discourage them, they simply keep going with the most simple steps. Lea and Julie were dancing along with everyone else, but they weren't paying attention. There were focused on each other, not taking their eyes from the other.
The moment was cut short by the instructor, who announced the end of the class. Everyone stopped their dance and payed attention to the instructor.
"Okay everyone, that's it for today, come back next time for the next class." After the instructor said that, the instructor headed to Lea and Julie, while the students started to gather their things. "Thank you for your help."
"No problem, I'm sure some of the kids would like to comeback for your classes." Answered Julie. They all say their goodbyes and the kids were taken to the van they used. "Okay, everyone is here, get on the van in order." Ordered Julie and the kids got in the van. Jenny went straight to Lea.
"Thank you for coming." Jenny thanked Lea with a smile.
"Oh, no problem, it was more of a coincidence, to be honest." Said Lea.
"Would you visit us someday?" Asked Jenny with hope in her eyes.
"Of course, I'll pay you guys a visit another time, I promise." Answered Lea with a smile.
"Pinky promise?" Jenny presented her pinky finger to Lea. Lea smiled and grabbed Jenny's pinky finger with her own pinky finger, which made Jenny smile.
"Pinky promise." After that, they let go of their pinkies and Jenny got in the van.
"Jenny seems to like you a lot. Is she the one who gave you the scarf?" Asked Julie, who was watching from afar. In her opinion, it was an adorable scene.
"Yeah."
"Well, I got to take them back to the house, I had a good time."
"Me too, I'm glad I saw you through the window." Julie grabbed Lea in a hug.
"Take care of yourself." Lea hugged back and patted Julie's back.
"You too." They let go of each other and Julie got in her van. Julie drove off while giving a last good-bye to Lea, who went back on her way to the store. While on the way, Lea contemplated her time dancing with Julie. "It sure was fun. Now that I think about it, I don't remember Julie hugging me, not even holding hands for that long. I wonder if-?" Lea started to realize something. "Wait a moment, dancing? Dancinglike Karen, she dances. What was important in dancing? Come on, rememberremember what it was?" Then, it hit her, something that could help against Karen and her movements. "That's it! I got it! The rhythm! If I find Karen's rhythm, I can follow her unusual movements, but how can I find it?" Lea have never seen Karen dance, but Lea realized that she could find out what dances Karen mostly used. Unfortunately, Lea didn't have internet in her apartment because she didn't want to spend the money that she won for Julie and the kids monthly. "Good thing that the coach has a computer in his office, if I tell him what I'm searching for, then I'm sure he'll let me use it." With that plan in mind, Lea headed to the store, grabbed what she needed, and went back to the gym.
Lea arrived at the gym and headed straight to her apartment. Alinda notice Lea and tried to greet her.
"Hello Lea, how-" Said Alinda, but didn't get to finish because Lea simply kept sliding and went into her apartment. "What happened there?" Asked Alinda to no one in particular. Lea got into her apartment, put her groceries in their place and headed down to the gym to look for Alonso. Fortunately, he was helping another boxer at the moment, so she headed straight to him.
"Coach." Lea called as she got close to Alonso. Alonso turned around to give Lea his attention.
"Que paso, chica? You need something?" Asked Alonso, who could see that Lea was serious about something.
"Can I use your computer?" Asked Lea with a serious tone. Alonso was taken by surprise with that question.
"What do you want the computer for?"
"Imight have an idea on how to defeat Karen."
"And you need the computer for that?"
"Yeah, I want to search for something."
"Mind if I ask what it is?"
"Rhythm."
"Rhythm? In her boxing?"
"Not in her boxing, but in her dancing. Since she's using dancing moves instead of boxing ones, I need to know more about the dances that she learned, the steps, everything. Then, I would be able to read her next movement."
"Well, it sounds like a good idea. All right, use it as long as you need it."
"Thanks, coach." Lea headed straight to the office and went in. Once inside, she moved to the desk, sat on the chair, and turned the computer on. Once she logged in, she tried to find any information on Karen when she was a dancer. It was easier than expected because Karen was famous in her days as a dancer. Lea wasted no time and started to look at videos, photos, anything that could help her find out about the dance styles that Karen would use in boxing. Everything seemed to be on the internet, Lea easily found a site with videos about Karen, showing that she had danced Waltz, Tango, Salsa, and Samba. Without a doubt, Karen was one of the best in the world, winning competitions all over the world. Her movements were perfect, having grace and technique, dancing with both male and female partners. After finding all the videos with Karen in them, Lea started to study each and every single one of them. Lea was trying to memorize as much as possible. Eventually, Lea spent hours just watching the videos, and then, she started to compare them to Karen's boxing. Lea could see that many of Karen's movements were based on dancing moves, which explained why Karen had so many unorthodox movements. The only reason that got Lea away from the computer, was Alonso going into the office, and calling Lea.
"Oye chica, you've been here for hours, you should go and rest." Said Alonso.
"Oh, okay, coach." Answered Lea, who turned the computer off and got up from the chair. Lea slid out of the office and went to her apartment, deciding that she gathered as much as she could and spent the day normally.
The next day, after opening and cleaning the gym, Lea started with her training. She kept working the tail and back muscles, along with the other basic workouts. After Lea was done with that, she decided to do some shadow boxing. She tried to picture the opponent as Karen, and Lea tried to use all of the videos that she had watched to imagine Karen's movements. Karen was an in-fighter, just like Lea, so Lea must plan an attack. Lea imagined herself been face to face against Karen and defending with the Peek-a-boo style. A frontal attack wouldn't work on Lea, so Karen might need to find holes in Lea's defense, which were on the sides. Lea could fix that by following Karen, but considering her unusual movements, Lea could lose sight of Karen. If Lea couldn't see Karen, Lea won't know where to block or when to dodge. The best Lea could do was make distance, but it was useless, as she had seen in previous videos of Karen's matches.
"Dammit, how am I supposed to follow those movements? They are unpredictable in a boxing match." Thought Lea, but then, a realization hit her. "Wait, follow? Is that what I'm doing? Am I following Karen? Is that why she wins her matches? Because they try to follow her? What if I change her movements to somewhere else? I got it! Feints, if I use feints to change her movements to where I want her, I should be able to land a punch. Now, instead of following, I'll be the one leading." Lea started to picture Karen going to the right side, and Lea used a feint with the right. After that, Lea could prepare herself to predict the movement and attack. "With this, I have a chance at beating Karen, I can do this." Lea kept her shadow boxing for a while, trying to get a feeling on how to fight back against Karen. Lea wasn't the only one working for an upcoming match. Hilda was also working harder than usual, especially since her championship match will be after Lea's match. After spending the day working out, it was time to close the gym and call it a day.
The rest of the time left until the match was spent training. Eventually, the day of the match arrived and Lea, along with Alonso and Alfred, headed to the designated venue for the weigh-in. Lea was the first to arrive because there were no signs of Karen. There were other people in there, which turned out to be journalists and paparazzi.
"I wasn't expecting this kind of a crowd for a 4-rounder match. It must be for Karen, considering her past." Said Alonso. People tried to take a picture of Karen's opponent, but Lea noticed it and tried to cover her face. "What is it, chica?" Alonso didnt expect that kind of reaction from Lea.
"I don't want to be photographed." Answered Lea, who started to feel uncomfortable.
"Why not? When you start to become famous, it will be inevitable to avoid the press." Lea decided to simply hide behind Alonso and Alfred while covering her face as best as possible with the hood that she was wearing.
"Specter, what's your opinion on your next opponent?" Asked one of the journalists.
"Well" Said Lea, but she wasn't given a chance to respond because another journalist spoke.
"Do you have a plan against her?" Other questions followed after that one.
"How confident are you against her?"
"Do you actually know anything about Karen?" The questions would have kept coming, if it wasn't for the arrival of Lea's next opponent, Karen. She was accompanied by her coach, Ruth When the door revealed Karen, the journalists surrounded her and started to take endless photographs of Karen, who entered with a dignified air around her. Just as Lea thought, Karen was beautiful, but even more in person. As a star would do, Karen gave a charming smile to the cameras, and the questions started to rain on her, which was a relief for Lea. Since they lost interest on Lea, she stopped hiding behind Alonso and Alfred.
"Miss, how do you feel about your next match?" Asked a journalist.
"How is your condition right now? Think you are ready for the match?" Asked another journalist.
"Do you have any plans after the tournament?" After that question, Ruth stepped forward.
"Okay okay, that's enough, give us some breathing air, we just got here." Ruth was a little annoyed by the impatient journalists.
"It's alright, Ruth." Said Karen as she put a hand on the Sphinx's arm. Then, she slid forward and answered with an elegant voice. "Ladies and gentlemen, my condition is fit enough for the upcoming match. After winning the tournament, I am planning to go for the national championship. As you can see, I'm confident that I can win the match."
"What do you think of your opponent, Specter? Many consider her a strong opponent because she defeated one of the most resilient boxers in this tournament with her new technique, Spear Strike." Asked one of the journalists, which got the attention of Lea.
"How do they know about my technique?" Asked Lea.
"Someone must have heard the name and mentioned it around, there's no other way they would have known." Answered Alonso, who was just as surprised as Lea.
"I have certainly heard of Specter, I have even watched her videos, and truth be told, her attack has terrifying power behind it. However, her attack won't work on me." Answered Karen. Lea couldn't deny it, she needed space throw it, and Karen always stayed close. "Speaking of Specter, where is she?" Karen started to look for Lea and found her behind the line of photographers. Lea was hiding her face with the hood of a sleeveless vest, with a t-shirt under it, and cargo pants. Karen remembered seeing Lea fight, but it was different seeing her in person. The others might not see it, giving the nature that Lea was showing, but Karen could see it. Even though it was concealed by the clothes, she could see that Lea possessed the body of a warrior. A body that not only showed power, but a beauty that only a majestic specimen could show. "While her body is a sight to behold, the passion that she showed in her fight against Luisa was justmagnificent. Seeing her in person is making me more and more impatient for the match to start." Karen was about to approach Lea, but Karen was stopped by the staff there.
"I'm sorry to interrupt, but we need to get this done, other boxers will come for their weigh-in."
"My apologies." Karen started to take off her white Ruched Shirt dress, while Lea started to take off her own clothing, but put her shirt around her head to hide her face. Lea looked at Karen and was surprised because Karen's muscles weren't very prominent. Karen was fit, but didn't seem to hold too much power in her. Of course, it didn't fail to draw the attention of the journalists, making many of their faces flush. Lea was another story. She was buff, not in a ridiculous way, but was buff enough to draw attention. It also made most of the female journalists flush. Even Karen noticed the strong muscles at display. The men were impressed and started to believe that a single punch from Lea could end their lives.
With both boxers ready, the staff took their weights and were cleared for the match, which would take place at that night. With the weigh-in done, both boxers dressed. Once Karen was done, she approached Lea. Lea felt someone behind her and turned around, only to get surprised by Karen, who was very close to Lea.
"H-Hello." Greeted Lea, and everyone thought that she was been too shy.
"Hello to you, Specter, a pleasure to meet you in person." Answered Karen. She wasn't lying, she wanted to meet Lea before the match. With both boxers standing face to face, everyone else in the room could see that Karen was a little smaller than Lea.
"It is?"
"Of course." Answered Karen and started to slid in circles around Lea. "Looking at you in person cannot be compared to looking at you in your videos." Said Karen in admiration, while Lea was trying to keep eyes on Karen, but Karen was good at moving around a person. "With a body like this, you must have quite the amount of admirers, don't you?"
"Uh, notreally." Lea wasn't even sure if she had any type of admirers.
"And that fire, that passion that you showed in your match against Luisa, quite exciting."
"T-thanks." Lea started to get uncomfortable. Lea saw the chance to start sliding back, but went as far as the wall behind her, and Karen quickly moved in front of Lea. Then, Karen lifted herself up with her tail and moved close to Lea, reaching her left ear.
"I can't wait to see it in our match." Whispered Karen and slid away from Lea. Then, Karen headed to the door, where her coach was waiting. Lea kept looking at the retreating form of Karen. Lea was so focused on Karen, that she didn't notice Alonso calling.
"Hey, chica, you okay? We're leaving." Said Alonso, which got a reaction out of Lea.
"Huh? Yeah, I'm ready." Answered Lea and started to leave with Alonso, but the journalists tried to get some answers from Lea.
"Specter, what's your opinion of Karen? Was she trying to provoke you?" One of them asked.
"What did Karen said to you? Was it an insult? A threat?" Alonso blocked Lea from their sight and simply answered.
"No questions for today. Have a good day." After that, Alonso and his group left.
They were outside of the building and away from the journalists, and Alonso took the opportunity to ask Lea some questions.
"So, what did she said to you?" Asked Alonso.
"Mostly that, she can't wait for our match." Answered Lea, who was a little calmer.
"Well, she doesn't have to wait long, since the match is tonight. Now that I have seen her in person, she doesn't seem to be the tough type, which is strange for an in-fighter. Since they're always fighting up close, they tend to need a good chin to take the upcoming attacks."
"Maybe she relies on her movements to avoid any damage." Said Alfred.
"Probably, but is a problem if she has no power in her punches. The only thing that I can come up with is that she uses the build up momentum from her sliding around to throw more effective punches." Answered Alonso.
"But Lea is tough enough to take them."
"If she can see them."
"What do you mean, coach?" Asked Lea.
"When you see a punch coming, you simply grit your teeth and take it, but what would happen if you can't see the punch coming?" Asked Alonso.
"I wouldn't be ready to take it." Lea started to understand what Alonso was talking about.
"To put it simply, yes. If you can't see the punch coming, you're not mentally, nor physically prepared for the attack, and take more damage than usual."
"Don't worry, coach. I've been training for this day." Alonso could hear Lea's confidence.
"I know you have, and we are winning this tournament." Alonso's voice was even, but the feeling might have been the same as a battle cry. That same day, Hilda went to the weigh-in and was cleared to participate in the match.
That night, Lea's group went to the venue where the matches would take place. Lea's match would be considered an under card, since she was a 4-rounder. However, it was considered a good position to give Hilda some momentum for her championship match. Before going to their separate ways, Salena and Alinda tried to cheer for their friends.
"Good luck, Lea, I know you're going to win this. You too, Hilda, I can't wait for you to become the new national champion." Said Salena as cheerfully as she could.
"You'll succeed in your goals, I'm sure of it." Said Alinda, She was more leveled than Salena, but the feeling was the same.
"Thanks." Said Lea. She was grateful for the good lucks because she believed that she might need them.
"You better believe it, lass. I'm going to get that belt out of her hands." Said Hilda, who was ready to go at full force. After that, Salena and Alinda went to their seats, while Lea and Hilda went to their locker room. Once they arrived to the locker room, they put their trunks, their breast protection, and gloves. Since Lea was the first one to fight, she was the first one to start warming up.
"As far as I have seen you work, I can see that you have come up with some plan against Karen." Said Alonso.
"Yeah, as mentioned by Karen herself, my Spear Strike is useless against her, but I can see that she isn't physically fit to take a punch." Said Lea.
"The question is: can you hit her? I have seen her videos, and the only way that you can hit her, is if you throw hundreds of punches and hope one of them will hit. Then again, there is no such thing as a lucky punch."
"True enough." Said Hilda, who knew all about it.
"Yeah, I understand that, but don't worry. I have a plan on how to actually punch her." Said Lea.
"And that is?" Asked Alonso.
"I notice something peculiar in Karen's matches, which was that all boxers were following Karen. That's why they lost, Karen was leading them to a good spot to attack. What I'm going to do is lead her to a point where I can punch her. Instead of following, I'm the one leading her this time."
"Sounds like a dance, but a boxing dance. Very well, let's see how this works out." With the plan set, Lea kept warming up and waiting for her call.
In another room, Karen was also warming up for her upcoming match.
"That was quiet a scene you did there, some even think that you're falling for her." Said Ruth, who was barely holding a laugh after saying that.
"I have seen many people, from different species, from both sexes, and some got my attention, but not like she has. Is it a simple infatuation? Is it love? Or simple respect? As far as I know, she intrigues me." Answered Karen while warming up.
"Soyou're not in love?" Ruth didn't remember the last time that Karen was interested in anyone.
"I cannot tell for sure, but I might found out in this match, if she can last long enough."
"As long as it doesn't get in the way of your boxing, I do not mind at all." Ruth was been honest about it. All she cared about, was that Karen won the match.
"Do not worry, Ruth, when it comes to my profession, I do it with passion." After Karen said that, she kept warming up.
"As far as I have seen, I cannot deny it. Better be ready, Specter, because you won't know what hit you." Both boxers were left with no option, but to wait. Wait for their call to get into the ring and let their fists fly.

Chapter 14: Let's Dance
The staff entered the locker rooms, told them that they were next, and left.
"All right chica, vamonos." Said Alonso, who started to head to the ring.
"Yeah!" Said Lea, who was ready for anything, and followed her team to the ring. In the other room, Karen and her team prepared to head to the ring.
"Time to perform." Said Ruth as a little joke.
"With passion." Said Karen in a serene manner and followed her team to the ring. Both boxers arrived at the arena and received the cheers from the audience. Lea didn't notice, but the press was sitting on the front seats, which were close to the ring. They all wanted to see Karen in action and none of them was looking at Lea because they didn't consider her important enough at the moment. Also, they wanted an interview with Karen because they believed that she would be the victor of that match and the winner of the tournament. Both boxers climbed into the ring and got to their respective corners. Then, they waited for the announcer to present them and for the referee to go over the rules. Lea had her hair loose because it wasn't too long. Karen had long hair, so it was required that she put it in a bun. Once the announcer and the referee were done with their parts, both boxers were waiting for the bell to ring. Before that, their respective coaches tried to give them some last advice before the match began.
"Remember, Karen, Specter has insane power behind her punches, you have to keep moving and attack when the opportunity presents itself. You simply won't be able to take too many, if any, of her punches." Said Ruth.
"Do not worry yourself, Ruth, I do not plan to simply put a good performance, I plan to win the match." Said Karen. She wasn't showing any worry, but excitement. On Lea's corner, Alonso went over Lea's plan against Karen.
"Karen will use her movements to find some unguarded area to attack, or entice you to attack. Don't rush it, fight carefully, and strike when it matters." Said Alonso.
"Don't worry, coach, I won't let her guide me to her trap, I'll be the one leading." Said Lea. She was showing no hesitation and she was ready to win. After going over their battle plans, if any, the announcers ordered the seconds to leave the ring, which they follow without complain. After that, the boxers prepared themselves to put their lives in the match and to see who will be the victor of the match. It didn't matter whether they were ready or not, because the bell ringed.
Both boxers leave their corners with an unexpected speed. They immediately dashed forward and reached each other in the middle of the ring. Everyone expected their fists to start flying, but instead, they stopped at punching distance and simply stared at each other. Lea had her usual Peek-a-boo style, while Karen had no guard at all. She kept her arms hanging to the sides. Instead of raising her guard, she started to sway from side to side and going at her own rhythm. That made many believe that it was a taunt for Lea. Lea didn't respond and simply kept staring, waiting for an opportunity to attack. Karen kept her swaying going, thinking whether to go to the left or to the right. She was also looking for any holes in Lea's guard, knowing that Lea wasn't going to be an easy opponent.
"Well, this dance isn't for one." Karen decided to attack and see where it led. Karen moved to Lea's left, and Lea attacked with a left jab. Karen dodged by turning sideways and bending back. Then, Karen retaliated with a right uppercut to Lea's chin, which was hard to call it an uppercut because it lacked the proper form. Karen believed to have landed the punch, but she was surprised by the sight of Lea blocking the punch with the left arm. Then, she prepared to launch a downward right punch. Karen spun away to recover her balance and stood upright, but remaining in punching range with Lea. "Well, you are full of surprises, Specter. This is getting more exciting by the moment." Thought Karen, and Lea had other thoughts in mind.
"That was close, good thing the coach made me train my punch recovery. Otherwise, that would have landed cleanly." Thought Lea. Whatever the boxers were thinking, the audience loved what they saw and couldn't wait to see the rest of the match.
On Karen's corner, Ruth was surprised by Lea's quick recovery of her punches, but the surprise left her very quickly and remained calm.
"That was unexpected. Most in-fighters tend to fall for Karen's counters, since she can dodge at the strangest angles. Specter must have trained to recover her punch quickly and prepare for the counter attack. Well, simply blocking and defending won't be enough. We would still have the advantage in points." Thought Ruth. Just like Karen's corner, Lea's corner was also calm about the situation because they expected the results of Lea's training to show.
"That's it, chica, just like we trained for. You better be ready, Karen, because this is just the beginning." Thought Alonso.
Back into the fight, Karen tried to keep circling around Lea at a tremendous speed. Karen planned to get out of Lea's sight so that she could deliver a surprise attack from the other side. Lea's tail didn't seem to get in the way of Karen's movement because she would just slid over it and keep going. In normal boxing, stepping someone's foot was illegal. Lamias have no feet, and didn't seem to impede someone's movement, so they don't consider it illegal to slid over another Lamia's tail. Karen circled around Lea, but Lea managed to keep up and didn't let Karen get out of sight. Lea knew that if she did, then she would be in trouble.
"I can't keep this up for long. I have to stop her movements." Thought Lea. She decided to use her plan and feinted a right straight, which Karen fell for and moved to the right. Karen realized that it was a feint and saw Lea throw a left jab at Karen's face. Karen barely avoided the punch by spinning with the punch and moved away from Lea.
"That was a nice move, Specter." Thought Karen in surprise. She didn't expect that feint from Lea. At that moment, Karen decided to be more careful because she won't know what punch was going to be real. Failing to realize which one was real or false might cost her the match. The fight was quickly turning into a battle for control, and both boxers were ready to fight for it. Karen rushed in and attempted to move to Lea's right, but she planned to be more aggressive about it. Lea followed as always, but Karen spun while moving and threw a right hook at the left side of Lea's guard. Lea ducked in time and followed with a left uppercut to Karen's body, but Karen spun with the punch. Then, Karen stopped and retaliated with a right hook to Lea's head. Lea moved to Karen's left and retaliated with a right straight to Karen's head. Karen quickly turned, bent back, and landed a right uppercut on Leas chin. Since Karen lacked power, the punch didn't cause as much damage. Lea slid away from Karen, but Karen followed because she didn't want to lose the upper hand. Lea saw that and feinted with a left jab, which Karen fell for again and started to bend back. She quickly realized what it was and stopped moving. Instead of moving forward, Karen slid back and kept her distance from Lea.
A minute had passed and the audience was enjoying the match. The audience was cheering for both boxers, unable to wait for more of that fierce fight. At that point, Karen decided to go with a different approach and she put it into action immediately. Karen moved forward and Lea attempted a feint jab, which Karen didn't fell for. Lea quickly threw a real jab and was dodged with the usual bending. Karen stood upright, kept moving forward, and got so close to Lea, that only the most compact punches could be launched. Once again, Karen started to move around Lea, and in respond, Lea tightened her guard. Karen attacked from the right, but it turned out to be a simple tap, making a right punch to Lea's body the real attack. Lea didn't fall for the trap and blocked the attack with the left arm. Lea lifted her right elbow, indicating a right hook, which made Karen turn and bend back while throwing an upward right punch. Lea dodged the punch by leaning back, moved in, and threw a downward right punch. Karen spun and barely dodged the punch, positioning herself to Lea's right, and threw a left punch at Lea's head. Lea ducked the punch, turned towards Karen, and threw a left hook at Karen's body. Karen decided to move with the punch while moving forward. Karen got closer to Lea, and got so close, that their bodies were touching. Their faces were inches away from each other, and at that moment, Karen decided to wink at Lea. After that, Karen moved away from Lea. It didn't necessarily angered Lea, but she realized that she was getting nowhere at that rate. At that point, Lea heard Alonso giving her advice from the corner.
"Chica, aim for the body, stop her movements and attack the head!"
"That's a good idea, without her movements, she won't be able to dodge so much. All I have to do now is to just land a good hit, just one, and it will go to my advantage." Thought Lea and got a new target: Karen's body
In the audience, the duo of Lea's friends were watching the match and were still amazed at how Karen just dodged a punch from such a difficult angle.
"Well, that's something you don't normally see, but to think that she has such flexibility and movements." Said Alinda, who could hardly believe it. In her opinion, it would have been easier for an out-boxer to just slid back, but Karen bent like nothing in the middle of an in-fight.
"Okay, so it is impressive, but if Lea gets a single blow on Karen's body, all that fancy movement is going to disappear. I'm sure the coach already figured that out." Said Salena.
"That is a good plan, but is it easy to pull off?" Asked Alinda with a serious face.
It was easier said than done, but Lea didn't mind because she was ready to keep trying as long as it took. With that in mind, she charged in.
"My, aren't we eager? Not that I'm complaining." Karen moved forward and got into punching distance, where Lea threw a real left jab. Karen avoided the punch by moving to the left. Lea threw a right uppercut at Karen's body, but Karen spun while moving to the left and retaliated with a left hook to Lea's head. Lea blocked with the right shoulder, and after that, she attempted to feint with a right jab. Karen didn't fall for it because she knew that Lea wasn't a Southpaw. Karen moved behind Lea, but Lea knew that Karen was coming from Lea's left side. Lea started to turn to the left and threw a right hook at Karen's body. Karen dodged it by sliding back and spinning with the punch. The audience responded to that show of skill, speed, and technique, but most importantly, to both boxers. Karen decided to make the first move, on what she considered the next dance, and moved forward. Lea didn't throw any attack as Karen got closer. Lea simply tightened her guard and waited for Karen to get close. Just as Lea wanted, Karen got very close to Lea and they attacked once again. Karen started with a left punch as she moved to Lea's left. The punch was blocked with the Peek-a-boo, and Lea knew that Karen was coming from the right. Lea lifted her left elbow for a hook to Karen's body, and Karen spun while moving to the left to avoid it, but it was a feint. Lea followed Karen's movements and threw a right hook at Karen's body. Karen was prepared for a feint, so she saw the punch and quickly changed directions. Karen saw the opportunity to attack Lea's head with a right straight, but the hook that Lea was throwing was a feint and blocked with the left arm. Lea shoved the arm away and threw a right hook at Karen's head, which Karen dodged by bending back. Karen quickly stood upright, but Lea quickly attacked with a left hook to Karen's body. Karen didn't know if it was a feint or a real punch, so she did the only thing that she could do in that position, she moved forward.
Two minutes have passed and the moment of truth arrived. Lea's hook landed on Karen, but she was prepared for that occasion and blocked with the right arm. Lea's punch was strong enough to send Karen sliding to the side. Karen recovered quickly, but her arm started to feel numb.
"So that's her famous punch, her power is unbelievable, one of those could knock me down quickly. Very interesting." Thought Karen, who didn't feel fear. In fact, she liked the challenge. The most dangerous dances tended to get the audience on their feet. Lea charged in and attempted another feint with a right hook. Karen didn't back off and moved forward, leaving only inches away from each other. They didn't make a single move, they were staring at each other, waiting for the other one to make a move, waiting to see an opportunity, a mistake. Karen started to sway slowly, getting into a rhythm, but Lea wasn't going to allow that. Lea attempted a left hook, which was intended to be a feint. Karen didn't fell for it and kept swaying, and Lea decided to throw a real right hook. Karen turned to the side, bent back, and retaliated with a right uppercut to Leas chin. Lea dodged the punch by leaning back and tried to catch Karen with a right downward punch, but Karen spun and moved to Lea's right. From there, Karen attacked with a right straight to Leas head. Lea blocked with the right shoulder and retaliated with a left hook to Karens body. Karen spun in the spot, deflecting the power of the punch and hitting Leas side of the head with a right hook. That didnt stop Lea and attacked with a right uppercut to Karen's body. Karen moved to the right while spinning and threw a right hook, which Lea blocked with the left arm. Then, Lea pushed the arm away and threw a right hook at Karens body. Karen avoided damage by spinning with the punch and threw a left hook, which Lea ducked.
On Karen's corner, things were starting to look for the better.
"I was a little surprised when I saw just how far Specter sent Karen flying with a single punch, but Karen is getting used to it. She's even getting used to the feints, which made me a little worried, but not anymore. I wonder what else you have in stock, Specter." Thought Ruth. Meanwhile, Alonso didn't like where the flow of the match was going.
"Karen is better than I thought, she's already starting to get used to the chica. However, I know that she won't stop so easily. Remain calm, and think carefully, there must be a way to land a punch against this boxer." Thought Alonso.
The in-fight continued, and it didnt seem like Lea was winning, even though it was her specialty. Karens flexibility and agility made her a difficult opponent to hit. Karen was even capable of punching from unbelievable angles, making it easy for her to counter any punch. After an endless barrage of attacks, both Karen and Lea suddenly stopped, and both boxers simply stared at each other. Lea started to think on how to attack Karen, but Lea knew that her normal attacks wouldnt reach Karen as long as she could move freely. Then, Lea found a way to attack Karen, but it was a little risky. Still, Lea wouldnt hesitate, especially since she knew that she would come out on top because of her toughness. Lea waited for the right moment, which came from a right hook to her head. Lea took that as an opportunity to make it a simultaneous exchange with a left hook to Karen's body. Unfortunately, Karen used a feint and spun with Lea's punch while moving to the right. Karen retaliated with a right straight to Lea's head, landing without problem and making Lea stagger away from Karen.
"Dammit, what am I doing? I rushed it, just when I was trying to avoid that." Thought Lea, who was starting to fall on Karen's rhythm without realizing it. To avoid that, she started to get her mind straight and she focused on the match. While doing that, she started to hear music in her head. "Where is that coming from? Maybe she punched me too hard?" Lea was brought out of her thoughts by the sight of Karen charging in. Lea put her guard back and Karen got very close again. Once close, Karen simply kept swaying slowly from side to side, thinking how to start her attack. Looking at Karen, Lea started to remember her dancing lesson with Julie and what the instructor said. Lea remembered hearing about flowing with the music. Lea looked at Karen again, and that was when it dawned on Lea. "That's it! I know what to do now!" As Lea started to see how to put it into action, the bell ringed, announcing the end of the first round. The referee stepped between them and both boxers started to slid to their own corners.
Lea arrived to her corner and sat on the stool, showing that she was surprisingly more tired than she let on.
"Rest up, chica. You did well out there, you've avoided a lot of her punches, and those that landed didn't seem to do too much damage to you." Said Alonso.
"Yeahbut having to concentrate to such a degree is really making me tire." Said Lea, who was taking deep breaths.
"Yeah, both mind and body work together in all sports."
"It's okay, I finally got it." That confused Alonso.
"Got what?"
"I was trying to break her rhythm and put her on my rhythm, but that won't do against her."
"Then, what are you going to do?"
"I'll become one with her."
"What do you mean by that?"
"Instead of forcing her to move or following her, I have to get in the same rhythm as her. That way, I will know where she will go and lead her to where I want to."
"This is sounding like a dance, but it seems to be the best we can do so far. Don't drop the plan of punching her in the body, without those movements, she'll be easier to handle."
"Don't worry, coach, if it goes as planned, I might even land a hit on the head." It wasn't the brightest plan, but it gave Lea more hope for victory.
"Good, but it has to be in this round. I really don't think it will work in the next round once she finds out what you're trying to do. Karen might try to change her rhythm to get you confused and attack you."
"Yeah, I didn't think that far ahead."
"Don't worry, it's a good idea for something that you just got in the middle of the fight. Now, let's get you fixed up for the next round." Alonso felt a little proud to have such a good boxer, but didn't want to show it because he didn't want Lea to let it go to her head.
"Okay."
"I must admit, I'm a little nervous about this match. Karen is better at in-fighting, if this drags on, we will lose in points. If not, then we might lose by KO. This next round must the last round." On the other corner, things weren't as heavy as in Lea's corner, but Karen's was in alert.
"That was a good round for us. We got the points in this one. Now, keep going like in the last round and victory should be ours." Said Ruth in confidence.
"It certainly was a nice performance, but nowhere to my expectations. Then again, Specter has lasted longer than my previous opponents. I must commend her for that." Said Karen, who was showing signs of getting a little tired, but she maintained a serene mind.
"I agree with you, I was getting a little nervous that she dodged and blocked so many of your attacks. I was even more nervous when she was throwing feints in her punches."
"I was surprised myself. She made the performance quite exciting for me. I wish we could keep going like this a little bit longer."
"I wouldn't push your luck, I know you like seeing people with passion and all, but if you're not careful, you could get hurt here." Ruth wasn't joking. She was genuinely worried about Karen, not remembering a boxer with so much dedication as her.
"I thank you for your concern, Ruth. I know of the dangers in this sport, I could die in one of this matches, I know some have died in this sport." Karen was touched by Ruth's worry, which made a small smile to appear on Karen's face,.
"I know that you do, you take this seriously. I just don't want a good boxer retiring so quickly, or worse."
"I understand."
"Great, now let's get you rested for the next round, and for the other coming rounds." No one thought it was strange for Karen to be so calm, they believed she was confident because of how well it went in the last round. The truth was that she liked it too much, and she simply couldn't resist performing with such an amazing partner like Lea. Even after saying Ruth not to worry, Karen couldn't help her desire to go longer. Of course, she knew that all performances must come to an end. 
"Before that happens, let's enjoy the dance a little bit longer, shall we?" Thought Karen. After that, both boxers were resting up and waiting for the announcer to order the seconds to leave the ring. It didn't take long and before the seconds left the ring, they gave some last minute advice.
"Remember, whatever it is you have planned, you have to use it and finish it in this round." Said Alonso, who hoped that it was enough to end the match.
"Got it." Lea responded while putting her mouthpiece. Meanwhile, Karen was getting ready for the next round.
"Stay alert. They might come up with something new against you." Said Ruth.
"Understood." Responded Karen and she was given her mouthpiece. Once the seconds were out, the referee stepped in and the bell ringed.
Both boxers came out of their corners and dashed to the center of the ring. They both met in the center, and just like the first round, they didn't throw a single punch. Lea started to watch Karen swaying side to side again. Instead of trying to stop it, Lea started to move to Karen's rhythm, which surprised everyone, especially Karen. They believed that Lea was trying to copy Karen's movements, but that was far from the truth. Karen attacked with a left hook to Leas head when swaying to the right. Lea blocked the attack with the right arm while swaying at the same direction as Karen and tried to attack with a left uppercut to Karens chin. Karen barely dodged by moving to the side while spinning. Then, she attacked with a right hook. Lea saw it in time and slid back, creating space to make the punch miss. Then, she slid forward with a right straight. Karen was still recovering her punch, so the only option to avoid the attack was by bending back. Lea tried to move in to catch Karen, but Karen was quick enough to recover and moved away from Lea. Karen wasnt expecting that and it showed on her face. For Karen, it was as if Lea was reading all of Karen's movements. Lea moved forward and threw a left jab, which Karen dodged by turning sideways and bending back. From that position, Karen attempted to attack with a right uppercut, but Lea was going to surprise Karen. To avoid the attack, Lea simply turned to the side and got out of the way of the punch. Lea was standing right next to the bent Karen, and from there, Lea attacked with a right downward punch. Karen quickly spun in her bent position, stood upright, and backed away from Lea. Not wanting to give Karen any opportunity to escape, Lea started to chase after Karen. 
Back into the crowd, Lea's friends were starting to think that things were looking up. Lea seemed to be able to read and dodge Karen's attacks. They could also see that Karen seemed to be struggling more than before.
"Karen looks to be more distressed than before. Is Lea's new plan really getting to her?" Asked Alinda.
"Maybe she's annoyed about Lea trying to copy her, I know I would be." Said Salena, who found it a little funny.
"I don't think that would be the case, Karen looks too composed to let anger overrule her judgment. It's seems that Lea found a way to follow Karen's movements."
Back into the fight, Lea quickly reached Karen, who decided to stand her ground against Lea. Karen quickly started to sway again, and Lea did the same thing, but it didnt stop Karen. Karen started by moving to Lea's right, hoping to attack from the side. Lea moved to the same direction as Karen, but it didnt stop Karen from throwing a right hook. Lea had no problem in blocking it with the left arm and retaliated with a right uppercut, but Karen turned to the side, making the punch miss.
"What's going on? Is this her new plan? She's getting my rhythm, where did she learn this?" Thought Karen, who was starting to get worried, but continued to attack with a right straight to Leas face. Lea dodged by moving in front of Karen, and tried to attack with a left hook to Karens body. Karen avoided the punch by moving to Lea's right. From there, anyone who was paying close attention would notice that those two boxers looked as if they were dancing. Whether it was out of desperation or frustration, Karen started to become more aggressive than before. She threw lefts and rights, hooks and uppercuts, anything to cause damage, while Lea blocked and dodged any attack that came her way. Lea tried to attack, but just like her, Karen was still focused enough to dodge Leas attacks. The only thing left to do was to tighten the guard and hope for Karen to get tired of attacking so much. However, Lea didn't know how long it was going to take until it was over, so she had to watch carefully and try to find a chance to turn the tables.
"Karen, stop attacking like a maniac and focus properly!" Yelled Ruth, who was concerned that Karen would tire herself out and put herself in danger. The message was received and Karen stopped her attack. Lea took the opportunity to throw a left jab, which was barely avoided by moving to the side. Karen retaliated with a left punch to Leas head, but Lea blocked with the right arm, and turned to look at Karen face to face. Again, Lea and Karen continued with their dance of flying fists.
A minute had passed and they were starting to get equal, especially Lea, since Karen seemed to be struggling more than usual. Lea had gotten used to the new rhythm that Karen was using, so she started to follow Karen more easily. A right straight came towards Lea's head, but Lea ducked the punch, and stood up with a left uppercut. Karen turned to the side and attacked with a right hook to Leas head. Lea quickly blocked with the left shoulder and attacked with a right hook to Karens head. Karen bent back and threw a right uppercut at Leas chin. Lea turned to the side, stood beside Karen, and attacked with a downward right punch. Karen spun out of the way and stood back up. Then, Karen attacked with a right straight to Leas head, but it was blocked with the shoulder. Lea turned towards Karen and started to attack with a right straight. Karen noticed the attack and was moving to Lea's left. Then, she noticed that it was a feint and looked right on time to see the left hook coming to her liver. Karen responded on time to block the attack with the right arm. After blocking the attack, Karen quickly moved away from Lea.
"A feint at a moment like that? I certainly didn't see it coming, nice played, Specter. Splendid, I must say." Thought Karen, who could still feel the sting of the punch. Even if it wasn't a clean hit, it still hurt her. Lea knew that the punch wasn't clean, so she had to keep going.
The seconds on Karen's corner were in a near panic, since Lea was very close to landing a clean hit on Karen's body.
"My god! This job is getting very stressful for me, good thing that Karen was quick enough to dodge a punch like that. You better think of something quick, Specter, because it might have been your last chance against Karen." Thought Ruth. On the other corner, Alonso felt frustrated.
"Dammit, we were so close to winning the match, if that punch would have landed cleanly, things would go to our favor." Thought Alonso. With nothing else in mind that could help them out in that match, Alonso could only hope that some miracle happened
Lea moved forward and attempted to attack with a left hook to Karen's head, but Karen slid forward and blocked it with the right arm. The hook hit Karen's shoulder, sending Karen sliding away from Lea and attempted to recover from the previous attack. Lea rushed in and tried to end the match in that round. Karen wasn't going to allow that and slid forward. Lea attacked with a right straight, but Karen managed to dodge. Then, she moved to Lea's chest, and once she got there, she put her arms to her sides. In that position, it was going to be difficult for Lea to land a punch with enough force. Of course, she wasn't going to just stand there and do nothing. Lea tried to throw punches at Karen's body, but Karen blocked the punch with one of her arms. If that didn't work, Lea tried to get one of her arms inside to push Karen away, but it was blocked as well. The last thing that came to mind at that point was to move to the side, while Karen was pushing towards Lea. Lea moved and Karen lost her balance, which was a good opportunity to strike her with a left hook. Lea threw the hook at Karen's head, while Karen turned to look at Lea. The punch was too close to move sideways or spin, so she decided to bend back, but Lea was prepared for that. Knowing that Karen was going to bend back, Lea surprised Karen by stopping her hook and leaned forward with Karen. Karen tried to spin away from Lea, but a sting to Karen's side prevented Karen from doing that. The last thing Karen saw was a punch landing on her face, and sending her to the mat. The force of the punch sent the pin holding her hair away, letting golden hair go loose all around her head and covering her face. The referee stepped between them and ordered Lea to a neutral corner. Lea did as told and hoped that the punch ended the match, not knowing what else to do if Karen managed to get up. The referee checked Karen to see if she could get up, but notice that she was out cold and declared the match over.
The crowd cheered for both boxers. For showing such a spectacular fight, but not everyone was happy about the result. All the journalists were hoping to see Karen win against Lea, but since Karen lost, they had no business in there and decided to leave. Everyone left, except for one, who had an interest on Lea. Not because Lea won, but for another reason.
"It can't be hercould it?" Said the female Werebat, who was having a hard time believing it.
Werebats were half-human, half-bat inter-species people, who were believed to be monsters, or evil spirits that took the bodies of the death. Both males and females possessed bat ears, their arms were bat wings, they possessed a tail, and fangs. Thankfully, the fangs weren't long enough to stick out of the mouth, which would make them look terrifying. Like the Harpies, Werebats didn't weight too much, probably the same, which allowed them to fly. They had fur on the ears and from their thighs to where their knees begin. Due to a lack of arms and hands, except for thumbs on their wings, it could be said that their legs were their arms. Starting from the knee, it looked like a forearm and the feet looked like hands. Since they tended to grab things with their feet, they used 'gloves' to walk around and grab other surfaces. Religious groups hunted them because they looked terrifying to them. To escape from the religious groups, Werebats decided to live in caves and other places. The darkness was not much of a problem because they had the echolocation ability, using ultrasound that allowed them to see in the dark. In modern times, they were normal citizens, who mostly worked at night because many other inter-species people were unable to work in such condition. Of course, they worked in many different areas too.
Back in the ring, Alonso and Fergus got into the ring and started walking towards Lea. Once they reached Lea, Alonso said.
"That was an unexpected ending, even I believed that Karen could dodge the attack, but the blow that she blocked may have caused more damage than we thought."
"She's strong, even if her punches didn't have that much power, they still hurt." Said Lea, who was still feeling the pain from Karen's punches.
"Really? She probably hit you in the temple. You should get it checked out just to be sure."
"All right." Lea looked at Karen, who was already been carried away from the ring.
"Well, let's go. We got to get ready for Hilda's title match, and you need to get some rest."
"Yeah." They all left the ring, with Lea shyly waving to the audience in response to their cheers. Lea entered the locker room, followed by Alonso and Fergus. Once Lea got inside, she went through the curtain to change back into her normal clothing. After that, she headed to the medical room, while Alonso and Fergus checked on Hilda. Lea got checked out, but the doctor suggested going to a hospital for a better examination. Lea thanked the doctor and left the room. While on her way, Lea didn't notice someone waiting for her inside another corridor.
"Good evening, Specter." Said a female voice behind Lea, who turned around in surprise. Lea saw a female Werebat with medium brown armpit-length hair, gray eyes, and light brown skin color, the same color as the fur. Lea could see that the Werebat might be a little more mature than her. Lea guessed that the Werebat was 23 years at most. To make Lea even more nervous, the Werebat was quite beautiful.
"H-hello, um" Responded Lea, who was without words.
"Zora, Zora Patterson." Zora introduced herself while walking up to Lea. Once she was in front of Lea, she took off a 'glove', and extended her right 'hand' to Lea. Zora was wearing a white shirt under a black coat, a black skirt, and for her feet, she was wearing black 'gloves'. Lea cleaned her hand on her t-shirt and shook the hand.
"Nice to meet you." Lea tried her best to look at Zora in the eye because she didn't want to look timid.
"The pleasure is all mine." Said Zora with a professional air around her, and with a smile. After the greetings were over, Zora let go of Lea's hand, grabbed her purse with her clawed thumb, search inside, and pulled out a recorder. "If you could give me a moment of your time to answer some questions, I would be very grateful to you." Requested Zora as she started the device to record.
"I-I'm sorry, but I have to go." Answered Lea as she started to slid away from Zora.
"How does it feel to return to the ring, Miss Anderson?" Zora's question caused Lea to stop.
"I think you have the wrong person." Lea started to sound serious, but a slight tremble could be heard.
"Oh, I certainly have the right person. You're Lea Anderson, the undefeated ex-MSWBA Middleweight Champion, who mysteriously disappeared over 2 years ago." Zora was confident of her suspicions.
"You have the wrong person." Lea responded as she started going on her way.
"It would be quite the coverage if I mention that said champion was alive and back on the ring. Probably, first page, even making it to the cover." Zora knew that Lea was hiding because she used a ring name instead of her real name. After hearing that, Lea stopped in her tracks and quickly turned towards Zora.
"Don't!" Suddenly said Lea, and Zora was surprised by such a response. Then, Lea continued with a humble voice. "Pleasejust don't, I'll answer." That kind of response made Zora regret her approach.
"I'm sorry. I didn't mean to get you this upset. It's justyou're becoming well known, and I just wanted to get some coverage before anyone else."
"Ohwellas long as you don't tell anyone about me."
"How about this? If you promise to let me do exclusive interviews in the future, I'll keep your identity a secret, deal?" After Lea heard that, her mood lifted.
"Wellokay."
"Great, I don't have to do this interview right now, and I'm sure you're tired from your previous match. Have a good evening." Zora started to leave.
"Uhyeahthanks." As Lea finished her sentence, Zora turned a corner and left. "I wonder if I can actually trust her. No point in thinking about that, I better go and see how Hilda is doing." Lea headed back to the locker room. Once she arrived to the room, she went in and saw Hilda warming up. Lea could feel that Hilda was ready for the match, ready to take the belt, and even ready to go down for it. Lea wasn't the only one in the room, Salena and Alinda were in there too. They all had a serious face, until they saw Lea go in.
"Hey, Lea, congratulation on your victory, it was a good match." Said Salena, who tried to sound cheerful.
"It was quite a match, I don't remember seen an in-fight like that." Said Alinda, who was amazed by such quick movements at a very close distance.
"Thanks." After Lea said that, the room went quiet.
"What's with the heavy air in here?" Asked Hilda, who thought it was funny.
"It's just" Lea didn't have any words.
"I told you, didn't I? I'm going to be the national champion." After hearing that from Hilda, everyone one started to agree with her.
"Yeah, you're right. You did say that, I know you will become champion." Said Lea.
"I never had any doubt." Said Alinda, who looked like her sophisticated normal self.
"You're going to get the belt, and we'll be the next in line!" Said Salena with new energy. Everyone cheered after that, and the staff called for Hilda, letting her know that it was time for her title match.
"All right! Let's do this!" Said Hilda, who was as motivated as one could be. Everyone gave their best regards to Hilda, hitting her glove as if it was a high-five. After Hilda left to the arena with Alonso and Fergus, Lea and the rest went to their seats. While on the way, Lea met up with the person that she just defeated, Karen Carter, with her trainer, Ruth.
"We'll be in the arena." Said Alinda, who believed that it would be proper to leave them alone. Both Salena and Alinda went to their seats, leaving Lea with Karen, knowing that it was going to be awkward if they stayed there.
"I'll see you outside." Said Ruth to Karen, thinking it would be better if she leaved them alone as well.
"Why is it that I meet every single opponent that I defeat at moments like this?" Thought Lea. She didn't think badly of her opponents, but she didn't know what to say to them after the match.
"Hello, Specter." Greeted Karen in a polite manner.
"H-hello. Umhowhow are you feeling?" Asked Lea.
"A little sore, and I almost got a broken nose, but nothing too alarming."
"Oh, I'm glad." That brought an elegant smile to Karen's face.
"You're a very kind person." That made Lea blush.
"I just" That got a giggle out of Karen, who got closer to Lea, which made Lea nervous.
"That was a marvelous performance, one of the best ones, and I thank you for it." After Karen said that, she bowed, pulling up an imaginary skirt. Lea remembered the move and bowed to Karen. After that, Karen continued to slide away, but before going too far, she said one last thing to Lea.
"Let's have another dance the next time we meet." Lea turned towards Karen and saw her slid away.
Lea got to her seat, and she could see that Hilda's match started only a few seconds ago, so she hadn't missed much. Lea could see that the current champion was strong, an African American with dark hair, and visible muscles. The champion was fit enough to fight Hilda, and Lea knew that it would be a difficult match. Both boxers started slow, sliding cautiously to the middle of the ring. They both had a very orthodox boxing stance, keeping both arms up. Both boxers reached punching range, and no less than a second passed before a punch was thrown, which turned out to be a left jab from Hilda. The battle started fast, both boxers didn't give each other any time to think, they just kept attacking. The champion obviously had more technique than Hilda, but Hilda refused to let that stop her from getting the belt. After a minute into the fight, it would seem that the match was turning to the champion's favor. Suddenly, the champion knocked Hilda down  with a left hook to Hilda's temple. The punch was strong, the damage looked serious, fans of the champion started to cheer, and Hilda's fans started to worry for Hilda. The ones who were hit the worst by the sight, were Hilda's close friends, especially since they were watching it live.
"H-Hilda." Said Lea, who didn't know what to say. It was the first time she had seen Hilda down.
"It's hard to believe." Said Alinda in shock.
"The championis strong." Said Salena. All three of them were left speechless, but Lea didn't believe what she was seeing, she refused to do it. After all, she remembered Hilda making a promise. Suddenly, one side of the arena heard someone yelling.
"Hilda!!" At first, Salena and Alinda were caught by surprise, but they soon realized that the one who was yelling, was the quietest person from their group, Lea. "Get up, Hilda! You promised! You promised that you would become champion!" Lea's words seemed to get Alinda and Salena to join up. It got a reaction from Hilda, who was sitting on her tail.
"Get up, Hilda!" Alinda joined in.
"Beat the crap out of her! You can do it!" Salena followed last. Every single fan of Hilda started to follow their example, cheering and asking Hilda to get up. By the ninth count, Hilda got up and she was ready to continue the fight, but she rose as a different Lamia. The air around her was different, her eyes were different, everything about her was different, and the champion knew that. Then again, considering that she knocked Hilda down, she might be too weak to do anything, so the champion decided to charge towards Hilda. That was a mistake because Hilda was focusing beyond her normal limits. The champion's attacks didn't hit Hilda, and Hilda started to counter attack. Hilda landed a punch on the champion's body that made the champion bend forward. The champion recovered and started to defend herself from the assault. Hilda's attack was relentless, pushing the champion around like a sandbag. The champion tried to fight back, but a punch to the side of her head stopped her, followed by a punch to her chin, and another to her temple. Hilda was gaining the upper hand, and eventually, sent the champion to the mat. The referee got between them and sent Hilda to a neutral corner. Then, he went to check on the champion, who wasn't moving. Knowing that she was unable to continue, he declared the match over and a new champion was born.
After giving the championship belt to Hilda, Hilda's group left the building and went to celebrate Hilda's victory. They didn't necessarily drink alcohol, at least not that much. Lea definitely refused to drink any type of alcohol, choosing to drink soda instead. Lea didn't want to go back to the way she used to be, and to do that, she wouldn't drink any alcohol. She wouldn't go back just by drinking alcohol, but she preferred to be on the safe side. After celebrating, everyone went to their own homes to rest for the night, but before that, they made sure that Hilda arrived to her apartment just fine. Lea, Alinda, and Salena volunteered to escort Hilda to her home. Once they arrived to Hilda's home, Lea, Alinda, and Salena said their goodbyes and started to slid away, but they were stopped.
"Hold it." Hilda quickly gave the order, and before Lea's group turned around, Hilda grabbed them in a group hug. "Thanks for the help." That got a smile from everyone.
"You should thank Lea. She's the one who started yelling like a maniac." Said Salena with a playful tone.
"She's right, if it wasn't for her, we would still be in shock by the sight of you going down." Said Alinda.
"True, but you all cheered for me, so thank you too." After Hilda said that with a smile, she let go and headed to her door. Before going in, she said a few last things. "Don't stay up for too long."
"Okay." Responded Lea's group.
"All right, good night." With that, Hilda went into her apartment. After that, Lea's group started to head to their homes. Before going to sleep, Lea felt that it was a good day, a very good day for everyone.

Chapter 15: Mathematics
A few days had passed since Lea's last match, and Lea was back to working at the gym. Every member at the gym already knew of Hilda's success at becoming the MSNABF champion. That motivated everyone to work hard and reach the same heights as Hilda. Everything was calm at the gym, until Lea was called to Alonso's office. Once Lea entered the office, she noticed that Hilda, Alinda, and Salena were already sitting on the couches, and waiting for Lea. Everyone in the room greeted Lea.
"Morning, everyone." Lea greeted back.
"How are you today?" Asked Alonso.
"I'm feeling better after a few days of rest." Answered Lea. She went to the doctor before and was told that she simply needed to rest.
"Glad to hear that."
"By the way, what's going on?" Asked Lea after seeing everyone in the room. It was unusual for everyone to be in the office at the same time, so it made Lea wonder about it.
"We actually learned about your next opponent." Informed Alinda.
"And since you guys never tell us right away, we decided to see it for ourselves." Said Salena with fake indignation, but she still hoped that they would let her know beforehand.
"I really don't have much to do, so I just tagged along." Said Hilda, who sounded nonchalantly, but she was curious on the inside.
"That pretty much sums it up, as to why they are here." Said Alonso, who wished that they were actually training instead of getting distracted, but decided to let it go, just once.
"Um, okay." Said Lea. She tried to find a seat and found it besides Hilda.
"As Alinda said, we got some information of your next opponent, who is in the semi-finals of this tournament. Her name is Tania Wilson, and as far as we have seen, she's an out-boxer with quite the skills." Amazement could be heard in Alonso's voice.
"Do we have any videos of her matches?"
"Of course, let's watch it." Alonso started the DVD. It showed another match in the tournament, first showing a Lamia with messy ear-length, light-chestnut hair, hazel eyes, and light brown skin color. She was fit, her body showed that she possessed enough strength to cause damage, but it didn't seemed resilient. Her opponent was a rough-looking boxer, with nearly shaved head, olive skin, and sharp green eyes.
"So, which one is Tania?" Asked Lea.
"Believe it or not, it's the first Lamia." Answered Alonso. That didn't surprise Lea. She had been surprised more than enough with her previous opponents, so she was ready for any type of boxer.
The match started with Tania approaching her opponent carefully, while the other boxer approached with no caution. Both boxers got closer with their guard up, but Tania tried to keep her distance from her opponent. The other boxer noticed that and charged in. Tania tried to keep the opponent at a distance with some left jabs. The opponent guarded from the attacks and started to close in, but Tania started to slide away from the opponent. The opponent tried to attack Tania with some jabs, but they were blocked by Tania, who retaliated with a jab of her own. It hit the opponent in the face, but it didn't seem to cause serious damage and she pressed forward. A right straight was thrown at Tania, but she quickly slid back and the punch didn't hit. Then, Tania followed the punch as it was been pulled back and threw a right punch. The punch hit, and it looked like it caused damage because the opponent actually staggered back. Tania moved into an in-fight distance and her opponent threw a left hook at Tania's head. Tania ducked the punch, and stood up with a left uppercut to the opponent's chin. The punch missed because the opponent leaned back and threw a right hook. Tania moved back and retaliated with two left jabs to the opponent's face. The opponent slid back in an attempt to recover from the attack, but Tania didn't allow that and moved forward. Her opponent tried to stop Tania with a left jab, but Tania stopped at the right distance to avoid getting hit. Then, she rushed in with a right straight, which landed on her opponent's face. Tania tried to take the momentum and threw a short left jab, causing the opponent to guard her face. It turned out to be a feint and Tania rushed in with a right uppercut, precisely to the opponent's solar plexus. It caused her opponent to drop her guard and Tania took the opportunity to throw a left hook at the opponent's temple. All the punches landed, but her opponent hanged on to consciousness and tried to defend herself with a left hook. Tania moved with the punch and ended to the opponent's right side. From that position, Tania landed a right straight on the opponent's temple, causing her opponent to get shaky. Tania was very close to winning by KO, so her opponent tightened her guard. Tania simply started to throw jabs at her opponent. Jab after jab, it didn't seem to really do any type of damage. The first round ended with Tania having the lead, and the second one went the same way, with Tania gaining the upper hand. By the third round, the opponent had her face swollen and showing signs of exhaustion, while Tania seemed to be in perfect condition. In that round, Tania started the fight with jabs to the opponent's face. The opponent was too tired to respond and got hit. The opponent tried to protect her head, leaving her body exposed. Tania took the chance to strike the solar plexus and sent her opponent to the mat. From there, the referee counted all the way to ten and ended the match in Tania's favor.
Everyone in the office was amazed by Tania's skill and complete control of the match.
"She'sstrong, very strong." Said Lea.
"That she is. Most of her fights were won by KO, with a few wins by decision. It is well noted that she has tremendous intelligence." Said Alonso, who had to admit that it was a good record.
"Is she a counter-puncher?"
"This is different from a counter-puncher." Said Alinda, who got deep in thought. "A counter-puncher relies on using the strength of the opponent, like me for example. What I saw in Tania was different, she may have studied her opponent in the first round, but she didn't necessarily learn the timings to use counters."
"Then, what did she learned?"
"As far as I could see, she was just gathering information to make a plan of attack."
"That would explain why she was so offensive at the end, she knew she made enough damage to KO her opponent." Said Hilda in a serious manner.
"The movements, the attacks, the areas, they were all precise." Said Alonso, who had to watch the video several times to notice that.
"Like an assassin." Salena cheerfully added to the conversation.
"More like a genius." Corrected Alinda, and she had to admit that it was impressive.
"Either way, she's not invincible, even a genius like her can be beaten. I already have some ideas on how to deal with her." Informed Alonso.
"Really? How?" Asked Lea, who was glad to hear that Alonso already had a plan.
"I'll let you know later, so go and do your normal workouts, but be ready. I'm going to add something new to it."
"I'm ready." Alonso could see that.
"Okay, let's get started." Alonso turned the TV off and everyone left the office to do their respective workouts, while Hilda went home because she was still resting from her previous match. Once Lea was ready to get started, she approached Alonso.
"I'm ready, coach." Said Lea with determination.
"Good, now go and lay on your back." After Alonso said that, Lea did as asked. "Yup, like that, now raise your upper body on your neck." Lea didn't question anything and did as told. "For starters, stay like that for 40 seconds." Alonso pulled out a sports timer and started it. Lea held her upper body through the 40 seconds. "Good, rest up for 10 seconds and we will do this again."
"So we're working on my neck?" Asked Lea while resting.
"Yup, a strong neck will help you resist damage from punches. You may have to rush in to get at your best range, but it means getting into a barrage of attacks. Therefore, you need to have more resistance to avoid getting knocked down."
"Sounds like a good plan." Lea always believed in the coach.
"There's another reason for why I want you to have more resistance."
"Really, what's that?" Lea returned to doing her new workout.
"Since she's an out-boxer, she might attack you from a distance, so you know what that means." Alonso's explanation made Lea think. Lea quickly realized what Alonso was talking about.
"I can use the Spear Strike."
"Exactly, but after seeing her fight at close range, she might stick to you to prevent that, so you have to force her away from you."
"Okay." With the plan already in place, Lea continued with her workout. Unfortunately, she knew that it wouldn't be an easy match, so she needed to be ready for anything.
At another gym, Tania was seen doing weights, starting with 20 pounds in each hand. While her body was training, she was making mental simulations and formulating battle plans in her mind. Tania was so focused in her thoughts, that she didn't notice her coach talking to her.
"Hey, Tania, Tania." Called a male voice. Tania didn't respond, so he moved in front of Tania and called her once again. "Tania!" Tania finally responded to the call.
"Huh? What?" Asked Tania, who was surprised and confused at the same time.
"You finally answer, what's gotten into you?" A male Vanara asked with concern. He had light golden brown hair, light brown eyes, and olive skin tone.
Vanaras were half-human, half monkeys, who were believed in the Hindu epics to be creatures with godly powers, capable of shape shifting and other supernatural powers. They looked pretty close to humans, except for a few things, like the tail, the ears, and the hand-looking feet. In ancient times, they lived closely to humans because it was easier for them to disguise themselves as humans. That was the only reason people believed them to have shape shifting powers. Some areas hunted them down to make them slaves or, as some documents indicated, pets. In modern times, they live all over the world, doing all sorts of jobs.
"Sorry, coach, I was going through my many, many simulations on how to fight my next opponent, Specter. As we have seen, she's a very powerful opponent, capable of defeating someone like the hard-hitting and resilient Luisa, or the flexible and quick Karen. Very strong, very scary, she makes quite the challenge, quite the test." Said Tania with a nearly expressionless face. She spoke fast, but the coach understood her because he had gotten used to it.
"Yeah yeah, I know, I still don't like the way you put it, but if it helps you in winning matches, then I can't complain." The Vanaras discontent was showing on his face.
"Don't worry, Aaron, I have made plans for her, calculated everything from her, but watching videos isn't enough, I need to fight the real Specter, need to calculate the real problem, need to have the precise numbers, no rounding up, not imaginary ones."
"Okay, but remember this, even tests can have trick questions in them."
"Do not worry, this test has no tricks, very straightforward, one must simply calculate, read the problem carefully, understand the problem, gather data, calculate, and solve the problem." There were times when Aaron wondered about Tania's ability to talk so fast without taking a breather.
"All right, now that we got that out of the way, why don't you take a rest? You get so lost in your thoughts that you sometimes forget when to take a break." There were times that her thoughts made her clumsy, like the time she hit a door on her way out.
"All right, good idea, I'll do that, right now." After Tania said that, she put the weights down and simply stayed on the bench. Aaron believed that she was going to keep thinking. With no other business with her, Aaron decided to take his leave.
"I keep wondering why you picked up a brutal sport like boxing, if you could have become something bigger than this with that intellect of yours."
It had been around a year since Tania started to box. The first impression that she gave, was that of a strange Lamia who didn't look like she could take down a five-year old. That impression was blown away when Tania fought her first sparring match. They found out that she was a genius, someone with the mind that could rival the very own Albert Einstein, maybe even smarter than him. She could calculate speed, distance, angle, and everything else about her opponents in less than a minute, maybe in 20 seconds. It turned out that Tania was a Math genius, which explained her ability to make such quick calculations and battle plans. Tania was a peculiar Lamia. She was capable of quick thinking and a fast learner, which also made her plan her entire speech. That explained her ability to talk so quickly. Even with that intellect, she never thought of others as foolish or slow, she simply knew that she thought differently than them. Unfortunately, not everyone thought the same way, making it difficult for her to make friends, which she didn't have in her school days. The teachers were a different story. They were all marveled by her intelligence, giving her perfect scores in her grades. That made her parents very happy because they knew that she could become someone in her life. It wasn't enough for Tania because she didn't feel the feeling of accomplishment, of success. She knew that gaining perfect scores was something to be proud of, but it felt dull to her. One day, while sliding back home from shopping, she slid by a boxing gym, which had a sparring match between two boxers. It got her attention, so she started to watch from the outside, watching every punch and movement. She quickly started to calculate the reach of each boxer, their speed, everything. After one of the boxers won the match, she was amazed by it, she felt the challenge in the boxing match. Tania went home, went straight to her room, and started to watch boxing videos in her computer. After Tania watched boxers win matches and championships, she imagined herself in their places. She could imagine the challenge of the match, the applause from the crowd, the accomplishment of a life time. On that day, she decided to become a boxer, which her parents weren't so happy about, but they had never seen her so enthusiastic about anything before. Even if they said no, she would keep the idea in mind. She was known to be somewhat stubborn, which was on rare occasions. Eventually, they decided to let her go to the gym and hoped that she would leave it soon or retire early in life. Since then, she had been considered a genius in the boxing world, many people started to consider her the champion of the tournament. Unfortunately, Lea was getting in Tania's way, and there was no other option, but to defeat her.
There was only two weeks left before the match and Lea's workout to strengthen the neck had paid off. It could be easy to notice the tough muscles in the neck. It made everyone believe that she could take a bat to the head and she could still keep fighting. Fortunately, it wasn't buff enough to make her look too big, but it was enough to show strength. While training, she was told that she had a visitor, but they didn't know who it was. If it was Julie, they would have known, since they have seen her before.
"I wonder who it is." Thought Lea. As she slid to the directed person, she started to realize who it was. "Zora!?" Said Lea in surprise.
"Hello, Lea, how are you?" Asked the Werebat journalist, who gave Lea a smile.
"I-I'm fine, h-how did you find me?"
"I remember the first gym that you joined, so I just needed to get the directions."
"Oh, okay. Sowhat brings you here?"
"I just wanted to hear some comments from the rising seeds in this tournament, starting with you." As Zora answered the question, she started to pull out a recorder from a pocket in her pants. She was wearing blue jeans with a sky-blue shirt, and black gloves. "What do you think of your opponent who has the reputation of been a genius?"
"Genius? I didn't know she had that reputation, but I know that she's a strong boxer." Calmly answered Lea, but she wasn't used to been interviewed, so she felt a little awkward.
"So, are you confident that you can defeat her?"
"Well, all I can do is keep working hard and put everything I have worked for in the match." Lea sounded timid.
"That's quite a humble response, but doesn't sound like you would lose."
"I believe in the coach and my training, I know I can beat her if I work hard enough." Zora could hear that Lea had complete faith in Alonso.
"No arrogance or overconfidence, you sound like a true sportswoman. Do you feel confident enough to say that you're going to win this tournament?" After hearing the question, Lea seemed to get serious and lost herself in her own thoughts. She looked at the floor and answered.
"I have no choice, I can't lose after coming this far." Zora knew when it was starting to get personal, so she decided to stop with her questions and put away the recorder.
"Thanks for taking some of your time for me." That got Lea's attention.
"Oh, uh, it's nothing, I was about to take a break anyways." Answered Lea in a polite way.
"You know, you're not the same Lea that I remember. I remember you been quiet the troublemaker and pretty much the definition of arrogance and greed." After Zora finished saying that, Hilda arrived at the gym. They could see that she went to do her roadwork.
"Hey, lass." Hilda greeted Lea before she noticed the guest. Hilda had to admit it, the guest was quite beautiful. "Well, hello there, are you a friend of the lass here?" Hilda tried to sound flattering, but it didnt seem to work well.
"I'm actually a journalist, and I came here to hear Lea's opinion about her next opponent." Answered Zora with a professional tone in her voice. After hearing Zora using Lea's, Hilda got serious.
"How do you know her name?" Asked Hilda with an intimidating voice.
"I actually remembered her the moment I saw her." Answered Zora without showing any signs of fear. Lea didn't like where it was going, so she decided to help calm things down.
"It's okay, Hilda, it's just an arrangement that we have. She will keep my name a secret as long as I let her interview me first." While Lea was saying that, she stood in front of Hilda. Lea's eyes pleading Hilda to calm down, but it didn't seem to be enough.
"So she blackmailed you." Said Hilda with a frown on her face and tried to get in Zora's face, but Lea stopped her.
"No noWell, okay, she did, but she didn't seem to have any ulterior motives." Lea looked at Zora, who had a perplexed face.
"Wait, are you two friends?" Asked Zora.
"Is that a problem?" Asked Hilda.
"No no, of course not. Is justI thought Lea didn't get along with the other members, especially with you. As far as I knew, Lea's attitude was quitehard to deal with, so I thought that you would have hard feelings against her."
"All was forgiven a long time now." Answered Hilda with a smile as she rubbed Lea's head. The display seemed to soften Zora.
"I see. Please believe me when I say that I had no intention of causing Lea any sort of trouble. I just needed to get a story, since that's the only way for me to make a living. Since Lea was a previous champion, I thought I could get one from her. Considering her past, I thought I wouldn't get one, without forcing her to. Sorry if I caused problems." Zora was completely sincere about her apology, and Hilda seemed to believe her because she started to calm down.
"Well, if the she's fine with it, then I'm fine with it too."
"She's actually a nice person." Zora started to feel more respect for Hilda.
"Now, how about we celebrate this with a cup of coffee with me? My treat of course."
"And now, she ruins it. You're quiet persistent, is the national champion always trying to flirt with women?" Zora's contempt was showing on her face.
"Only with beautiful women such as yourself." Answered Hilda while continuing with her flirting.
"Okay, I was thinking of getting an interview from you, but I changed my mind. See you later, Lea, and good luck on your next match."
"Take care, Zora." Answered Lea and Zora started to head to the door. Hilda didn't let that discourage her and started to follow Zora.
"Want me to walk you home?" Asked Hilda, who tried to sound like a proper person.
"You don't have legs." Said Zora, who wasn't falling for such a gentry move from Hilda.
"Slide, walk, the point is still the same."
"No thank you, I can fly." Once Zora was outside, she opened her wings, started to flap them, lifted herself off the ground, and flew away. Hilda stood outside of the gym, watching Zora fly away, and Lea slid towards Hilda to stand beside her.
"I don't think she likes you that much." Said Lea, who didn't like it when people thought badly of Hilda, especially when she was actually a good person.
"Oh, don't worry about it. Persistence always gets you results. Besides, I'm sure she'll warm up to me when she gets to know me." Responded Hilda with a playful smile.
"So, you don't flirt with women all the time?"
"Oh no, she got that right, but there's a reason why I do that."
"Really? What's that?"
"Don't worry about it, lass. Besides, you have enough on your end to worry about." Hilda rubbed Lea's head.
"What do you mean?"
"You'll find out some other time. Now, let's go back in, we still have some work to do."
"Oh, okay." They both went into the gym and resumed their training.
The next day, Lea was taking the day off, and decided to make a phone call to Julie. Lea promised to Jenny that she would try to visit more often, but she got busy preparing for her next match. Once Lea dialed the number, the phone started to ring, and kept ringing for a few more moments, until Julie answered.
"Hey, Lea, how are you?" Greeted Julie with her usual cheerfulness.
"Hello, I'm doing well, I just wanted to know if I could go and visit." Said Lea.
"Of course, I'm still working, but I should be done in a little while. I might be done by the time you get here."
"Oh, okay. Then, I'll head there right now."
"Okay, see you later."
"See you." They both hanged up and Lea prepared to leave. Since it was at Julie's place, she decided to dress with her usual cargo pants, a t-shirt, and a sleeveless vest with a hood. On the first day that Zora found out about Lea, Lea started wearing hoods more frequently, to avoid anyone else recognizing her. Lea took the bus and simply waited until the bus reached her destination, or as close as it could get. Once she got off the bus, Lea slid towards the house, and went in. Before she could start asking around about Julie, she heard someone calling her name.
"Lea!" Said a familiar, little girl's voice and Lea looked towards the source of the voice. Lea only got a glimpse of Jenny, before she started running straight to Lea and jumped towards her. Jenny jumped so high that she easily reached Lea's chest level, and grabbed Lea in a hug, which Lea returned by hugging back. After that, Jenny looked at Lea. "You came back." Jenny had a smile on her face.
"Hey, Jenny, how have you been?" Asked Lea while smiling back at Jenny.
"I've been good, why did it take you so long to come back?"
"I'm sorry, I've been busy with something, but I have the whole day, so what do you want to do?" Before Jenny could answer, Julie walked up to them.
"Actually, she has some homework to do and we were just about to do it." Said Julie with a smile. She had a book, a notebook, and writing material in one arm.
"Hey, Julie, is good to see you." Lea put the girl down.
"It's good to see you too." Julie walked to Lea and gave her a hug. Lea seemed to be getting used to it because she returned the hug. After a few moments, they let go of each other.
"Wait, homework? Is she doing okay?" Lea started to worry because she knew that school could get difficult.
"Don't worry, she's doing okay, there's just some things that she's having problems with, nothing serious. Besides, I always try to help the kids whenever I can with their school work." Julie put her hands on her hips and lifted her head, feeling proud for helping the kids.
"That's amazing. You do that while maintaining this house." Said Lea in wonder.
"Yeah, it makes me wish to help them more than working behind a desk." The thought made Julie's shoulder slump a little.
"Well, I wasn't that good at school, but I could try to help." Lea started to rub her head, feeling a little embarrassed after revealing that.
"Well, it's just simple math problems, nothing too serious. Come on, we can talk while I help Jenny with her work." That lifted Lea's mood.
"Sounds good for me." After that, they started to head to the stairs, but Lea knew that the second floor had the bedrooms and the office. Once they reach them, they go downstairs, which would be a first for Lea. "Where are we going?"
"To the library." Answered Julie.
You have a library downstairs?
Yup. They reach the bottom of the stairs and move towards the end of the corridor, which splits into two corridors, one going left and the other going right. They go to the right, and Lea could see that there were three different doors, but they enter the first one, and into the library. The place had shelves and bookcases filled with books, many of them for children. Others were encyclopedias and reference books, the library had many books of many categories. On one half of the library, where chairs and tables, where some kids were sitting to either read or work on something. To the left of the door, was a desk, where they see Nick, who was busy reading a book of his own. He notice the trio arriving at the library and took his eyes away from the book to look at them.
"Well, hello there. Hey, Lea, it's been a while." Greeted Nick with a friendly smile.
"Hey, Nick, how have you been?" Said Lea, who was happy that the old lizardman was doing well.
"I'm still alive and kicking, as you can see. What brings you guys here?"
"We're going to help Jenny with her homework." Answered Julie.
"Well, don't let me keep you, stay as long as you need to." Said Nick.
"Thanks, Nick. Okay, let's go to that table." Julie pointed to a nearby table and the trio head to it to take a seat. Once seated, Julie put the book down and gave it to Jenny, who opened it to the assigned page. It was mostly simple math, with additions and subtractions. Jenny didn't complain, but they could see that Jenny would prefer to do something else than her homework.
"I know how you feel, Jenny, I didn't like doing my homework either, but it's for your own good to know these things." Said Lea.
"I know, but it's so boring." Answered Jenny with a pout on her face.
"Don't be sad, we can play with Lea once you're done with your homework, okay?" Suggested Julie and Jenny liked the idea.
"Okay." After that, Jenny started to work on her math problems. While Jenny was working on her math problems, Julie and Lea started to have some small talk, wondering what the other has been up to. Lea simply mentioned how busy she had been at the gym, never mentioning anything about her matches. Julie said that she had been doing nothing special and everything in the house was going well. Lea and Julie kept their conversation going, until Jenny called for Julie's attention.
"Excuse me, Julie." Said Jenny, hoping that she wasn't interrupting something important.
"Oh, do you need help?" Asked Julie. She knew that Jenny would only call for help.
"Yeah, in this part." Jenny pointed to the part of the book where it was showing some division problems.
"Division? I thought it was only addition and subtractions." Said Lea, who didn't expect Jenny to be dealing with something like that.
"Oh no, it may not look like it since she's actually very quiet, but she's really smart. Look at these problems." Said Julie, and she pointed to the mentioned addition and subtractions problems. To Lea's surprise, some of the math problems were more advanced than she thought it would be.
"She can actually do this without any help? If she's asking for help now, it must be something insanely high leveled for her." Lea looked at the problem that Jenny was having problems with. It was an easy problem for Lea, but she didn't expect a kid at Jenny's age to be able to solve it. "That's pretty impressive, you're pretty impressive, Jenny." Lea looked at Jenny in amazement.
"Thanks, but I'm having problems with these ones." Said Jenny, who started to point out the problems. "I'm trying to do them, but I don't understand them, and I try to read the explanation, but it's too confusing." Both Lea and Julie could see that Jenny was falling under the pressure of the problem.
"It's okay, Jenny, come here." Said Julie. She tried to calm Jenny using a soothing voice, and then, Julie grabbed Jenny in a hug. The move seemed to work because Jenny returned the hug and smiled at Julie. "Now, let me help you with it." Julie started to explain how to do the problem, and Jenny paid close attention. Lea considered it a cute scene.
"Was it something new for you?" Asked Lea.
"Not really, the teacher explained it really well, I just didn't expect it to get more difficult." Answered Jenny.
"It's alright, I also fell for this kind of stuff, but I wasn't that much into it. Of course, I tried my best to do it right, but in the end, my parents tended to help me out."
After that, Jenny continued with her homework and finished with Julie's help. Once they were done, they went to Jenny's room to put her stuff away and went to the backyard to play with the other kids. After playing for a while, they stopped to eat lunch. Julie and Lea took the opportunity to eat together, along with Jenny. After the meal, they spent more time with the kids, but some of them went to their rooms after a while, and the rest wanted to watch movies with Lea and Julie. Lea didn't have any problem with it, even if the movies were made for kids. It was decided that they would watch them at Julie's room, which Julie had no problem with. When everyone reached Julie's room, the kids took a seat on the floor. Lea and Julie took a seat on the bed with some of the smaller kids. By the time they finished with the third movie, it was already starting to get dark, so the kids decided to go to their rooms. They didn't go to sleep just yet, but they wanted to spend some time for themselves. After the last of the kids was gone, Julie spoke to Lea.
"Say, what if we watch something more to our age?" Julie didn't mind cartoons, but preferred something different.
"Okay, what do you have in mind?" Lea was curious to know Julie's taste in movies. When Lea gave her answer, Julie went to the TV's furniture and opened the small doors, revealing a lot of movies.
"Well, I got some action movies, sci-fi movies, comedy, whatever you like."
"It's okay, you can pick the movie."
"Okay, let's watch this one. I haven't seen this one yet." Julie showed the mentioned movie.
"Too busy to watch them?"
"Yup." With that said, Julie put the movie and played it.
"Where do you get these movies? Gifts?"
"Well, when a staff member goes to buy movies, I ask them to buy some for me, with my money, of course." After that, they watched the movie, which Lea liked, even if the ending was predictable. After that, Lea watched the clock and said.
"Uh oh, it's getting late. I better hurry if I want to reach the gym at a good time." Lea started to get up from the bed.
"Don't worry, I can take you."
"If it's not a bother."
"Of course not, come on." They leave Julie's room and get to Julie's car. Once they arrive at the gym, Lea got out of the car, said her goodbyes to Julie, and went into the gym. The gym was closed for the night, so she simply headed to her apartment, ate something for dinner, took a shower, put on her pajamas, and headed to bed.
The next day, Lea was working with Alonso on the mitts.
"That's it, keep punching, don't stop punching, every moment you stop punching, your giving Tania time to plan an escape." Said Alonso and went quiet as Lea kept punching. Suddenly, Alonso put the mitt to the right side of his body. "Here!" As Alonso prepared to take the punch, Lea threw a Liver Blow to the mitt on Alonso's body. The sound it made would make anyone cringe and believe that taking one of those body blows could break a rib or two. "Good, one of these punches would stop Tania in her movements, but you can't charge in so quickly. Put the pressure on her. Keep it coming until you see an opportunity. Then, punch with all you got and stop her from moving. It would make it easier to take her on in an in-fight."
"Isn't she going to be ready for this? She's called the 'genius' for something." Questioned Lea.
"Technique and intelligence, these are important parts in boxing, but even these do not make a boxer invincible. All of that can be defeated with determination and hard work. Now, rest up for a little while, and we'll get back to your training." Alonso took the mitts off and walked away to help other boxers.
"Okay." Lea took off her gloves and slid to a bench. While resting, Hilda approached Lea.
"Hey, lass, can I ask you something?" Asked Hilda, who sounded eager.
"Yeah, of course." Answered Lea.
"Great, great, do you know if Zora is coming any time soon?"
"Not really, why do you ask?"
"Come on, lass, you know I'm interested on her, and you seem to be the closest to her." Hilda's eyes were accusing Lea of hiding something.
"Sorry, Hilda, she never tells me when she's coming." Lea tried to be as sincere as possible, and Hilda could see that Lea was telling the truth.
"That sucks. I could have tried to ask her out." Hilda looked saddened.
"Not this again." They heard a voice behind Hilda and they turned to the source, which turned out to be Alinda, who looked annoyed.
"What do you mean by, 'not this again'?" Hilda started to feel a little insulted.
"You fool around with women, but you never keep a relationship, they're mostly just one night stands."
"At least I have some fun every once in a while, I bet you're still a virgin." Hilda gave Alinda a mocking grin.
"T-that's not the point here. Remember the last time you tried to have a relationship, but got dumped."
"You got dumped?" Asked Lea, who got surprised by that new information.
"A long time ago." Answered Hilda, who looked bothered.
"A time that would live in infamy, she came to the gym with such an awful mood that no one wanted to spar with her. The only one brave enough to work with her was the coach himself, and let me tell you, I don't want a repeat of that." Said Alinda.
"It wasn't that bad." Hilda thought that Alinda was exaggerating.
"Not that bad?! I think five people left the gym because of you."
"Well, the past is in the past, let's enjoy the now. Besides, there's someone here who has it the worst." Hilda gave a suspicious smile to Alinda.
"I'm fine as it is. She has to support her family, so she doesn't have time for relationships."
"You could help her with that, and imagine if you two were together. Going to the movies, eat at a fancy restaurant, and imagine where it would lead." While Hilda was saying that, she put her left arm around Alinda and they turned around.
"I-I don't know what you're talking about." Alinda turned her face away from Hilda, in an attempt to hide a blush.
"She's quiet cheerful and straight-forward, but it might be a disguise to hide a wild beast in bed." Said Hilda as they looked at the mentioned Lamia at the other side of the gym, working on the heavy bag. Alinda tried to avoid it, but her face started to get even redder. "And so, you should just tell her how you feel."
"It's not that simple." Alinda sounded a little depressed.
"Yes it is."
"Because you're used to it." Responded Alinda as she looked back at Hilda.
"Maybe, but listen, if you don't say something quick, someone else will and you're going to regret not saying a word." Alinda seemed to think about it.
"I don't know. I need to be ready for it." Alinda didn't seem convinced.
"Of course, but remember, we're here to support you, right, Lea?" Asked Hilda to the Lamia behind them.
"Idon't know what you were talking about, but yeah, you can count on me." Said Lea.
"See, so take your time, get your courage, and go ask her out." Said Hilda.
"You know, you're right, I should just go and ask her." Said Alinda, and Hilda could see that Alinda was determined to do it.
"That's the spirit, now go get her, lass." Hilda let go of Alinda and the little Lamia slid straight to Salena. "Well, now that she's off my back, are you sure Zora isn't coming today?" Said Hilda as she turned towards Lea.
"Did you just say that to make her leave?" Asked Lea, and she was suspecting a yes.
"Kind of, but I tried to help her out, look." Said Hilda as she pointed at Alinda, who approached Salena. They seem to get into a small conversation, which ended too quickly in Hilda's opinion. Alinda went back to Lea and Hilda with a face that was hard to read. "Sohow did it go?" Alinda let her shoulders fall, let out a big sigh, and said.
"I ended up asking how she was doing and when was her next match. When I tried to say what I wanted, I just felt too nervous and left." Alinda was looking more depressed than before.
"Whoa, welluh." Said Hilda, who didn't know what to say.
"I-It's okay Alinda, I'm sure you'll get another chance, just don't give up, okay?" Said Lea, who was eagerly trying to cheer Alinda up.
"What makes you think I will give up? I have been trying for a long time. I can't just let it end here." Answered Alinda, which brought relief to Lea and Hilda, knowing that Alinda wouldn't let it bring her down forever.
"That's the spirit, you can try another time." Said Hilda with a smile, and gave a few light pats on Alinda's back.
"Hey, chica, how long are you going to be talking there, we need to keep training." Said Alonso.
"Oh, sorry, sir. See you guys later." Said Lea. She got up from the bench, put her gloves on, and slid back into the ring. With Lea gone, Hilda and Alinda decided to do the same and prepared for any future fights.

Chapter 16: Time for the Test
It was the day of the match. Lea, Alonso, and Fergus were heading to the venue where the weigh-in would take place. They arrive to the building, head to the designated room, and enter. Lea's group found that Tania, along with her coach, was already inside. They could see that she was already dressing back into her street clothes, which made Lea believe that they were late.
"Are we late?" Whispered Lea.
"No, we are in good time. They may have come here earlier than normal. For what reason, I don't know, but we're here, so let's get this done." Answered Alonso with a straight face.
"All right." Lea started to take off her clothing, only leaving her underwear, and slid to the scale. Lea passed the weigh-in and started to dress, not noticing the gaze of her opponent. Tania was paying close attention to Lea's height and arm reach, without anyone noticing, except for her own coach. Tania quickly noticed that Lea was taller by a few inches, which was strange to Tania. As far as she had studied, in-fighters were shorter, but Lea was too tall for it. However, in-fighters also had shorter reach than the average boxer, and Tania quickly found out that Lea's arms were a little short. Eventually, Lea got the feeling that someone was watching her, so she turned around, and found Tania staring at Lea. At that moment, Lea was done changing, but that didn't bother Tania because she wasn't interested in Lea's looks. Lea was wondering why Tania was still staring at Lea.
"Hey, Tania, are you done taking measurements?" Asked Aaron in a whisper because he didn't want Lea to find out what Tania was doing.
"Yes, I'm done, but it's different measuring at a distance, not the same as feeling it, not reliable until I have seen a punch, felt a punch firsthand." Answered Tania with a straight face.
"If you're done, then why not greet her? You might not see her after the match."
"You're right, I should watch my manners, and my mother always wanted me to show proper manners." Tania started to slid towards Lea. Lea noticed Tania approaching and didn't know what to do, not even when Tania stood right in front of Lea. At that moment, Lea did the first thing that came to mind.
"H-hello, Tania, nice to meet you." Said Lea. She offered her hand, which Tania looked at and quickly shook.
"Hello, Specter, if that is your name, quite an interesting ring name, why did you pick that one? Then again, is none of my business, is yours only, not mine." Responded Tania. Lea barely caught any of Tania's words, and after Tania said that, they let go of their hands.
"Uh, yeah, but it wasn't me who picked it. Anyways, I wish you good luck in our upcoming match." Lea gave Tania a timid smile.
"Oh yes, thank you very much, the same goes to you, but it would have been best if you haven't come to the weigh-in, maybe after me or before me. Either way, it wasn't a good idea." Informed Tania, which confused both Lea and Alonso.
"What do you mean by that?" Asked Alonso in suspicion.
"I could tell the strength of Specter, strong muscles, strong grip, could cause serious damage to me, but I have gathered better measurements through the handshake, I have a better idea of how far she can reach with each punch, she won't be able to reach me now." Answered Tania, and Alonso didn't miss any of it because he was paying close attention.
"We'll see in the match. Let's go, chica." Alonso started to leave the room, followed by Fergus and Lea.
Lea, Alonso, and Fergus were outside of the building, and heading back to the gym.
"Do you think Tania was right? Maybe I shouldn't have shaken hands with her." Said Lea.
"Just because she's your opponent it doesn't mean you have to forget your manners. Even if she did gathered information, it's not the same thing when you're facing your opponent in the ring. Besides, I took a good look at her body." Answered Alonso, who started to calm down.
"What do you think? I wasn't paying attention."
"She's fit, and seems to have trained to have a better punching power, but it didn't look like she could take a punch."
"In other words"
"A good punch to the body or the head could stop her in her tracks. Either way, she won't be able to trade blows against you. I'm pretty sure she knows this, so she will try to attack you from a distance or with extreme precaution."
"Then, I'll have to force her to fight me head on." Lea felt confident that she would win at a close range.
"Easier said than done, that's why I added training for the neck, so that you can keep going and take punishment if necessary."
"I hope that's enough."
"It will be. Now go home and rest. Tonight is going to be busy." After Alonso said that, they all continued on their way to the gym to prepare for the upcoming match against a mathematical genius.
That night, Lea, her friends, and her seconds headed to the venue where Lea's match would take place. Just like always, Lea's friends went to take their seats, while Lea waited in the locker room for the call of the staff. Lea was warming up, working in her combinations, shadow boxing, trying to tell how to attack Tania, and how to respond to her attacks. Lea tried to spar with some of the members who were out-boxers. Alinda was one of them, but it wasn't the same as dealing with the real person. In another locker room, Tania was warming up, just like any other boxer, but her mind was elsewhere. Tania was making calculations, battle plans, finding probabilities on how Lea would react, and how far Lea could reach. Most importantly, Tania was calculating her probabilities of avoiding and dodging all of Lea's attacks.
"You look more nervous than before." Said Aaron, and he didn't like it one bit.
"Not nervous, simply thinking, calculating, I know I can win this match, but have to be careful, not reckless, must avoid every single punch, or I might lose and quickly." Answered Tania.
"Good point, and I saw Lea's body. Let me tell you, she can take punishment, especially in the head."
"Yes, she's strong, and really tough, but there's something that I want to take down, something that can help me win by knock out." By the time Tania was done talking, a staff member entered her locker room to inform her that her match was about to begin.
"Well, whatever it is that you have planned, it better work against Specter, or this is going to be a long fight." After Aaron said that, they both leave the locker room and head to the arena. Lea was already informed of her match and started to head to the arena with her seconds. Both Lea and Tania entered the arena and started heading to the ring. Lea was hoping to bring Tania down with pressure, while Tania will use a secret weapon that she hadn't mentioned to Aaron. Both boxers arrive at the ring and slide into it. Among the audience, Lea's friends started a conversation about Tania.
"So, what do you think about Tania?" Hilda asked to Alinda.
"She looks ready, sharp. She won't attack in the first rounds. The fight might go all the way to the last round." Answered Alinda, who was carefully watching Tania.
"She might try to end it early, since Lea could take her down easily." Said Salena. She didn't believe that Tania could take that much damage.
"If she can land a punch." Answered Alinda.
"Let's just hope that Lea can come out on top from this." Added Hilda, and they all decide to give their best wishes to Lea.
Both boxers were waiting on their corners with their seconds.
"Remember, Lea, put the pressure on Tania and take whatever chance you get to land a body blow." Said Alonso.
"Yeah." Responded Lea. On the other corner, Tania was also receiving advice.
"You got to avoid Specter's attacks at any cost. Taking one of those blows from her could be bad news for you." Said Aaron.
"Don't worry, I'll be fine, there's something that I can use if things get too difficult." Answered Tania. The announcer ordered the seconds to leave the ring and both boxers waited for the bell. Meanwhile, the audience was waiting to see whether the genius or the fighter would come out victorious. The audience didn't have to wait for long because the bell ringed.
To start things off, Lea dashed towards Tania's corner in an attempt to trap Tania in her corner as soon as possible. Tania barely escaped from the corner by moving to the right side and attacked with jabs, which Lea blocked with her usual Peek-a-boo style. Tania used a very common stance, which many would call "a textbook stance", but it was still effective. Lea continued to pursue Tania, but Lea didn't throw any attacks because she needed to trap Tania or find a chance first. Tania moved around and kept throwing jabs at Lea, who easily blocked them. Lea kept chasing Tania in an attempt to put pressure on her. Unfortunately, Lea noticed that Tania was still calm. She didn't show signs of suffering any type of pressure. Since chasing didn't seem to be working at all, Lea decided to throw some jabs to make things more difficult for Tania. Lea threw a left jab at Tania, who dodged it by leaning back. Tania fought back with a left jab, which Lea ducked. Then, she tried to rush in, but Tania slid back with a left jab, which Lea blocked. Lea attempted to throw another jab, but Tania avoided the punch, not by leaning back, but simply by moving back. Lea moved forward and attempted to hit with a left jab, but it was blocked. It didn't hit Tania, but it seemed to have surprised her, if only a little.
In Tania's corner, Aaron noticed the surprise on Tania's face, which surprised him.
"Was it really that strong of a jab? I know that Specter have an insane punching power, but wasn't expecting Tania to be surprised by it. Either way, it won't matter if none of those punches land cleanly. It would be just a matter of time before Tania gets complete knowledge of her opponent." Thought Aaron. On Lea's corner, even if Lea hadn't landed anything, none of the seconds looked worried.
"Not a bad start, chica. Now, Tania knows of your destructive punching power, the knowledge of having to avoid every single punch would be a good mental strain for Tania. Don't let up, we're just getting started." Thought Alonso in confidence.
"That was a strong jab, stronger than anticipated, must be careful, I can't let even a jab hit me." Thought Tania to herself and proceeded to throw more jabs at Lea, which Lea blocked. Lea was still having some problems in catching Tania because she only moved around and threw jabs at Lea. Fortunately, Lea could feel with her block that Tania didn't have a destructive punching power. With that in mind, Lea was going to try a simultaneous exchange in the next jab. Tania threw a left jab at Lea, and Lea took the opportunity to throw a left jab. Lea was expecting to make it into a simultaneous exchange, but it didn't happen. Instead, she was punched in the face, and didn't feel anything on her fist. Fortunately, it didn't cause as much damage as she thought. She felt some pain, but it didn't seem to be serious.
"Good thing my neck is tough, but it doesn't make me feel that much better. I thought my fist would land, what happened?" Thought Lea. While she was wondering about that, Tania took the chance to attack with a right to Lea's face, which Lea barely ducked. "It doesn't matter, if making exchanges is not an option, then I'll stick close to her and attack the body." Lea dashed forward in an attempt to reach Tania's body, but Tania seemed to be moving fast enough and kept Lea at punching range. Jabs hit Lea's guard, making it difficult for Lea to rush in, but she wasn't willing to let it go like that and kept pressing forward. Unfortunately, Lea couldn't close in on Tania, but Tania was throwing jabs at Lea that were easy to block. However, it only meant that Tania was in control of the match, which meant that the judges would give the match to Tania. Lea didn't care about that because she planned to end it with a KO. The problem was to actually land a punch on Tania, who seemed to be doing a good job at avoiding Lea's punches. Suddenly, Tania decided to stop sliding away and rushed in. Lea didn't know why Tania would do that, but Lea took that as an opportunity to attack with some hooks and uppercuts. To start things out, Lea attempted a left hook, which Tania dodged by moving with the punch. Then, Lea attempted with a right hook, but again, Tania dodged by moving with the punch. That frustrated Lea and threw a left uppercut at Tania's body, but was blocked with the right arm.
One minute into the fight, and it didn't look like Lea was doing as well as people thought. Even though out-boxers tend to have problems with in-fighters, it seemed that Tania was getting control of the match. Lea attempted to attack with hooks and uppercuts. Unfortunately, Tania had gotten the speed and timing, which made it easy to dodge Lea's punches. Tania was also getting the speed of Lea's punch recovery. After dodging a right hook, Tania slid to Lea's right side and attempted to throw a right at Lea's temple, but Lea barely ducked in time. Lea saw that as her opportunity to try to attack with a left uppercut to Tania's body. Unfortunately, Tania dodged the attack by moving back and countered with a left jab to Lea's face. Again, the punch wasn't very damaging, even if it was a counter. However, Lea knew that taking too many punches was never good, so she needed to put pressure. With that mentality, Lea moved forward under a barrage of left jabs, but couldn't catch Tania.
"Damn it, I can't close in, she just keeps moving away from me while keeping the right distance to attack. Still, I can't let that discourage me. I have to keep moving forward, I have to trap her in the corner somehow." Thought Lea. She chased after Tania, but that time, Lea was aiming for any corner. Considering that none of those punches was hurting, Lea started to push forward, making sure that Tania headed straight to one of the nearest corners. Tania was still punching with left jabs, but wasn't paying attention on where she was headed. Lea made sure to keep Tania heading straight to a corner. Eventually, the plan paid off and Tania ended up in one of the neutral corners.
"So this is where you were leading me to, I thought you would be just a straight-forward boxer, but I may have miscalculated that. No matter, I can think of someway to escape." Thought Tania. Of course, Tania had to think quickly because Lea wasn't going to let Tania get away.
In the audience, Alinda, Salena, and Hilda, were in their seats watching the match.
"Way to go! Tania is going to feel the pain in no time." Said Salena.
"I wonder, out-boxers like me tend to know how to escape from the corner. Considering how smart Tania is, she's going to find a quick way out of this predicament." Responded Alinda with a serious face.
"I agree with Alinda. I mean, just look at Tania's face, she doesn't look disturbed about it. It looks like Tania was expecting this move from Lea." Said Hilda, who was looking as serious as Alinda.
"I'm sure Lea can manage even with that, I have complete faith that she's going to win." Said Salena, and the other two agree with that, but they knew that it wouldn't be as easy as Salena thought.
Lea dashed forward in an attempt to make it into an in-fight, but Tania thought of something to get out of the corner. Lea threw a right hook at Tanias head, which Tania ducked, and escaped the ropes by slipping around Lea. Lea wasn't expecting Tania to get out of the corner so easily, but Lea simply chased after Tania. Tania kept her distance with left jabs, so Lea decided to weave and dodge the punches. That became a little problem for Tania because it was making it harder to actually hit Lea. However, Tania started to observe Lea's weaving and trying to memorize the rhythm of the weaving. It took over five seconds to memorize, and soon enough, Tania was able to hit Lea more often. Of course, that wouldn't discourage Lea one bit. She kept moving forward, while avoiding and parrying any punch that managed to hit her guard. Tania paid it no mind because she was confident that she would be able to avoid Lea with ease. Lea continued to chase after Tania, while Tania kept attacking with endless jabs at Lea, but unable to stop Lea's advance. Seeing that throwing jabs wouldn't be enough to take down the tougher Lea, Tania would have to bring Lea down with counters. However, if Tania kept going as such, she might avoid any type of damage and win by decision. Not wanting to take risks, Tania preferred to keep her rhythm and kept throwing jabs at Lea. Unable to reach Tania by avoiding and blocking the punches, Lea decided to force her way in. When Tania landed a left jab on Lea's face, Lea didn't stop there and simply forced her way through the punch. Lea's move paid off and reached Tania's body, taking the opportunity to throw a right uppercut to Tania's body. Tania managed to slid back and counter with a right straight to Lea's face.
On the second minute of the first round, Tania's counter didn't seem to make serious damage, but Lea felt it. The fact that Tania knew where the punch would land, and have the ability to counter, made Lea wonder if Tania could read minds.
"How did she knew that? Was my movement too obvious? Was it too slow? I shouldn't worry about it. I can't stop just because I took that counter. I have to keep pushing forward." Thought Lea. She continued to move forward, which surprised Tania, but only a little bit.
"Still moving forward? I hit her with a right counter, must have hurt, should have hurt, she should be feeling the damage to the head. Her vision should be more hazy. If not, Specter is tougher than expected, very resilient, must keep moving, I can't afford to take a hit from her." Thought Tania. She was starting to feel mental pressure, and didn't notice that she moved too far for her punches to reach Lea. Lea took the chance to move forward, while Tania recovered one of her punches. The only thing that saved Tania from getting into Lea's punching range, was the fact that she kept moving away from Lea. That didn't stop Lea and she kept moving as if the counter didn't even happened, even though she actually felt something. The only reason why she could absorb it to such an extent was because of the neck training. Unfortunately, she knew that it could turn dangerous if the fight continued that way. Then again, Lea had no other plan to fight Tania, unless Lea used her Sunday punch, the Spear Strike. The only thing preventing Lea from using it was the fact that Tania could counter the attack and cause serious damage.
"I have no choice. This might be enough to put tremendous pressure on her." With that in mind, Lea pulled her tail forward, put it into a tight zigzag form, and prepared herself to launch her attack. Lea had learned the distance that her attack could reach, but she couldn't move too fast while her tail was in that form, and Tania noticed that.
"This is what I was waiting, throw it if you can, it would be the end of the match." Tania slowly moved forward, knowing that the attack moved fast, so she needed to be ready to dodge or block it. Once Tania was in Lea's range, Lea launched herself with a right straight, which was going faster than Tania expected. Tania knew that she wouldn't be able to move away in time, so she decided to block it and memorize the timing. The Spear Strike was barely blocked, but it was so strong, so powerful, that it pushed her all the way to the ropes.
Tania's corner was alarmed by what just happened. They weren't expecting Tania to be pushed back, especially after blocking the punch.
"Holy mother of god, thats out of this world, I'm surprised that Tania's arms weren't torn apart!" Thought Aaron, who was obviously agitated. "Well, no matter, since Tania managed to block it on time, but I'm surprised that she would slide right into range of that crazy attack." On Lea's corner, they were suspicious of Tania because they could see that she voluntarily slid into the attack's range.
"Is that part of her research? Tania must be insane to do something like that, but if she is as smart as everyone say, then she will learn everything she needs. It would be better if the chica refrained from using it." Thought Alonso.
When Tania revealed her face, everyone could see that there was blood coming out from her nose. That surprised Lea, but the one that was more surprised than her, was Tania herself. Seeing that as a good sign, Lea dashed forward, and tried to trap Tania on the ropes. Tania pulled herself together and started throwing jabs at Lea, trying to keep her away and escape from the ropes. It was useless because Lea kept moving forward, even if it hit her. Lea reached Tania and threw a left hook at Tania's body. Tania avoided the attack by pushing the ropes behind her, which created enough space to make the hook miss. Then, Tania retaliated with another jab to Lea's face. Lea attacked with a right uppercut to Tania's body, but it was parried to the side. Tania didn't waste any time to use that opportunity to escape from the ropes. Once she was out, she attacked with a left jab to Lea's head, but Lea blocked it with a shoulder. Tania decided to create distance and started to attack with more left jabs to Lea's head. The chasing went on again, but seeing that the Spear Strike actually touched Tania, Lea prepared to use it again. Tania noticed that and prepared herself to see the attack again. It wasn't to counter it, but because she wanted to find something curious about the attack. Once Tania was in range, Lea attacked with another Spear Strike. Tania blocked and slid back to reduce the force of the punch thrown at her. By the time Lea recovered her punch, the bell ringed and the referee got between them. Then, he ordered the boxers to return to their corners, and Lea did as told, just like Tania.
Lea reached her corner, and her seconds started to work on her. Lea didn't seem to have any serious injuries on her, not even a little swelling on her face.
"Did you notice?" Asked Alonso.
"Notice what?" Responded Lea in confusion.
"You didn't, huh? At the beginning of this round, she has been doing research on you."
"Research? So the first exchange" Lea didn't want to finish because she wouldn't like to hear it.
"She landed the punch because she knew that your range was shorter than her and used that to counter you. Just like the other counters, she knows how far and how fast you can swing, but there's nothing to worry about. She's starting to feel pressure, remember when one of her punches missed you?"
"Wasn't because I was weaving? I noticed that it became more difficult to hit me."
"No, she actually moved too far back, making the distance between the two of you too far for her lefts. This shows that the pressure is getting to her, keep it up and she will start to panic."
"Maybe I should use the Spear Strike more often, she seems to realize how dangerous it is to block it, and maybe she won't try to counter that."
"That might be too risky. If she learns the speed and timings, then she will be able to counter, which could mean trouble for you. First, stop her movement, and then you can use it on her. Hopefully, you won't need it at all, since Tania doesn't seem to have a lot of punching power and you would win any exchanges."
"All right." Lea took the rest of the interval to rest up, while the seconds prepared her for the next round. On the other corner, Tania's seconds were working on the bleeding nose, trying to clean it up to make it easier to breath for Tania.
"Was that your plan?! Countering the Spear Strike?! That's just too risky, if you get hit with that insane attack, it would take you down with one hit! We don't have the luxury to take even a single one, just play it safe and we can win in the later rounds!" Said Aaron, who was nearly begging Tania to take the safe way.
"Playing it safe would mean giving Lea more time to close in, too risky both ways, must find a way to end the match quickly, can't let it go on for long. Countering the Spear Strike is the fastest way, won't bring her down, but will leave her weakened, good chance to knock her down." Answered Tania, not showing any signs of fear, and Aaron could see that she won't change her mind.
"Specter might be tough, but you got the brains, you already got her speed and distance. Just counter her, not even she can keep going if she keeps accumulating damage."
"Do not worry, I'll counter, keep countering, and attacking. Gaining points, getting judges at my side, I simply want to secure my victory in both ways."
"All right, be careful either way, the last thing we need is you ending in the hospital."
"Understood, will be careful, take opportunity when is safe to do." Tania didn't want to say it, but she was actually scared of the Spear Strike. Even with the calculations, she wasn't fast enough to move out of the way, her body wasn't fast enough to avoid it. Every time she thought about it, it made her wish to play it safe. "I wonder why she didn't use it in her previous matches so much. It has tremendous power, good acceleration, and good speed." Fortunately, she discovered something useful, and the next time that Lea threw the Spear Strike, she was going to counter it. Knowing the problem with the attack, she regained some confidence in her plan and decided to use it in the next round. "If my data is correct, and my conclusions, then the next round might turn to my favor. It will be all or nothing." After that, Tania let her seconds treat her nose, which might be broken or cut from the inside, but they managed to clean it up, which made it easier for Tania to breath. Once the minute was over, the seconds were order out of the ring. The seconds leave and the ring of the bell announced the beginning of the second round.
Again, Lea dashed out of her corner and chased after Tania. Everything was going the same, until Tania moved to the ropes. At that moment, Lea took the opportunity to launch her Sunday punch, the Spear Strike. Unfortunately, Tania was baiting Lea into throwing the Spear Strike. Tania ducked the Spear Strike and countered with a right straight to Lea's body. It hurt Lea, but that didn't stop her from fighting back. The fact that Lea managed to endure a counter against her best punch, caused tremendous mental pressure on Tania. After that, Tania slid away from Lea, who started to chase after Tania. Then, Lea decided to attack to put more pressure on Tania. Unfortunately, Tania had little trouble in countering all of Lea's attacks, but that didn't stop Lea. She didn't notice it, but Tania was starting to get disturbed because she could see that Lea wasn't stopping, even after taking those counters. Eventually, Lea managed to trap Tania in the corner, but Tania managed to escape by using a clinch. After the referee separated them, the seconds could see that Tania was scared. Tania's fear intensified when she saw the determination in Lea's eyes. After the referee let the match continue, Lea dashed towards Tania, who started to throw inadequate punches because of her fear. Tania was so distracted, that she didn't pay attention to her surroundings, which caused her to get trapped on the ropes. After ducking a right straight, Lea rushed in, and managed to knock Tania down with a left hook to her body. That wasn't enough to take Tania down because she managed to stand up at the ninth count. Once the match continued again, Lea took the opportunity to use her Spear Strike. Unfortunately, Tania managed to counter with a right straight to Lea's face because she turned sideways and made her reach longer. The counter stunned Lea and Tania tried to take the opportunity to attack, but the damage to her body caused her to lose balance. Lea took that time to recover and attacked Tania, who managed to regain her balance. After a fierce in-fight, Lea managed to land a left hook on Tania's head. Tania was about to fall, but she managed to grabbed the ropes and pull herself up. Lea was about to end the match, but the referee stopped Lea at the same time that the bell ringed. After that, the referee ordered both boxers to head to their corners and they do as told. Lea slid without much trouble, but Tania seemed to be having some difficulties.
Lea reached her corner and sat on the stool, but it got the seconds attention. It wasn't as if Lea sat down, it was more like she let herself drop on the stool. Both seconds took a look at her face, and they could see that her face swelled in certain areas.
"I can't believe that you would use the same type of punch on her, you should have known that she would counter it." Said Alonso.
"Y-yeah, I thoughtI thought I could get herbut she dodged it." Said Lea, who tried to get air into her lungs.
"She simply duckedNow that I think about it, you always aim the head, which would make it easy to predict." Responded Alonso in a thoughtful way.
"I-I'm sorry, I should havepaid attention."
"You should, but don't worry, you finally landed a punch to her body. Your determination and persistence got to her and made her panic, she won't be able to recover in just one minute."
"Lea isn't exactly that well either, especially after taking that many punches to her head." Said Fergus.
"True, that's why I made her train her neck, for occasions like this. Listen, chica, you can actually end the match with one more punch, but it's going to be risky." Said Alonso.
"Y-Yeah? What is it?" Asked Lea. She didn't like the sound of it, but she was willing to take the risk.
"Use the Spear Strike two more times." Answered Alonso.
"That's suicide! We don't know if she can take two more counters like those ones, it could send her to the mat in no time." Protested Fergus.
"Yes, but Tania might recover enough to move faster. It would give her a chance to get a better grip on Lea's range. Don't worry, I have a plan."
"What is it?" Asked Lea, who hoped for something better.
"On the third Spear Strike, I want you to lower your body and aim at Tania's body. I also want you to lean forward, it will make your reach get longer. However, it will leave you in an unbalanced position, so you will only have one shot at this, got it?" Said Alonso. He knew that Lea would take tremendous damage, but if her body and spirit was strong enough, then she would endure. If it got too dangerous for Lea, then Alonso would throw the towel if necessary.
"I'll do it, I'll win." Lea understood the dangers, but giving a genius time to recover, was the same as giving her time to plan her victory.
On the other corner, things weren't as good as everyone thought.
"Tania, can you hear me?!" Asked Aaron. He didn't believe that Tania was alright after taking a body blow and a hook to the head.
"Yes, no broken bones, but tremendous pain and damage, I'll use this interval and the third round to rest, I'll end it in the fourth round." Answered Tania while keeping a straight face.
"Glad to hear that you aren't seriously injured, but how do you feel? And I don't mean physically." Tania, for the first time in a long time, maybe in her entire life, stayed silent. "I know you're scared. Fighting against someone who simply keeps coming at you no matter how much you punch them is terrifying. I can imagine that, but she's just as hurt as you are, you still have a chance to win this. Just do as you said, and plan in the last interval for the victory."
"Okay." Tania's voice sounded a little shaky.
"If things turn for the worse, then I will throw the towel, you hear me? As your second, I'm going to make sure you come back in one piece, so don't take it against me if I throw the towel, understand?"
"Yeah."
"Don't worry, Tania. I'll make sure to keep you safe, while you focus on winning the match."
"I'm scared, very scared, but I have to calm down, panicking under pressure is never good when taking a test, I need to calm down, gather myself, get my calculations, plan my actions, and win." Tania started to calm down, and Lea rested as much as possible. Lea knew that she would be risking a lot in that next move, but it was all or nothing. Both boxers knew that, they both knew that the next round could be the last one. The announcer ordered the seconds to leave the ring, which they do without a problem, and both boxers stood up. The referee got in the middle of the ring and wasted no time to start the third round.

Chapter 17: What Did I Get?
Both boxers started to leave their corners, but it was easy to see that Tania was still feeling the effects of the previous blow to her body. Lea, on the other hand, seemed to be good enough to start sliding towards Tania, but something was wrong. Lea would be dashing towards Tania, but Lea was moving slower than before. When they looked at Lea's tail, they could see that she was ready to throw her Spear Strike. It made Lea look desperate to end the fight, even though she was countered several times. Lea didn't seem to care and continued to move towards Tania. She knew what Lea was planning, and it made her feel tremendous pressure.
"I didn't recover enough to move quickly, Specter doesn't show much signs of damage, not tired enough, not damaged enough, I need rest, need to survive, what do I do? What do I do?" Thought Tania. She slid far away from Lea, who was still in her position to launch her attack, but dropped it to pursue Tania. Once Lea was in the right distance, she took position, and launched the Spear Strike. Tania turned sideways and countered the attack with a left punch to Lea's face. The counter stopped Lea in her tracks and forced her to slid away from Tania, who took the opportunity to slide away. Lea got in position again and launched her attack. Tania countered again, but that time, with a right straight to Lea's face.
In Lea's corner, Alonso was starting to dislike his own plan. Taking a left was one thing, but taking a right was something even bigger because it was the dominant hand and caused more damage. Then, when Alonso took a good look at those punches, he noticed something strange.
"What's this? I can see that Tania is countering the attack with no problem, but the way she's throwing the punches is strange. It looks likeshe isn't putting too much power in them. If that's the case, could it mean that Tania is pulling her punches? No, that can't be, when I look at it more carefully" Thought Alonso. Then, he realized something that could be important, but decided to leave it for later.
As Tania pulled her punch from Lea, she could see that Lea was starting to bleed from the mouth. Not only that, the right eye started to swell shut, and other areas of the face started to swell as well. Still, Tania preferred to stay away from Lea. At that moment, Tania noticed that Lea had been throwing the same attack over and over. That made Tania think that Lea was desperate to end the match. "She might be too damage to continue the match and wants to end it quickly. If that's the case, countering her best punch a few more times, would bring her down, ending this fight, ending her, and getting a victory against such a strong opponent." Thought Tania, and she wasn't wrong. Lea was starting to feel the accumulated damage, but she refused to go down. Unfortunately, the pressure and the fear that Tania was experiencing prevented her from realizing that it was all a trap. Lea prepared for a third Spear Strike, and Tania noticed it.
"Just one more, I just need to land this one, and it will be over." Thought Lea. She was hoping to end it with that last attack, she didn't know if she could take any more counters.
"Again, the same will happen, I demonstrated over and over again, in the previous round and in this round, your attack is too simple, too easy to read, too easy to counter." Tania was feeling a sense of relief because Lea was going to use the same attack, but Tania didn't know what was going to happen. Lea launched the Spear Strike, and Tania tried to counter the attack with a right straight. To everyone's surprise, the punch missed, passing over Lea's head, and Lea landed a perfect Spear Strike on Tania's body. The blow took the air out of Tania, and made her bend forward. The expression in Tania's face told the story, showing that the blow caused tremendous pain, and it robbed her of stamina. "What happened? She always hits the head, why did I miss?" As Tania tried to hold her mouthpiece in its place, she looked at Lea, and discovered what happened. Lea had lowered her stance, making her aim for the body, and leaned forward. Fortunately for Lea, her entire tail was strong enough to support her, just for enough time to regain her balance. Lea stood upright, while Tania was still bending forward. Lea tried to throw a punch, but the referee stopped her and told her to head to the neutral corner. Lea did as told, and the referee started to count.
At one minute into the third round, the referee started to count for Tania.
"123" Tania was still bent forward, but at closer inspection, anyone would notice that Tania's body was shaking slightly.
"Tania! If you're stubborn enough to keep standing after that, then take your fighting pose!" Yelled Aaron. He felt proud that Tania kept standing after taking an insane punch like that.
"456" Tania was in the same position, but started to respond after hearing the sixth count. Even if Tania responded, she wasn't standing upright and not putting a fighting pose, so the referee continued.
"78" Tania tried her best to lift herself up.
"I can't lose here, I can't fail. I always got great scores in my tests." Thought Tania, who started to realize something. A test in a piece of paper couldn't be compared to an actual fight in the ring. "Is that it? Is that why I lost? For someone who was considered a genius, I was been a complete idiot." Tania used all the strength that she had left to stand upright, but she couldn't do it and started falling on her hands.
"910!" The referee ended the count and the bell ringed, announcing the end of the match. To make it official, the referee announced Lea as the victor. The seconds of both boxers got into the ring and approached their boxers. Alonso was the first to reach Lea.
"Well done, that was the deciding punch that got you the victory." Said Alonso, who was feeling the anxiety leave his body.
"Yeah, but I was actually nervous, I thought she would stand up in time and keep going." Responded Lea. Her face showed that the swelling got a little worse and she continued to bleed. Seeing that, Alonso got a towel and wiped Lea's blood away.
"I was just as nervous as you, I didn't know if you could take another counter from her, even with your new resistance."
"She was strong, very strong." Lea felt respect for Tania, from one boxer to another.
"I can imagine. Come on, let's go." Alonso grabbed Lea's arm to put it over his shoulders, knowing that Lea was extremely tired and damaged from the fight. After that, they got out of the ring, but before leaving the arena, Lea lifted her right fist into the air, which her fans responded with a cheer. "What's the reason behind that?"
"Well, they come, not only to see a match, but to see me. The least I can do is thank them like this."
"I'm sure is more than enough." Once Lea was done, they continued on their way out of the arena. Meanwhile, Tania was been taken out of the arena under the applause of the audience. Once Lea's group arrived to the medical room and were given a quick check up, they went to the locker room. Lea dressed back in her usual hoody and cargo pants, left the locker room, and headed straight for the venues exit. For the second time since returning to the ring, Lea didn't meet up with her previous opponents in the corridor.
"What a relief." Said Lea with a sigh.
"What?" Asked Salena with a perplexed face.
"Oh, nothing, I was just talking to myself." Lea felt a little silly for saying it out loud. After that, they continued on their way out of the building. Around a corner behind them, Tania caught a glimpse of Lea, who was leaving the building.
"You really lost that one." Said Aaron behind Tania. He was worried about how Tania would take her first defeat.
"Yeah, may have grown over confident, underestimated Specter's strength, my mistake to consider a boxing match as a test, won't make the same mistake again. After all, I may have failed this test, but there are others along the way, just have to prepare better for them." Responded Tania with a smile.
"Well, glad you still wish to continue your career. Now, let's go home so you can rest up." They started to head to the exit. Aaron was happy to know that Tania wouldn't be retiring any time soon.
"I wonder what would be my score if I have asked Specter herself." Tania tried her best in the situation and her defeat was the result. If she had asked Lea, there was no doubt that Lea would have given Tania a great score. Just the same as Tania would have given to Lea.
It had been a few days since Lea's match with Tania, and Lea had been ordered to rest at her apartment. Lea had already gone with the doctor and found no serious damage to her brain. While Lea was resting in her apartment, she heard a knock on her door and went to open it. It turned out to be Alfred, who asked Lea to go with him to the office, and Lea already knew that it was about her next opponent. Lea entered the office, and found everyone. Like always, they greeted Lea, and Lea greeted them back.
"As you may have already guessed, we have information about your next opponent." Said Alonso in a serious tone, and Lea didn't liked that. Everyone in the room was the same as Alonso, which made the air in the office heavy, as if something big was going to happen.
"Yes, my last opponent in the tournament, right?" Said Lea.
"That's right, here's the video of her." Alonso turned the TV on and played the DVD. In one corner of the ring, there was a Lamia with fair-white skin color, neck- length auburn hair in a shag style, and amber eyes. "That's your next opponent, Payton Huber." In the other corner was Payton's opponent, who had blond hair with a green highlight on some parts, white skin, and gray eyes. At the sound of the bell, they both came out of their corners and approached each other without hesitation. Once they were at punching range, Payton didn't waste time and threw a 1-2 combo, which her opponent blocked, but the opponent was pushed back. Payton chased after the opponent and attacked with another 1-2 combo, making the opponent protect her head, while exposing the body. Payton quickly started  to attack with a right punch to the opponent's body, but the opponent attempted to block the attack. It turned out to be a feint and Payton attacked with a left hook to the opponent's jaw. The opponent attempted to attack with a right hook, but Payton blocked with the left arm. Then, she hit the opponents body with a right uppercut, followed by another right uppercut to the opponent's chin. Seeing that Payton was gaining the upper hand, the opponent decided to throw a left hook, which Payton attempted to dodge by leaning back. Unfortunately, the opponent pushed out the elbow a little farther than usual, and hit Payton on the chin.
"Hey, that was a foul!" Yelled Salena in protest. The referee didn't mention anything.
"I can't believe they have referees that can't see fouls going on." Said Alinda in disapproval. Payton's opponent rushed in, but she was about to discover that using fouls may have been a bad idea. As Payton's opponent was about to throw a right at Payton, the opponent is countered by a right to her face, which pushed her back. When the opponent cleared her vision, she saw something that made her nervous. Payton didn't stop with the counter and rushed in. The opponent attempted to keep Payton away with a jab, but Payton dodged to the left. Next, the opponent threw a right, but Payton weaved to the left, and hit the opponent's liver with a left hook. The punch hurt the opponent and followed with a left hook to the opponent's head, sending her face to the side. The opponent slid back, but she was chased by Payton. The opponent tried to stop Payton with a left jab. Unfortunately, Payton stopped the jab mid-way with the left palm, and retaliated with a right straight to the opponents face. The punch pushed the opponent to the ropes and was trapped by Payton. From there, Payton started to attack relentlessly. She threw punch after punch, her opponent tried to escape the ropes by fighting back, but all of the opponent's punches were parried and dodged. After a few moment, Payton's opponent didn't seem to be conscious anymore, but Payton kept punching, until the referee stopped Payton by grabbing her. Once Payton stopped, her opponent had the chance to simply drop face first to the mat in a bloody mess. Payton was declared the winner and the match ended there.
Everyone in the room was quiet, not because the match was impressive, but because none of them have seen a boxer go wild in the ring.
"So far, she has won all of her fights by KO, but this is the first time I see her get like that. Payton usually wins with combinations and counters." Informed Alonso with a straight face.
"That was just insane, if she had kept going, she might have killed her on the spot." Said Salena, who was upset by the scene.
"Fortunately, the referee was there to prevent any accident." Said Alinda.
"I still wonder about the killing instinct. Even if they were trained to be boxers, there was a bigger killing desire than normal." Said Hilda in a serious tone. Before anyone else could wonder about that event, they heard someone at the door.
"Better to go wild in the ring than in the streets, don't you think?" Everyone turned to the source of the voice and saw Zora standing in the door.
"Zora?!" Said Lea in surprise.
"You know her?" Asked Alonso.
"It's a long story."
"Oh, are you paying me a visit?" Asked Hilda.
"Keep dreaming." Answered Zora with a small smile.
"I promise to make it a reality."
"Anyways, what did you mean by that?" Asked Lea in an attempt to get the conversation back on track. Zora straighten her face and became serious.
"Lea, this might be the most difficult fight you ever had. So difficult that you could lose." Said Zora.
"Most difficult? Why?" Lea had troubles with all of her previous opponents. She got a little shocked after been told that the last fight might be the most difficult.
"And what do you mean by 'better in the ring than in the streets'?" Asked Alinda.
"You already saw what happened. Payton went with the intent to kill. The reason behind that, is that she's a war veteran who suffers of PTSD (Posttraumatic stress disorder)." Answered Zora.
"A war veteran!?" Responded Lea with wide eyes.
"That makes her into a dangerous boxer to fight with. I'm sure that her survival instincts and training in the military gave her tremendous fighting skills." Said Alonso while he was in deep thought.
"The interesting story behind Payton taking boxing was because it keeps her PTSD under control. If her condition starts up, it would be against the opponent in front of her." Said Zora.
"It makes sense, a soldier is trained and programmed to kill, not to live a peaceful life as a civilian." Said Hilda.
"And Lea is supposed to fight her, what if she goes crazy again and attempts to kill her?" Asked Salena as she pointed at the TV, which stopped showing the fight.
"It's not that different than in the battlefield, your opponent is basically trying to beat you to death."
"Don't worry, everyone." Said Lea. "I can use the new Spear Strike against her. I can change targets and speed if necessary."
"You can't and you won't use it." Responded Alonso in a stern manner.
"What? Why? It worked with Tania, I'm sure I can use it against Payton."
"The reason why it worked so well was because Tania was panicking. That's why she fell for it, she wasn't thinking clearly."
"I'm sure something is going to work out, I just need to work hard."
"I still forbid its use." That surprised everyone in the room.
"Why?"
"Remember those counters that Tania was using against you?"
"If you're worried about that, then don't worry, I'll just take it." After Lea said that, Alonso went quiet for a moment. Then, he responded.
"Everyone, give us a moment." Alonso wasn't asking, he gave an order. Anyone who knew him would know that he wanted them gone. Alinda, Salena, and Hilda, do as asked, taking Zora with them. Once they were out of the office, Hilda looked at Zora and said.
"Well then, you must be tired from coming all the way here, want to get a drink somewhere?"
"Aren't you working right now?" Asked Zora with a straight face. She couldn't believe that Hilda would ask such a thing in a moment like that.
"I can always make time for you, or find some time at the least."
"I don't think so." Zora started to head to the door. Hilda didn't stop there and started sliding alongside Zora. Once they got out of the gym, Hilda seemed to drop the flirting.
"Wait wait, please wait." Said Hilda, which stopped Zora from flying away. "Just one drink, one, and that's it. If you don't want to talk, its okay, just have a drink with me, please?" Zora softened up after hearing such a humble request. After that, Zora put a thumb on her lip, and started thinking about something.
"On one condition." Said Zora, who showed a thumb.
"Which is?" Hilda wasn't a fan of those 'on one condition' lines.
"An interview, we know of your record and impressive skill in the ring, but we don't know much about you 'outside' of the ring." Hilda started to think on it.
"Okay, but if it's too personal, I won't give you a direct answer."
"Fair enough, shall we go then?"
"Uh, yeah, sure, is not far from here." With that solved, they both leave to have a drink, leaving Alinda and Salena alone. They actually heard the whole conversation from the other side of the door.
"I really thought she would leave." Said Salena in surprise.
"Me too, Hilda's relationships have been" Said Alinda, who didn't know how to finish that sentence.
"Awful?"
"I think short would be a better word." That got a chuckle out of Salena. "Wait, it's just the two of us. This could be my big chance. Say-" Alinda was both interrupted and surprised by Salena.
"Hey, Alinda."
"Uh, yes?"
"I was wondering if you" That was something new for Alinda because Salena was usually very cheerful, but never that nervous.
"Is this it? Is she going to ask me out? Yes?"
"W-would you like to"
"Yes?" Alinda was barely containing herself from telling Salena to hurry it up.
"You know, go and eat at-" Suddenly, Alinda interrupted to give a very cheerful response.
"Yes! Yes! Of course I would go with you. I always wondered what took you so long to notice!"
"Oh, sorry for not asking before, I didn't know if it would have been okay with you." Salena felt silly for not asking earlier.
"Why, I don't see the problem in it."
"Yeah, I mean, I'm just bringing a friend over for dinner." That last comment got Alinda's attention.
"Wait, what?" Salena didn't seem to listen because she was too happy to do it.
"My mother has been asking me to bring a friend over. I don't know why you precisely, but I'm sure it would be a great time."
"Uh, yeah." Alinda was shocked at the moment, so she couldn't put any feeling in her words. Fortunately, she managed to put a fake smile.
"Well, I'm glad you agreed. When I get my break, I'll let my mother know that we're going to have a visitor."
"Okay."
"Well, better go back to my training." Salena left Alinda where she was standing. After Salena was gone, Alinda went to a wall, already dropping the fake smile to replace it for a shocked expression, and did the first thing that came to mind. She put her head on the wall, and cursed her bad luck.
Back in the office, Alonso and Lea were alone.
"Chica, you were able to resist Tania's counter because she was attacking out of desperation, not to actually cause damage. At best, Tania was simply trying to push you away from her. Payton will be a different story. If she were to counter you with her full power, with no hesitation, I don't know if your new resistance will be able to take it. Worst case scenarioyou would get your skull crushed." Said Alonso, which made Lea go silent. Hearing that her best punch could end her career left her demoralized, and she dropped her gaze to the ground.
"Is there nothing that I can do? I know that my attack is very simple, but it also means that there's room for improvement, right?" Said Lea, who was still clinging to any flicker of hope.
"Wellthere was something that we could do." Said Alonso in hesitation.
"What? What is it? I'll do anything. I'm willing to work with double the effort, triple if needed." Alonso looked into Lea's eyes, and he could see her determination and willingness to work for it. That made it more the painful to say it.
"Very well, another problem that you're having with that technique of yours is that you can't stop it once it's thrown. Even if you know that you're going to be punched."
"Well, yeah, I'm pretty much launching myself."
"The idea that I'm having here, is that you stop your attack after launching it."
"Stop the attack? I pretty much launch most of my body to use my attack." The only time Lea would stop, was when the attack was over.
"Yeah, and this is the dangerous part. You're going to use what's left of your tail to pull the rest of your body to a stop. With it, you can make it hard to predict the timing."
"Stop with the rest of my tail? Wouldn't that?"
"Rip that part of your tail from your body, which is the risk of attempting this. This is why is dangerous, you would need a ridiculously strong tail that could resist the force."
"Then I'll simply work the double to make it even stronger."
"If you're willing to attempt something so dangerous, then I won't stop you. Instead, I'll help you with this, so you better be ready to work your hardest."
"Yes, coach." With the discussion over, they leave the office and started with the training.
Inside another gym, there were sounds of activity in there, all members busy with their own workouts, but there was something strange in the air. Everyone knew the source, a lone Lamia who was working on the heavy sandbag. She was making an impressive sound on it, and it was hard to follow the speed of her punches. There was no one around her, no one dared get close to her. Been close to her was the same as standing next to a timed bomb, but with no clock, no timer. A bomb that could explode at any moment, and no one would know when. There was only one brave soul who could actually approach her, and to see that one brave soul right in front of you, you would have to look down.
"Hey, Payton, Payton." Called a dwarf, but received no response from Payton, who was still punching the heavy bag. "You're at it again." The dwarf grabbed Payton from her waist and started to pull her away from the bag. Payton notice someone pulling her away from the bag, looked back, and noticed the dwarf.
"Coach, what's going on?" Asked Payton with a confused face, which made her look inoffensive. Hearing that Payton was back to her right mind, the dwarf let go of her, and moved in front of her.
"About time, you're not exactly a harpy that is easy to pull around."
"Sorry, coach McGuff." Payton apologized to a dwarf with titian hair, hazel eyes, and white skin color. His name was Benen McGuff, who actually knew of Payton's condition, and thought of letting that killing instinct in the ring. He didn't expect her to scare off some of the members. Some believed that she would arrive with a gun and start killing everyone. That didn't scare Benen, he was physically fit, but he somehow knew that she wouldn't do that. Letting her go wild in the sandbag or in the ring tended to calm her down.
"It's alright, I just came to remind you to go and do your roadwork. You're almost done with the tournament, but I've heard that your next opponent is a tough one."
"I've heard she beat all of her opponents with a KO, that's not an easy feat considering her opponents." Payton said it without any sarcasm, but with sincere respect.
"Well, you also had your fair share of strong opponents, so don't let it discourage you."
"Don't worry, coach, I won't let it, I just hope I don't go off like that." Payton started to clasp her hands together after remembering going berserk on her previous opponent. Payton didn't like to go berserk. She didn't want to hurt anyone like that.
"Don't worry about going off in the ring. The only one that you would hurt is your opponent, that's what the sport is all about." Benen wouldn't like her to kill someone, but if it guaranteed a victory, then he would take responsibility.
"But, what if I go off out of the ring? What if I go off on my family? What if I go off on my son?" That was the worst that Payton could think of. She would rather kill herself than to hurt her only child. The very idea hurt her heart. She always wished that she wouldn't have her condition, so that she could spend more time with him and her husband.
"That's why you fight, so that you can let it go on someone, who most likely, you would never meet, than on your family. This is like your therapy, which actually pays you to go berserk on your opponent. I think this is an ideal thing for you."
"I understand, but sometimes, I wish it wasn't on the expense of another person's safety."
"Yeah, I know, you have a good heart. Don't lose hope. It will work out one way or the other." That brought a smile to Payton's face.
"Thanks, coach."
"No problem. Go and do your roadwork."
"Okay." Payton left Benen to do her roadwork.
It had been a few years since Payton joined the gym right after one of the wars was over. At first, Payton simply returned to her home with her family, but after a few weeks, there were signs that she suffered from PTSD. That caused some problems, sometimes she would go violent on things, breaking them or tearing them apart. That scared her family, but not for their security, but they were more worried about her. They didn't want her to hurt herself. After that, Payton have tried to control it with sheer willpower, but it was becoming more and more difficult as time went by. One day, Payton was feeling it, the rage, the need to destroy, to kill something, someone. To prevent her from hurting her family, Payton went outside, trying to calm herself somewhere else. Payton started sliding as far and fast as she could, which was no problem for her because she was a trained soldier, a killing machine. Payton didn't have a destination in mind, she just wanted the feeling to go away, and she wanted to keep her family safe. The sliding was working, but the feeling was there, and it was getting stronger. To prevent herself from hurting anyone from the streets, she thought it would be better to go to a restroom and destroy it, to see if it would make it go away. Payton wasn't paying attention to the buildings, and simply entered one, which turned out to be a boxing gym. There were members sparring, hitting the sandbags, or the speed bags. They were training to fight, to be strong. Payton wanted to do just that, she wanted to punch something, anything that would make the feeling go away. Benen was there at the time and saw her enter his gym. He walked up to Payton and asked her.
"Welcome, are you here to watch or to join?" Benen welcomed Payton with a friendly greeting.
"I-I'mjust looking, that's all, yes." Answered Payton.
"Well, we're not giving demonstrations or anything of the sort today, you need to come some other day."
"T-then how aboutjoining?" Payton didn't want to join. She wanted to punch the heavy bags to make the feeling go away, but the dwarf was giving her a hard time.
"In that case, I'll have to get the paperwork so that you can read and sign. Wait just a sec, I'll be right back." Benen was more than happy to have a new member because it would mean more money.
"O-okay, thank you." Benen left Payton and went straight to his office. Payton took the opportunity to go to the heavy bags. Once she reached one of the heavy bags, she simply clenched her fists, and started punching it with all her might. Payton didn't stop with just one punch. She started to throw a flurry of them, making a good sound with every punch. It got the attention of everyone close to the bags. No one had heard a sound like that for as long as they could remember. After hitting it for a while, Benen was coming out of his office with the paperwork, only to find Payton hitting the heavy bags.
"That's an insane sound. She must have a good punch on her." Thought Benen, who started to approach Payton. "Excuse me, miss, I have the paperwork that-" Once he was close to Payton, he could feel something strange about her. First, Payton didn't pay attention to him, she simply kept punching the bag. Second, there was a different air about her, as if it was suicide to approach her at the moment. When Benen took a look at her eyes, he saw it. He saw someone who wanted to fight, someone who wanted to destroy, and someone who wanted to kill. It took a while for Payton to finish her attack with a tremendous right straight, sending the bag swinging a good distance. When Payton was done, her eyes looked more normal. Her eyes showed that she was a kind person. A person that wouldn't go berserk on a punching bag. Once Payton was back to normal, she noticed the crowd that was watching her and realized what she did.
"I-I'm sorry about this, I'll be going now." Said Payton. She was about to head to the door, until Benen stopped her.
"Wait wait wait, can I just talk with you in my office? It won't take long."
"I really need to go."
"Well, consider this favor as payback for punching my bags without permission. Besides, I get the feeling that there's more to it than what I just saw." Payton thought about it for a few moments, and decided to follow him.
"Okay, but I want to make it short. I really need to go home."
"Of course, let's go to my office." Payton and Benen head to the office. Once inside, Benen took a seat behind his desk, while Payton took a seat in front of him. "Now, I would like to ask you to join the gym." Bluntly asked Benen.
"I don't think I should." Answered Payton, the idea bothered her.
"Why not? You have quiet the punch there, it would guarantee a victory in the boxing ring."
"Well, you see" Payton started to tell her story, of her time in the army and the mental condition that it left her after returning. Payton also went on to say that she tried to control it, but it didn't go well, and she didn't want to hurt her family.
"So that's why you went crazy on the bag. Then the more reason why you should join the gym." Responded Benen.
"Why?"
"Well, you can come here whenever you feel the need to hurt something and let it out on the sandbags. Unfortunately, it will cost money to maintain the sandbags. If you were to become a professional boxer, you could get money from fighting, control your condition, and your family would be safe. Believe me, it's a win-win situation, even I would get paid for doing my job."
"Well, I can't really get a job with this condition, and I don't trust the medications, or the therapies." Payton started to think hard on the subject. On Benen's case, he actually wanted to help her, but he also didn't want to let a person with potential go away.
"She's a rare find. Her military training would make her a force to be feared. I just need to put her in the ring." Benen was desperately hoping for Payton to agree. After a few moments of silence, Payton gave her decision.
"Very well, I'll join." From there on, Payton started to train in the gym, which made it easier to control her condition, and it made her family happy for her. Over time, she started winning her matches, but because of her condition coming out every once in a while, she was nicknamed 'The Maniac'.
After many fights, she was close to winning her first tournament. That would make her a ranked boxer, and with enough victories, she could challenge the national champion. Before that, Payton needed to defeat Lea in the final rounds of the tournament.
"I really hope you're ready, Specter, I really do. Otherwise, you will end up in the hospital just like some of the others, or worse." Thought Benen, who had seen his fair share of boxers been beaten to a pulp. Some of his own have retired because of that, and it didn't make it any easier as time went by. On Payton's mind, things were different.
"I'll win, and I'll make sure to make it quick, before the feeling inside of me comes back. If anything, I hope that you can at least come out of this in one piece." Thought Payton. They were ready to go and win the tournament. They only hoped that Lea was able to survive the match.
It had been a month since Lea's last match, and Lea was training her tail once again. That time, she was focusing on the entire tail, even the smallest part of it. While training, Lea remembered the way that Payton went berserk on her last opponent and tried to think of a way to defend against that. Payton gained a boost on speed and power when she went berserk. Therefore, when Lea was done training her tail, she would be able to absorb even more damage and move faster. On top of training the tail, she had also been training the neck, body, and arms. Lea trained anything that would help her win against a fighter like Payton. After a while of training, Lea was called to get into the ring because she was going to spar against Hilda. Lea got her equipment, slid to the ring, and got into it. Lea saw that Hilda was ready to go, but Lea noticed Alinda and Salena waiting behind Hilda.
"Um, were you guys going to use the ring?" Lea didnt want to take it if Alinda and Salena were going to use it. However, Lea was called to get into the ring, so she didn't know if it was a mistake or not.
"We're going to use it, all of us actually." Answered Alinda.
"What do you mean?"
"Well, your next opponent is crazy strong, so the coach asked us to spar with you. You know, to prepare you for anything against her." Answered Salena.
"With that said, you're going to be sparring with all of us for today. I'm going first, to soften you for the both of them." Said Hilda, who was ready to start.
"Hey! I'm stronger than before, I'm sure I can take her." Said Salena, and she wanted to prove it in the sparring match.
"Me too." Said Alinda, who was just as eager to show her new skills.
"Okay, okay, but enough of that, let's start." After Hilda said that, a bell ringed and the spar started. Hilda was been serious because she was throwing punch after punch at Lea. Lea was forced to dodge and block the best she could. They go at it for a whole round, and Hilda left the ring. Salena took Hilda's place and entered the ring.
"All right, let me show you how much I have improved!" Just as Salena said, she had become stronger. Lea was having a difficult time against Salena, but managed to hold her off. The next sparring partner was Alinda.
"I'm next. Try to keep your eyes on me." Said Alinda with a smile. No one knew what kind of training was Alinda doing, but she actually went faster than before. Also, her counters caused more damage than before. They went for a while, until it was decided that it was time to end the sparring session.
"T-thanks for thehelp." Said Lea, who was hurting everywhere in her body.
"No problem, Payton may change from out-boxing to in-fighting depending on the situation, so you must be ready to deal with it." Said Alinda, who felt good after showing her new level of skill.
"Now that I think about it, have you come up with some idea to defeat her? I've seen you training your tail again." Said Hilda.
"Well, we're planning on adding something else to my technique." Answered Lea.
"That sounds awesome, what are you going to add? Are you adding more speed, power, maybe flying across the ring?" Said Salena in wonder.
"She's a normal Lamia, remember? But seriously, what did you come up with?" Asked Alinda.
"Well" Lea started to explain the idea to stop the attack mid-way to make it more unpredictable.
"That would make an improvement, but stopping it when most of the body is behind the attack sounds a little difficult." Said Hilda. She could only imagine how difficult it was going to be.
"It really sounds like it." Said Alinda, who agreed wholeheartedly.
"What are you guys saying? Lea has managed to reach this far, I know she can do this." After Salena said that, she turned her attention to Lea. "You can do this Lea. I'll help you as much as I can so you can win the tournament."
"Well, I said difficult, but not impossible, you can always count on me." Said Hilda while pointing herself with her thumb.
"And me as well." Said Alinda as she put her palm on her chest. All of them had a smile on their faces. They were always willing to help Lea in her time of need.
"Thank you. To be honest, I'm nervous on trying something like this, but I feel more confident thanks to you guys." Said Lea.
"Don't mention it, I'll be going back to my training, I have matches of my own after all, but if I'm free, don't hesitate to call." After Hilda said that, she left.
"Oh yeah, I forgot about it. Good luck on your training." Said Salena and left.
"Well, we all have something to do, but don't hesitate to ask, okay?" Said Alinda before leaving.
"Okay, good luck." Said Lea to all of them. Alinda was the last one to leave, and everyone resumed their own training. Far from the group, Alonso was watching the conversation.
"I'm pretty sure that they didn't want to say it, but they know how dangerous is going to be. I wish there was another way, but your technique is the best we can do against Payton, but I know you can do this, chica, don't give up." Thought Alonso. The rest of the day was spent training, and hoping that they trained enough by the time of the match.

Chapter 18: Is This Good-bye?
Another month went by, and with the help of Lea' friends, Lea's training was giving good results. On top of that, Lea had been training her tail to the point that many of the members started calling it extreme. Lea didn't mind and kept going with her training. If they knew the kind of boxer Lea was going up against, they would have understood the necessity. Alonso had been keeping up with her training, but also reminded her to do her job, which was to maintain the place and equipment. Of course, Alonso didn't want to overwork her, so he helped her when it was necessary. The next day was just like any other day. Lea was working out, while Alonso was supervising everyone. While doing so, Alonso remembered that he hadn't given Lea any days off. Alonso forgot about it because of the tournament and Payton. Once Alonso remembered about it, he headed straight to Lea, who was working her tail with some weights.
"Oye, chica." Called Alonso.
"Yes, coach?" Answered Lea.
"I just came to tell you that tomorrow is going to be your day off."
"Oh, okay. Thanks, coach." Lea answered like it was nothing.
"Wait, that's it? I haven't given you a single day off in this month."
"Really? I haven't notice. I was so focused on my training that I forgot about it." Alonso chuckled after hearing that.
"Same here, but is not good to always work. Take the next day off."
"Okay." After Lea said that, Alonso left her, but he was wondering about something. "I wonder if you're training to be ready, or because you're nervous. Don't lose hope, chica, and don't let fear consume you, we all believe in you." Alonso couldn't blame her, he was just as nervous as Lea was, but he stood by his decision. It might help her calm down if she distracted herself. Unfortunately, Alonso was wrong on his assumption. Lea wasn't scared of just Payton, she was also scared of trying to use the new addition to her technique, Spear Strike.
"I have to keep training, I have to keep training, or the attack won't be ready. I have to make sure that I can resist the force. My tail needs to be strong enough to stop my entire body. If I don't reach that point, I put my entire boxing career on the line, but if I don't win this, Julie might lose her house." After Lea thought about that, she started to wonder if Julie was in any trouble. Of all of the times that Lea had seen Julie, she always looked to be fine, and she always said that she was okay. That knowledge made Lea wonder if she needed to train so hard. "Maybe, I can afford to lose this fight, she always says that she's okay, and the kids haven't said anything, so it might be okay." Lea didn't realize that she was letting fear and doubt get to her head, which clouded her judgment. Once Lea let those thoughts into her head, she decided to rest more often. After that, the day went as normal and Lea went to sleep, still telling to herself that she didn't need to work so hard.
Just as Alonso said, the next day was given to Lea and she decided to spend her time in her apartment. All of that changed when she heard a knock on her door, and Lea answered. It turned out to be Alonso.
"Morning, coach, what can I do for you?" Asked Lea.
"Your friend is on the phone." Answered Alonso with a straight face.
"Friend? You mean Julie?"
"The same, and to be honest, you should get a phone of your own. I'm not exactly your secretary." Alonso sounded a little annoyed about it. He didn't know why Lea never got herself a cellphone. In his opinion, every young person tended to have one.
"S-sorry, coach, I'll try to get one soon."
"Glad to hear that. Now go and speak with her." Alonso started to descend the stairs after saying that.
"Okay." Lea followed him all the way to the end of the stairs and headed to the office. Once inside, Lea found the phone lying on the desk and picked it up. "Hello?"
"Hey, Lea!" Greeted Julie with the usual cheerfulness that Lea knew very well.
"Hello, how have you been?" Lea was always happy to hear Julie.
"I've been very well. What about you?"
"You know, busy here, but I have been given the day off."
"Really?"
"Yup."
"Did you planned anything for today?"
"Well, I was just going to stay in my apartment, but I don't mind going out."
"Great! Want to spend the day with me? I have nothing to do right now, and I was hoping to get out of the house."
"Okay, do you have somewhere in mind?"
"Well, I was just thinking of going to the park again, the one that we went before. You don't mind going there again?"
"Oh no, don't worry about it, that park was a nice place."
"Then it's settled, I'll pick you up in half an hour, I need to get ready."
"No problem, I'll get ready too."
"Sounds good, see you later then."
"Later." After that, they both hanged up the phone. After the phone call was done, Lea headed to her apartment and tried to figure out what to put on. They were going to a park, which might involve a lot of talking and walking, or sliding in Lea's case. Lea decided to go as usual, which was her t-shirt, a hoodie, and cargo pants. After that, Lea simply waited by watching a little bit of TV, but she didn't have any favorite TV show, so she was just surfing the channels. When there was something interesting, she would watch it until it was over. Once it was over, she would just go back to surfing the channels. Lea saw the clock on top of the TV's furniture and saw that half an hour had passed. Lea quickly turned the TV off, slid out of her apartment, and headed outside. Just as Lea thought, Julie was already waiting in her car, which was parked in front of the gym. Lea headed to the co-pilot's side, opened the door, and got in the car.
"Hey, Julie, did I keep you waiting?" Asked Lea with a smile.
"I just arrived. Now, let's go to the park!" Said Julie with a smile, accompanied with her never ending cheerfulness, which was what Lea liked about Julie. After Julie said that, she drove off from the gym, and headed to their destination. When Julie had to stop at a red light, she turned her head towards Lea and took a good look at her. Julie noticed that Lea's muscles seem to have gotten stronger since the last time that they met.
"Why is it that every single time we meet you seem to get more muscular?" Asked Julie in a playful tone, but the question was serious.
"Well, it's like an extra bonus for working at the gym. They pay me, and let me use their gym to work out." Answered Lea.
"That's actually nice of them. You must like working out, or you wouldn't have those muscles."
"Well, you know, staying healthy and all that other stuff." Lea rubbed her head, not wanting to reveal why she was training so much. "By the way, how are the kids?" Lea wanted to change the subject as quick as possible.
"Oh, they uhthey're great, always asking about you. For example, when are you coming back? Are you okay? Stuff like that. Hey, are you hungry? I haven't eating breakfast yet."
"Really? Are you okay?"
"Yeah yeah, I just worked very late last night and I woke up late today."
"Oh, in that case, yeah. I actually over slept too, so I haven't eaten breakfast."
"Then let's go and get something to eat." With that decided, they make a detour to get breakfast at a restaurant. Once they arrive at the restaurant, they were seated by a waitress, and they ordered their drinks. Then, the waitress left to get their drinks.
"So, how is everything going at your place? Must be going good as always, right?" Asked Lea in hopes to hear the response that she always heard, but something was different that time.
"Y-yeah, everything is okayjust okay." Answered Julie. The answer lacked the usual cheerfulness that Julie always had, which was strange for Lea. Before Lea could ask about it, they were given their drinks, which was coffee for Julie, and water for Lea. Then, the waitress asked for their orders. Julie ordered an omelette, and Lea ordered a salad with a turkey sandwich. Once the waitress left with their orders, Lea was about to ask about Julie's behavior, but Julie beat Lea to the question. "That's unusual for you. You tend to order something bigger than that. Are you starting a diet or something?"
"Something like that, those other times where my free days to eat what I wanted. This time, I have to eat healthy and stay fit."
"Lucky for me, I'm always in shape, so I can eat as much as I want." Said Julie with playful pride in her voice, which caused Lea to snicker slightly.
"I can imagine that." Responded Lea with a smile.
"I swear, sometimes I feel like I could eat a horse, but I'm a lady, and ladies eat with manners." Julie changed her voice, which made her sound like a noblewoman.
"Hey, I'm a lady too, you know?" Said Lea in a playful manner. After Julie heard that, she started to imagine Lea with dresses. Unfortunately, Lea's muscles turned the image into something that left Julie horrified. Lea noticed the face that Julie was making. "H-hey, I was just joking, I don't even like dresses." After Lea said that, Julie let her breath escape her. "You must have quiet the imagination, but I do think that suits would look better on me." After Lea said that, Julie started to imagine Lea in a suit.
"I agree. That would look better on you." With that conversation over, Lea took the opportunity to ask what was on her mind.
"Hey, Julie, is everything-" Unfortunately, they were interrupted by the waitress with their food. She put the plates on their table and left.
"Great, Im so hungry." Said Julie with a happy smile on her face, and started to eat.
"Me too." Lea also started to eat.
"Are you sure that's enough? Want me to give you some of my food?" Julie sounded worried because she didn't believe that it would be enough for Lea, even though it looked like it was enough for a normal human.
"Yeah, don't worry about it, let's eat." Lea tried to assure Julie with a smile, which worked, and both of them continued to eat. While eating, Lea was pondering about Julie's desire to avoid questions involving the kids and the house. Lea attempted to ask Julie about the kids and the house. Unfortunately, in some way or another, Julie would either change the subject or find some excuse to stop the question. For example, asking for some condiment, or calling the waiters for something, even though she didn't need it at all. Lea decided to stop her attempts to ask questions until they were out of the restaurant and reach the park. Lea believed that Julie won't have any way to avoid Lea's questions because there was nothing in there except for trees and grass. Even though Julie was avoiding Lea's questions, that didn't stop her from starting small conversation with Lea. However, it was an attempt to simply stop Lea from asking questions, or to make her forget all about it. Either way, it worked because Lea made conversation with Julie all the way to the end of their breakfast. When they were done, Julie paid for the breakfast, they left the restaurant, got on Julies car, and went to the park. The park wasn't that far from the restaurant, which made the drive there short. Again, Lea tried to ask her question regarding the house and the kids, but Julie was fast on avoiding it, which made her suspicious.
After arriving at the park, they get out of the car, and go into the park. They simply take a walk in the park, enjoying the view and the company of one another, except for Lea. She knew that Julie was hiding something and Lea willing to find out what it was. Before asking about it, Lea looked around, trying to see if there was anything that could be used to change the subject. The only thing of interest was the trees and the grass, but there were some people around the park too. Fortunately, they were too far from them to be used, which made it the perfect opportunity to question Julie.
"Hey, Julie-" Lea was about to ask, but she was interrupted by Julie.
"Is something wrong?" Quickly asked Julie, which caught Lea by surprise.
"Huh? What makes you ask that?"
"You were looking around. Did you find something of interest? What was it?" Julie eagerly asked with a smile. Lea realized that, instead of using something on their surroundings, Julie used Lea to make a subject of conversation. That wasn't going to stop Lea and she tried to get back to her objective.
"No, I was-"
"It's been a long time since we came back to this park, but it hasn't lost its charm. It's still the very calming place that I remember, don't you think?"
"Yes it is, but I was going to-" Lea was trying to end it quickly, but Julie wasn't going to let that happen.
"We should get something to eat later and bring it here, you know, like a picnic."
"We just ate, but what I'm trying to-"
"Hey, maybe we could sit somewhere and feed the pigeons, have you fed pigeons before?" Lea had enough of that and suddenly stopped sliding.
"Julie, can you just-" Lea started to get frustrated with Julie's attempts to avoid her questions. Suddenly, Julie pointed to a tree with a smile.
"Look look, do you remember that tree?" Then, Julie started to run towards the mentioned tree.
"Julie, wait!" Lea started to chase after Julie. They reach the tree and Julie stopped running, with Lea been the last to reach the tree. After Lea reached the tree, Julie put a hand on the tree.
"We sat on this tree, and you took me to the top of it." Julie had her back towards Lea, but Julie had a bright smile on her face.
"Julie, you're my best friend, right?" Firmly asked Lea, which made Julie turn towards Lea.
"Of course I am." Answered Julie.
"And best friends tell each other the truth, right?" After hearing that, Julie understood where it was going, her smile left her, and dropped her gaze to the ground in guilt.
"Yeah." Weakly answered Julie.
"Then answer my questions, what's going on? What's happening to your house? What's going on with the kids?" Lea was asking with a voice that meant business and with a face to go along with it. Julie turned towards the tree and went quiet, which Lea misinterpret as Julie attempting to avoid the question again. Lea didn't notice that Julie had made a fist with the hand that she put on the tree. Before Lea could say anything else, Julie started to talk.
"Can you take me to the top again?" Julie's voice was not giving any emotion.
"Julie, I-"
"Please." Lea was about to let her frustration be known, but after hearing Julie, Lea felt something. It was hard to describe for her, but all of the sudden, Lea's frustration left her.
"Okay." That was all that Lea said and approached the tree. Julie kept her face away from Lea. Of course, Lea didn't notice that because she was getting ready to have a good grip on the tree. While Lea was doing that, Julie took the opportunity to grab Lea's neck. Lea didn't mind and kept preparing to climb the tall tree. "Ready?" Asked Lea as she finished with her preparations and looked back, but Julie was hiding her face on Lea's back.
"Yeah." Answered Julie in a small voice, which Lea barely heard. With everything ready, Lea started to climb the tree, the very same tree that they climbed on their first visit to the park, where they sat under the shade of the tree, and they declared their friendship to each other. Lea had an easier time climbing the tree because of her new trained body. While climbing the tree, Lea had to admit that it brought back memories, and it brought a small smile to her face. It didn't take long for Lea to reach the top of the tree, which had the same great view as before. Lea was lost on the sight before her, filling her with great peace. While Lea was focused on the view, Julie also took a look, but it had a different effect on her. Julie looked for a little while, and instead of filling her with peace, it filled her with sorrow. Unable to take it anymore, Julie hid her face on Lea's back. Lea was distracted from the view by a sound that was coming from behind, and she tried to hear it more clearly. It didn't take long for Lea to realize that someone was quietly sobbing. The only person that was close enough for Lea to hear, was none other than Julie.
"Julie, what's wrong? Are you okay?" Asks an alarmed Lea while looking back, trying to look at Julie. Lea couldn't see Julie's face because Julie was hiding it on Lea's back. Julie realized that Lea turned her head to look at Julie, which made her bury her face on Lea's back and tightened her grip on Lea's neck. Fortunately, it wasn't too hard that it wouldn't allow Lea to breathe, but it gave the message that Julie didn't want to be seen crying. Lea faced forward, just like Julie wanted, and they stayed like that for a while. Julie continued sobbing and letting her tears flow, tears that Lea couldn't see, but it might have been for the best. It hurt Lea to know that Julie was crying. What hurt Lea the most, was her inability to think of something to make it stop and bring back the smile that Julie always had.
Eventually, Julie ended her crying, and Lea took that as a good moment to break the ice. "JulieAre you okay?" Asked Lea. She knew that it was a very dumb question, especially after hearing Julie cry on Lea's back, but it was the first thing that came to Lea's mind.
"Yeah." Answered Julie, sounding more calm than before, but not happy.
"IsAre you?" Asked Lea as she turned her head to look at Julie, but Lea didn't know how to finish her question. On the inside, Lea was hoping for good news. She was hoping that what she was thinking was nothing more than a silly idea. Unfortunately, Lea didn't find any of that on Julie's face. Instead, she saw no joy, no smile, no hope, but only defeat, and to make it worse, Julie revealed something that would fill Lea with despair.
"At the end of the yearI'm losing the house." Said Julie with a choking voice, which shocked Lea, who thought that she could handle the news, but she couldn't.
"W-why? II thought everything was going well"
"I did too, everything was going well, especially when we found a last minute donor. He was going to give us more than enough to pay for this year, and pay some of the debt. At the last minute, I received news that the donor canceled the donation, and without that donation, we won't be able to keep going."
"Butwhat about the kids? It's their home, they're happy, where will they go?"
"If I have no house for them, then I have to send them to other places."
"No, therethere must be something that can help, some way to give you more time, anything." Lea hoped for something, she simply refused to accept those news.
"There isn't." Julie responded without any hope in her voice.
"That'sthat's not fair."
"I think the same way, but everyone knows that there's nothing else we can do." After saying that, Julie hid her face again, fighting hard not to cry again. "But before that happens." Julie gathered herself and revealed a sad smile. "I want to enjoy the time that is left." Lea didn't know what to say, didn't know how to feel, but it didn't take her long to figure out what to say.
"Okay." Answered Lea as she turned her face away from Julie and looked at the horizon. They stay on the tree for a while, before they decide to go back down. After that, Julie acted like that never happened, and Lea tried the same, but she couldn't ignore what happened. They tried to enjoy the rest of the day, but they still remembered their conversation, especially Lea. Once they were done with their time in the park, they head back to the car, and got inside. They spent some time without doing anything, or saying anything, until Lea spoke.
"Can we go to your house?" Asked Lea while looking at the car's ceiling.
"You want to play with the kids, right?" Responded Julie while looking at the steering wheel.
"Yeah."
"Of course." With that decided, they head to Julie's house. When they arrive, the kids cheered after looking at Lea. While they were asking Julie if they could play with them, Lea was looking for Jenny, but she wasn't present. When Julie said yes, they all cheered and everyone started to head to the backyard. They spent hours playing outside until it was too dark to stay outside, and Lea decided that it was time to leave. Julie, like always, offered to take Lea home, but Lea refused, saying that Julie should spend more time with the kids. At the very least, Julie walked with Lea to the door, and went outside. They were standing near the door and looking forward.
"You know" Said Lea while looking at the ground. Then, she looked at Julie. "You could come and live with me, if you have nowhere else to go." After Lea said that, Julie turned towards Lea, and gave her a smile.
"Thank you." Said Julie and hugged Lea, who returned the hug. Then, they let go of each other. "Good bye, Lea." Lea felt something different about that good bye, but hid it with a smile and a wave of her hand.
"Bye." That was the only thing that Lea said, and Julie walked back into her house. Julie took a last look at Lea, gave her a smile, and closed the door. At that moment, Lea knew that it wouldn't be the same. Even if Julie lived with Lea in her apartment, Lea knew that Julie won't be the same person. Julie would die on the inside, leaving only a shell of what she was. Before Lea started to leave, she was startled by a voice that came out of nowhere.
"Are we losing our home?" Lea looked around and found the source of the voice, which was walking on the house's front wall.
"Jenny?" Said Lea, and the little Arachne started to walk down to the ground.
"It's true, isn't? We're losing our home." Asked Jenny with a depressed face.
"No no, of course not, what makes you say that?" Lea tried to hide it with a smile.
"Everyone knows. We can feel it, Julie isn't the same. None of the adults is the same. They all feel sad about something and we just know what it is." Jenny was on the brink of crying. "II don't want to leave, I don't want to lose my home." Lea heard and saw enough. She grabbed Jenny's shoulders, looked straight into Jenny's eyes, and with steel in her voice, Lea said.
"You won't." That prevented Jenny from crying, but she wasn't convinced.
"Really?"
"Yes." Lea grabbed one of Jenny's hands and grabbed Jenny's pinky with her own. "I pinky promise." Jenny was convinced after seeing that.
"Okay." Jenny started calm down.
"Now go inside, is getting late." Lea was glad that Jenny felt better.
"Okay, good night, Lea." Jenny waved at Lea with a smile, and went to the door.
"Good night." Lea returned the wave and smile with one of her own. After that, Jenny went inside the house, and closed the door. With Jenny inside the house, Lea started to slide back home. While on the way, Lea appeared to be calm, but she had a serious expression on her face. Lea was nervous about her upcoming match. She was nervous about using the new technique, but after discovering the truth, all of that was pushed away from her mind. At that moment, it wasn't about winning a simple match, it wasn't about surviving the match, but it had turned into something different. Lea was ready, she was resolute, and she was prepared to win the tournament, or die trying.
The next morning, Lea opened the gym, but there was something different about it. The gym was opened much earlier than before. The only thing that the members had to do was to walk inside and get ready. That caught Alonso by surprise because he always went to the gym before it opened to prepare himself for the day. When Alonso arrived to the gym, he found Lea training.
"This is unusual, she usually starts after finishing her chores, or when I call for her." Thought Alonso. Wanting to know what was going on with Lea, Alonso headed straight to her, who was lifting weights with her tail. "Oye, chica, did you finished your chores?"
"Yeah." Answered Lea while weight lifting.
"Since when?" Alonso could see that everything was where it should and clean.
"Around six."
"Why did you start so early?"
"I just wanted to leave it all finished." Alonso never expected something like that to happen.
"How many of those have you done?" Asked Alonso as he pointed at the tail lifting the weight.
"This makes it fifty." Answered Lea after lifting the weight.
"Well, go and take a break." Alonso was getting suspicious about Lea's new routine.
"Okay." Lea put the weight down and headed to a bench. With Lea gone, Alonso tried to put the weights away, but something caught him by surprise.
"Que diablos? I don't remember them this heavy. I could actually lift them before, am I getting too old?" After trying a few more times, Alonso checked the weights, and he got surprised once again. The weights were heavier than the ones that Lea was using before. To make it even more surprising, Alonso remembered Lea saying that she lifted them fifty times. "What is the meaning of this?" Instead of pondering the question, Alonso decided to go and ask Lea about that. As Alonso was approaching Lea, he noticed a group of boxers in the ring, already wearing practice gloves and head protection. Alonso would have kept going on his way, but he stopped because those boxers was none other than Alinda, Salena, and Hilda. "What are they doing there? What's going on? Does this involve Lea?" There was only one way to find out, and it was speaking with Lea. Once he was close enough, Alonso saw Lea putting her gloves on, and the rest of her equipment. By the time Lea was done getting ready, Alonso was standing in front of her with a serious face. "Care to explain what's going on?" Lea looked up to Alonso and he could see it in her eyes. She was resolute about something, and she wasn't going to stop any time soon.
"I was trying to run away. I was scared about my upcoming match against Payton, but not anymore. I'm ready, coach, ready to work harder, ready to train double, triple."
"Does this willingness have anything to do with Julie?"
"Yes." Answered Lea while still looking at him eye to eye.
"If that's the case, then no. Letting your emotions get the best of you can be counterproductive, it could get in the way of your training." Answered Alonso with a straight face, and the response made Lea drop her gaze to the floor. Lea didn't say anything else, but Alonso knew very well that it was a sign, which meant that Lea wasn't going to accept that answer. "Chica." Alonso was about to argue with Lea, but he was stopped from doing that.
"Just let it go already." Said Hilda from the ring, which got the attention of Alonso and Lea. "She isn't going to stop no matter what." Hilda was more than ready to help.
"Yeah! Let's do this, Lea. I'm ready to go anytime that you are!" Said Salena, who was raring to help already.
"You should have heard Lea on the phone last night, I'm pretty sure that she would have kept calling if we didn't say yes." Said Alinda with an amused smile. All of them received a call from a serious Lea, asking them to go earlier and help her with training. After hearing that, Alonso started to get in deep thought about it, and Lea was looking at him in hopes that he would accept to help her train harder.
"Very well, you want to work even harder than before? Then I'll help you train even harder." That brought relief to Lea. "On one condition." After hearing that, Lea paid close attention. "If I see that it's getting too much for you, I want you to stop and take a break, got it?"
"Okay." With everything set, Lea was ready for anything.
"Then let's get started! You better be ready because this could turn into hell for you!" Alonso didn't show it, but he was getting influenced by his boxers. "If you're willing to go this far to win, then I won't stop you, chica, but I'll make sure that you're ready to fight at any day, anytime." Ever since then, Lea had been training harder than before. At the end of the day, Lea would just go to her bed and sleep.
That kept going for a whole month, and everyone could see that it was a tough training. Lea had been going over her usual limit, lifting heavier weights, sparring longer with three different opponents, and so on. It was simply more difficult and harder than before. Even with all that, Lea never complained. She simply kept going and going. Every time that Lea felt tired or ready to give up, she would remember Julie and the kids. She would remember their home that was about to be taken away, and the sad face of Jenny. When everyone thought that Lea would take a rest, she would surprise them by asking to continue. Alinda, Salena, and Hilda were getting worried about Lea's well-being. They could see that she was getting tired, and told her to take a rest. Of course, she refused, saying that she wasn't tired and kept going. There was only a week left before the match, and Alonso approached Lea, who was working on the sandbags.
"Oye, chica, you can stop working on the sandbag." Informed Alonso from behind Lea.
"Oh, okay." Said Lea as she turned around to see Alonso face to face, and it would have been hard to look at her if it was anyone else. Lea was showing signs of overwork, she could barely slide around the gym, and the sounds of the sandbags when she punched were nearly silent. "Sowhat am I going to be doing next?" Lea was tired, her mind screaming for a rest, but she refused to do it and she was ready to continue.
"Before that, let me check something." Alonso started to inspect Lea's muscles. Then, everyone in the gym heard a pained cry and they turned to the source, which was Lea. "All right, your muscles are at their full limit. Listen up, starting today, I don't want you to train at all, got that?" Ordered Alonso as he let go of Lea's muscles.
"You sure? I can keep going." Answered Lea, trying to flex her muscles, but failed at it and winced in pain.
"Completely sure, you got to let the muscles rest or you won't be able to fight against Payton."
"Then, I'm going to my apartment, thank you." With that settled, Lea slowly went to her apartment. Once Lea was upstairs, her trio of friends approached Alonso, and they looked worried about something.
"Are you sure a week is going to be enough? It looks like she could fall at any moment." Said Alinda.
"If she does nothing but rest, then yes, she will recover fully." Answered Alonso.
"Maybe we can give her something to eat and make her take a nap. I'm sure she will feel better after that." Said Salena, ready to go and get the food, especially if she got some herself.
"I don't think food will be enough, but a massage would be a different thing." Responded Alinda.
"One problem, lass, we don't know anyone who is a professional at it." Said Hilda, who strongly believed that a good night sleep would fix anything.
"Okay okay, that's enough, a week is more than enough. Besides, do all of you have the time to worry about someone else? Especially you, Salena, you have to be ready for your upcoming match." Said Alonso as he looked straight at Salena, who got serious after been remembered what was coming up for her. On the other hand, Alinda looked at Salena, concerned about something that only those close to her would know about. "I understand that all of you are concerned for her, but you must have faith that she will win this tournament. We have done everything we can for her. The rest would be up to her." Alonso looked ready for the match, he knew that the tournament was not the only thing at stake. Lea's well-being was on the line more than ever. The trio understood what Alonso said, and decided to follow his advice. They prayed for Lea's success on the inside and continued with their training. Meanwhile, Lea was actually on bed, looking at the ceiling while trying to rest, but it was a little difficult at the moment. All of her muscles were screaming in pain, Lea couldn't lift any of her arms without feeling the muscles cry in pain.
"Dammit, it hurts, everything hurts, even the parts that I didn't know it could hurt. I didn't want to show it, but I'm glad I got that rest. Not that I was going to quit anytime, but I know that I would need a rest. Now that I think about it, I wonder if the results will be enough to defeat Payton." Thought Lea, and after letting that question enter her head, she shook it vigorously. "No! I shouldn't let doubt consume me again, I'm prepared for anything, I don't care if my muscles explode, I don't care if my bones break. I'll fight to the end, as long as I have breath in me, I'll keep fighting." After that, Lea spent the rest of the day, and the week, resting her muscles.
It was the day of the weigh-in. Both Alonso and Lea were heading to the assigned venue where the match will take place. They were getting closer to the room where the weigh-in would take place, and they could see Zora waiting outside. After she noticed the approaching pair, she started to talk with them.
"Good day, how are you doing today?" Asked Zora with a friendly smile.
"Hello, Zora." Greeted Lea with a smile.
"Good day." Greeted Alonso with a serious tone of voice.
"You got here just in time, Payton is already inside." Said Zora.
"Really?" Asked Lea. She knew that she would meet Payton at some point. Lea thought that she would be ready for it, but she quickly found out that it wasn't the case.
"Yup, let's go in." After Zora said that, she went in first, followed by Alonso and Lea. Just as Zora said, Payton was already inside, waiting at the other side of the room with her coach. There were a few journalists inside, probably because of Payton. Considering her condition, they might be expecting one of her 'moments' to happen at the weigh-in. Payton wasn't looking at Lea. She was focused on getting out of her clothes to get on the scale. When everything was ready to take weights, Payton turned around, and it caught everyone by surprise. Payton had a strong physique, and it looked like she was made for battle, but it should have been expected of her, considering her background. Eventually, they took her weight and was announced that she passed. After that, Payton head back to her coach and started to put her clothes back. After that, Alonso got his bearings back.
"I must admit, its a well-developed body, but you've worked hard too. Now, get ready, and show them the results of your training." Said Alonso.
"Yeah." Lea did as ordered and took her clothes off. Once everyone saw Lea's body, they was so surprised, that it got Payton's attention. Lea saw her body before, and was just as surprised as the rest of the people in the room. Her muscles looked as if it was made of steel. Everyone believed that she could break a hand simply by squeezing it. A punch from Lea could break a bone, as easy as breaking a twig. That was only the upper body, if they could feel the tail, then they would had been even more impressed. If Lea's fists could break a bone, her tail might be able to break a wall that was made of steel.
"I wouldn't have believed the physique of these two, if I hadn't seen it by myself." Thought Zora in surprise. In her line of work, Zora had seen her fair share of tremendous bodies, but nothing like that. Just like always, Lea passed the weigh-in and headed to her coach to put her clothes back. After Lea was done, a journalist approached her.
"Excuse me, if I may have a word, what are your thoughts about your opponent Payton?" Asked the journalist.
"I'm sorry?" Asked Lea, who wasn't expecting an interview from a complete stranger.
"Your opponent, what do you think of her?"
"Oh, well, she looks very strong. No wonder she won all of her matches."
"Do you have any confidence for victory?"
"Well, I'll just do what I always do, and that is to put everything I have worked for into the match." That wasn't a respond that the journalist was expecting, but it was something or nothing. Payton was also been interviewed by one of the journalist, with pretty much the same questions. Suddenly, someone came with the bright idea to take a picture of them while they were having a handshake, as a sign of good sportsmanship. Lea didn't see a problem with it, and neither did Payton. They both approached each other for the handshake, and introduced themselves.
"Nice to meet you, I wish you good luck in our upcoming match." Greeted Lea with a polite smile as she extended a hand for Payton. Lea didn't show it, but she was feeling a little nervous on the inside.
"Nice to meet you too, and may the best one win." Answered Payton with a friendly smile and grabbed Lea's hand. Then, Payton felt the feeling, the desire, the blood lust, it was coming to her, and Lea felt her hand been squeezed a little harder by Payton. That was when Lea felt something inside of her, something telling her to stay alert, and took a look at Payton's eyes. Payton was looking at Lea as if she was a target to kill, and Payton's coach noticed that.
"Payton!" Yelled Benen and it seemed to bring Payton back to normal. Payton quickly let go of Lea's hand.
"I-I'm sorry, I have t-to go." Payton went to the door and left the room. Benen followed after her, but stopped at the door to offer apologies for Payton's sudden attitude. After that, he left the room. With the scene over, Alonso approached Lea.
"You okay?" Asked Alonso.
"Y-yeah." Answered Lea, who had a serious face.
"What's wrong?"
"I felt it."
"Felt what?" Lea looked at Alonso, and said.
"A killing intent."
Payton was sliding through the corridors at a quick pace, but not fast enough to leave Benen behind. Eventually, Benen caught up to her.
"Payton, what's wrong with you? Are you okay?" Asked Benen. That was the first time that he saw Payton about to go off at a weigh-in.
"The feelingis comingstronger than I remember." Answered Payton, who appeared to be struggling against something.
"Stronger? Why? They're mostly to a point where you could keep it down with nothing but willpower."
"It's her." Answered Payton.
"Her? You mean Specter? What about her? Did she do something to you?" Payton stopped, and Benen stopped along with her.
"She'sshe's"
"She's what?" Payton looked at him, and Benen could see the intent to spill blood.
"She's the real deal." Answered Payton and continued on her way at a slower pace. Benen was walking alongside her, but he was thinking about those two boxers.
"This is the first time that Payton almost goes off. Just what kind of match is this going to be?" Everyone was asking the same question as Benen, but they were sure of one thing. One of them was going to fall, and it was going to be a bloodshed.

Chapter 19: The Specter vs. The Maniac
It was the night of the fight, and Lea was waiting in the locker room with her seconds, Alonso and Fergus. While Lea was waiting to be called, she decided to start warming up. After a while, Alinda, Salena, and Hilda, arrived at the locker room.
"Good evening, Lea, how are you doing tonight?" Asked Alinda with a smile, in an attempt to help calm Lea.
"I'm ready at any time." Answered Lea, who sounded serious, and it made everyone worried.
"Wellwe came to wish you the best of luck. We know that you're going to win the tournament." Cheerfully responded Salena, trying to set the right mood for Lea.
"The lass is right, just remember everything you have learned and throw it at Payton's face." Said Hilda with sincere faith on Lea's success, but she was worried about Lea's safety.
"Thank you, everyone." Responded Lea while warming up. Then, she stopped, never dropping her serious face. After that, she dropped her arms to her sides and looked at the floor, which made everyone worried. The air in the room became heavy, and they knew that it must be something serious, but they didn't know how serious.
"Coach." Called Lea with a serious tone in her voice.
"Yeah." Responded Alonso.
"I want to ask you for a favor."
"What is it?"
"I want you to promise me, that no matter how bad it looks, no matter how bad I'm beaten, and no matter how horrible it goes, you will never throw the towel." After Lea finished saying that, there was no response, just silence. Lea couldn't see it, but she knew that it must have left them in shock. Alonso was the only one who wasn't surprised by that request. He had a feeling that Lea was going to ask for something like that.
"LeaYou're making it sound like this is going to be your last match." Said Alinda in disbelief.
"If this is a joke, then it isn't funny, so don't say stuff like that." Said Salena in hopes that it was a joke, but Lea didn't look like someone who was joking.
"This is about your friend, right?" Asked Alonso. He could tell, otherwise, Lea wouldn't make a request like that. Lea hadn't told anyone about Julie's predicament, so they didn't know the full story.
"Yeah." Answered Lea.
"Is Julie alright?" Asked Hilda.
"I have to win this, I just have to. I can't let this chance to slip away." Answered Lea. After hearing that, everyone was silent. They didn't know what else to say.
"Lea" Said Salena, but she didn't know where to go from there.
"Very well, as long as you promise to come out of this in one piece, then I promise not to throw the towel, deal?" Asked Alonso.
"Yes." Answered Lea, even though she didn't know if she could keep that promise, but she was sure as hell that she would do her best to win. That brought a sea of protest from Lea's friends.
"Coach, you can't be serious, Lea could get seriously injured here, or worse." Said Alinda.
"She's right, coach, you shouldn't make a promise like that. If you need help, Lea, we can help you, there's no need for something like this." Said Salena. Lea was been quiet, but then, she spoke.
"Thank you, everyone, but" Lea turned to look at them with a smile. "This is something I got to do on my own." Lea couldn't really ask them for help because each one of them had a problem of their own. Technically, Lea knew of Alinda and Salena, but didn't know about Hilda's need for money. Still, Lea wouldn't ask Hilda for financial help. Lea was sure that Hilda must have something big on her shoulders. Everyone was quiet once again, but Hilda started to slide towards Lea with a straight face, got in front of her, and stood face to face. Hilda stood there for a moment, looking Lea straight in the eye. Then, Hilda smiled.
"You got this, lass. I know you're going to win this, so go out there, and show her what you got." Said Hilda, who lifted a fist, and Lea understood what Hilda wanted to do. Lea lifted her fist, and bumped it with Hilda's fist. After that, Hilda started to slide out of the locker room, and headed straight to her seat. Once Hilda was gone, Lea looked at Alinda and Salena, who were a little surprised about what Hilda said. Then, Salena dropped her gaze to the floor, looking ashamed about something, but it didn't last long. Salena revealed her serious eyes, slid towards Lea, and stopped in front of her.
"I'm sorry, Lea. I shouldn't doubt you like that, I am 100% sure that you're going to win this. I'm really really really sure that you're going to win this, and when you do, we're going to throw a party for you." Said Salena.
"Sounds like a good idea." Said Lea, which made Salena smile. Then, Lea lifted a fist, and Salena bumped it with her own. Just like Hilda, Salena left the room, leaving Alinda as the last person. Alinda looked ashamed, just like Salena did, but gathered herself and put a more dignified look. She slid straight to Lea, and stood face to face.
"I also need to apologize. I was worried for you because I am your friend, but I should also have faith in you, like a friend should. I believe in you, Lea, so go and win this." Said Salena.
"I will." Lea's words made Alinda smile, fists were bumped, and she left the room. Lea was left with her seconds, feeling ready for the match, and grateful towards her friends. "Thank you, everyone."
In another room, Payton was warming up, but the atmosphere was different for her seconds. They felt as if they were standing inside the cage of a beast, or a timed bomb that could go off at any moment. Ever since Payton met Lea, Payton had been different. Her condition might have been an indicator that the opponent was going to be dangerous. Payton didn't even went to her house. She stayed in the gym, and whenever she felt the urge to punch something, she would go to the sandbag and go at it with calculated fury. Many of the members kept their distance, not wanting to fall victim to her attack. No one believed that they could stop her, even if they tried. At that moment, they were just a few moments away to the match, and Payton seemed to be more than ready for it.
"SoPayton, what's your plan against Specter?" Asked Benen, not feeling any of the heavy air around the room because he was already used to it. Payton didn't respond and kept warming up, which didn't bode well for Benen. "Payton?" Payton didn't respond again. "Payton!" That time, Payton heard loud and clear.
"Yes?" Answered Payton with no emotion in her voice.
"What's your plan against Specter?"
"I'll just go like always." After Payton answered that, she went back to warming up. That wasn't going as 'always' for Benen. Payton tended to have some kind of battle plan for every match.
"I'm pretty sure that you are barely holding yourself back. You're most likely going to go all out the moment you enter the ring. Even with Specter's new body, I'm afraid that there's still a chance that either one of the boxers is going to end in the hospital, or worse." After the small conversation was over, a staff member entered their locker room to inform them that their match was about to begin. With the staff member's business over, the staff member left the room. "Alright, let's go." Said Benen, but Payton didn't answer. She simply turned around and headed to the door. The seconds could see it, Payton's eyes were focused, not to win a match, but to fight a war. When someone went to war, it wasn't about win or lose, it was about kill or be killed. Lea received the same message and prepared to go into the ring.
"Let's go, chica, time to end this." Said Alonso, who was ready for anything.
"Okay!" Said Lea with resolve in her voice. There was no doubt, no regret, and no hesitation. With a strong mind and a resolute heart, everyone went to the ring.
The ring was empty at the moment, except for the announcer with the microphone, who delivered a message for the entire audience. It was a message that everyone had been waiting for, the announcement that the finals for 'The Rising Seeds Tournament' was about to begin. Also, the match would be a 6-round match because that was the finals. The audience cheered after hearing the announcement, already eager to see the match of two boxers with nothing but KO's in their records. Those who were paying attention, noticed certain faces in the audience, and it was none other, than Lea's previous opponents in the tournament. Luisa, who was making a name for herself in the Light Heavyweight division, was on her own. Karen, who was been as elegant as she could be, was around the same area. Before Lea's match, she had made a comeback into the boxing world with another KO victory. Last of all, was Tania, who also made a comeback with a KO victory. All of those boxers made everyone wonder why they were there. Of course, that was quickly put out of their minds as both boxers entered the arena, and slid towards the ring. Each boxer had their own fans. Lea's fans were waiting to see another KO from Lea, but Payton was another story. Payton's fans were also waiting for a KO, but the means were a little different. They expected to see a bloody KO, they liked to see the savage side of the sport, and Payton was the only one who could show it to them. Both boxers slid into the ring and went to their respective corners. After the announcer was done, the referee called them to the center of the ring. The boxers did as asked, and the referee started to explain the rules. They didn't pay attention to him, they already knew the rules, and they simply stared at each other. Lea could see that Payton was more than ready to start the match, she was ready to go for blood. It didn't scare Lea because she was ready for the match. No matter what happened in the match, she was going to win the match. When the referee was done, both boxers went back to their corners and waited for the bell to ring.
"This is it, chica, remember everything you have learned and, most of all, your promise." Said Alonso while was looking at Lea straight in the eyes.
"Yeah." Answered Lea. She knew the promise that she did to him, and the promise that she did to Jenny. "I'll save the house, and I'll protect the house, for everyone's sake!" In the other corner, Benen was giving some advice to Payton, but he knew that it wouldn't do any real difference.
"Be careful with this boxer, she must have prepared something for you, but most of all, be careful with her punches. She has insane power, and by the looks of it, it must have become unbelievable." Said Benen.
"No matter, I'll win this match and that's that. What I worry about, is if I'll be able to fight properly. I'm already feeling it creeping into my head." Said Payton. Benen couldn't see Payton's eyes because Payton was leaving her head down, but he could feel it.
"At this point, I don't know who I should worry about. Payton or Specter?" Benen didn't have too much time to think about it because the announcer ordered the seconds to leave the ring. They all do so without any complaint, leaving only the boxers and the referee in the ring. After the seconds were gone, both boxers turned around, not wanting to take their eyes off of their opponent. Everyone in the audience wondered who would come out victorious and who would come out on a stretcher. All of their questions would be answered soon because the bell ringed.
Both boxers came out of their corners, but they didn't go dashing towards the other. They came out slowly and started heading to the middle of the ring. Once they reached the middle of the ring, they keep each other outside of their punching range, and started to watch each other. Lea used her usual Peek-a-boo style, while Payton was using the standard stance. Then, Lea started to weave around in an attempt to confuse Payton, but it only made her stay in alert.
"So, your survival instincts are telling you to be careful? I would be with an opponent like Specter." Thought Benen, who was expecting Payton to go crazy, but she seemed to be under control, which he was glad for. Payton tested things out by getting closer, and threw a quick left jab, which Lea dodged. Lea didn't charge in, knowing that it was just a test. However, Lea wouldn't get anywhere just by watching, and decided to test things out in her own way. Lea slowly moved forward, getting closer to Payton, and Payton didn't back away. Instead, Payton threw another quick left jab, still testing Lea out. Lea dodged the punch with her weaving, and moved closer. Again, Payton threw a left jab, Lea ducked the punch, and moved closer. At that moment, without a doubt, Lea was in her best punching range, but she didn't start her attack. Instead, Lea stood there, looking at Payton eye to eye, and Payton maintained her ground, not sliding back even a little bit. Lea could see that Payton didn't feel fear, didn't feel pressure, she was ready for anything, just like Lea. With that new knowledge, Lea started  with a left hook to Payton's head, which Payton blocked with the right arm. Then, Lea threw a right uppercut to Payton's body, which Payton blocked with the left arm. Payton fought back with a right hook to Lea's head. Lea ducked the punch, and stood up with a left uppercut to Payton's body. Payton blocked the uppercut with both arms, and even then, Payton could feel the destructive power that Lea possessed. With the uppercut blocked, Lea threw a right hook at Payton's face. Payton ducked the punch, and threw a left hook at Lea's exposed body. Lea avoided the attack by moving with the left hook. Lea attacked with a right straight to Paytons head, but Payton anticipated the attack and blocked it with the right arm.
After that exchange, both boxers created distance, and the audience was left speechless. No one expected such a display of great in-fighting skills, and they cheered for that. In the audience, Lea's friends were staring in amazement at the tremendous show of skill and technique.
"You know, I thought Payton would have gone out for blood, but she seems pretty cool about it." Said Salena.
"Like the saying goes, 'the calm before the storm'. I'm sure this is just the beginning of it, and it will be far from over." Said Hilda, who was looking calm about it, but she was tense on the inside.
"That makes me more worried about Lea's safety. I know that Lea trained hard for this match, but when I think about Payton's reputation" Said Alinda, whose worry was showing on her face, and everyone understood what she was talking about.
"Then let's wish her our best, and hope for the best." After Hilda said that, they all kept watching the match.
Both boxers were back to staring at each other, and everyone who had experience in fighting, knew that the testing period was over. That moment was when the real fight was going to start. Lea dashed forward, and Payton attempted to keep Lea away with quick jabs, but Lea dodged and blocked them. Payton attempted to move around Lea, to avoid getting in her punching range. Fortunately, Lea was used to out-boxers, and quickly chased after Payton. Payton noticed that, and simply decided to stop sliding around because she didn't see the point if her opponent could chase after her with ease. Payton prepared herself, moved at in-fight distance, and another barrage of punches was launched. Lea started with a left hook to Payton's head, which Payton dodged by leaning back. Then, Lea threw a right hook, which Payton also dodged by leaning back. Payton didn't let it push her too far and returned with a left uppercut to Lea's chin, which Lea dodged by moving her head to the side. After that, Payton threw a right hook to Lea's head, which Lea blocked with the left arm. Lea fought back with a right uppercut to Payton's chin, but Payton dodged by moving her head to the side. Payton attempted a left hook to Lea's head, but Lea ducked the punch, and stood up with a left hook to Paytons head. The hook was blocked by Payton's right arm, and Payton attacked with a left hook to Lea's head. Lea ducked the punch and threw a right to Payton's body. It was dodged by sliding to Lea's right side and Payton fought back with a right straight to Lea's head. Lea used a shoulder to block the attack, but wasn't expecting the force behind the punch. It didn't make Lea lose her balance, but it sure made her slid away from Payton.
One minute had passed, and neither boxer had landed the opening hit. It would seem that they were equal in power, speed, and technique. After gathering herself, Lea rushed forward with her Peek-a-boo, and Payton was unwilling to back away. Payton also charged forward and they met with their shoulders, trying to push the other. Soon enough, they realized that their levels of strength were very similar, and Payton decided to pull away, trying to make Lea lose her balance. Fortunately, Lea quickly felt the force that was pushing her been diminished. Both boxers backed away at the same time. Again, they kept their distance, watching, and circling each other, which made the audience hold their breath. They knew that the boxers could go at any second. Then, Payton moved forward, just a little bit, and threw a left jab, which Lea ducked. Lea charged forward, but quickly found out that Payton backed away and threw another left jab at Lea. It caught Lea by surprise and barely blocked the punch, but the jab was quickly followed by a right straight, making it into a 1-2. The combo barely pushed Lea back, but it worked on keeping her in place, while Payton started to rain jabs on Lea. It made it difficult for Lea to push forward, but whenever the opportunity came up, Lea would slide just a little bit forward. Lea knew that Payton would sooner or later be trapped on the ropes or on the corner. Unfortunately, Payton knew that, and when they were close to the corner, she circled around. Then, she started to push Lea to the corner with right punches to the body. Lea tried to push back, but Payton stuck to Lea with the shoulder and kept pounding with right blows to Lea's body. Fortunately, they were all blocked, but the aim wasn't to hurt, it was to push. Lea was slowly, but surely, been pushed into the corner and Payton started to pound on Lea.
In Lea's corner, Fergus wasn't expecting Payton to read Lea's strategy to use the ropes.
"How was she able to read that? Not only that, but she was able to escape from it." Said an agitated Fergus.
"Payton might have experience in this kind of strategy. This means that she has already developed ways to escape from such a predicament." Answered Alonso with a serious face.
"Does that mean thatPayton knows how to defeat Lea?"
"Payton may know how to deal with in-fighters, but doesn't know how to deal with Lea herself. She might have escaped from the trap, but that's not the only thing that she should worry about." Alonso knew that Lea had trained hard, even more than Alonso expected, and it gave him confidence that Lea was going to escape from her predicament.
Even in that situation, Lea tried to remain calm and tried to think of a way to escape the ropes. Lea came up with a plan, and waited for the moment to use it. It came when a right blow to her body was launched, and Lea parried the blow by using a shoulder roll. Then, Lea escaped from the corner and pushed Payton to the ropes. Then, Lea started to show her specialty, by using small and fast punches, not giving any time to escape. However, Payton wasn't just going to sit there and take it. She was already thinking on how to escape. Payton found an escape route as she parried a left punch with her right hand. Then, she pushed Lea with the left shoulder. Payton started to push Lea, but Lea tried to attack with the left hand. Unfortunately, Payton was holding Lea's left hand, and Payton's back was towards the right, making it an illegal area to attack. Payton managed to stop Lea's barrage of attacks, which allowed her to move to the side and escape from the ropes. Lea knew what was coming next, a barrage of lefts were launched at her, making her focus on dodging and blocking as many as she could. Lea wasn't going to let that stop her, and moved forward under the assault of lefts. While Payton was throwing her barrage of lefts, she moved to Lea's left side and attempted to throw a right. Lea saw that, and ducked the punch. Unfortunately, it turned out to be a feint and Payton threw a short left uppercut at Lea. While Lea was ducking, she saw the punch and dodged by moving her upper body to the right. Lea stood up and threw a right hook at Payton's head, but Payton blocked it with her left hand. Then, Payton fought back with a right hook to Lea's head, which was ducked. Then, Payton threw a left uppercut, which Lea dodged by moving her upper body to the side. Lea threw a left uppercut to Payton's chin, but Payton dodged it by leaning back. After that, Payton attacked with a short right straight to Lea's head, followed by a left hook.
Two minutes had passed and both boxers had entered into another in-fight, neither showing signs of backing down. Lea ducked the right straight and blocked the left hook with the right arm. Then, she attacked with a left uppercut to Payton's body. Payton blocked the uppercut with her right arm, and threw a left hook at Lea's head. Lea must have read Payton's mind because Lea used the same arm to throw a left hook to Payton's head. Both punches turned into a simultaneous exchange, the first punches to cleanly land in the entire match. Even when both punches landed, neither boxer backed away, they actually start to throw a right hook. That time, they moved the head to the left, avoiding the hook to their head, but their arms got interlocked with each other. They quickly separate their arms and start throwing another hook to each other. Lea's left hook to Payton's body was blocked by Payton's right arm, while Payton's left hook to Lea's head was blocked by Lea's right hand. Then, they clash with their shoulders, neither budging a single centimeter. The deadlock was suddenly broken by Lea's right hook to Payton's head, which was blocked by Payton's left arm. Payton fought back with a right uppercut to Lea's chin, which Lea dodged by leaning back. Lea attacked with a left hook to Payton's head, which Payton ducked. Then, Lea threw a right hook to Payton's head, which Payton ducked. After that, Lea finished with a left uppercut to Payton's chin, which Payton dodged by moving her head to the left. Payton tried to hit Lea with a left uppercut to her chin. Lea blocked it with the right arm and attacked with a left hook to Payton's chin. Payton ducked the punch, and stood up with a right uppercut to Lea's chin, but Lea blocked it with the left arm. Lea attacked with a right hook, which Payton ducked. Then, Lea threw a left uppercut, which Payton dodged by leaning back. After that, Lea threw a right straight to Paytons face, which Payton dodged by moving her head to the left and tried to counter with a right cross. Lea avoided the attack by moving her head behind her right arm. Then, they pulled their arms back, turned to face each other, and clashed with their shoulder. That time, they weren't pushing at each other. They were actually leaning on each other, trying to catch their breath before going at it again.
On Payton's corner, both seconds were surprised at how Specter was able to fight evenly against Payton.
"Specter is a tough one. I don't remember the last time that someone has lasted as long as her." Said Benen's assistant.
"I'm a little surprised too. Most of them tended to end beat up to a pulp. However, I wouldn't worry about it too much." Said Benen with a straight face.
"Why? This is the first time that I have seen Payton fight evenly with an opponent."
"Well, the thing is, Lea hasn't faced Payton when she goes all out." Benen, and his assistant knew that Payton was even more dangerous when she let her killing instinct to act on its own. They started to wonder just how long it would take to come out.
While the boxers were resting, the audience cheered wildly, liking the excitement that those boxers brought to the fight. Not wanting to give even a second of rest, Lea started to attack with a right uppercut to Payton's body, but Payton moved away, and moved to Lea's left side. Then, she started to throw a left jab at Lea, who blocked it with the left hand and started to turn towards Payton. Unfortunately, Lea was met with another barrage of lefts to her head, making her focus on defense. Lea ignored the barrage and pressed forward, easily reaching punching range. Without hesitation, Lea threw a left jab at Payton, but Payton parried it with the left hand and threw a right straight as a counter. Lea was caught by surprise, but managed to duck the punch, and attempted to attack with a right hook to Payton's body. Unfortunately, Payton moved with Lea's hook and attempted to hit with more left jabs, but they were blocked by Lea's left arm. Before Lea had time to turn towards her opponent, Payton moved in, and attacked with a right uppercut to Lea's body. Lea quickly blocked with the left arm, and attacked with a right hook to Payton's head. To Lea's surprise, the hook was blocked by Payton's left arm, and Payton attacked with a right hook to Lea's head. Lea quickly ducked the punch, stood up, and attempted to attack with a left hook to Payton's body, but noticed that Payton slid back. Then, Payton attempted to counter with a right straight, but Lea stopped her uppercut, ducked the attack, and moved in. Then, Lea launched a left hook to Payton's body, and Payton tried to counter with a downward left to Lea's head. That time, Lea wasn't going to stop her attack, she was going to make it into a simultaneous exchange, but they were stopped by the referee. The bell was ringing, announcing the end of the first round, and the referee sent both boxers to their respective corners. Without complain, they started to head to their seconds, who were waiting in their corners.
Lea arrived to her corner and sat on the stool that was waiting for her. Once Lea was on her seat, the seconds started to help her recover and fix any wound that they could. Fortunately, there was no wound, they fought pretty evenly, and neither one caused serious damage to the other.
"You did good in that round, none of her punches landed on you. However, none of your punches was landing either, except for the simultaneous exchange. Other than that, the two of you have been going pretty evenly." Said Alonso as he was inspecting Lea's condition.
"It looked like that, but it felt different for me." Answered Lea while trying to recover as much as possible.
"What do you mean?"
"It didn't feel like she was going at full force. It felt like she was testing me. She could actually do better than that. I felt it when she started to block and throw counters at any punch that I could throw." Answered Lea with a serious face.
"Is that so? What about you then? Did you throw everything that you could? Did you go at her with everything you got?" Asked Alonso.
"No, we must have thought the same thing. I know she's strong, stronger than she lets on."
"This is your experience talking. Rushing like a mad bull will only work so far, but not with an opponent like this. However, there's a moment when the time for study is over and is time for action. In the next round, use all that you have learned in this match and attack. Remember, if you want to stop a counter from coming at you, then you throw punch after punch, don't give her a moment to attack. That's what an in-fighter like you is good at, got it?" Lea looked at Alonso with a determined face, and responded.
"Okay."
Meanwhile, on Payton's corner, things were almost the same as in Lea's corner.
"What do you think, Payton? Think you can handle such a strong in-fighter?" Asked Benen, who wasn't looking worried in the least.
"She's strong and fast. She's obviously a specialist when it comes to in-fighting." Answered Payton, who was ready to go into the fray at any moment.
"Yes, but the question I have is this: Think you can handle her?" Payton looked straight into Benen's eyes, and Benen could see that she was ready to simply start to put Lea down.
"Yes." That was all Payton answered.
"I expected an answer like this one from her. Payton has dealt with in-fighters before, but is not that experience that helps her. Her survival instinct is what protects her, but what makes her more frightening in a match, is her killing instinct. I'm not worried about Payton, but I know that her opponent is strong. Let's see if you can deal with Payton, now that she has felt your skills."
While the seconds kept working on their boxers, Tania was watching from the audience and studying what was going on.
"They took good notes on each other, good references, and good application of that new information. Unfortunately, they are too even, equal when it came to attacks in the first round. What is going to break the standstill?" Thought Tania, who got deep in thought about the subject. Another person in the audience was enjoying the match, and the person was none other, than Karen.
"I was expecting nothing less from Specter, and of course, Payton. Speaking of Payton, there's something strange going on with her. It isn't passion, but something else, something more savage about her, unlike Specter herself. I wonder when is Payton going to unleash it." Thought Karen. Last, but not least, was the rising star in the Light Heavyweight division, Luisa.
"This is a good match, I'm glad that I came to see this. Just as I was hoping, Specter already reached the finals, but considering the opponent that she's fighting, is not going to be an easy one. Be careful, Specter, I got a bad feeling about her." Thought Luisa. Suddenly, the announcer ordered the seconds to leave the ring.
"One more thing, if you want to beat a counter-puncher, use feints. Confuse her, let her know that you got more up your sleeves, got it?" Said Alonso in an attempt to give any last advice that he could.
"Got it." Answered Lea while putting her mouthpiece. With all seconds out, both boxers wait for the bell, and they didn't have to wait for long. Without any delay, the bell ringed.
Both boxers came rushing forward, meeting each other in the middle of the ring. Lea started the attack with a left hook to Payton's head. Payton tried to block it, but it was a feint, and Lea threw a right uppercut to Payton's chin. Payton fell for the feint, but it didn't matter because Payton managed to block it with the left arm. Then, she attacked with a right hook to Lea's head. Lea ducked the punch and tried to force the pace to her favor by starting a barrage of small punches. What Lea wasn't expecting, was Payton starting to block every single one of Lea's punches with whatever she could use. After seeing that, Lea decided to add some feints in her barrage of attacks. Unfortunately, it seemed that Payton had gone up a gear in speed because she was able to keep blocking and dodging the attacks. Lea wasn't one to lag behind and started to increase the speed of her punches. Even with that, Payton was able to block and parry Lea's attacks, which made things look bad for Lea. In Lea's opinion, it wasn't so bad because Payton hadn't landed a single punch on Lea, which meant that Lea's plan was working well. Unfortunately, Lea was far from the truth because it wasn't that Payton couldn't attack. She simply didn't want to attack yet. All of that blocking and dodging was the final part of her study. At that moment, Payton had more than enough, and when Lea threw a right uppercut to Payton's body, Payton blocked the attack with the left arm. Then, Payton landed a right hook on Lea's head, but Lea surprised Payton when a hook landed on her body.
That exchange surprised Benen because he wasn't expecting Lea to actually keep attacking after taking a hit to the head.
"Just what in the hell is that girl made of? Payton's hooks are no laughing matter, but Specter was able to take it and continue fighting. I hope things don't turn for the worse after that, Specter might take this chance to control the flow of the match." Thought Benen. He wasn't liking how that was going and didn't want to admit it, but he hoped for Payton to go all out. "I feel like the worst person for what I'm about to wish for, but if it means winning the match, then so be it. Payton, don't you think is time to let the beast out?" Benen was sure that, when it came out, the match would fall into their hands, and with it, the tournament.
After the left hook, Lea continued with a right uppercut to Payton's chin, which Payton dodged by sliding back. Then, she took the opportunity to land a right on Lea's face. As Payton pulled her right back, Lea rushed in and landed a left uppercut on Payton's body. Then, Lea tried to use the same left arm to launch a left hook to Payton's head, but Payton launched a left hook to Lea's head. Both punches landed, making it into another simultaneous exchange, and again, Lea ignored the pain. At that point, Payton realize that trying to beat Lea in her specialty wasn't the best course of action. The plan was to demoralize Lea by beating her in her own game, but it turned out that she was better than Payton thought. So, Payton decided that she would use out-boxing at close-range. Staying inside of Lea's arm reach, Payton started move quickly in short distances, while Lea attempted to land a punch. Lea threw a left uppercut to Payton's chin, but Payton moved to the left and countered with a left jab to Lea's face. Ignoring that attack, Lea continued to chase after Payton and attacked with a left hook. Payton ducked the punch, and countered with a right uppercut to Lea's chin. Lea refused to give up, even if she took those counters, and continued her attack. At that moment, Lea decided to use a little addition to her attacks, and that addition, were feints. Lea threw a left hook at Payton, making Payton move to Lea's right side. Then, Lea threw a right and hit Payton in the face. That didn't stop Payton because she had more toughness than the average out-boxer. Payton attacked with a left to Lea's face, but Lea ducked the punch, and stood up with a left uppercut to Payton's chin. Lea was actually throwing a feint, and she could see that Payton was going to move to the right. Lea was going to throw a right hook to Payton's body, but Payton was betting that the uppercut was a feint and it paid off. Payton moved back just in time to dodge the hook and landed a right straight on Lea's face. Just like before, Lea attempted to push forward, even if the fist was right on her face, and Payton knew that Lea would do that. So, Payton threw a left hook, but Lea quickly ducked the punch and hit Payton's body with a right hook.
A minute had passed into the second round, and Lea had landed a clean hit on Payton's body, but it didn't stop there. Lea kept her barrage of attacks on Payton, forcing her to cover-up, but it didn't look like it would be enough. Payton was slowly been pushed back with every punch that landed on her guard. Eventually, Payton was pushed all the way to the ropes, and she was kept there by Lea's punches. Lea didn't give Payton any chance to retaliate because Lea kept her punches as small and quick as she could throw them. The audience behind Payton could see her been pushed into the ropes little by little. Payton was trying to think of a way out of the ropes, but couldn't think of anything.
"What to do? What to do? Specter is strong, really strong, no matter how much I punch her, she will simply keep pushing. How do you stop a boxer like that?" Thought Payton. Then, Payton felt something, something that she was very familiar with, and she didn't like it. "What? No! II have to resist, I have to focus. I can't let it out, even if Lea is my opponent, she's a nice person on the inside." It was creeping its way out, and Payton couldn't hold it back any longer. "Specter, I'm sorry, I hope you can survive." Lea was about to land another barrage of attacks, which was a left uppercut and a right hook, but they didn't hit. Instead, they were knocked aside by Payton, who used both of her arms, and stopped the assault on her. That caught Lea by surprise, not expecting to be stopped like that because it would have taken a high amount of speed and power to do so. After that, Lea felt something inside of her that was telling her to be careful, to be in alert, and it made her look at Payton. What Lea found in Payton's eyes, was nothing more than a complete intent, not to hurt or win, but to simply kill her.
Alonso was left speechless, and he wasn't the only one, Fergus was shocked by what he just saw.
"I can hardly believe it, Payton was able to stop her with simple brute strength, but how did she get the timing for it?" Asked Fergus, who had never seen such a thing, and noticed that Alonso was looking confused. "What is it, coach?"
"Well, I'm just as surprised as you, but there's something weird with the chica. Even if she was stopped, she would have continued on her attack on Payton, but she didn't." Answered Alonso.
"Maybe she's still surprised."
"No, this is something different, I can feel it in the air, something big is going on, and is staring at the chica's face." Alonso couldn't explain it any better than that, and could only hope that Lea could deal with it.
Payton started her retaliation when she threw a right uppercut at Lea's chin. Lea saw that and leaned back, but it turned out to be a feint. Payton stopped her uppercut, and moved in with a left hook to Lea's head. It landed on the side of Lea's head and made Lea back away from Payton, giving her enough space to escape from the ropes. At that point, Payton wasn't concerned about escaping from the ropes. She was just concerned about destroying the enemy in front of her, and she was just getting started. Payton chased after Lea and attacked with a left jab, which Lea blocked. After the block, Lea tried to rush in with a left uppercut to Payton's chin. Payton moved to the side, and hit Lea with a right uppercut to her body. Then, Payton followed with a left straight to Lea's head, sending it flying to the side. Lea's new toughness helped Lea recover quickly from the punch and returned the attack with a right punch. Payton dodged the punch to the left and used a right cross counter, pushing Lea back again. Lea knew that backing down was a bad move in an in-fight. She refused to do so and tried to move closer to Payton. While doing so, Payton quickly moved to Lea's right and threw a left punch at Lea's liver, but Lea managed to block the attack. Unfortunately, Payton didn't stop there and threw a right straight at Lea's exposed head, but Lea barely managed to duck the punch. Lea turned to face Payton and tried to dash forward, but Payton moved to Lea's right, a move that Lea was expecting. When Payton got into position, Lea threw a right at Payton, but she moved in and dodged the punch. Not only that, but Payton landed another right cross counter on Lea's face, making Lea back away. Payton rushed in, taking the opportunity to put the pressure back on Lea, and started with a barrage of attacks. That put Lea on the defensive, covering as much as she could, and dodging as many punches as she could. Basically, the tables were turned, and Lea was on the receiving end.
Two minutes have passed, and things have turned ugly for Lea, who was been pounded by Payton. Lea was dodging, blocking, whatever she could do to avoid any more damage than she already had. Still, Lea refused to stay that way forever, and attempted to throw a feint at Payton. Lea threw a left, which was actually a feint, but Payton didn't fall for it and kept her assault on Lea. Another feint was thrown as a left uppercut to Payton's chin, and again, Payton didn't fall for it. Instead, Payton threw a right and hit Lea right in her face, which left her in disbelief.
"How is it that she doesn't fall for my feints? Can she read my mind or something? What am I supposed to do in this situation?" Thought Lea, who wasn't given any time to think because she had to focus on surviving the round.
While Lea was in the match trying to survive, those in the audience had an impression of their own.
"Those counters, avoiding those feints, no amount of study, research, or investigation can achieve that. This is beyond that, this is something that you just feel it, something that the body must sense. I have no real explanation for this level of skill." Thought Tania, who had performed hundreds of counters, but she always relied on studying the opponent. She never believed in just guessing. Karen on the other hand, while impressed by Payton's level, was disgusted by the feeling of insanity that she felt on Payton.
"So this is what I was feeling, that explains the shady people in the audience. Payton isn't thinking of anything, but to simply spill blood and paint the ring red with it. What are you going to do, Specter? Can you defeat a killing machine like Payton?" Thought Karen in hopes that Lea could win the match. Luisa was actually feeling uncomfortable for another reason.
"Somehow, this reminds me of my old days. When I didn't care what happened to them. You're strong, Specter, I know you can defeat her. If you lose here, then what do you think you're previous opponents are going to feel like?" Thought Luisa and prayed for Lea's victory.
Meanwhile, Payton kept the attack on Lea, and Lea decided on another approach to that situation. If she couldn't land a hit without getting hit, then she was going to make them into a simultaneous exchange. The opportunity presented itself when Payton threw a right hook, and Lea threw a right hook of her own. It looked like they would hit at the same time, but Payton quickly changed the hook into a left straight, hitting Lea in the face. Lea tried again and launched a left hook when Payton threw a right uppercut, but the right uppercut turned into a block. Then, Payton threw a short left straight on Lea's chin, making Lea's head face the ceiling, and Payton threw another attack to Lea's chin. Lea recovered and barely blocked with the right hand, but a right hook was sent to the side of Lea's head. With incredible speed, Lea barely ducked the punch, and was put in the defensive again. Lea may be doing a good job at blocking, but it meant that she would either lose by decision, the referee might stop it, or Payton would find a crack in Lea's defense, and pour in the punishment. Either way, Lea clung to hope and tried to push forward under the rain of punches to reach Payton's chest. Lea managed to slide little by little, but Payton didn't allow it any longer and push Lea back with a quicker barrage of attacks. Lea's guard was slowly breaking apart, and didn't last long before it actually broke. With the opening, Payton threw a right straight at Lea's face, and Lea was hit cleanly, but managed to hang on to consciousness. Payton didn't stop there and threw a left uppercut to Lea's chin, which Lea managed to dodge by moving her head to the right. That was a perfect opportunity to escape from the ropes. Lea slid to the side, but Payton didn't allow it. With the same speed, if not faster, Payton followed Lea and kept her in the ropes with a barrage of lefts. Again, Lea was left in the defensive, but thankfully, the referee got between them and stopped the assault. The bell ringed at the same time that the referee got between them, but Payton didn't seem to care and tried to keep fighting.
Then, Payton stopped because someone familiar to her called her.
"Payton!" Shouted Benen, and Payton started to slide back to her corner, leaving a damaged Lea on the ropes. Once Payton was gone, Lea started to slide to her corner, and didn't have a face that showed any fear or doubt. Instead, it was a face that was starting to swell and showing some signs of bleeding. Mostly around the nose and the mouth, sending the message to everyone that Lea might be up, but she lost in her specialty. After witnessing Lea losing terribly in an in-fight, everyone in the audience started to wonder if Lea could do anything.

Chapter 20: Upgrade
Lea reached her corner after been dominated by Payton in an in-fight, and Lea's face told the whole story. Alonso and Fergus took a good look at Lea's face, and they found more than just areas swelling up. What they also found out that, was that Lea was demoralized, which was what the seconds expected after she was beaten in her specialty.
"What can I do? Is there anything I can do? Was it a bad idea to try this in the first place?" Thought Lea as her spirit started to slowly crumble. The loss in the in-fight had been too much for her, and she wasn't the only one. Alinda, Salena, and Hilda were in shock, not expecting their friend to lose like that and that Payton was that dangerous.
"Lea may be our friend, but I have to admit it. As a counter-puncher, Payton was impressive. Been able to throw counters at such a short range, been able to read a feint, was beyond expectation." Said Alinda in disbelief.
"I don't want to admit it, but Payton is a strong one, I don't think this is going to be easy for Lea." Said Hilda with a serious face.
"Okay, so Payton is crazy strong, but Lea trained like a mad person, and the coach is with her. I'm sure something will come out and make things better." Argued Salena, but it was mostly to avoid sounding pessimistic about the match. They could all imagine just how bad it felt for Lea to be beaten in her own game, and how hard it was going to be to get out of it. "Come on, Lea, you can do this. We all believe in you." Back in the ring, Alonso was looking at Lea, and decided to fix that look in her face. Alonso grabbed a bag of ice, and put it on Lea's face, which made Lea shiver. Lea looked at Alonso, just as he wanted, and he knelt to her level.
"What's with that look of yours? Do you think you're going to lose?" Asked Alonso with a straight face.
"No noIt's just" Answered Lea, who looked hesitant to say it.
"It looks bad, I know, I saw the whole thing on the corner, and I'm surprised. Now, let me ask you this, have you done everything that you could?" That question confused Lea. As far as she knew, she had done everything that she could against Payton. Then, Lea started to think deeply about it, and came to the realization that Lea hadn't used her technique. "If you can slide here on your own, then there's still hope, and you still have one more thing to try."
"Yeah, I haven't used it." Lea started to feel a little better about it and recovered some of her will to fight.
"That's right, it might be a risky move, but if you use it quickly before Payton closes the distance, you might be able to land the attack. Even if she blocks it, you might pass through her guard, got it?"
"Yeah!" Lea was ready to fight again.
On the other corner, things weren't going bad for Payton and her seconds. Unfortunately, the air was heavy for the seconds because of Payton's state of mind. One of the seconds was actually nervous about it. He thought that Payton was going to go off on them, instead of Specter. The only one brave enough to stand face to face with Payton, was Benen because he knew how to deal with her when she was like that. Benen took a good look at her eyes, and he could see that she wanted to fight, not to sit around. It was a good thing that Payton's training in the gym had made her control herself, or at the very least, to consider Benen as her commander. With Payton under control, they started to help Payton. When they were done, the announcer ordered the seconds to leave the ring. Before they did it, Benen gave an order that he wasn't going to be happy about, but it needed to be done.
"Eliminate." That was the only thing that Benen said, and Payton responded by simply getting up in a sudden manner. With both boxers ready, the bell ringed, which announced the start of the third round.
Payton rushed out of her corner and headed straight to Lea, but Payton stopped a few feet away from her own corner. Lea slowly came out of her own corner, which was something suspicious for Payton and her seconds. Lea's fans were a different story because they already knew what that meant, and they liked what Lea was planning. Payton knew that something was up and decided to proceed with caution. At that moment, both boxers were moving closer to each other at a slow pace, which made many in the audience hold their breath. Then, as quick and unexpected as a lightning bolt, Lea launched her Spear Strike at Payton, going straight to her face. Payton quickly managed to put both hands in front of her face, blocking the attack, but things didnt go her way. The punch kept going with her guard, pushing Payton's hands to her own face and sent her flying back. By the time Payton stopped, she was close to the ropes, and the audience cheered for such an insanely powerful punch, even though it only hit her guard. Lea was very surprised because she wasn't expecting the Spear Strike to be that powerful. Then, Payton's corner was about to be surprised. When Payton revealed her face, it showed a trail of blood coming out of her nose, which indicated that her nose was crushed by the attack. Many in the audience were left astonished and made them cheer for Lea even more.
Payton's corner was left without words. They have watched the videos countless times about Lea's technique, but they never anticipated the attack to be that destructive.
"That attack is just plain dangerous, if one of those were to land cleanly on Payton, it might end the match in an instant." Thought Benen as he looked at Payton's face, and he could see that Payton wasn't perturbed, not even when her nose was broken by the attack. Seeing that made Benen calm down, but only a little. "As long as Payton still has that look on her face, then we haven't lost yet."
It would be a great opportunity for Lea to trap Payton on the ropes and start her assault, but Lea didn't charge. Instead, Lea prepared once again to throw her Spear Strike, which made many in the audience believe that she wanted to end the match. With the preparations complete, Lea started her slow march towards Payton, who was still standing near the ropes, but wouldn't be for long. In an attempt to stop Lea from throwing the attack, Payton dashed forward in a lower stance. After Lea noticed that, she also lowered her stance, and launched another Spear Strike. Payton was ready to simply block, and she did by using a cross-arm block in front of her face. The attack landed, and many would believe that Payton made a successful block, but that wasn't the case. The strong cross-arm block was blown away, leaving the crowd and Payton's corner in disbelief. The block only saved Payton from been launched away, but that might have been bad in itself. While Payton recovered from the attack, Lea took the opportunity to charge in and attack with a Liver Blow. The blow landed on Payton, making that the first punch that had landed since Payton went insane. Even in that state, Payton couldn't hide the pain that was showing on her face, and Lea didn't stop there. After the Liver Blow, Lea stood up with a left hook to Payton's head, but Payton managed to rise her right arm to her head, and blocked the attack. That didn't stop Lea, who attempted another left hook to Payton's liver, but Payton moved out of the way and countered with a left jab to Lea's face. Lea staggered for a little bit, showing signs of accumulated damage, but refused to let it stop her even for a second, and pressed forward. That time, Lea attempted a left uppercut to Payton's chin, but Payton read that and attempted a counter with a left hook. A punch landed, but it wasn't Payton's punch. It was Lea's punch, which left Payton's corner in shock. Lea won the exchange because Payton's body was still in pain, and it delayed her punch for a second. The punch sent Payton's head back, and Lea tried to follow up with a right hook, but Payton ducked the punch and backed away from Lea. That meant only one thing for Lea. She was getting the upper hand on the match, and she wasn't willing to let it go. With the distance created by Payton, Lea decided to use another Spear Strike.
One minute into the third round and Lea was finally taking control of the match. To put an end to the match, Lea prepared to use the Spear Strike once more and got her tail ready for it. Payton backed away to the middle of the ring, and stood there. Everyone thought that Payton was trying to recover from the previous attacks. With that in mind, Lea slowly proceeded into her attack's range, hoping that Payton would stay in place. The slowness of Lea's approach was nerve wrecking. Lea's fans were eager to see Lea win the match, and even more if she used the Spear Strike. They won't have to wait for long because Payton was already in range, and Lea launched her attack on Payton. Lea was going straight towards Payton, too fast for the normal eye to catch. It felt like an eternity for those watching, but as soon as it started, it ended quickly. A tremendous crashing sound was heard throughout the entire arena. Both boxers have a rising fist in front of them, Lea because of her Spear Strike, and Payton with her left fist. Some started thinking that she may have tried to counter the dangerous Spear Strike. Lea and Payton were away from each other, both showing their backs to each other. No one was sure what just happened, neither boxer was moving a single muscle. Then, Payton was the first one to move. Payton slowly turned around, still with the killing desire in her eyes, and Lea on the other hand, stood in the same position. After a few moments, Lea wobbled and started to slide towards the ropes in front of her. It didn't look like she would reach them, so she launched herself to the ropes. Lea landed on the ropes, and the audience could take a good look at Lea's face. What they weren't prepared for, was for Lea to suddenly drop her mouthpiece, which was followed by a trail of blood. Some in the audience screamed or gasped in horror at the sight. After that, Lea turned around and leaned on the ropes for support. That was when Lea's corner could get a better look at her face. There was blood in Lea's mouth, her nose was bleeding, and her eyes were nearly empty.
Lea's corner watched in shock, felt a cold sweat on them, and had their eyes wide open. No one expected Payton to have, not only the skill, but the guts to actually try a counter, and to actually succeed.
"This is the worst case scenario! Tania countered the attack before, but her fear made her hold back most of her punching power. Payton used all the strength that she could muster in her left hand and perfectly countered the Spear Strike. It's a miracle that the chica is still standing, but will she be able to hold on until the end of the round?" Thought Alonso, but after he witnessed that, he doubted that Lea would be able to keep her promise to him. Alonso could clearly see why Payton landed the counter. She moved forward, faster than Lea, and countered with a left straight. All that made Payton's punch the first one to land.
Payton was standing in the same spot, staring at Lea to determine how damaged she was. Payton was about to start her attack on Lea, but Payton got a surprise. Lea started to move away from the ropes and slowly slid towards Payton. Everyone could see that Lea was in no condition to move around, even less to start an attack, but Lea didn't seem to care. Payton didn't care how damaged was Lea and started to slide towards her, ready to end the match in that instant. When Payton reached punching range, she prepared to throw a right straight at Lea. Lea attempted the same thing and threw a right straight, but it was obvious that Payton's right was going to land first. Then, everyone got the surprise of their life when Lea's right was the one that landed on Payton's face, and Lea's right didn't seem to have lost any power behind it. No one could understand why Payton lost another exchange, since she was almost a master when it came to countering punches. The truth was that Payton was more damaged than she thought and used a lot of her remaining stamina to land the previous counter. That was something that Payton's corner was just discovering. Lea didn't stop there and threw a left hook at Payton's head, but Payton moved out of the way just in time. Lea didn't seem to notice because she simply kept punching. Then, Lea suddenly stopped and started to look around, which meant that she was actually half-conscious. Once Lea found what she was looking for, she slowly started to slide towards Payton, who didn't back away, but didn't slide forward either. Payton preferred to wait and see where Lea was going to strike next. While Lea was on the way towards Payton, Lea wobbled for a moment, and regained her balance after a moment.
Two minutes into the third round and things seem to be getting even between them, but Lea was still in a critical condition. Looking unsteady and with a bloodied face, no one in the audience felt any hope of Lea winning the match. Still, they could see that Lea kept going, her will to fight hadn't been broken, and it touched many hearts in the audience. Many in the audience started to cheer for Lea, trying to revive that injured warrior, but it didn't seem to have any real effect on Lea. Either way, they kept going, and just like they wanted, Lea kept moving towards Payton. Once Payton recovered from her damage, the look on her face changed, and it looked to be more bloodthirsty than before. Payton moved forward and started to attack with left jabs, which made Lea go on the defensive again. That alone didn't seem to stop Lea in the least. With no other alternative, Payton entered into an in-fighting distance and started to attack with a right hook to Lea's head. Lea blocked it with the left arm and attacked with a right uppercut to Payton's chin. Payton attempted to lean back and counter with a left hook, but lost some of her balance, which stopped her from attempting a counter. Lea didn't care, or didn't notice, and simply continued her attack with a left hook to Payton's head. As a last resort, Payton attacked with a left hook of her own and made it into a simultaneous exchange. Payton was confident that Lea had suffered more damage than Payton, and believed that the first one to fall would be Lea. Even with that in mind, Payton could feel the same strength that Lea had since the beginning, so that made it into a risky move.
Lea's previous opponents knew what Payton was trying to do, but they didn't think it will be enough to bring Lea down.
"Trying to bring Specter down before she does? Thats a bold move, but is not enough to bring her down. Specter is too resilient, to the point of been out of this world, but considering the damage from the counter, she might not have enough. Still, Specter has tremendous punching power, and it might cause more damage than Payton thinks. This is too difficult to bring a conclusion, too many unknowns, must keep observing." Thought Tania as she kept watching the match.
"Specter has too much determination, too much spirit to fall easily with simple exchanges. She always makes her matches a wonder to watch and her passion is moving. Don't fall, Specter, a being such as you shouldn't fall to a killing machine like her." Thought Karen and prayed for Lea's success.
"You can try against her, Payton, but if I could have warned you, I would have told you to avoid that slug fest. Specter may not have the same power as me, but she still packs power on those fists of hers. Still, I'm worried about that previous counter, and it makes me wonder. What drives her to this point?" Thought Luisa, who would feel closer to Lea, if Luisa knew what Lea was fighting for.
Lea went with a right uppercut to Payton's chin, while Payton went with a left hook to Lea's head, making it into another exchange. Lea followed with a left hook to Payton's body, while Payton went with a right uppercut to Lea's chin, making another exchange. That time, Payton pulled back, making everyone believe that she lost the exchange, but it wasn't the case. Payton was baiting Lea to make her use the Spear Strike. Lea saw that and didn't seem to realize the plan because she prepared to launch the attack. Everyone tried to warn her, but Lea wasn't conscious enough to listen to them, and proceeded to move into range. Payton was waiting for it, and wouldn't have to wait any longer because Lea quickly launched her attack. To everyone's horror, Payton quickly moved forward, and managed to counter with a right straight to Lea's face. The counter sent blood flying through the air, and pushed Lea's head back. The audience could see that Lea was starting to fall on her back, heading straight to the mat. They considered Lea done for, some even considered her death. Then, they saw a miracle, something that could not have been believed if they weren't in the arena watching the match with their own eyes. Lea managed to regain her balance and kept standing, leaving many in shock and amazement. Of course, Lea started to wobble again, showing that the attack did hurt her. Payton didn't look shocked, more like she expected that. She knew that Lea wouldn't fall with those punches, not with those eyes filled with determination. Therefore, Payton would have to simply beat the life out of Lea. After all, they still had three more rounds to go, and to make sure it took less, Payton moved into punching range. Payton started with a 1-2 combo, which Lea blocked, and stayed blocking, not wanting to drop her guard for even a second. Payton continued to attack, knowing that Lea's guard will eventually break, and it does. Lea's guard was beaten open, and Payton tried to take the opportunity to land a clean hit on Lea's face with a right straight. Everyone thought it would be the end of the match, but the bell started to ring and the referee got between them. Payton attempted to slide past the referee, but the referee held her back, until Benen called for her. After that, both boxers start to head to their respective corners, with Payton sliding like nothing, while Lea slid with uneven movements. That made the audience believe that Lea might be done for.
Lea managed to reach her corner, needing the help of Alonso to actually reach the stool before dropping on it. While Alonso checked on Lea, Fergus was cleaning the bloodied mouthpiece that Lea dropped when leaning on the ropes.
"The whole mouthpiece was covered in blood, which just shows how dangerous the counter was. I don't know if we should let Lea continue with this. The worst thing that could happen is that Lea turns into a tragic accident." Thought Fergus and was about to talk to Alonso about that, until Fergus heard Alonso talk to Lea.
"What? I can't hear you." Said Alonso, who looked both worried and puzzled.
"I can fightIt's notover. Everythingis set. This is allor nothing." Mumbled Lea, still looking half-conscious. In an attempt to help clear Lea's head, Alonso grabbed water and poured it on Lea. After that, Alonso started cleaning the blood off of Lea's face, which was swelling up. The right eye was closed because of the swelling. Alonso could see that Lea was nearly done, she didn't look like she could fight any longer and he was about to tell Lea that he was stopping the match. Then, he took a look into her eye, and he saw something that nearly brought the tough trainer to tears. Alonso could still see Lea's tremendous will and determination to fight, ready to win or die trying.
"You're one great boxer, chica. I cannot stop you from fighting. Instead of worrying of getting your hatred, I would regret stopping you." While Alonso was thinking that, Lea kept mumbling to herself about something been set. "Chica, what did you set up?" Lea didn't respond and kept her mumbling to herself.
"What do we do, coach? Should we stop the match?" Asked Fergus in concern.
"No, help me get her ready for the next round. It's going to be the last one." Answered Alonso.
On Payton's corner, things couldn't get any better. They simply knew that they had the victory in that match. After that counter, they believed that Lea was going to be nothing more than a simple punching bag, or a bloody punching bag at that point. They could feel Payton's desire to kill Lea. For Payton, the enemy wouldn't go down, unless it was put down for good. Even if things were going well, the seconds were feeling scared of Payton, except for Benen because Payton had been giving that air around her. She just wanted to go already and kill Lea for the simple reason that she was still standing. While the other second was frozen by fear, Benen started to work on Payton, trying to clean the blood off of her and help her recover from the damage. Up close, Payton could see that Payton wasn't looking at anything or anyone else, other than Lea herself, with the same murderous intent in her eyes.
"Are you that eager to end Specter? I don't like that idea in your head, I would prefer if you would knock her down, but this is the first time that someone has made you go this far. Not only that, this is the first time that you were this eager to kill someone. I don't know if the old Payton is in there anymore, but I hope that after the match, she will come back." Thought Benen, who started to concentrate on his job. He was hoping that, by the end of the match, both boxers came out instead of just one. After that, the time was spent with nothing but fixing and helping their boxers. Meanwhile, the air around the audience was heavy, so much that some are shivering, and some are having their heart beating like they were running a marathon. They all knew that the fourth round would decide who will be the victor, and who will be leaving the ring. The time had come because all seconds were ordered out of the ring.
"Don't give up, chica. Whatever you have in mind, I'll have complete faith in it." Said Alonso with a serious face, while giving Lea her mouthpiece. Lea seemed to have heard that part because she nodded her head. On the other corner, Payton was already up and ready to finish what she started. No words were needed for her, Benen hoped for the best and not a tragedy for Lea, even if she was the opponent. Not wanting to delay the match any longer, the referee stepped in the middle, and asked both boxers if they were ready. They say yes, and the referee started the fourth round at the ring of the bell.
Both boxers came out of their corners. Payton livelier than before, while Lea looked to be out of energy and wouldn't last even a minute in the round. The audience also noticed that Lea was already in her position to launch another Spear Strike. That made many believe that she had gone crazy because the last two times ended up in a counter. Payton easily noticed that, and somewhere in her mind, believed that it would be better that way. All Payton would have to do was to put all of her force behind the right hand in her next counter. Payton knew that it might not only end the match, but it might also end the rising boxer known as Specter. Lea didn't seem to think about the risk because she kept moving into get Payton into the range of the attack, and Payton was waiting for it. Payton already had the timing and speed, so she was more than ready to simply counter it. Many in the audience tried to warn Lea from using her only technique, but she didn't listen to them, she was determined to win. Of course, not for the tournament, but for Julie, Nick, Lucy, Jenny, everyone in the house, and everyone who supported her.
"It's not over, I won't fall, I won't lose! As long as I can lift a finger, as long as I can throw a punch, I'll keep fighting!" Thought Lea. She was ready, and the moment to put everything she had trained for was at hand. The Spear Strike was launched, and Payton was ready to counter the attack. Payton moved forward, and threw a right straight with all the force she could gather, while Lea was been launched straight into the punch. Everyone in the audience was expecting another trail of fresh blood and a tremendous sound throughout the entire arena, but there wasn't any of that. Everyone got the surprise of their lives, even Payton, when they discover that Lea had stopped her attack midway. Most of her tail was extended, but the rest was still in place.
Lea's friends were amazed because Lea managed to pull something that only tremendous hard work could achieve.
"Sheshe did it. She stopped the Spear Strike, and her tail is still in one piece." Said Salena with disbelief and amazement.
"I have no words for this miracle. This is the most unexpected thing for a counter-puncher." Said Alinda.
"Yes, the lass did something that is dangerous to do in the first place, but even if the move is a success, it doesn't mean that there's no price to pay." Said Hilda, who was amazed and worried for Lea. Hilda could just imagine how painful it was for the lower half of Lea's tail.
Payton had thrown tremendous amount of force in the right punch, and that was so unexpected, that Payton couldn't stop her right straight. Lea took the opportunity to throw the rest of her attack. Lea moved her head outside of Paytons right punch, while Lea threw the rest of her attack. Lea countered Payton, hitting her square in the face. Payton tried to take the punch because the Spear Strike wasn't completely thrown, but it was more than enough to cause tremendous damage. Enough damage to send Payton to the mat and the referee got between the boxers. It was obvious for everyone that it was a down, and the audience cheered for Lea. The referee sent Lea to a neutral corner and prepared to start his count on Payton, who started to bleed from her mouth and nose.
"123" Counted the referee, and there was no response from Payton, which made her corner enter in a panic.
"I wasn't expecting Specter to stop her attack, and countering a right from Payton. I thought the Spear was broken, but Specter was able to make it stronger." Thought Benen, who had to admit that the attack had evolved and became even more powerful.
"456" There was no response from Payton.
"So that's what you were planning, you used a technique that was sure to be countered, just to leave Payton in a sense of safety. Even when a spear is broken, you can fix it and even upgrade it." Thought Alonso. He was proud of Lea, but even with that, he was ready to throw the towel if necessary. Before the seventh count, Payton started to get up from the mat, still bleeding and suffering the effects of the attack. By the eight count, Payton was up and with a fighting pose. The referee looked at Payton, and could see that she was able to continue, but her eyes had become different. Besides the killing instinct, there was an instinct of survival, which made her more dangerous.
One minute into the fourth round and Lea seemed to be taking control of the match because of her new addition to the Spear Strike. The audience didn't know that Lea's tail was suffering tremendous pain. Lea didn't care how painful it was, she was going to win even if she lost her life. Payton attempted to dash forward, but the damage that she suffered had made her unsteady. Lea took the opportunity to prepare another Spear Strike. Lea started to slowly slide towards Payton, who took the slow approach as an opportunity to recover, just enough to move around. Lea managed to reach the correct distance for her attack, and without waiting for any signal, she launched it. Payton attempted to counter with a right again, but Lea stopped, and Payton knew that it would happen. Payton stopped her attack and moved towards Lea, attempting to attack with the same right punch. Once in range, Payton threw a right punch at Lea's face, but Lea ducked the punch. Lea attacked with a left hook to Payton's liver, which landed cleanly and it made Payton groan in pain. Then, Lea hit Payton with a left uppercut to her chin, making Payton back away and giving Lea enough space to throw the rest of her attack. Payton recovered and attempted to throw another counter with the left hand. Unfortunately for Payton, Lea had lowered her stance in time to dodge the counter, and hit Payton's body with a right punch. The attack made Payton bend forward, and Lea took the opportunity to follow with a left uppercut to Payton's chin. Lea continued with a right hook to Payton's head, followed by a left hook, and finishing with a right uppercut to Payton's chin. Payton made Lea's right uppercut into an exchange by throwing a left hook at Lea's head.
Payton's corner was in a panic, but started to feel some hope after watching Payton fighting back.
"After all of that damage, Payton is still fighting. I don't know if I should be amazed or scared of her abnormal will to fight. Is it a desire to kill or to survive? Whatever it is, I hope that Payton can pull through this." Thought Benen and hoped for Payton's safety. Meanwhile, Lea's corner was feeling confident that Lea could win the match, but they didn't know how much longer before Lea's tail decided to give up.
"You got to end this quickly, or the damage might be too much even for your trained body." Thought Alonso, who wanted Lea to come back so that they could let her rest.
Lea didn't stop and continued with her attack. Payton tried to counter, but realized that she had received too much damage to move quickly, and took a left hook to her head. Payton attacked with a 1-2 combo to Lea's face, but it didn't stop Lea, who threw a right hook at Payton's head. Lea started to get into a rhythm and continued with her combinations. Payton tried to counter, but found it impossible and got on the defensive, but the guard was broken. As a last resort, Payton tried to beat Lea by creating simultaneous exchanges. Lea threw a left uppercut to Payton's chin, and Payton attacked with a left hook, making an exchange. Then, Payton threw a right hook, but Lea also attacked with her own right hook, both hitting at the same time again. At that moment, the audience found out that Lea had started to take the upper hand. Lea didn't notice and didn't care, she was going to keep punching until either one of them was down. Payton tried to defend, but she was falling into a barrage of attacks. Unable to take anymore, Payton took a few more punches, and fell on her back. The referee got between the boxers and ordered Lea back to a neutral corner. Lea did as ordered, but not without feeling excruciating pain in her tail as she dragged it to the corner. There was no count that time, the referee simply started to inspect Payton, and found out that she was unconscious. The referee didn't needed to count, he simply declared the match over, and the bell ringed.
The audience cheered for Lea's victory, and Lea's previous opponents do the same.
"An improved Spear Strike, simply hard to read, hard to tell what's going to happen, is simply impossible to counter now. Whoever helped you with this must have been a genius." Thought Tania, who was left with no choice, but to applaud Lea for her hard earned victory.
"As expected from Specter, it was a marvelous performance. Such passion, such determination, this should be a piece of art on its own right. Keep going, Specter, you're simply a marvel to watch." Thought Karen as she applauded for Lea and wish her the best of luck for her career.
"Well then, this was something that you simply have to watch. I knew you could do it, Specter. I feel proud to know that the only person to have defeated me with a KO, was the champion of this tournament. Who knows, maybe a future champion of the world." After Luisa thought that, she started to leave the building because there was a little girl waiting for Luisa back home. Meanwhile, Lea's friends rejoiced for Lea's victory.
"She did it, she won the tournament! See, I told you she could do it!" Said Salena with more cheerfulness than usual.
"It feels like a miracle, but I just feel relieved that the match is over and Lea can get some medical help." Said Alinda, who was happy to know that Lea won, but Alinda was also worried for Lea's well-being.
"Good point, let's go to her, she might need help to get to the doctor." Said Hilda with a smile and they all start to head to the ring.
Back into the ring, Lea was simply standing on the neutral corner, and her seconds approached her.
"You did it, chica, you won the tournament." Said Alonso with a straight face, but he was overjoyed on the inside. Lea didn't respond quickly, which made Alonso worried. "Hey, can you hear me?"
"Huh? What?" Answered Lea in surprise.
"You won, are you okay?"
"I...I won?" Asked Lea in disbelief.
"Yeah, look over there." Alonso pointed at Payton, who was starting to get up.
"Then, that explains it." Said Lea as she looked at the mat.
"Explain what?"
"I was wonderingwhat all the noise was about. I thoughtthat Paytonwas going to get up. I was just getting readyto keep fighting." Lea was obviously exhausted.
"It's okay, chica, you won. Now, let's get you out of here, you need a doctor."
"Y-yeah." Answered Lea as she started to slide down and sat on the mat. Alonso could see that Lea was losing consciousness, and called for a stretcher. Before Lea lost consciousness for good, Lea had a last thought. "I did it. I really did it, just like I promised." Lea's friends reached the ring in time to see that Alonso was calling for a stretcher. They quickly slide into the ring, and towards Lea. Since Lea just lost consciousness, they believed that it was something serious, so Hilda and the rest decided to take Lea to the doctor. Hilda carried Lea on her back, while Salena and Alinda decided to carry Lea's tail. With everything set, they quickly leave the ring and headed to the doctor's office. Fortunately, a doctor was already in the room, and they quickly tell the doctor to check Lea. Once she was put on the bed, the doctor quickly started to check on Lea. Everyone in the room was nervous, hoping that Lea was simply tired. The doctor informed them that Lea didn't show signs of brain damage and must have fainted due to exhaustion, but the doctor found something big. Lea's tail was extremely injured, not to the point of ending her career, but she must take a rest to recover properly. Everyone left a sigh of relief, happy to know that Lea was coming out of the match in one piece and as a tournament champion.
"Phew, I'm glad that's all Lea needs." Said Salena, who started to calm down.
"Yeah, but I wonder how Payton is feeling. After all, that was a really dangerous match for the both of them." Said Alinda out of curiosity.
"Well, she looked alright to me." After Hilda said that, they received a visitor, which turned out to be Zora.
"I was hoping to get an interview from Lea, but I guess that it won't be possible." Said Zora, who smiled at the sight of Lea's friends in the room because it showed that they cared for Lea as a friend.
"Its always a pleasure to see you." Greeted Hilda with a gentleman's bow.
"Charming as always, huh?" Said Zora, trying to sound annoyed, but she kept a smile on her face.
"For you? Always." Answered Hilda with a wink, which brought a small giggle from Zora.
"Came to check on Lea?" Asked Salena. In Hilda's opinion, Salena ruined the moment.
"Yeah, is she alright?" Asked Zora with sincere concern.
"Yup, nothing that a good rest won't fix." Answered Salena with a smile.
"Glad to hear that. Well, I have to go, I got some other work to do. Good night, everyone." Said Zora as she started to leave, and everyone said their farewells, with Hilda adding a little flirt on it. Everyone wondered what happened between Zora and Hilda. Zora used to get easily annoyed by Hilda, but Zora seemed to have softened up to Hilda. At that moment, they were going to drop it and ask another time, since they were focused on Lea's well-being.
Since Lea was incapable to be present for the ceremony, there was a spot left empty, with a trophy and a document. The document stated that she was one of the best fighters in the whole tournament. Not only that, she was given a reward of $10,000 dollars. Lea's friends were thinking of going to celebrate her victory, but since Lea was injured, they decide to postpone it until she was better.
In another room, Payton was sitting on a bench and she didn't look like the insane, bloodthirsty boxer, but as the normal Payton. She had a small smile on her face, which was strange for a boxer that just lost a match, but there was a reason for it.
"So, you're going to retire?" Asked Benen with a straight face.
"Yeah. After I woke up, I quickly realized that I didn't feel the feeling anymore. I feelfree." Said Payton as she looked at her hands.
"Well, you started this to control it, but now that it's gone, there's no need for you to continue your career. Besides, you have a family, got to make up for some lost time, right?" Benen was actually glad that Payton decided to retire. After hearing that, Payton got up from the bench she was sitting on and extended her hand forward.
"Thank you, coach, for everything. I wish you good luck with your next boxer." Said Payton with the same smile.
"No need to thank me, and I wish you a good life." Responded Benen as he grabbed Payton's hand, and shook it. With that done, Payton grabbed her things and left the room, feeling like the start of a new life for her. While on her way, Payton thought of Lea.
"Thank you, Specter, and good luck." For some reason, Payton wasn't worried for Lea's safety. She had a feeling that Lea was going to be all right.

Chapter 21: A Moment Of Rest
Lea was enjoying a good rest, in a comfortable bed, and with no intention of getting up. Unfortunately, something was bothering her peaceful rest, and it was none other, than the sunlight on her face. It wasn't that she didn't enjoy some sunlight, but she wanted to keep sleeping. So, in an attempt to escape the annoying rays of the sun, Lea pulled the blankets all over her body, not wanting to let even a single ray of light to hit her.
"Good morning, Ms. Anderson." Greeted a female voice.
"Morning." Responded Lea with a sleepy voice. Then, Lea started to wake up and thought. "Wait a minute." Lea quickly sat up as fast as possible, and looked at the woman, who was moving some curtains.
"How are you today?" Asked a female human. She had dark brown skin, which made it easy to see that she was of African-American descent, dark hair, and light brown eyes.
"I-I'm good, but who are you?" Lea started to look around, and discovered that she wasn't in her apartment. "Where am I?"
"My name is Dr. O'Neil and you're in the hospital." Answered the doctor with a smile.
"Hospital?" Lea didn't remember going to the hospital and tried to remember anything before landing there. Then, she quickly remembered what happened. "Oh yeah, I had a tough fight last night, and I won." Lea started to feel joy, until the doctor said.
"Last night? Uh, whoa, it must have been quiet the match." The doctor started to feel a little awkward.
"Whatwhat is it?" Lea was starting to feel nervous.
"Wellthe thing isyou have been asleep for a whole week." The doctor's answer left Lea in shock.
"A whole week!" Yelled Lea, and the doctor quickly tried to calm Lea down.
"Please don't yell in the hospital, and don't worry, there's nothing wrong with you. You're actually pretty healthy, considering that you injured your tail."
"My tail?" Lea quickly threw the blanket away and took a look at her tail. A part of the lower half of her tail was bandaged, and Lea tried to move it, but Lea didn't feel anything. Then, when she tried to move it a little more, Lea felt some pain, but nothing that would make her scream.
"Please, don't push your tail too far. You barely saved your career, thanks to your tough muscles." Explained the doctor.
"I see. I'm glad for that, thank you, doctor." Said Lea as she gave the doctor a smile.
"You're quite welcome. Sleeping for a whole week helped your tail to recover at a faster rate." Said the doctor as she looked at a notepad that she was carrying. Lea felt relieved to hear that, but remembered something important.
"So, can I leave today? I actually have to go somewhere." Lea tried to get up from the bed.
"No need to rush it, I just need to sign some papers, and you're free to go."
"Oh, okay."
"I also need to make some phone calls." Informed the doctor as she started to leave the room.
"To who?" Lea didnt knew what a phone call had to do with her leaving. The doctor stopped and turned to look at Lea.
"I received a request to call your friends when you wake up, so they can pick you up."
"I see, okay, sorry for the trouble."
"Don't worry about it. I'll be right back." The doctor left to make the phone calls.
Lea was just resting and waiting to leave the hospital, until she heard a knock on her door. Lea looked towards the source of the sound, and found all of her friends on the door with a smile on their faces.
"Lea! You're awake!" Cheerfully yelled Salena, and a nurse nearby asked her to be quieter. While Salena apologize for her outburst, Salena and Hilda entered the room.
"It's quite a relief to see you up and about, Lea. We were worried that it was taking you long to wake up." Said Alinda, who was joyful to know that Lea was finally awake.
"You're quite the hardy lass. I knew that a good sleep would fix you up, but I wasn't expecting it to take this long." Said Hilda, who was a little surprised about it.
"Well, at least she's awake now, and that's all that matters." After Alinda said that, Salena entered the room.
"Yeah, now we can celebrate our victories." Said Salena as she lifted her fists in the air.
"Victories? Did you have a match after mine?" Asked Lea.
"Salena had a championship match last night, and actually won it." Informed Hilda with fake disbelief on her face.
"What do you mean by 'actually'? Of course I would win. I trained really hard for that match." Said Salena.
"Congratulations!" Lea congratulated with a smile, but then, she dropped her gaze to the ground. "Sorry I couldn't be there." Lea looked apologetic about it.
"Hey, don't worry about it, your victory gave me motivation, I think it helped me at some points in the match. Besides, you couldn't help it."
"Okay. So, how was it?"
"Oh, you know, fists flying and sweat, nothing out of the ordinary." Said Salena with a wave of her hand. Lea didn't notice it at first, but she could see some patches on Salena's face, indicating that it wasn't an easy victory.
"It must have been a great match."
"Yeah, but enough about me, we're here for you. Now, let's go." Salena started to leave the room.
"Salena, Lea can't leave without the doctor's permission." Said Alinda.
"Come on, she was only sleeping the whole time, and she's awake now. So, let's go." Salena was impatient to leave because she wanted to celebrate.
"Wait, you paid me a visit?" Asked Lea.
"Actually, all of them paid you a visit, every single day." Answered the doctor from the door.
"Hello, doctor, is our friend here ready to go?" Asked Hilda, who wanted to get Lea home and celebrate her return.
"Yup, and let me tell you, it was a pleasure to talk with her. She's friendlier than the harpy I'm working with." Said the doctor as she rolled her eyes at the mention of her other patient.
"That's one of her great points. Thank you for everything, doctor, and have a good day." Said Alinda.
"You're quite welcome, and I wish you all a great career." With all farewells done, Lea and her friends left the hospital, got on Hilda's car, and drove Lea back home.
While on the way, Lea started to ask her friends some questions.
"I was wondering, what happened to my prize money? I need to give it to someone before the end of the month."
"The coach has the check and just waiting for you to take it." Answered Hilda.
"Great, and I have a favor to ask."
"Allow me to guess, you want to go to Julie's house." Said Alinda.
"Please?" Asked Lea with a pleading look.
"Of course we'll take you there, once you get the check." Said Salena. With that said, they head straight to the gym. When they arrive, they saw that there were some members working out, and Lea immediately started looking for Alonso. Lea didn't have to look for long, because Alonso was already working with some of the members. Without wasting any more time, Lea headed straight towards Alonso, but slowly because she had an injured tail.
"Coach." Called Lea.
"The check is at your table." Said Alonso. He knew what Lea was going to ask for, so he just told her where the check was, and kept focused on working with some members.
"Uh, okay." With that said, Lea headed straight to her apartment, got inside, and slid towards her table. Just as the coach said, the check was right on the table and Lea wasted no time in grabbing it. After that, Lea's group left the gym and headed to a bank, where Lea opened a new bank account some time ago. Lea exchanged the check and withdraw $8,000 dollars. Then, she put it in an envelope, headed back to the car, and they drove towards Julie's house. It didn't take long to arrive and Lea asked a favor of them.
"I need you all to wait for me here." Asked Lea in a serious tone.
"Why?" Asked Salena.
"I just have to do this alone."
"Um, okay, I'm sure Julie is going to be delighted to see you." Said Alinda.
"Well, I'm not going in, to be specific."Said Lea.
"Why not? Just go in and give the money." Said Hilda.
"Looking like this? Besides, they might ask where I got the money." Said Lea.
"Just tell them that you got it from work."
"I don't think they would believe it, considering that I pay bills and food."
"Good point, you don't earn that much."
"Exactly, so I need to deliver this without been seen."
"I know, get someone else." Said Salena, who felt smart after saying that.
"Well, you guys could do it, but Julie knows all of you." After Lea said that, she saw Nick walking out of the building and heading to his car, and Lea tried to hide. Then, an idea popped into her head. "That's it! One of you could give it to Nick. He doesn't know any of you."
"I'll do it! I'll do it!" Cheerfully said Salena.
"Considering that you might reveal that it's from Lea by accident, I say that I'm the better option." Said Alinda with blunt honesty.
"I agree." Said Hilda.
"Sorry, Salena, maybe some other time." Said Lea, and Salena pouted.
"Fine." Said Salena and crossed her arms, but they knew that she would go back to her cheerful self in no time. With that settled, Lea gave the envelope to Alinda, and Lea's hoodie. Alinda got out of the car, and headed straight to Nick.
"Excuse me, good sir." Called Alinda once she reached Nick, and Nick turned around spooked.
"Whoa there, I didn't hear you coming." Said Nick, putting a hand to his chest.
"I apologize, but I was asked to deliver something to you." Informed Alinda and showed an envelope to Nick.
"What's in it?" Asked Nick suspiciously.
"There's a donation for the house inside the envelope, $18,000 dollars to be precise." After hearing that, Nick's eyes opened wide and he quickly grabbed the envelope. He opened it, pulled out the money, and started to count it all. Just as Alinda said, there was $18,000 dollars inside.
"Whoa, this is more than we needed to keep going, who sent this?" Asked Nick with a smile.
"I'm sorry, but I was asked not to reveal anything. Have a good day." Alinda turned around and started to leave.
"Wait, can you at least tell the person that we are very thankful for this?"
"Of course." Answered Alinda while sliding away. She reached the car and they drive off, leaving Nick with the money. Once they were far enough, Lea sat up.
"So, was it enough? Are they going to make it another year?" Asked Lea.
"Do not worry, Lea. Nick said that it was more than enough." Said Alinda with a smile. Lea let a sigh of relief.
"I'm glad, thanks for your help." Lea said it to everyone.
"No need to thank me." Responded Alinda with a small wave.
"Anytime, lass." Answered Hilda while driving.
"Always happy to help a friend. Now, let's celebrate!" Yelled Salena while raising her fists into the air.
"Lea needs her rest, perhaps another time." Said Alinda.
"Oh, then lets party at her place!" Salena's response made Alinda groan.
"You just won't let it drop, are you?"
"Nope."
"It's okay, I don't mind." Informed Lea.
"Great, then let's get you home." Said Hilda and drove them back to the gym, ready to celebrate a happy occasion.
After the mysterious Lamia left, Nick quickly got back into the house and headed straight to Julie's office. When Nick got inside, he found Julie already having some of her stuff in boxes.
"Hey, Julie, what are you doing?" Asked Nick, who was a little surprised to see that.
"Oh, well, you know, juststarting to pack. Since we have to get ready." Answered Julie while barely resisting from making her voice quake.
"Whoa, good thing I got here." That got Julie's full attention.
"Why's that?"
"Well, we just got a last minute donation of $18,000 dollars." Said Nick with a smile and showed the envelope. Those news left Julie surprised and Nick could see it in her face.
"Don't play with me, Nick, because it wouldn't be funny." Said Julie as she pointed a finger at Nick.
"Fortunately for you, I'm not. We just got enough to last another year." After hearing that, Julie simply walked to her chair, and dropped on it.
"God, you don't know how much weight was lifted from my shoulders." Julie said it while closing her eyes.
"I can imagine, but I recommend that you go to the bank and give the payment." Nick walked to the desk and put the envelope on it.
"Don't worry, I'll do it right now, I can't wait to see the face of that little prick when he sees the money." Responded Julie as she grabbed the envelope and headed out to her room.
"Well, good to see you up and about." Nick decided to take his leave. "Thank you for this second chance, whoever you are."
Julie arrived at the mentioned bank, dressed professionally for the occasion, even though she knew that she wouldn't be in there for long. She went inside, and headed straight to the person in charge of her debt. The man was a red goblin in a business suit, with combed blue hair, and red eyes. He was talking on the phone, but the moment he saw Julie take a seat, he ended the call and hanged up the phone. Then, he gave a friendly smile to Julie, but she knew that it was fake, and she gave a fake smile of her own.
"Welcome, it is unfortunate that we have to see each other at such a hard time for you. Have you come here to call bankrupt?" Said the goblin, who had the guts to ask that while keeping that smile on his face.
"Actually, I came here to make a payment." Answered Julie with a smile, which surprised the goblin.
"Um, yes, of course." Then, the goblin checked Julie's debt, which also had interests, and informed her about it.
"Now, you need to pay $16,748 dollars to keep the house for another year." After the goblin said that, Julie pulled out the envelope and gave it to the goblin.
"There you go." The goblin quickly opened the envelope and pulled out the money. Then, he counted it two times to be sure that he was counting right.
"Yes, it's right here. Thank you." Said the goblin, trying to put a smile, but Julie could tell that he didn't like that one bit. After paying, Julie was given a receipt and she left the bank. Julie was happy to know that she managed to keep the house for another year, and to wipe that smile away from the goblin.
"Today was a good day. We should celebrate the occasion, but maybe tomorrow. We can throw a small party, and I could invite Lea, I'm sure she would like to know that the house will keep going for another year." In that moment, Julie simply decided to take the day off because tomorrow, she was going to spend it partying.
The next day, Lea woke up from a good night rest, and did what she always did when she woke up. Lea got dressed, ate some breakfast, and she stayed in her apartment, since she was ordered to do so. Lea's tail felt better that day, barely feeling any pain in it, but would prefer not to push it. Since Lea felt better, she took the bandage off, and applied an ointment that she received from Alonso. The previous day, Lea celebrated with her friends for her recovery and her victory in the tournament. Even Alonso, Fergus, and Alfred joined the party, who were also celebrating Salena's success on winning the national championship. After the party, they helped clean the place up, and the apartment was looking as if the party never happened, which Lea was thankful for. While enjoying her day, Lea received a knock on the door, and she went to answer it. It turned out to be Alfred.
"Good morning, Lea. I hope I wasn't interrupting anything." Said Alfred.
"No no, don't worry. I was just watching the TV. How can I help you?" Asked Lea with a smile.
"You have a phone call from someone named Julie."
"Oh, I'll be right there." Before Lea started to descend the stairs, Alfred gave another message.
"Also, the coach said that you better get a cell phone, or a phone of your own."
"I will, I promise." Answered Lea as she continued her descent. Lea got into the office, and grabbed the phone. "Hello, Julie."
"Hey, Lea, how are you?" Asked Julie. Lea could hear that Julie was very happy.
"Good as always, and you sound very happy. What happened?" Asked Lea, even though she knew about it.
"You won't believe this, but we got a last minute donation for the house and we're going to have another year to go."
"That's great to hear! I'm sure everyone is glad for that."
"They are, and we decided to throw a small party here."
"That's nice."
"Yes it is. I was calling you to see if you would like to come."
"Yeah, I would."
"Great, I'll go and pick you up."
"Okay, see you later." After that, they both hanged up and Lea went to her apartment to put some clothes for the party. Lea already knew how long it would take Julie to arrive at the gym, so Lea waited in her apartment. When she saw how much time had passed, Lea went out of the gym, and just like she expected, Julie arrived.
"Come on, Lea. We're just waiting for you to start." Informed Julie with the bright smile that Lea was familiar with.
"Okay, let's go." Said Lea, and they go to Julie's house. They arrived at the usual time, got inside, and head straight to the backyard, where everyone was celebrating. Lea didn't even spend five minutes before Jenny ran straight towards Lea, jumped to her, and grabbed her in a hug.
"It's just like you promised." Whispered Jenny on Lea's ears, pulled back, and showed her bright smile.
"Well then, let's get this party started!" Yelled Julie and everyone joined her. From there, everyone simply ate as much as they wanted, drank what they wanted, which was soda, since they were celebrating with kids, and there was music. Everyone was having a good time, Nick eating as much as possible, Lucy was cooking food, but she would take a bite every once in a while. Some of the kids were playing, while others were enjoying some food. Jenny spent most of the time by staying close to Lea, just like Julie was doing. In that moment, all three of them were eating together, simply enjoying the time they spend together. Lea looked around, and it made her think.
"I just woke up from a death match that sent me to the hospital for a whole week. Normally, it would make people think that I should just quit, leave a sport that could get me killed, but when I look at this. If I can keep their smiles, it makes it all worth it." And so, Lea spent the day in the party, enjoying the company of Julie and friends. That day was going to be another good day.
It was a new day at the bank, but there was one goblin that wasn't enjoying it one bit. Not because he was working, but because he knew that he was going to be called any time soon. The boss was just back from his vacation, and sooner or later, he was going to discover that the house was still open, and was going to stay open for another year. The goblin's phone ringed, and he prayed that it wasn't who he thought it was, but when he answered the phone, his prays weren't answered. The voice at the other side of the phone didn't say much.
"Come to my office." Then, he hanged up, but it felt like a death sentence to the goblin. As ordered, the goblin went to the office of the boss, opened the door, and entered. Inside, the room was luxurious for an office, with furniture made of great quality. The only person in there was a massive ogre.
Ogres were believed to be monsters that ate human beings, and other times, babies. Of course, that was wrong. They simply killed bandits or slavers and used their bodies to scare people off. They were actually very normal people, as normal as they could be. They were as tall as 8 to 9 feet, sometimes of different colors, and with horns, but sometimes they would have one. They were enslaved for labor because of their massive sides. The ogres managed to avoid slavery by hiding in places that wasn't easy to reach. Mountains were a good example, and anywhere else that was impossible to climb. In modern times, they were normal citizens, who worked on many fields.
The ogre was quiet for a moment, which made the goblin extremely nervous, until the ogre spoke.
"Mr. Cooper, I have read a report, a very interesting report that says that we received a payment for Ms. Johnson's debt. Is that correct, or am I reading wrong?" Asked the ogre in a mysteriously even voice.
"N-No sir, the report is correct." Answered Cooper, who was close to sweating.
"And I would like to know how that is possible. As far as I have heard, you convinced their last opportunity from donating to the house." The ogre was using an even voice, but the goblin could feel the ogre's anger.
"I-I don't know how she got the money, she just came in with $18,000 dollars in cash. Someone must have given a donation at the last minute." That made the ogre think. Since there was no check, there was no way to know who send it, and that would mean that he would have to find out who it was.
"I see. That would be all, you're free to go." The goblin thanked the ogre and left. The ogre leaned on his massive chair and started to think about that development. "Coincidence or not, I will find out who gave the donation. I won't let anyone stop my plans from taking that house, demolish it, and build what should be there. With such a good spot, I could build a shopping mall, or another bank. There are many possibilities, but before I can do anything, I need that piece of rotten wood destroyed." Unfortunately, he would have to wait, and with the money that the owner of the house was paying, he could get someone to find out the last person to save them. Meanwhile, he will try to change the minds of anyone who thought that it would be a good idea to keep that place open. It wasn't that he was evil. It was just business for him.
