ROSES IN DECEMBER
A NOVEL BY KATIE GEORGE


Roses in December
Katie George
Published by Katie George at Smashwords
Copyright 2014 Katie George



THE PORTRAIT OF FRIENDSHIP SERIES
Book One: Roses in December 
Book Two comes out summer 2014!



To all of you. Thank you for believing in a dream.



Part I

Chapter One


I WISH MY life were like an 80s movie  sweet, to-the-point, and implicit. I would get the guy when I was sixteen, I would have great friends who supported me through trials and tribulations, and my parents would wake up and realize I wasnt my sister. 
I wouldnt mind my life being an 80s song, either. Theres no replacing the techno vibe of the 1980s. I was never a big rock fan, anyhow, and I had to support the decade in which I was born. Yeah, I grew up in the 90s, but I spent the 90s pretending I was in the 80s. 
Candice is curling her hair again! Ellie would complain, being six years my junior. While everyone else was into the grunge look, I spent my nights parading around my room in bright colors and dangly earrings. Little Ellie looked more decent than I ever did, and once I finally got the note that humanity was in 2003, the year I graduated, I changed my ways.
Being a loner isnt all that bad, but I will say I understand why no one liked me back in high school. I wasnt into makeup or clothes, unless it went against the rules of the era. I had friends, but I liked spending Friday nights curled in my blankets reading Dracula and Frankenstein. I hated cheesy romance novels in which the girl always got the guy until freshman year of college, when I realized that Candice Michelin never got the guy. 
It was pretty sad waking up one Sunday morning to discover that my fourteen-year-old sister was dating when I had never had a date in my life. At that point in my dismal relationship status, I began to look for a significant other. The fact was, though, that there were no good significant others at the University of Arizona who were a mixture of the Big 3: godly, handsome, and American. The other priorities on my relationship list were as follows: 

Relationship List

BIG 3 (kudos to Reesey)

Godly
Handsome
American

LESS IMPORTANT BUT STILL IMPORTANT (kudos to Stacey)

Drives a truck
Makes enough cash to fill multiple piggy banks
Good kisser
Wants kids
Honest, humble
Somewhat smart (cant be like Jerome Wilson)
Hot as h-e-double-hockey sticks
Can actually drive a car (cant be like Roger Nash)

The list went on and on thanks to my two best friends in college, Reesey Sanchez and Stacey Monroe. Stacey wrote her portion of the list after breaking up with Jerome Wilson, who couldnt compete with Rogers knowledge, but then Roger couldnt compete with Jeromes truck because he couldnt drive. I love my friends, but they can sometimes be a handful.
Anyhow, a few weeks after Reesey and Stacey dubbed this a new phase in my life, I ran into (literally ran into) Kurt Kapelmann, a handsome, German immigrant who immediately broke two of the Big 3s. 
It was a summer day when I was twenty, so this would be in 2005. I was jogging with my pet lab, Peppermint, who was a baby at the time. We were working out together (because Peppermint was a plump pooch) at a secluded park on the outskirts of the city. The park had a central, manmade lake that overlooked some of the desert seclusion famous to Arizona. 
Peppermint wasnt a good runner back in those days. She constantly barked at bees and trees, and I would trip over her leash, probably not because of her, but because of my awkwardness, but that doesnt matter. She would either run with so much vigor that I couldnt keep up, or run without any energy so to make me fall over her golden body. 
It was that day that Peppermint stopped in the middle of a trail that weaved into some brush and found her soul-mate, a darker-hued lab named Rico. At the fast rate we were going, I was proud of my puppy for staying at a jog for more than five minutes, but she spotted Rico, and halted, causing me to trip over her.
It was luck that day. Any given hour, I would have skinned my knee because of Peppermint. But Ricos owner, a tall, blond German boy named Kurt Kapelmann, dropped his phone and caught me before I embarrassed myself for the record books.
Are you okay? he squealed, his cheeks turning a rosy pink as he watched me huff. That couldve been a messy fall. His accent was beautiful, and though I had German ancestry, I had never heard a true-blooded German speak such perfect English.
I couldnt say anything. My eyes were locked on his pure blue eyes, the color of the sky. He was draped over my body, which was inches to the woody trail, mind you, and I didnt say a word. Instead, I held him and flavored his eyes. It was my piece of glorious blue heaven, until Peppermints slobber dripped onto my leg. Finally, he smiled, and lifted me back to a standing position. You okay? he repeated, his broad shoulders relaxing.
Oh, fine? Yeah, yeah, I countered, trying to regain my balance. I looked down at Peppermint, ready to scold her, but she was looking into the eyes of Rico the same way I looked into Kurts.
Kurt smiled again, leaving me feeling what most high-schoolers like my younger sister experienced for years. You sure youre okay?
I was enamored by his care for my wellbeing, and I batted my eyelashes like Stacey had taught me to do in the presence of a handsome being. However, Kurt told me years later that I looked like a complete idiot trying to bat my eyelashes, and I never forgave Stacey for it. But Kurt never stopped smiling, and I left that trail after exchanging phone numbers with a man who would stay with me for years.
After our first meeting on the trail, I expected Kurt to call in the next few days. He didnt, and Reesey, the fiery Mexican goddess she is, ranted in fluent Spanish how much she was ready to have her brothers  Armando, Julio, and Rufus  find him and give him a lesson on the properness of American romance behavior. I dont know how they do it over there, but in America, we have decency, Reesey proclaimed.
You do remember youre from Mexico, right, Reese? I laughed, trying to ignore the tears in my eye sockets, but Reesey ignored me as she continued her spiel in her native tongue.
Three weeks later, after I had gotten over the fact that Kurt thought I was an imbecile or an alien, I ran into him at the grocery store outside of the campus. He waved and hurried to me, not mentioning that he hadnt called or anything in particular. He hugged me and asked if I would come to a German dinner that night with his parents. 
Though Stace and Reese were upset I accepted, I happily obliged and spent the night learning basic German from his sister Kara who was sullenly missing her homeland. After that night at his household, and acceptance from his parents, Hans and Kirsten, for me to marry into the Kapelmann family, I officially began dating Kurt.
By the time I graduated with honors in creative writing, I was happily in love and engaged to my significant other, whom I readily agreed to spend the rest of my life with. Kurt promised me he was Protestant, but as time passed, I saw his darker side.
Kurt, a few years older than me, became a successful lawyer who made plenty of money. While the rest of us graduates struggled for a bimonthly paycheck, Kurt bought an expensive Camaro three months into his job. His parents didnt particularly like this splurge, but were proud of their son. Kara and I had grown closer, and she didnt like the Camaro as she told me, In Germany, we were poor. And now he comes to Arizona to buy a nice car when our relatives are hungry at home!
When I was twenty-five and there still wasnt a wedding ring on my finger, I went to Kurt. We were in love, I told him, and I wanted to marry him soon. We had been engaged for two years, and time was ticking. Kurt angrily dismissed me and told me he wasnt ready. I need more time to focus on my career, Candice.
I spent the summer with him in Germany, falling in love with his extended family, experiencing a different culture, and growing in my relationship with God at the local parish. I wasnt Catholic, but they didnt mind, and I enjoyed the summer. I returned to Arizona, wrote my first novel, and self-published it, but it went nowhere. I continued writing in my spare time, and planned the wedding when I wasnt working at the newspaper or pursuing my masters degree.
It was in December of 2010 when I experienced Kurts new-found Americanization to be harmful. He was drunk, and made sexual attempts to me. I refused, repeatedly asking him where my wedding ring was. He angrily laughed at me, hurting my feelings to a deepening level, and after he pinned me to a wall, I kicked his crotch and left bawling. I cried to my mother, who flew into town and consoled me.
She, along with my partners-in-crime, told me to end my relationship with Kurt. I was too dependent on him, they said, and I had never experienced another mans love. My mother told me that I was a gift, and I needed to be cherished. No man is allowed to treat you that way, Candice. People dont change, was Staceys firm advice. So I returned the engagement ring to his parents. I didnt tell them about his angry bout with me, because I loved them and I loved Kurt.
Kurt came to me as his normal self, begging me to marry him, promising me the best from him and for our marriage. He apologized, but I told him I needed time. He left me as a gentleman would, and kissed my forehead. Two years later, I ran into him again and we went on a coffee-shop date. We had grown up, and he was no longer a young big-shot. He was very successful, and had purchased a big house nearby.
Listen, Candice, he whispered as he reached for my hand. I cant live without you. Would you like to try this again? he asked, motioning to us, but I couldnt say yes.
Though he was very handsome and humble, and all the things on the unimportant list, there was something missing. I couldnt be with him anymore. I kissed him good-bye that day and left, heading back to my apartment in Oro Valley.
Twenty-nine now, Im still alone. I wasted close to a decade of my life with that boy, but somehow found my own inner-peace. Peppermint, my loyal ally, and I spend Saturday nights camped in my bed with popcorn and a good TV-romance that leaves us in tears. Sunday nights are reserved for time with my best pals, and Monday-Friday I am all about work with the newspaper. On those days, I eat Mexican with my coworkers, and enthrall myself in classic literature.
My second book was rejected by nine publishing houses. I had Stacey edit for me, as she is an editor for one of the best publishing companies in town, but they didnt accept it. The book isnt what editors classify as modern, and though I would rather write a decent, wholesome book, I cant help but feel like a failure. My friends try to convince me that famous authors books were rejected many times before being accepted, but I dont know about mine. Im not exactly a prolific writer. Im an Arizona native who is pushing thirty and single, and I write romance? Fifteen years ago I would have slapped the person who handed me a Jane Austen classic.
I tell you this because Im writing all of my life experiences down after it occurs. Basically, this could be a diary, but Im Candice Michelin, and diaries seem for teen girls. Hey, classify it what you want. Technically, this is very much a diary. Since my second book doesnt convey my exact feelings about the writing world, Im going to tell you my story. Im still the fifteen-year-old girl who was lonely and wished her life was like an 80s movie. The only thing different is that I spend my nights crying with a Labrador by my side.


Chapter Two


I GREW UP in Nashville, Tennessee. I was born in Ohio, but my family moved to Nashville, partly because of my dads job transfer and partly because my parents couldnt stand the family drama in Columbus. So, my beloved parents whove been in wedded bliss for thirty-five years took their baby girl and hurried to the green hills of Tennessee. Ellie was born four years later, and grew up a Southern belle.
While I am the opposite of anything girly, Elizabeth Grace Michelin is the definition of beautiful. She is 57, slender, with blonder hair than mine. She wore frilly dresses and bows when she was young before transferring to the makeup world. She was popular in high school, was class president, and went to Vanderbilt on a full-scholarship. Ellie charmed people, and still does. She had a steady boyfriend in high school, and then a steady boyfriend in college before announcing to my mother three days ago that she is engaged to a man named Liam Desrosiers, who also attended Vandy and lived in Nashville as a business associate for his dads company.
I was standing in my kitchen, singing 70s songs with Peppermint howling at the moon as the phone rang. I answered quickly, shouting, Reesey, I was about to turn the TV on. I know, dont judge my lateness. My popcorn hasnt popped yet, Reese.
Honey, doled my moms Southern twang, even if she is an Ohio-native, its your mother.
I blushed pink. Luckily I hadnt elaborated on what Reesey was making me watch that night on LMN. Hi, Mom, I thought you were Reese
Yes, dear, my mother said, listen to me, Candice. We have some very special news. I am with your sister and her fianc.
I was licking the ice cream bucket as I agreed in the phone. Oh, yes, I whispered as Peppermint sidled my leg. Pep, hang on, girl. I handed her the remainder of the mint chocolate chip canister. She deserved some ice cream once in a while. She was still upset with me about her broken relationship with Rico, though they hadnt seen each other in a good year. 
Candice, did you not hear me?
Oh yes, I heard you. Peppermint, cut it out! I was about to slap her belly, but she gave me those precious, wide, watery brown eyes
My mother sighed into the phone. Candice, darling, I said Im with your sister and her fianc.
I rolled my eyes. I heard you, Mother. Was my mom getting dementia at fifty-nine?
I heard Ellies bubbling voice soon after. Candi, did you hear Momma?
I cringed at the mention of Momma. Yes, I said again. I heard Mom, trust me.
Im engaged! Ellie shrieked enthusiastically.
I dropped my ice cream spoon and Peppermint licked it dry. I couldnt believe what Ellie was saying. Engaged?
Yes, Candi! Im engaged! I wish you were here. Look at this ring, Momma!
I heard Mother say, Its impressive, baby girl. More impressive than Candices was.
My mouth dropped open. I wanted to hang up, but something kept me on that phone. Ellie?
Ellie didnt hear my mumble. Liams here, and hes so ecstatic to meet you! When can you come to Nashville? Listen, Candi, I wanted to tell you as soon as he popped the question, but I have to go now, she emitted a giggle at this, but Ill call tomorrow. Okay, bye, Candice. Love you. She hung up, and I was left standing with Peppermint licking my foot and the images of my twenty-year-old self upset at the thought of my younger sister dating before I did.
If I had said yes to Kurt those months ago, I would be the one celebrating. But as I stuffed my face with turkey slices and wailed to Sinatra the rest of the night, I knew I made the right decision by not re-dating Kurt. 
The next day, while I was typing away at my computer at work like a robot, my phone rang, revealing the Devils Went Down to Georgia ringtone for my mom. I answered as I continued to type. Hi, Mom. I mentally prepared myself for engagement talk, but it didnt come.
Honey, Candice, I have news.
Yeah? I chugged coffee down, waiting for details.
Your father and I are taking a trip, Mother said, her voice satiny over the phone. I could see her sitting on the sofa with one of the cats, probably Clipper, talking on the phone without a hair out of place. 
Yeah?
Dont be snippy with me, young lady, Mom said, but it wasnt motherly like usual. Yes, I may have been almost in my 30s, but my mom wasnt afraid to point out my harsh tone of voice. Instead, she continued. Your father surprised me with plane tickets to Italy. He has been planning a winter escapade to Europe for years now, and he finally decided to take the plunge. Sweetheart, the tickets are for a month.
And? I said, chomping on a bagel beside the coffee. Man, I have a sweet tooth.
Your sister needs help with her wedding plans, Candice! Mom sounded exasperated. And I told your father to cancel the airfare, but you know your father
In fact, I heard Dad yell over the phone, Oh, Jean, you are such a cat!
And he wont cancel the airfare, Mother said. Your sister is getting married in one month and a week. December 21st. I cant be with her on this trip through her life, Mother cried. Yes, she was crying into the phone. So, you have to be with her.
Excuse me? I choked on my bagel, and one of my coworkers, Peter, stopped to help give me the Heimlich as Mother blabbed. His green eyes widened as he aided me.
Why, Candice, if I must be in Italy, Im leaving it up to you to assist Elizabeth! You can take the time off, right? You never take time off for work. Im sure your boss wouldnt mind, either.
As the bagel came out of my throat and I thanked Peter, I managed to cough, I cant take a month off from work! Let alone a week.
Candice, Im leaving your sisters happiness to you, Mom pleaded. She needs you, and
Mom, Im a working gal
Its not like youd be in Nashville, Candice.
What? Where would I be?
At the Desrosiers Estate in North Carolina. The wedding will be there, and the Desrosiers family is being kind enough to let you stay there for the month. Youd be there from December 1st up to New Years. Im sure youd have a few weeks off for Christmas anyway
I wanted to protest, but I didnt. Mom, I finally gathered the gumption to say, I cant. I can be off for a few days for her wedding, but Im not taking the month off. Have fun in Italy.
As I hung up the phone, I heard Mother scowl, That girl is so selfish! No wonder she is lonely!
Peter distracted me for a few minutes. You okay? he asked with concern.
Fine, thanks.
I can see it in your eyes, Candice. Lets go get some Mexican.
I stood up, my leg brushing against his. I nervously giggled and grabbed my purse. Ill buy.
Someones forgotten all about chivalry.
Can girls not show chivalry?
He smiled and tugged on his tie. Not around me. He ended up paying for our meal.
After returning from a nice lunch, I frowned the rest of the day until Ellie called me after work.
Candi?
I bounced my head against the steering wheel as Nirvana blared through the stereo. I hated rock, but I wanted to seem moody to my sister. Hi, Elle.
You talked to Mom, I see?
Yes, this wouldnt end well, either. Look, little sis, Im not taking a month off from work to walk around a mall with you to pick out a wedding dress. You can do that with your friends
Ellies sad voice shook me to the bone. Candi, its something you do with your mom and your sister. Mom wont be there, and if you wont, Ill be all alone. Cmon, dont be a sourpuss. You have plenty of vacation days. And dont pretend you dont, Candice. Youve been employee of the month for, like, two years. 
Dont start the waterworks on me, Elle, I whined, turning the radio volume down. Listen, Elle, Ill promise you that I can come for the week before your wedding
I could hear Ellies sniffling. How can I possibly persuade you, Candice? Please
I didnt want to be an awful sister. I almost told her I would do it, but the Wicked Witch I was, I turned the radio to AM and hammered static into the phone. Uh oh, bad connection, Ellie! Ill have to call you later!
Candice! she shouted over the phone, but as I hung up, I pulled nervously on my golden ponytail. I definitely would get a lump of coal for that nasty trick.
I hurried home, made spaghetti, and crooned to Paula Abdul with Peppermint beside me. I promise you, I had no idea why the landlord still allowed my pampered pooch to reside with me. Other residents must have wondered whom I brought home every night.
After cleaning up from dinner, I went into the TV room and settled down to watch a Rosemary Clooney classic. The phone rang from the kitchen, and I hurried to it. I answered on the first ring, wondering whom it could be, half-expecting it to be my sister or mom, but a foreign voice chirped, Miss Candice Michelin?
Yeah? Whos asking? I sounded like such a slob, but I had been tearing up from the Rosemary Clooney movie.
The voice sighed into the phone, sounding very formal and beautiful. I couldnt place the accent, but the feminine pitch, reminding me of vanilla candles, cleared her throat. This is Adle Desrosiers, Liams mother.
Liam who? I asked, wiping the tears on my jacket. 
Dear, are you crying? Adle asked with care. 
Her happy voice made me cry even more. Itsjust the movie Ive been watching, I cried, sounding like a lunatic. Wait, Liams mother? As in my future brother-in-laws mother? I immediately stood straight as a rail, hitting my head against an open cabinet, yelping in pain. Oh, oh!
Candice, are you okay? 
I wanted to cry again, but I bit my lip. Yes, Im sorry, Mrs. Desrosiers. I was watching an old movie with Peppermint
Peppermint?
Oh, shes my golden lab. II should stop talking. Im sorry for interrupting you, Mrs. Desrosiers, I said glumly. She probably thought I was a freak. Yeah, on second thought, I am a freak.
Adle swallowed and said, Dear, you must come to North Carolina.
So this is why you called? I asked, feeling faint. II cant, Mrs. Desrosiers.
Adle made a funny noise in her throat, and snapped, Dear, what excuse do you have? Ellie talks about you for ages and ages, about how you mope about at your apartment, singing love songs with yourcreature called Peppermint.
Whoa, I said, taken aback. Peppermint isnt just a creature. I covered my mouth, realizing I was speaking to Mrs. Desrosiers like she was a regular lady. Adle would probably condemn Ellies marriage because of me. Peppermint is a highly-respected Labrador. As in puppy.
Adle ignored my comment. Your sister needs you here. It isnt fair that Liams siblings are spending the month here at the Estate while you sing 80s love songs and do nothing.
Excuse me? I gasped. 
Adle continued like she had said nothing offensive. You are coming to North Carolina tomorrow. Ive already arranged the flight, and you are to bring your finest clothing, dear. This isnt just another zero-lot-line.
My eyes bulged out of my head. What was this womans problem? I appreciate your kindness, I coldly responded, but Im working on my graduate thesis and I cant take any days off of work if Im to come to the actual wedding What did it hurt to tell a white lie? My graduate thesis wasnt due until April
Candice, sweetheart, if my son, who is a surgeon, can take off a month to be with his brother for this wedding, so can you.
I regurgitated saliva as I slurred curses in my mind. Luckily, I was silent in real life as Peppermint howled at Bing Crosby on television. Finally, my voice squeaked, Adle, I appreciate your thoughtfulness, but I cant
I already called your boss, Candice, Adle urged matter-of-factly. Mr. Dempsey has said it is perfectly okay that you take the month off. He called you a perfect worker and said you deserved the vacation. Hes still paying you as if you are working.
Howd you do that? What kind of strings did you pull? I insulted. And why do you care so much that I have to come?
Unlike your priorities, Ellies happiness means the world to me. She is like my daughter, and your mother is like a sister to me. I know you havent returned to Nashville in years, but Im not asking you to. Im asking you to come to our Estate in North Carolina. Now, I arranged for a taxi to pick you up in the morning, nine oclock sharp. Your itinerary is on your doorstep now, and we will see you tomorrow evening for a family dinner.
I was speechless. What was this?
And dont forget what I said, Candice. Bring only your nicest clothing. Au revoir, she said, blowing a kiss through the phone before hanging up.
A Frenchwoman was convincing me to give up a month of work to go to North Carolina? I didnt move for a good five minutes. Time seemed to stand still until I picked up the receiver and made a quick chat to my sister.
Ellie?
Oh, Candice! Youre coming to town! Im so happy! Liams surprised you are coming, and he cant wait to meet you, Ellie shouted into the phone. You probably should get to sleep. See you tomorrow evening!
Before I could say anything, she hung up. 
I went to my front door, and opened, just like Adle promised, to find a box on the threshold. The apartment hall was empty, and I wondered whom the fancy lady paid to bring this box to me.
I cut the tape with scissors and opened the box. Inside was a beautiful gold dress and a notebook filled with pages of extravagant, expensive font. It held my airplane ticket, a FedEx receipt and ticket for Peppermints own flight to Asheville, and the actual itinerary.

Be downstairs for Rudy, your taxi service, at nine oclock precisely.
Rudy will drop you off at the airport at ten oclock. 
Your departure is at 11:30.
You will land in Dallas at 12:30 Central Time.
Leave Dallas at 1:00 sharply.
Arrive at Asheville around 4:00 Eastern Time.
You will look for a driver named Stan. He is of tall build, bald head, a former CIA agent. He will drive you to us.
Arrive at the Estate by 6:00.

What if I didnt agree to go? What if I skipped the flight? I did deserve a vacation, and it would be good to spend a month in a different place. I could go to Bora Bora with my life savings, hike Andean mountains with a handsome man named Fabio, and settle for a night under the stars. 
I called my best friends on a three-way call for their advice. After I told them, Reesey was the first to pipe, You have to go! Vas! Vas! Vas!
Stacey disagreed, her firm personality shining through. You have no idea what will happen. You should stay here. Youll miss three girls nights!
She can miss the girls nights, Stace, Reesey interjected. You have to go, Candice. Well miss you, but youll call every night. Get some sleep, Can.
I hung up with them, and laid the gold dress on the kitchen table. I saw a note pinned to the breast of the dress. It read, FOR YOU, X, ADLE. I rolled my eyes. I could tell Adle and I didnt mix well, but I still put the gold dress in my suitcase. 
I didnt go to sleep until midnight. I spent three hours packing, and an hour on the phone with FedEx for Peppermints own flight to Asheville. I would pick up my pet before seeing Stan. I sensed Adles nicety by allowing Peppermints transportation, but it made no sense. Why would she want my crazy puppy running around her mansion? Whatever, I decided.
I spent two hours tossing and turning in bed. I couldnt believe what I was about to do. 


Chapter Three


I WOKE UP the next morning to drag my suitcases down the stairs with a half-asleep Peppermint growling at a nearby cat in Mr. Dennums apartment. Cmon, Pep! I called as we finally made it to the flight of stairs. 
We made it to Rudys limousine, not taxi mind you, at 8:55. There, Adle, I could be on time! I quickly threw Peppermint into her portable puppy kennel as she barked at me, reminding me she was a fragile girl. Yeah, right!
Rudy? I asked as the burly man took my belongings and placed them gently into the seat beside me.
He shook my hand, almost breaking off my arm with his strength. Nice to meet you, maam. Were earlier that I anticipated.
Oh, yeah? What did you anticipate? I felt my cheeks flushing crimson. Man, for whatever reason, those few days leading up to my point now in this story, I was a cranky hag!
Rudy placed the kennel with Peppermint locked inside beside my seat. Well, usually pretty gals like you dont come five minutes early. Its more around the spectrum of 25 minutes late.
Whoa, I didnt like his flattery. In an 80s movie, possibly, I would kick him in the shin. Instead, I nodded and did the sign of the cross behind his back. Reesey, the Catholic, would be proud, while Stacey would probably slap me. I cant help being the Protestant in the trio of American friendship.
He shut the door behind me as I gabbed to Peppermint. If we end up stranded in the desert, Im sacrificing you first!
Peppermint wagged her tail, ignoring my antics. She gave me her big, watery eyed-look. She wanted to get this show on the road.
As I fended off Rudys awkward pick-up lines on the way to the airport, I was pleased to see my dads ringtone, ESPN football theme of course, buzz my ears. Dad! I squealed. Its so good to hear your voice!
Dad, no doubt, rolled his eyes. Are you on your way to the airport, Candle?
Candle was his nickname for me. I do love candles, oh yes, indeed. Yeah, right now in fact. How far away are we, Rudy?
Ten minutes tops, Miss Michelin.
Really close, Dad. You guys on your way off to the socialists yet?
Candice! my dad shrieked. Italys a republic now. You cant make judgments like that.
Like you arent thinking it? 
Dad laughed. All right, maybe a little. Anyhow, how are you, Candle? I didnt think youd actually end up going to North Carolina for the month, but you dont know how much it means to your sister, and to your mom, too.
I know, I know. The only way I agreed to go was because Adle Desrosiers bought Peppermint a one-way ticket on a FedEx plane to Asheville. Peppermintll be there before me.
Well, were in Atlanta right now, and our flight is about to take off in a few minutes. Well email you once we get to Spain. Barcelona, I think, and then off to Venice.
Take pictures for me, Dad. Tell Mom I love her and she owes me that diamond bracelet for Christmas.
Dad chuckled. Like you would want a diamond bracelet? All right, honey. Be safe. My dad, ever the gentleman, hung up. Joseph Michelin is probably the sweetest man on the earth.
After hanging up with Dad, I texted Ellie, telling her I was almost to the airport. A few minutes later, Rudy pulled up to the entrance and parked the limo. He handed me a brochure on things to do in Asheville. My moms from there, he said shyly.
Oh, thanks. I grabbed my suitcase and Peppermints kennel. I waved good-bye to Rudy and headed into the airport, where I hurried to the FedEx check-in desk. Rudy had dropped me at the right place. 
After a few minutes, I tearfully said good-bye to Peppermint. If my plane crashes, you can have the TV at home. And if your plane crashes, Ill work on a memorial in your memory.
Peppermint rolled her eyes. The check-in lady took her away, and I felt like I was sending a kid off to college. Wow, Candice. Impressive.
I checked my watch and saw that it was only 10:30. An hour before the flight. I made it through security without any problems and headed to the correct terminal a few minutes later. I spent the next half-hour buying goodies at one of the newsstands. I purchased a crossword book; a celebrity magazine; Skittles; Gods gift from above, Diet Coke; and a Tucson keychain to give to Ellie.
After loading the airplane, I was lucky to sit beside a teenage girl who spent the flight listening to music antisocially. I was left to my thoughts. The airplane captain said a few things about the weather in Dallas, the flight attendants did whatever the demonstrations they did, and we took off.
The plane glided above the clouds, and I thought about things. Mostly, I thought about Kurt. He was the only guy Id ever been in love with. I wondered what he was doing, and I wondered about Rico, which led my thoughts to my beloved Peppermint, who was flying, too. My poor baby girl. A few thoughts later, I pondered the meaning of life until I was distracted by the cirrus clouds. How beautiful, and how amazing, nature could be.
We landed in Dallas, an extraordinary city. The weather was gorgeous, though I wouldnt go out in it today. I would be stuck in the terminal, but not for long. While I waited, I called Reesey. Im in Dallas, I reported.
Reesey was busy at work, but we girls forget work in the time of sister bonding. Any hunky cowboys for a Mexican goddess?
Oh, Reesey, I chuckled. I scanned the terminal for her, gasping when I saw a large cowboy with the hat and boots and everything. There! There! 
People looked at me like I was an idiot, and I giggled into the phone. Oh, I can feel the tension there, Reesey giggled. Anyway, if you find a guy who has the Big 3s, either snag him or give him my number. I gotta go, Can, but call me later. Bye, bye.
I hung up with Reesey as the flight headed for Asheville began loading. I gave the attendant my ticket, scurried onto the plane, and found my seat. It was first-class. I freaked out, partially because I hadnt examined my ticket, and because I knew this was Adles work. I wanted to return the ticket, but it wasnt purchased by me personally, so I sat down in the first-class seat. Way to be pampered, yeah?
The seat relaxed the muscles in my back, and I shifted my long legs to look onto the tarmac, where another airplane was taking off. Airplanes always fascinated me, and I watched them until something caught my eye.
Most people had boarded already, but as my eyes glanced over to the entryway of the plane, my breath stopped. It wasnt one of those things that I would call normal. No, I have seen handsome men before whom I smiled and winked at. But none, not even Kurt, had caused me to flee into this kind of panic mode. I couldnt find proper air when I saw him. My heartbeat increased double the speed of its normalcy, and I started fanning myself with the pamphlet on Asheville Rudy had given me. I needed air. Now.
He was in a hurry, but that didnt stop his kindness. Tall, around six-two, he towered over stray passengers in front of him. He was wearing a nice, short-sleeved shirt and tailored pants. His shoes were expensive, and his bag was from an Italian designer Id never heard of or cared to pronounce. His hair was short and dark brown, the color of my favorite bar of chocolate imported from Colombia. Weird comparison, I know. But his beautiful, rich hair was offset by those one-of-a-kind eyes. For some reason, his eyes reminded me of blue, intricate diamonds. They sparkled with humility. He was muscular, but not so muscular that he looked like some kind of alien superhero. He was definitely one of the most handsome men Id ever seen in my life, but there was something about him that I hadnt seen before.
He didnt see me. I cowered in my seat, and he passed by. He went into second-class, and I sighed. I was sullen, partly because I wanted him to notice me, and partly because I was so alone! As the minutes passed by, and the cabin doors closed, no one sat beside me.
Our flight is fully loaded to capacity. 
Well, I was the odd sheep out. I pulled out the crossword and began working on it when I heard an attendant yell for a passenger. I couldnt hear her voice clearly because she was from another country, but as I plugged my earphones in, I was stunned when I looked up to see those diamond eyes staring into mine.
I almost screamed, but something told me to keep calm. The flight attendant ogled Mr. Diamond Boy behind her as he smiled and sat beside me. I pulled out my earphones as I heard his deep voice say, Thank you.
We are sorry about that mess-up, sir, she whispered with a wink as she bustled away.
I had my feet up under my butt, my hair was in a messy ponytail, and my usual contacts were in my backpack. Instead, my glasses were perched on my nose. I was wearing a sweatshirt and jeans with ugly tennis shoes. I hadnt expected to sit next to an alpha male, and I realized my mouth was still open. I closed my jaw and turned away, biting on the inside of my cheek. I wanted to hide, but he tapped my shoulder.
I looked back to see his diamond-blue eyes again. You dropped this, he said, handing me the Asheville pamphlet Rudy had given me. He looked at it quickly before adding, And theres a phone number on it.
I took the pamphlet from his strong hands. Thanks, I mumbled, examining the scrawl on the note. Sure enough, in a messy scrawl, Rudy had left his number and name. Rudy DiMento. 
The man with the diamond eyes pulled out his own headphones and flashed me an award-winning smile. I couldnt tell if he was mimicking my own headphones or if he was smiling to smile, so I turned my back and blared Nirvana again. I guess you could say I never really developed feminine rock listening until anger got the best of me.
We continued things like this for ten minutes. He smiled with his eyes closed, but when I licked my lips as I glanced at him a few times, one of his blue eyes was wide open. His arms were crossed and his long legs spanned into the aisle. He was so handsome that I couldnt concentrate.
Finally, he pointed to the crossword and dictated, Crosby.
What? I asked, my voice raspy like sandpaper.
Stars opposite of Rosemary Clooney in a Christmas classic? Bing Crosby, he repeated. 
Oh, yeah, I finally mumbled, writing CROSBY on one of the blocks. Thanks, I added, but he was already listening to music. 
I wanted to kick him for mocking me, but I realized he wasnt mocking me. His face was peaceful with his eyes closed, and I shook my head. After an hour of silence, I whipped out my headphones and began reading one of Staceys edited manuscripts. I always received top-notch stories she edited from indie authors. This writers name was Charles Huxley, and his story was full of bright visual aids. I almost forgot about Diamond Boy beside me before I realized he was reading it with me.
I shut the book and looked at him. Um?
He chuckled. You know, Ive been reading it with you for a good ten minutes, and you never blinked once.
Why are you sitting beside me? I asked. I saw you go into second-class. Why did you move up here? I would do better without you hassling me every five seconds.
Wow, he laughed. I apologize for hassling you. Im here because they gave me the wrong ticket. Im supposed to be in your seat actually, but there was some confusion.
I gulped. 
And I still dont understand how Im hassling you.
This, precisely this, I exclaimed. You wont stop talking to me.
Ive barely said thirty words to you, he smiled. 
Thats seven in one sentence, kid. Youve said a lot more than thirty words. Now, please go back to listening to Elton John or whatever.
He doubled over in hysterics now. And you said twenty-five in three sentences. And Elton John? You think Im into Elton John?
I rolled my eyes. I wouldnt be surprised.
His dark hair revealed auburn highlights as the sun began to set in the clouds. No, actually I was listening to Nirvana.
My mouth dropped open, and I angrily shut the blinds closed to the window. You know, if you were one bit kind, I
I take it you dont like Nirvana?
I was listening to it, too. 90s kid, obviously, I replied, licking my teeth. Now, leave me alone. 
When you get mad, its actually amusing to watch. Your eyes get narrow, and you seem ready yourself to strangle someone, he snickered. 
I wanted to scream at him, but he had to have thought I was at least a 100-year-old nun. Instead, I frowned and drowned my sorrows to Nirvana until I realized the man beside me was listening to the same song, so I listened to Phil Collins.
As the flight attendant brought drinks, almost spilling it on the guy beside me, she handed me a water bottle without asking what I wanted to drink. Frazzled much? I didnt blame her, but I needed caffeine. I enviously stared at his Diet Coke until he handed me the cup. You can have it.
No, thanks, I shook my head, lifting my hands up. Im fine.
The girl didnt ask what you wanted to drink.
Nah, its okay, though.
He stood up and disappeared beyond the curtain. I was about to physically strangle him like he predicted when he returned with a Diet Coke and handed it to me with a beautiful grin. Happy?
Thanks, I
He silenced me with his finger. Go back to Phil Collins, hon, he teased.
I wanted to kick him so badly, but I hid my face in my sweatshirt, and I realized why I enjoyed my anger towards him. I liked him a lot, and I wouldnt admit it to him, either. I looked over at him, and my heartbeat quickly accelerated. He was smiling at me. He turned away from me, but he was smiling. 
As we began the descent into Asheville, the flight attendant came to throw our drinks in the trashcan. As she leaned her massive chest over his head to get my drink, we hit turbulence and she fell into his lap. He smiled at her, holding her in his strong arms, making her swoon, and, in turn, spilling my Diet Coke can all over my shirt. 
Lanta! I screamed as the cold liquid hit my flesh. This was not what I signed up for.
The flight attendant didnt pay attention because she was so lovestruck, but Diamond Boys eyes were on me. Oh He turned to the flight attendant. Um, weve had a little spill?
A little spill? I shouted. If she wasnt falling into your lap, I would still be warm and comfy! Ugh, my Charles Huxley! The tiny book was soaking with Coke.
Some of the passengers behind me rolled their eyes, but I ignored them. The flight attendant glared at me. Ill get you some napkins, sweetie.
I wanted to punch her, I really did, but the man sitting next to me reached into his Italian bag and pulled out a thin jacket. Take this, he said.
No, I cant
Dont make excuses. Its not like Im giving you a flea-infested coat. Put it on, seriously, he commanded. 
Ten minutes later, I came back to the seat after changing out of my sweatshirt. Luckily, I had been wearing a t-shirt underneath, and because of his jacket, I was warm again. It smelled of cinnamon, and I couldnt help but think that I was wearing his jacket! It was too big on me, but it was nice.
As the flight attendant made one more round, she seethed when she saw I was wearing his leather coat. Take that! Some people dont need big chests to do the job.
After we made it back on the ground, I motioned to take off his jacket. Here, thanks. Those two words. His jacket. What a lovesick fool I was.
Are you serious? he asked, his blue eyes sparkling. You are keeping it.
What?
You can give it to me some other day, but it is December in North Carolina. It may not be as cold as Saskatchewan, but itll be chilly. Youll need it.
I followed him out of the airplane. You cant give this to me, I insisted. How will I give it back?
He grinned mischievously. If you really wanted to give it back, youll find a way.
That tells me nothing!
He continued walking through the airport. I was on his heels, but finally I gave up. I stopped and watched him walk through the airport, expensive watch and everything, and I turned around. I needed to get to Peppermint. I didnt realize, though, that he had looked back at me many times before we went our separate ways.
I found Peppermint waiting for me at the baggage claim with a weird-looking woman beside her. I hurried over. Peppermint, were still alive!
The woman looked at me like I should be committed, but I ignored her as I signed for Peppermints release. I took my baby girl and found my suitcase a few minutes later, but as I turned around, I was face-to-face with a tall, brown-haired beautiful human specimen.
If you really want to give me that jacket back, he said, you can bring it to my address. I know my competition is that Rudy guy, but you dont have his jacket.
I smiled, feeling winded. Excuse me? I asked as Peppermint barked at this man. We were standing pretty close to each other, and I hadnt felt this way in a long time.
He handed me a slip of paper. He winked as he turned around, but as he walked away, he did say, Nice dog.
I watched him stalk off, and I squealed at Peppermint. I looked down at the messy script on the piece of paper. 28175 MACINTOSH LANE, CHAUCER, NORTH CAROLINA. HENRY.
So his name was Henry? And he gave me his address? I wickedly, devilishly grinned, wanting to scream how great my life was, before looking at my watch. Oh, Peppermint! We have to hurry, doll!
We ran to the other side of the airport, where I saw a strong, menacing, bald man standing with a sign that read: CANDICE MICHELIN. He had a secret passcode he was supposed to say to prove he was in fact the former CIA agent Stan, so I sidled to him and thought of espionage terms. Code, Bond?
Stan looked at me like I was an idiot. I really am, I would agree. This bulky man with a bald, shiny head growled, Excuse me?
Its your adopted kid for the hour, I responded. When he looked at me like he was about to call security, I sighed. Candice! Its Candice.
Stan angrily scowled. Whats the secret word, kid?
Kid? Well, this trip to the Desrosiers Estate would be interesting. Chateau, I whispered. I felt like Alice Moneypenny. I could really get used to this life.
Stan shifted his position and scowled further. All right, Candice, the secret word for me is Estate. Now, lets go.
He viciously grabbed Peppermints kennel. A large man with a skinny dog like Peppermint was quite a sight to behold. I followed him to the sleek limousine parked in front of the gate entrances. Whomever these Desrosiers people claimed to be, they must have had many friends.
A few minutes later, Stan was speeding away to the northwest. He didnt say anything. He hadnt smiled once either, and I decided to crack his locked-lip appearance open. Stan, where are you from?
Stan looked at me from the rearview mirror. His brown eyes gleamed for a minute, before changing back to harsh pupils. He hadnt expected me to ask him anything. He probably thought I was an unstable rich girl. Understandable, with Peppermint and my personality. But he had my whole persona wrong.
I didnt think he was going to answer until his deep bass voice answered, California.
How are you in North Carolina, then? I chirped as I looked down at the slip of paper Henry had given me. My heart galloped seeing his scrawl. 
Stan turned onto a rural highway. Grew up in LA, went into the police department, climbed the ladder, went to the CIA, and retired after my last case closed involving the Desrosiers family.
You went to work for them?
Yup. I thought he wasnt going to talk anymore, but the middle-aged man continued, They are a good family, Miss Michelin. I have a great friendship with Jean Desrosiers, the patriarch.
Oh! I squealed, hitting my head against the seat. Stan swerved after I screamed, and he shouted, Whoa! as I scrambled back into my seat.
Are you okay? Stan asked as he drove with clenched fists. 
Fine, I apologized, grabbing my head. Ill have a goose egg now, though.
Goose egg?
Those things that you get on your head when you get hit, I explained. I squealed because I need your help!
Stan rolled his eyes. I had a feeling he was getting over a heart attack after the swerve. A man, calm and collected like Stan? Yeah?
Can you explain the Desrosiers family to me? Each person, so Ill be acquainted with them before I go in blind.
Stan nodded, and I saw a hint of a smile appear at his lips. As long as you dont freak me out again, kid.
Gotcha, soldier, I said, rolling my own eyes at my stupidity.
Stan cleared his throat. He had much to say. The Desrosiers clan hails from France, southern France, I believe. Jean Desrosiers is married to Adle Desrosiers, and they have three children: Henry, who is thirty-one; Shelby, who is twenty-seven; and Liam, who is twenty-five. Jean grew up impoverished and without food. He began working for a company straight out of Harvard, met some benefactor who then transferred all of a failing company over to him. Jean turned into a mega-corporation. At thirty-three, he began his own company, Desrosiers and Associates, where his own brother, Paul, works as well. Paul is married to Genevieve, who is from Paris. They have four children, three living in various places around the world, but their daughter, Greta, lives with them in New York City.
And Liam is marrying my sister, I whispered. I guess I never really cared about the Desrosierses.
Well, you should, Stan laughed. They arent the wealthiest family in the world, but they are pretty rich. Richer than you and I will ever dream to be. They could buy North Carolina, and I wouldnt be surprised.
Hey, I teased, we have a chance, Stan. We could marry into their family.
He laughed. Well, I guess that is possible. But Id think youd change your mind.
Why?
They are good people, Candice, but money has got the illusion of power. Yes, power can be good, but there are some members of their family that have never experienced pain. I will leave you to feel those out. But there are some members of their family who are very respectful and gentle. His eyes lit up.
My seatbelt choked my neck as I leaned forward. Are you admitting something to me, Stan?
Stan pushed me back into my seat, but he eagerly smiled. Maybe, Candice, Id tell you someday. But for now, we are about to enter mountain country. There have been bears that pop out in front of cars on the regular. I should focus, especially with you back there. He turned on the radio to jazzy beats. 
Number one: I knew that he was a former CIA agent, and bears would not cause him to be focused, though my presence could bring a tidal wave. He was avoiding conversation! Which member of the Desrosiers family had his heart? And number two: I doubted a man like Stan liked jazz music until I saw him tapping his fingers to the beat. I guess I can be wrong. Occasionally.
For another hour, we drove through the wintery mountains of eastern North Carolina. Compared to the never-ending sand in Arizona, these hills made me feel small and weak. Id been here when I was younger. My family always made it an autumn trip to visit Gatlinburg, Tennessee, but I hadnt seen the majesty here in at least ten years. 
The hills were never-ending and smoky. We continued to drive up the mountains, and back down, and up, and down, until Stan stopped to show me a lookout. He snapped a picture of me smiling with the mountains in the background. I thanked him and we continued driving. I couldnt believe he was breaking down the walls of his manly personality to be kind to me. Maybe he craved human interaction. I wasnt sure.
The trees were barren with leaves. It was November 30th, but I wanted to come back here in the fall time. A few minutes later, we entered a green valley. These mountains werent thirsty for water by any means, but this valley was so plush and green!
As we headed down the mountain into the valley, we passed a sign that read CHAUCER. Where had I seen that before? I inquisitively looked down at the paper that the original limo driver, Rudy, had given me. No mention of Chaucer on there. Then it hit me! Henry, the man with the diamond eyes, lived in Chaucer!
My heart raced. This was a sign from God. But then I realized with growing intensity that Stan had mentioned one of the Desrosiers children being a 31-year-old. Stan! I shouted.
Stan didnt swerve this time. He was prepared. We passed a quaint, extremely small downtown with only a candy shop and a grocery. He continued driving through town, and a few miles up the road, we stopped in front of a well-protected iron-wrought gate. Shielded by powerful oaks, the gate had an air of elegance and an urge to open for others to visit the property. Stan punched a key-code in, and the gate opened. Finally, he responded to my exclamation. Yes?
Didnt yousay that there is a Henry Desrosiers who is the son of somebody?
Yes, Stan answered. Why? 
The limo hurled down an oak tree-lined driveway. I didnt see a house anywhere near, so I knew we still had time to chat. Iwhat is the address here?
28175 Macintosh Lane, Chaucer, North Carolina, Stan replied with great uncertainty. Why, Candice?
I fanned myself. Was this really possible? I had sat by my sisters future husbands brother? And I had insulted him time and time again? My forehead was sweating so profusely I made Stan pull over so I could catch some fresh mountain air. 
Stan appeared beside me. Candice! Are you okay?
Not really, I cried. I wasnt crying, but I wasnt all right. StanI sat beside Henry on the plane here.
Stan helped me back into the car. Henryhe is one of the good ones, I promise you, Miss Candice.
I sat back down and thanked Stan. You are too good to me. And to think, a few hours ago, I was freaking you out.
The driver laughed. Well, you were a little strange with your approach. Candice, are you sure youre okay? 
Ill be fine, I said as Stan started the engine.


Chapter Four


TEN MINUTES LATER, the tall trees faded into a small clearing. Replacing the trees was possibly the biggest mansion Id ever seen in my life, second to the Biltmore. It was definitely a chateau, a French-designed piece of crafted architecture. It was a happy gold color, the color of the sun. Elaborately decorated, I could tell it was new, but the architects had designed it to look like a classic French palace. It had to be thousands and thousands and thousands of square feet, but I couldnt stop my open jaw as Stan pulled around the keyhole to the front door, where large columns supported a lookout to the mountains and trees. Ivy trellises lined the mansion, extravagant gardens lined the home, and my eyes watered at the steel front doors. 
I stepped onto the gravel path, my eyes in love with this amazing manor. Peppermint barked as we unloaded her kennel, and I couldnt hide my amazement as the large, heavy doors of the mansion opened to reveal a skinny, white-haired beauty with cheekbones I was envious of. The woman was svelte, lithe, and naturally perfect. Her lips were full despite her age, her familiar blue eyes radiated energy, and she stood with impeccably straight posture. She wasnt very tall, but she had a grace that made her a queen. She was wearing dress pants, a pretty, green peacoat, and her black riding boots were designer-labeled. Her white hair was piled on top of her head fashionably. If this was her idea of dressing sloppily, I wonder what she thought of my first appearance at the Estate.
On the other hand, separated by a long drop of marble steps, I stood with hunched shoulders, wavy blonde hair in a messy ponytail, in Henrys jacket, jeans, and UGG boots. I wasnt wearing any makeup, I had traded my contacts for glasses, and, to top it all, I stood with a barking pooch beside me. I looked to Peppermint. The girl needed to urinate. I didnt know how to ask the white-haired queen where Peppermint could squat and do her business, so I prayed the lab could hold it in for a few minutes more.
I clobbered up the steps and realized I had forgotten to put on deodorant. How did Henry sit beside me without puking? I promise, I shrieked as I slowly walked up the stairs, huffing and puffing, Im going to change
Adle Desrosiers raised her eyebrows and nodded primly. Yes, that would be nice, Ms. Michelin. While youre at it, you might want to take a shower and brush your teeth. I didnt think you would be thisunmanageable.
My mouth fell open. Uh, what?
Adle rolled her eyes. Youre nothing like Elizabeth, Candice.
I would rather take my mother over this woman any day. As I stood open mouthed next to the woman, who challenged me with her blue eyes, I felt a presence beside me. I turned in fright to see a tall man dressed in a suit and tie. Henry.
I gasped. He had changed? He winked at me once before kissing his mother on her cheeks. Mama, je suppose que vous tes prt pour le dner? 
My mouth fell open again. I must have looked like a dumb dog lost in New York City, my tongue bouncing against the roof of my mouth, as I watched the dark-haired man before me greet his mother in fluent French. I was semi-fluent in Spanish, but now I wished I had taken the language of Paris.
Adle looked at me with a flurry of emotions. Anger, disappointment, confusion, annoyance. Her full lips opened in response to her son. They really didnt look much alike, except the blue eyes. Voir ce que je dois travailler avec?
Henry smiled and looked back to me. He nodded once, before saying, Elle na pas besoin de travailler, Mama.
I felt like I had been beamed in from space. Was this a cheesy Star Trek movie? I awkwardly headed back down the steps, picked up my dog, and as the heat travelled to my cheeks, I looked at Stan. He was collecting my things. Why didnt you warn me about these people?
Stan grinned. There are some things you cant warn a kid, Candice.
I looked back at Adle and Henry, who were still looking at me and communicating in French. I wanted to give them the finger, but I hurried away, walking through the dry grass and opening the dog kennel. Do whatever you want, Peppermint. Curse this place, baby girl.
A quick glance over the shoulder told me Adle was furious that I was letting Peppermint pee over her pristine lawn, mountains glimmering beyond the gold mansion. Henry was laughing hysterically, but his mother was slapping him with her skinny hand. She twirled around and slammed the door to her mega-mansion in Henrys face.
After Peppermint walked back into her kennel respectfully, I picked it up. Im not very strong, you see, so I was having trouble lifting her up. Before I knew what was happening, Henry was assisting me. Oh, no, you cant! Youre in a suit, I protested.
I see youve made quite the friend with my mother already, Candice.
I rolled my eyes. You two were up there talking about me right there! How could I not want to let my dog pee all over Adles lawn?
She wants you to dress up. I told her you didnt know what to expect from our family, that you just flew in from a world away, and drove with Stan.
Whats wrong with Stan?
He can be sullen sometimes. Maybe firm is a better word to describe him.
He opened up to me, I said. 
Henrys lips curled into a smile. He opens up to people he can relate to.
What is that supposed to mean, Mr. French Poster-Boy?
Henry was holding the kennel at this point, and he grabbed my arm. The first physical contact we had. My eyes almost lolled around in my head, but instead, for the fiftieth time that hour, I was agape and romanced. Im not French, Candice.
What are you, then?
I drive a truck, he interjected. Ive been living in Dallas for years now. That kind of makes me
Dont say it, I hid my face. I thought of Staceys list 
It The words rolled off his lips. He knew he was teasing me as I hid my embarrassed face. Makes. Me. A. Cowboy.
Stop now! Halt! I shouted, wanting to throw myself off a cliff. Him? This perfect man holding my crazy dog, in the beautiful mountains of North Carolina, arguing with his mother over my fashion sense in French? French? 
Halt? You sound like a policewoman, Ms. Michelin.
I looked up and tried to force my hands to the kennel. Let go of Peppermint!
Have you ever heard of chivalry? 
This is not a time for retro-behavior, Mr. Desrosiers.
I was thinking about tackling him when I looked up to see my sister and a tall, hunky man examining Henry and me from the porch of the chateau. My sister was hiding her face, but Liam was grinning goofily. 
Oh, Lord. I felt faint.
Whats wrong? Henry asked, his blue eyes sparkling in the light. 
I look like this, and Im about to go see my perfect little sister, I angrily cried. Its a wonder Im still alive after meeting your mom.
Henry followed me back to the front steps. You know, she wasnt nicely dressed, either. She just came back from riding horses.
Yet she was judging my appearance? Ugh, Im so embarrassed.
Dont be. Henrys voice was a mixture of depth and some mysterious element, an element which made me swoon. I couldnt yet. I was still a slob, and I needed food. 
Why are you in a tux, then?
I knew what to expect? he offered. 
Im not sure I brought a dress other than the reception dress that would be appropriate for that tux, I countered. What will I do?
Henry smiled. His smile made me think we were the only two people in the entire universe. I was also pleased Peppermint wasnt trying to bite his hand off as he carried the kennel up the marble steps. You talk so much. Well, you can borrow some of Ellies clothing.
Were different sizes, I protested. Shes so darn skinny.
And you arent?
Shut up, truck-driver.
And what do you drive? Im sure a woman like you doesnt drive a Prius.
You get fifty chances to guess. I looked back to Stan, who was driving the limousine to the back of the mega-estate.
We were almost to Ellie and Liam, but Henry piped up. I think you drive a car you dont want to drive. So can I guess your dream car instead?
Whatever floats your boat, I challenged. But be prepared. Youre going to lose.
Wager? His diamond eyes were aloft at the prospect of a challenge. He stopped for a moment, and I could feel his breath on my neck. 
Okay, kid. Lets go forIf I win, I get
Henry smiled. The car of your dreams.
I laughed. Why, thats preposterous.
And this house isnt?
We were only a few feet from Ellie, but I didnt move. Okay, fine, I teased, thinking he was also joking. And if you win
He leaned in and whispered in my ear, Youll give me my jacket back.
He turned around, leaving me spellbound ten feet from my sister. What did he possess that made me so awkward? Well, let me restate that. Im always awkward. What did he have that made me, well, spellbound? 
I watched as he exchanged a kiss with my sister and a brotherly hug with Liam. I realized I needed to be cordial, so I walked over and hugged my little sister, who was practically crying on my shoulder. Oh, Elle!
Ellie didnt mind that I looked the way I did, and she refused to let me go. Oh, Candi! Its been so long since weve seen each other. I hope the flight was okay? And I saw youvemet Henry. Her words werent harsh, but they did point out the fact that there was something tangible between the French self-diagnosed cowboy and me.
Yeah, I gawked, my eyelids barely blinking. I looked over to Liam, who was a younger, lighter-brown haired version of his brother. There were subtle nuances between the two. Henry had darker hair and the same blue eyes as Adle, while Liams were murkier, a darker blue. Henry was more muscular and skinnier, Liam more foreboding and broad-shouldered. Henry had a splash of Texan freckles on the bridge of his nose, and Liams eyes seemed narrower. I didnt mean to analyze the two, and I was reawakened into reality as Liam hugged me.
My new sister! So, Liam was the poster-child of the business. I could tell. 
Henry was a surgeon, and he had left the family business. He was his mothers favorite, but Liam would be the leader of the company someday. He was young, but I could tell he was brilliant in the ways of management. Plus, he was sweet and self-possessed, and seemed perfect for Ellie. 
Hi, I croaked as he suffocated me with his hug. Okay, the Desrosiers brothers were perfect except that Liams version of a hug was making me turn blue.
After he let go, I looked back at Henry, who chuckled. We met on the plane.
That explains the energy between you two, Ellie honestly and naively said, her eyes twinkling. Oh, how innocent Ellie portrayed herself to be! I could tell she was crafting a way to get the two of us together, and I wanted to stomp on her toes. 
Ellie was skinnier than I remembered, not a hair out of place, and her face was packed with makeup. She wore a yellow sundress that made her waist look sickly thin, and her victory curls reminisced of a 40s military wife. However, with her red lipstick and hands locked with Liams, I could tell she was ready to be married. I hadnt seen her in a good year, and I didnt remember her so, so mature. 
While I said she was nave before, I meant in a fake way. I could see through Ellie because we are related. She always was like this. She thought in order to be a pretty girlfriend, she had to be stupid. Liam wasnt big on paying attention to detail, so I dont think he understood, but Ellie wasnt 100% happy. I could see it through her crystal-blue eyes. She was ogling my man. 
As I realized what she was doing, my mouth fell open. Ellieliked Henry? Henry was goofily tickling Peppermint. I wanted to smack my dog as she barked happily in return, but Ellie was smiling at Henry. Liam blindly looked to me, his eyes big and welcoming. You met my brother on the airplane! Let me offer my condolences for you, Candice.
Thanks, I need them, I replied, still confused by my sister. Your brother isnt the perfect gentleman.
Henry looked up as he wittily dictated, I think I dress like the perfect gentleman.
I rolled my eyes. Youre a surgeon, not a model.
Liam broke out into hysterical giggles. He almost doubled over in pain, and I looked over to see Henry red with embarrassment. What was happening? Okay, now you have to tell me, I said to my future brother-in-law.
Liam tugged on his Polo shirt as he tried to fight back tears. That perfect gentleman over there worked as a male model back in the day.
My mouth fell open and I felt my eyebrows furrow. I covered my face with my hands before opening my fingers. Henry nodded. Its true, and it paid well through medical school.
Okay, that did it. I broke out into giggles, which increased after Liam laughed with me, and before I knew it, Henry was laughing too, and Peppermint was howling at Ellie, who stood with a confused look on her face. What else did you do? I questioned.
I like this girl, Liam laughed, and before I knew it, I heard:
I do, too.
I didnt believe my ears, so I blushed and looked to Ellie. I took her arm in mine and said, I need to borrow a dress.
Ellies eyes cleared over. With the idea of clothes sent to her brain, she was back to normal Elizabeth Michelin, my sister. I have just the thing!
Shelby GT-500, I heard Henry say.
I looked back to see him holding my pooch with a bemused look in his eyes. Liam stood by with his arms crossed. Oh, now thats a good car.
What? I asked, forgetting about our little wager.
Henry didnt break eye contact. Your top car.
I dropped my head. I wanted to tell him that it wasnt my favorite car and that he could have his jacket, but he knew he got me. He knew he had me just where he wanted. Words tried to form in my mouth, but he blinked a few times before walking down the steps with Peppermint.
I should have raced after him to take care of my own dog, but Ellie led me forward. She had a makeover to lead, and I had a sister to talk to.
Liam stood contemplating what he had gotten into. And I was wondering the same exact thing.


Chapter Five


TO SAY THE outside of the house was just as brilliant as inside would be unacceptable. The massive entryway was probably one of the top Seven Wonders of the World. Painted in yellow hues with wide, sweeping staircases and a chandelier that made my heart drop, I watched as the sky painted the crystals from the chandelier into various rainbow specks against the walls. A large bouquet of flowers stood on the foyer table. A grand, very grand, piano sat nearby. I would bet a hundred billion dollars no one had touched it except to dust its keys.
I wanted to introduce myself to the other family members, but Ellie led me up the staircase. They can wait, she whispered, sounding more like herself than before. Ive missed you so much, Candi.
What the heck was that on the front porch?
Ellie was stunned. What do you mean?
I laughed. You sounded like a weasel. Pinching your nose in, ogling Henry, I whispered. You didnt seem into Liam at all. He was all over you, but you seemed distant. I dont know. I expected her to be fuming, so I added, Im your sister. I can tell you these things.
Ellie sighed. She knew I was telling the truth. Okay, I admit, I feel a little rushed into this.
Well, why in the Carolina mountains are you still here? I asked in a country accent Momma would be proud of.
Its not that simple, Candice. From her tone, I knew she was done talking for now.
I followed her down an extremely long hallway, passing huge bedrooms to the hundredth power. Finally, at the end of the hall, she turned left into a beige bedroom with a huge, four-poster bed. Like I expected, everything was neat and polished. Her suitcases were underneath the bed, and her clothes hung without wrinkles in the walk-in closet. I spotted a large bathroom from another hallway which only Ellie would use.
I was agape again when I saw all the clothes Ellie had brought for the month. Every color in the universe, every pattern in the world, every style in the Americas was in her closet. Though I may be a self-proclaimed anti-girly girl, I reached out to touch a light green dress. It felt like a cloud. Among the beautiful clothes, I found my eyes wide and my heart full. Sometimes, it is okay to have certain dresses embody your soul.
You can have it, Ellie said, taking the dress of the hanger. I bought it with Adle in New York City.
What? You cant give me this. And since when did you go to New York with Adle?
Ellie placed her hand on her hip like my mother used to do when she reprimanded us. Candice, dont start with me. We have a lot to do. You need a shower, Ill heat the hair straightener, and your eyebrows. Goodness, your eyebrows. What do you do in your spare time?
I didnt like Ellies quick examination of my hygiene habits. Whats wrong with my eyebrows?
They havent been plucked like they should. In quite a while, it looks, too.
I wanted to argue with her, but the green dress reminded me I needed to be saintly instead. Where is my room?
Ellie pointed straight across the hall. When we were children, we had rooms opposite each other. In a way, this was a chance to be teens again. Thanks.
No problem. Ill have Nancy bring your suitcases up. And Ill tell everyone youre getting primped.
I nodded as I scratched my head. I whipped off my boots as I entered my room. It was identical to Ellies master suite. A large bed, polished furniture, and a little alcove with huge windows were only a few points of interest. I could see out into the backyard, where a large garden followed a million-dollar pool. In the distance, I spotted basketball and tennis courts, a large, authentic barn, and in the distance, the woods. Oh, I forgot to mention the purple outline of the Appalachian Mountains.
I closed the blinds and was tempted to get into that beautiful, big, satiny bed. I wanted to rest, but a small Indian woman entered my room. When she spotted me guiltily coveting the bed, her eyes widened. Im so sorryI didnt mean
I waved at her. Oh, no, youre fine. Im Candice.
The woman was taken aback. Was she not used to friendly, Southern hospitality? Miss Candice, do you need anything? I am Nancy. I brought your belongings.
Thank you. Yes, please, would you do me a favor?
Anything.
Dont call me Miss. Im just Candice.
Nancys mouth fell open. Was I giving her a heart attack? She nodded, before turning and like a crazy mouse, she twirled. Anything else? she squeaked.
No, thanks. I smiled. 
Time to get to business. Specifically, a warm shower calling my name.



AN HOUR LATER, after my refreshing shower and makeover by Ellie, I slipped into the borrowed green dress. Ellie handed me a pair of black heels, which I took dutifully. I wasnt the best model in heels, but they would do. I hadnt looked at myself in the mirror, but before I could leave, my belly aching with need of ice cream, Ellie pointed to a full-view mirror.
I looked into the glass, surprised at the girl I saw before me. She was tall, with a killer figure in a sleeveless green dress. It wasnt too tight, but it did reveal a womans figure, one I didnt think I had. I looked at my long, straightened blonde hair and the makeup Ellie had done. I looked pretty. I was surprised.
Ellie gleefully jumped at her artwork. It really was an art process. How that girl loved dressing up amazed me, but she hugged me after I turned away from the mirror. You look so gorgeous, sis! Now, its time to meet the family.
I cautioned myself. Candice, dont say anything overly embarrassing, rash, or insensitive. I chewed on my thumbnail. What were these people like? My first impression of Adle wasnt great, and though Ellie seemed to melt in with them perfectly, I was reminded that I was the older, slightly-overlooked kid who never came home for Christmas. 
My thoughts drifted to Peppermint as Ellie tugged on my bare skin. It wasnt too chilly inside, but Ellie handed me a shawl anyway. With a wink, she placed the warm fabric against my skin. Henry wouldnt mind, but youll see. The Desrosierses are a different breed of society. Classy is better than trashy.
I looked around Ellies room once more. An expensive chandelier that was worth more than my entire apartment in Arizona hung from the ceiling. I expected to see frescoes on the ceilings by Michelangelo. 
Is there anything I need to prep myself on? I cried out as I accidentally bit my cuticles to the roots. Anxiety was my middle name.
Ellie slammed her palm against her head, motioning to my nervousness. Some habits never die.
I rolled my eyes. Ellie!
Okay, okay, she said, tugging on her yellow sundress. She wrapped a conservative shawl around her shoulders and I noticed a diamond pendant hanging from her skinny neck. I hadnt asked her anything yet, but before I could dole over her engagement ring, she began speaking. Adle is a tough nut to crack.
Yeah, I see.
She is a sweetheart underneath her faade, I promise. Her husband Jean is very headstrong. He grew up poor and sick, but now he is this mega-rich guy that expects only the best for his children. Hes controlling and obsessive if you ask me, she whispered into my ear. His brother is Paul, but we all call him Papy. Papy is the clown of the house. He is always pulling pranks on the boys. He is married to Genevieve, whom we call Auntie. Shes a sweet little lamb, and shes so shybut she is a jokester if you can overcome that first wall of shyness. They have many kids, but only one is here. Her name is Greta. Shes your age, Candi. Liam and Henry have a sister, Shelby, but she isnt here yet. She will arrive with her husband in a week.
II need to pee, I breathed. Stan had tried to explain everyone to me earlier, but I wanted to fall into a hole and find myself trapped, unable to climb into the sunshine. What had I gotten myself into?
Oh, no youre not getting out of this! Ellie chided, tugging on my dress. Youll somehow ruin my job on you, Candi. Now, come on, we have a family to meet.
She held my hand like we did when we were children, leading me down the hallway to the yellow foyer. I felt like a princess as I glided down the steps, the crystal chandelier inviting me to a regal ball Cinderella and the other princesses were attending. I giggled as Ellie tickled my waist, but I reminded, Ellie, youll ruin your makeup, before she tried to attack me. Ah, sisters.
We were tickling each other for a good three minutes before I heard a low, Ah hem.
My back slouched and my lungs hurt for air, but Ellie stood as straight as a rail. What, sis? I absently wiped off my hands before turning. My mouth fell open.
A man in his mid-60s stood before us in an expensive tie, long-sleeved designer shirt, and pressed pants. He draped a black tux jacket over his shoulder, and I couldnt help but gasp as I realized he looked just like Henry. His hair was salt-and-pepper, his eyes were a grayer blue, the color of Liams, but he and Henrythey were almost twins. 
The mans voice was husky and condescending as he spoke to us. Ellie, is this the girl Adle sent for?
Well, so far so good. I thought he would give us a lecture. Yes, Jean, Ellie mumbled, hurrying to him, standing on her toes to give him a kiss on the cheek. This is my sister, Candice.
I offered my hand. Hi, sir. I tried to give my biggest smile, but Jean crinkled his eyebrows and looked ready to have a stroke. He coughed, but shook my hand. His hand was like a limp fish. The man didnt know how to shake a hand with a girl? Id have to fix this predicament. 
How was your flight? he asked, not knowing what else to say. You met Stan? I could detect a French accent, but it wasnt as distracting as Adles prim soprano.
Very good, thank you, sir. I didnt need any of the extra servicethe first classI mean, its greatly appreciated, but I
Ellie sent me mental daggers. Was I that bad with social skills? I looked to Jean, who had a glimmer of a smile on his ruby red lips. Im sorry, sir, I try not to blab, and my sister reminds me frequently
He couldnt hold it back. The man smiled at me! It is nice, he whispered, nodding in acceptance. No one here talks the way you do.
What a weird compliment, but I took it in stride. I looked to my sister, whose jaw was falling to the floor. 
I dont think I introduced myself, Candice, Jean said, his blue eyes clearer than before. I am Jean Desrosiers, but you may call me whatever you like.
I have options? I wanted to shout for joy. I thought Id get a stern talking-to, but Jean was being cordial?
How is your French? he asked.
Not very good, I admitted. I took Spanish in high school.
Well, Miss Candice, he said, kissing my hand, you must work on your French if you are to stay with us. Research a name for me, my dear.
I was flattered. If I learn French, I will teach you all Spanish. I didnt realize what Id said before Jean spoke a string of Spanish words Id never heard before. Maybe I was rusty
Oh.
Jean smiled. Follow me, girls. Nancy is preparing a yummy course of smoked salmon. You arent vegan, Candice? Vegetarian? Lactose intolerant? Gluten-free foods?
Oh, to Mt. Olympus, no, I choked. I call myself a carnivarian.
Excuse me?
I love my meats.
He understood now, and whispered to me, I do, too, Miss Candice. Do not tell the Madame I said that.
Ellie cut in. Adle is strictly vegetarian.
That woman! I fumed. She is so skinny, she needs a chicken leg or something
Of course, Adle took the time to make her precise entry at the chicken leg comment, and her eyes flashed angry streaks of death. Was she going to murder me? Kill me? What about Pep the pup? I hadnt arranged Peppermints new parent(s) in my will yet
The woman was so pretty and svelte, it just wasnt fair. Her white hair was neatly combed back, and she wore a dark shade of green dress. She wore black heels as well, and when she saw my attire, she shook her head. Ellie, she just wont do.
Jeans lips formed into a taut line. He turned his back and left, but I wasnt surprised. He was pretending his wife was nonexistent, but she had the real authority here. What woman doesnt? 
Ellie gulped. She is very presentable, Mama Adle
The sunset was casting beautiful hues of oranges and pinks through the chandelier. I was momentarily distracted before tapping my foot. Mrs. Adle, can we start over? I feel bad about my
Im sorry, Candice, we dont sell chicken legs here, she hissed. She turned to Ellie, offering her arm. Ellie, come darling. Liam is asking about you.
I thought Ellie would at least turn around and wave at me to follow her. No, my sister took the snakes arm and walked away. I was left alone in the foyer, in a foreign mansion in the middle of North Carolina, without a clue in the world. I wanted desperately to run upstairs, pull on my tennis shoes, and go for a jog, but I remembered I was to go to dinner.
I pushed a lock of hair behind my ear. To the left was a ginormous library where I would go immediately when I got the chance; to the right was a hallway that led to a giant formal room. I walked down the hallway, passing portraits of the children growing up.
One picture showed a toothless Liam attacking his older brother as they played football. A girls graduation picture caught my attention. She had mousy brown hair, large green eyes, and a distinguished French-looking face. Id never been to France, but Shelby looked French; however, I knew it was possible that I had no idea what a French person looked like.
I tugged on the stupid shawl Ellie made me wear as I entered the great room. To say it was great was an understatement. The place was so tall I couldnt see the top. A giant fireplace burned nearby, though no one was there. Dozens of sofas and Thomas Kinkaid paintings filled the space. Another grand piano was nearby, aching for someone to play. The shelves were covered in various relics, and I couldnt concentrate. 
I turned, finding my way to the kitchen, where I saw the Indian woman, Nancy, hard at work.
Nancy! I shouted, finally finding a normal human being. Can I help you? 
There was so much food she was expected to cook. How are you doing this all by yourself?
The cook, Bentley, is sick in our living quarters. I hope Madame doesnt
Let me help you, I offered, pointing to an apron hanging on the pantry door. Im not a great cook, but Im sure things will go faster. I can take out the trashorIm a pro at making microwaveable mac and cheese. 
Nancy smiled, her tan face shining with appreciativeness. Thank you, she whispered, showing me gravy that needed to be heated. If you could help with that, Id appreciate it, Candice.
Oh, no problem. After I washed my hands, I stirred the gray substance for ten minutes while I chatted with Nancy. And you have no help?
None. Although usually Bentley is in charge of snacksIm more of the maid.
Oh, Nancy! Do you ever get to leave here?
The kind woman laughed as she splashed the fish with herbs and delicacies. Not usually. I do it so I can provide for my daughter in the Reserve.
How old is your daughter? I bet she is a pretty girl.
Amanda is seventeen. Her father, my husband, died a few years back. I needed to find a job that paid well, and this one did that and more. But Im away from my baby so much.
I wanted to cry, but I knew that human tears or expressions of emotion werent allowed in this household, so I filled glasses with water and wines that Nancy instructed me to pour. Can you watch this fish for a moment? Nancy asked, pointing to the nearby stove where a fish was steaming.
Oh, not an issue, I fibbed. I didnt know how to handle a fish in a pan. In fact, I didnt really consume fish except when Stacey cooked for Reesey and me on her designated girls night. I watched as the little guy became toasty, feeling that maybe, just maybe, Adle was correct in her beliefs. However, vegetarians did eat fishand then, I reminded myself of the flavor of a good steak, and my heart raced again. Oh, steaka juicy, medium-well steak with a baked potato, French fries, a Caesar salad with a plethora of croutons
I didnt realize I hadnt been paying attention to my apron. The thing was covered by flames in seconds as I leaned over the stove, and I screamed when I felt the heat near my leg. LORD JESUS COME BACK TO ME! I screamed as the flames engulfed my apron. I threw the fabric to the ground, stomping on it to seize the fire.
I looked back at the fishy, which seemed burnt, very, very, very burnt. Where was Nancy? I hurried to the sink, grabbed a nearby glass, and filled it with cold water. I splashed the ruined apron, and then for good measure, the fish.
Thank you, I prayed to God as I scooped the apron up, that you didnt allow me to burn down the house.
I turned to throw the apron in the trashcan, but a million eyes were focused on me. Firstly, I noticed Adles wicked, flaming blue eyes. I thought I was dealing with flames earlier, but those eyes were the real deal. Secondly, I saw Nancy, tears pouring down her face. Ellie was angrily sneering at me, but Liam and Jean were chuckling behind Adle. Beyond them, I noticed Stan near a pretty, blonde-haired girl who looked quite entertained. Behind her was a burly, old man with hair growing out of his nostrils and a plump woman chomping on a banana.
You can have that fish, my dear! cried the burly man as he jogged his fat belly to me. He enveloped me in a huge hug before kissing me on both cheeks. He backed away, still holding my arms. You are the Candice I dream of!
His wife, Aunt Genevieve, hurried to me, holding me in her strong grip, as well. She was shy, I noted, but she liked me. I wasnt a good cook until we hired one, beautiful girl. She pulled me into a hug and whispered, I was a good cook because our hired one didnt let me near the kitchen.
I wanted to pour kisses onto this couple, because the other Desrosiers members stood far away.
Nancy stood out to Adle. I am so sorry
Where were you? Adle barked, flashing her manicured fingers. We didnt hire you to allow the guest, however dimwitted she is, to do our cooking.
I heard humming, and I turned to see Henry walk into the room, polished and suave. When he saw his family torn and divided, he threw his hand up. What is that horrendous smell? Has someone come back from hell?
Ellie was red from embarrassment, so she rolled her eyes. 
To answer you, it was Candice, said Papy Paul Desrosiers as he slouched to laugh in my ear. She came back ready to go to church. You are Catholic, right?
Ihave German ancestors? SoyeahIm kind of a Baptist.
As long as you believe in God! Auntie laughed, her eyes alive. I just adore you, Candice Michelin! You will learn to make better fish! Not today, but someday!
Candice? Henrys mouth fell open. What did you do?
I ran a hand through my hair. I burnt my apron, I offered, holding up the piece of fabric from the trashcan. This is a memento from my adventure.
Henry, take Candice out for a little walk. Adle deftly tapped her manicured nails to the granite countertops.
Henry wanted to respond, but he looked at me with an emotionless expression. Okay, Mama.
As I passed by, Jean winked at me. Nancy, Im so sorry, I whispered as I was commanded to leave.
Nancy nodded curtly. She wasnt upset with me, but it was my fault. Is there anything
Go, Adle commanded again.
And I left.
I followed Henry around the great room to a massive exit entryway. Steel doors for their entrance to the pool area? Wow.
He opened the door for me, and I couldnt breathe as we stood so close to each other. Once the brisk winter air collided with my skin, he burst into laughter. His eyes were sparkling as he said, Only you.
What? I asked, flaming with embarrassment. I thought you were mad, too.
Henry stood tall, seeing I wasnt laughing back. Youre the only one who would bravely come into my moms house and cook. Youre the only one who would burn the fishand
And?
Youre the only one who makes me laugh this hard. The words slipped off his mouth like a ship sailing on perfect waters. The words made my heart tear into little fractals, and I turned from him so he wouldnt see the grin on my lips. You see, you have that effect on people.
Henry followed me closely, knowing I was thinking about what he had said. How did you burn the tilapia?
It was supposed to be smoked, I said, not able to think about anything else. You know, Henry, maybe you should tell me where Pep is.
Pep, he smiled through his eyes, is safely guarded in the garage. Want to go see her?
But the garden From the place on the verandah, I couldnt see out into the backyard yet. 
Trust me, we have a month here, Candice. Well be ready to mow the entire garden in a few days.
I dont believe you, I retorted. 
The setting sun cast its shadows on the two of us. It was a sign from God. Henry and I. Henry and me. While those teenagerific thoughts rushed through my head, Henry touched my arm, pulling me back inside. You ought to be freezing, he said. Its December, and youre running around in a little jacket.
Do you mean a shawl? I asked, trying to think of conversation. He touched my arm!  I was glad for that little jacket. I dont know if I would be able to stand if his fingers had brushed my skin.
A shawl, he corrected himself. We were back in the great room again, where Papy was poking the fireplace.
Henry mouthed, Ssh! to me as he led me through another hallway, down another passage, to a smaller room which led to the garage. I couldnt memorize this place at all. He opened the door to the 10-car garage.
This is my car, Henry pointed to a sleek Corvette. Let me correct myself. This is my Carolina car.
Im surprised, I admitted, enviously staring at the beautiful blue of the Vette. It was impossibly beautiful. Im sure this is the cleanest thing you own. From what Ive seen, trucks can get pretty dirty.
Henrys eyes lit up. Youd be surprised, Candice. I dont like muddy trucks. Im quite refined for a Texan, Ill admit. You like my girl?
He broke away from his Corvette, but I answered, More than you. Yes, your girl is very elegant.
Yes, she is. He blinked a few times.
Okay, where is Pep? I asked, not sure if I could handle the man any longer without asking for the engagement ring.
Follow me.
We passed nine equally sleek cars. Lexi, Audis, a BMW, a Mercedes, and one hideous, muddy truck that belonged to Liam. I see it in your eyes, Henry smiled as we passed Liams truck, you love it.
No, I blushed. This man made me feel so embarrassed and shy. Pep? I called out.
I heard her bark. Peppermint! 
I forgot my heels, tossing them and almost hitting Henry in the process, in search of the golden lab. I managed to find her, sitting on a fluffy pillow like a dignified queen. My baby girl licked me in delight. Oh, baby Pep, Ive missed you! Looks like we both survived our flight.
I hope you talk to the kids like that someday. Better than that, I hope, too.
I looked up to him. He was so dapper in his suit, his hands in his pockets. I flushed a deep crimson when I realized he hadnt said your kids. He had said the kids. 
I stood to my full height, and angrily realized I was three inches shorter without my heels. A good six inches shorter than him. You think you can make comments to me like that? Huh?
Your attitude keeps me on edge, Michelin. Yes, I do think I can make comments like that. Its not defamation if I
I fell over the next second. I couldnt feel my heart, I couldnt feel my body. The blood raced to my arms for whatever reason, and I think my mind went fuzzy because I didnt remember anything else until my eyes opened a few seconds later. Henry was holding me in his arms, and Peppermint was barking at me.
Henrietta
His eyes filled with alarm. Henrietta? 
He helped me to my feet. I fell back against his chest in an awkward heap, but I dont think either of us was complaining. His chest was like a rock. 
He placed his arms on mine. Candice? You okay?
I slapped him. My body wasnt very strong, and I was in shock, but I slapped him with the might of a three-year-old. His face didnt drop. He expected my slap. And before I knew what he was doing, he leaned in and kissed my lips.
It was a quick, short kiss. I tried to tell myself it didnt mean anything. I was in the garage of the Desrosiers family, with the oldest son, standing by a dark blue GT-500, with my dog howling at the fluorescents. But I could tell neither of us wanted the kiss to end, and that, well, it frightened me.
He pulled away first, his face picturing sadness. I didnt mean to ruin anything. Was that okay? I mean, it wasnt okay, Im sorry. I didnt expect this confusion from him.
Buying a GT-500? I asked, pretending to forget the kiss. You better tell me this wasnt for our bet. If so, Im going to need an alibi for your murder.
Henry seemed satisfied with that answer, and excitedly, he hurried to the passengers side door. Get in the car, Candice. He tossed me the keys. No wonder he hadnt wanted to take me to the garden.
Pep, stay here, girl, I said, fluffing her ears. The dog chirped at me, and I said, I know. I need to keep my feelings in check. I promise he isnt a Kurt Kapelmann!
I hurried to the drivers side door, falling into the leather seat. I threw the car into drive, and Henry pressed the button the garage door opener to open. I felt his gaze on me as I pulled into the driveway. Where are we going? 
I think we can blow off dinner this once.
If they ask about the garden? I replied as I clung to the steering wheel. I dont have my license on me.
Youre worried about your license? Youve forgotten were not in Arizona or Texas anymore, Michelin. Were in the middle of the mountains. Nothing to worry about. And I dont care if they mind. Well say we were on an errand.
To do what? 
The tree-lined path passed us by. We needed to get soy sauce. I dont know, well make something up.
Dressed like this?
Were formally dressed. Whats wrong with that?
Nothing, I guess, I said as I revved the engine. You dont mind me revving
He laughed, positioning his seat so his long legs wouldnt be squished against the dashboard. No, Candice. This isnt my car.
I swerved in astonishment. Please dont give me a heart attack. Im already an awful driver.
Lets calm you down, he said, turning on the radio. September by Earth, Wind & Fire played and I raised my eyebrows as he began to sing along in a funny voice.
That is supposed to calm me down? Why in the universe is this carwell, I meanits I shook my head. I cant formulate sentences.
Henry wickedly grinned as he stretched his long legs. Candice, the car was in the garage before you flew in. It was a rental for Greta, but I called the owner and bought it.
What?! I screamed. You bought it?!
She didnt like it much, but I think it is beautiful. Plus, youll need a car to drive around here
Stop this madness. This is not my car, Henrietta.
He chuckled. Okay, captain.
Why didnt Stan pick you up at the airport? You could have come with us.
I wanted some alone time with my Corvette. Problem?
I pulled onto the main strip of highway. The sun was almost behind the trees now, and I turned my headlights on, highlighting the giant oaks lining the highway. Lead me, kid. Im not sure where we are.
Drive. It doesnt matter where we go.
Finally, resisting the urge for so long, I broke out into song with Henry. Two clowns singing 70s music when they had never seen the decade. Henry wasnt singing in his real voice, but I could tell he had a good bass. Did the guy have any flaws?
We kept making eye contact for split seconds. As the song changed, he turned the station and I heard a rap song from my youth. I cant tell you who the artist was, but I was in sync with the beat. Henry looked at me like I was insane, and I nodded. My best friend Stacey introduced me to some rap music a few years ago.
You do know youre a white girl, right?
I laughed, ignoring the 45-mph zone. I went 60, feeling the engine roar in response. Any day, I would be going the speed limit, but I felt different tonight. I was really free, and maybe this vacation was exactly what I needed. A chance to unwind, have fun, be myself with a practical stranger. Until the cop turned on his blue lights.
Oh. My. Llama, I gasped, my knuckles turning white. I dont have my license.
Dont worry, Henry dictated as I pulled onto the shoulder of the road. Ill explain.
Henry, this is all my fault. Im so sorry. I keep saying that to people. I think Im going to become a Catholic like Papy wants. Goodness! II think Im going to hurl!
The young officer walked to the drivers side of the new GT-500. I rolled down my window, and he whipped off his sunglasses, revealing pretty brown eyes. He was a handsome guy, but with Henry at my side, I was more concerned with my driving record. And the hefty fine Id have to pay on a newspaper writers salary. 
Maam? he asked, his eyes glinting. May I ask why
Excuse me, Henry chirped, Officer, I live just down the road. We were taking this car out for a quick spin.
The cop tilted his head. Desrosiers?
Yes, precisely, Henry said. We were just testing out the engine on this baby. Im sorry about the speed. In fact, Candice here was admitting to me that she had no idea what the speed limit was. The sign was hidden behind trees, and I thought it read 50, but we were not sure.
The cop smiled at Henry, and I caught his drift. Im so sorry, Officer.
He nodded. It is very true. Ill tell my boss about that sign, and Ill let you off with a warning, but dont go that much over, maam. There are bears known to jump in front of cars in the darkness. Have a nice night, all right? Drive safely.
With one simple murmur of Desrosiers my future was back on track. Maybe I needed to befriend Henry and his family just to keep my sanity intact. The officer pulled away first, and then I did a U-turn.
You want to go home already? 
Everyone will wonder where we are. Theyll think we were abducted by aliens. Plus, Im still in shock. You got us out of that one.
Or theyll think were getting to know each other.
I stopped the car again, turning onto the shoulder. Henry, can I ask you something?
Yes?
Did you mean to kiss me earlier? I could not believe I said that. I wanted to drown. 
Henry breathed heavily. Yes, Candice. Im sorry. Weve only known each other for a few hours, I know.
Itit was nice, I croaked. I covered my mouth immediately. Yes, it is possible to be a 29-year-old with the brain of a peanut.
He turned away, his five oclock shadow visible. Oh my Lanta, I hadnt seen the stubble until that moment, and it was so handsome. I didnt think he would say anything until he murmured, I agree with you, Candice. It was nice. I am still sorry, though. Forgive me?
Dont start with me, Henry. Dont be sorry. We still have other songs to jam out to, and Adle to deal with. Come on, I need a partner-in-crime.
We drove back to the homestead in agonizing silence. I hadnt seen Henrys quiescence until now, and I wanted to punch him in the lip. After I backed into the garage, I handed him the keys and he put them in his pocket. I kissed Peppermint, and Henry gracefully headed for the door to the house.
Henry.
Yes, Michel?
I ignored the play on my name. Why wont you talk? I told you. It was nice. You have nothing to apologize for.
Henry shook his head. He was gorgeous in the shadows. You dont understand, Candice.
Im sure I do. I can if youll let me.
He walked closer to me. I wanted to kiss you a lot more than what we did. I dont want to take advantage of you in any way, Candice. Youre way too special. And weve only known each other for a few hours. He reached out to rub his thumb against my cheek.
I wanted to tell him I liked him so much, but I stood electrified. Skin-to-skin contact. When I didnt say anything, he turned and floated back into the house, leaving me alone with his familys collection of luxury cars.
I took Peppermint out for a quick relief and came back to the house frostbitten an hour later. I found Nancy cleaning one of the downstairs foyer bathrooms. We hadnt been gone long, but I still felt horrible for Nancy. I needed to apologize and make up for my actions.
Nancy?
She looked up, startled. Oh, hi, Candice.
I am so sorry. Is there anything? I blubbered.
No, Candice. There really isnt anything, Nancy smiled, but it didnt reach her eyes.
I knew what I had to do. A plan hatched in my mind. And I needed Henrys help.


Chapter Six


I RIPPED OFF my shawl. It was hot inside from the fireplace, and I walked into the living room to find every Desrosiers eye on me. Hi, I stuttered.
Candice, Adle primly greeted. She was sitting in the middle of everyone. What a cat.
Henry stood nearby, talking on the phone in quiet tones. I could barely hear him talking to another doctor in Dallas. Papy and Auntie were sipping hot chocolate together under a blanket. Jean was reading a book with his feet propped up.
Im sorry about earlier, I stumbled, Adles gaze penetrating into my soul.
Adle waved her hand. Youre all right, my dear. Did Henry show you the garden?
No. He showed me the garage. That came out wrong.
Adle sighed. That boy. He will never be able to win a woman that way. But I dont think youd care.
Adle! Auntie shrieked. 
I wanted to hurl my high heels at her eyes, but instead I nodded. You know, its getting late. Im going to go change.
Before I left for the night, I walked to Henry. Hi.
He was done talking on the phone, but alarm was present in his voice. One of my patients isnt doing well. I need to go back to Dallas tonight.
What? My face dropped. Youre going?
My job comes first, he whispered. Ill be back as soon as shes okay. Im taking nearly a month of absence, and I can at least help a patient who needs my help. She completed surgery a week ago, and there are a few complications that need to be taken care of.
I nodded. I wanted him to hug me good-bye, but he headed to the foyer. So I followed him.
Before you leave, can you help me with something?
Yes?
I need Amandas address. The daughter of Nancy.
And Id know because?
 I shook my head. Because you want to help your patients.
You hardly classify as a patient, he said, his eyes returning to their natural glimmer. Youre incurable.
I want to show that I am truly sorry to Nancy. I want to bring Amanda for the weekend as my personal guest.
Adle will murder you.
I followed him up the staircase. So? She can try.
He stopped after we made it to the top of the steps. We stood facing each other, not knowing what to say or do. Greta can help you.
Greta? The name sounded familiar.
Shes probably with Ellie. Shes my cousin.
All right. Thank you.
Candice? he asked as I began to leave for my room.
Yeah?
See you later?
Good luck with your patient. Save her, okay?
Good luck with your project.
Good night, Dr. Desrosiers.
Good night, Miss Michelin.
I wanted to continue, but finally I saluted and left, my heart beating fast. Maybe the break apart would do us good. We had only known each other for six hours, but why did my heart rip when I thought I wouldnt see him tomorrow?

***

AFTER I CHANGED into my pajamas, I bustled across the hallway to Ellies room. I opened the door to discover a familiar, petite blonde giggling with Ellie on the bed.
Hi. Ellie choked on her saliva, and she rolled her eyes. 
Oh, okay. I nodded.
Hi, introduced the girl, Greta. She was very beautiful, with platinum blonde hair that fell to her shoulders. She looked shy, but tonight she was drunk. And it was barely seven oclock.
Okay, ladies, who has been drinking? I was going to have to act as either bartender or designated driver tonight.
Ellie hid the wine bottle under a pillow. Elizabeth! I shouted.
What, Candice? A girl needs to feel relaxed after thatspectacle, Ellie crooned, patting her designer pajama suit. I was wearing, not surprisingly, pants made of fluffy cotton and a sweatshirt. My hair was pinned on top of my head in awkward tufts, and I was wearing my glasses. 
It was pretty funny, though, Greta added, her eyes sparkling. My parents laughed the whole time you were away with Henry. Saying how wonderful of a couple youd make.
Oh.
Ellie took the wine bottle from the pillow and poured herself a glass. Where were you two, anyway?
Uh, he was showing me the cars in the garage.
Ellie broke into giggles, but Greta smiled. Way to win a womans heart. But if he wants to win your heart, I guess that would suffice, declared my sister.
I ignored that saucy comment. I sat on the bed with them, feeling out of place. I was the odd-girl out for sure. I needed to make allies with Greta for my plan to apologize to Nancy. Dont get too drunk, sister. Were Baptists, remember? Mom and Dad would kill the both of us if they knew you were drinking.
Like you havent tasted a bit of champagne in your life? Ellie poured herself another glass.
Okay, sis, youre freaking me out with all the bottles of wine youre snorting. I grabbed the wine bottle, but she was already buzzed and fell on her pillow. The girl was woozier than Id known.
It was just Greta and me now. Hi, Greta. So, youre Henrys cousin?
Greta nodded shyly. Henry and I are close for two grown cousins. Hes really tight with his siblings, however.
Can you give me a little extra info on Shelby?
Of course.  You were thrown into our household without a choice. Shelby is his youngest sister. Shes twenty-seven.
Youngest? I thought she was his only sister.
Greta meekly looked away. Youre right.
What was up with that? And Shelby? Is she a
I think I know what youre insinuating. Yes, Shelby is a big party girl. You think Ellie is a drunkard, well, get prepared for Shelby. Shes about as worldly as the Desrosiers will allow. It makes up for Liam and Henrys preference to stay by the TV to watch football.
Greta, I havent been here long, but I need your help. I couldnt handle it anymore. I needed Greta.
Yes?
Ellie was right. I made quite a show earlier today, and I need to apologize to Nancy somehow.
Nancy already knows you are sorry.
I shook my head. Not in the way I need to show her. I want to find her daughter, Amanda.
Gretas eyebrows rose. She has a daughter?
Yes, I said. Shes seventeen, lives in the Reserve. I want to bring Amanda here.
That may not bode well with Aunt Adle
I dont care. I need to do something to make up for my actions. Nancy never gets to see Amanda.
And you want my help to find her?
I thought Greta would be more excited about this, but she wasnt. Instead, she sat straighter and looked at her fingernails. You know, never mind. I bit my tongue. Ill find her myself. Sorry to bother you.
I took the wine bottle with me across the hallway, crushed it against the sink, watching the liquid rush down the drain.


Chapter Seven


THE NEXT MORNING, I found Stan munching on oats with Nancy cooking nearby. Stan, can I talk to you?
Stan looked up, his bald head gleaming from the quaint, dangling lights above. Hey, Candice. Whats up?
I didnt want to be foolish around Nancy, but I had no other opportunity. The Cherokee Indian Reserve was two hours away, and it was already ten oclock. Seeing I wasnt budging, Stan stood and smiled at Nancy. 
He followed me to the great room, where we spoke in hurried whispers. I need to find Nancys daughter.
Why? Stan asked, not knowing about the fish issue from the previous night.
Ill explain. Can you take me there?
Stan nodded. Im really supposed to be on call for the Desrosiers family, but Adle is riding horses and the others are at a golf event for the rest of the day. Ill tell Nancy were going to Asheville for food.
Thanks, Stan!
I went back upstairs to fetch my purse, but Greta blocked my doorway. She wore jeans and a pretty, pink blouse. Her hair was in a ponytail and a fancy, blue scarf snaked around her neck. Im so sorry about last night, Candice. II didnt know how to handle your gentle heart. No one around here ever does anything for anyone else. Id love to help you find Amanda, really.
I smiled, hugging the girl. She was my age, but she seemed younger. You want to come? Stan is driving.
We could take my car, she noted, her eyes suddenly changing from calm waters to a roaring tsunami. 
Whatever works. I should tell Stan so he doesnt have to worry about driving anymore.
You know what? I can. It shouldnt be a big deal. Ill go talk with him.
Oh, okay.
Greta breathlessly hurried down the steps, and I shrugged. The girl could be bipolar. I went back into my bedroom, picked up my purse, and breathed. Only a day ago, I was on a plane. I could have taken the GT-500, but I refused to acknowledge it. It was Henrys car, and I would not, for a million years, drive his car without him, though it was supremely magical.  A few seconds later, my phone rang.
Hello?
Well! chirped Stacey. I could feel her exuberance though we were two thousand miles away from each other. What was up with Stacey? The reserved one of the bunch, she was outgoing and hyper today.
Stace!
Theres my girl! yelled Reesey. Soon after, I heard her yelling in Spanish.
Did you have to ruin the pancakes, Reesey? Stacey sounded upset, but she sighed. How is my little Candice doing? Found a man yet? Dont forget the 3.
Oh, never.
I heard Reesey again. We did some research on the Desrosierses, Candice!
Oh my chili peppers, breathed Stacey. Theyre the sixteenth richest family in the United States. The sons of the patriarch Jean are some handsome men. I may be black, but I dont mind soaking up the sun with those snow white princes.
Whoa, I laughed. I miss you guys.
So? Reesey asked. I heard the sound of a crash in the background. Stacey was the cook out of the three of us. Have you met them?
Who?
Henry Desrosiers. Hes totally available, Candice. I know your sisters marrying Liam, so that leaves you Henry. He has dark, brown hair and those crisp, dreamy blue eyes
I blushed. Well, he sounds ridiculous. Wow, almost any information could be found on the internet.
Ridiculous? Are you on your period? 
In a good way. Ridiculously amazing, I offered. 
If you dont want him, Ill take him, said Reesey.
No, I called him, Reesey. This is the era of racially mixed couples. Get your own.
Hey, Im Latina.
Youre still white.
Oh, my friends. I met him, I finally croaked.
They both gasped. You did?
And he kissed me, I said, hiding my face, though they couldnt see me.
HE KISSED YOU? Why didnt you tell us, Candice Ilana Michelin? 
Yeah.
Stacey sighed. Well, Im back to finding my perfect Nat King Cole in the grocery aisle at Bendofs Grocery.
Reesey yelled, Shut up, Stace! This is perfect! Our Candice is finally finding a true love after idiot boy Kurt. Candice, Im so happy for you! We have to meet him. When can we meet him? If you dont like him, you could always share
Greta called me from the foyer. I needed to go. Ill call you guys later, I promise. Ill keep you informed.
Hey, be careful, Candice, Stacey said. You sound different. Dont let any of those snobs tell you differently. Wait, dont go. Does Henry drive a truck?
I nervously laughed before hanging up.
Greta was waiting at the bottom of the steps. She wore a cashmere coat made of a beautiful royal blue. Well go with Stan. He wants to keep a watch on us. She looked winded, and her cheeks were rosier than I remembered.
Okay, I said, locking arms with her. With Stan, wed be fine in any situation.
A few minutes later, after checking on Peppermint, I sat in the backseat of Gretas yellow Jeep Wrangler. I thought we were going with Stan?
Stan hopped into the drivers seat at the next moment. Instead of his crisp suit, he was wearing jeans and a Polo. He could fit in with the Desrosiers family as the rustic older brother. Greta sat in the backseat, leaving me up front with him. Cherokee, here we come.
We left the mega-mansion of my dreams, and headed down the tree-lined path, where a few hours before, I had been practicing my skills with a GT-500. Luckily, Gretas Jeep was enclosed, and we listened to the alternative radio station with the heaters on. It was a chilly day, December 1st. Countdown: twenty days until the wedding.
We weaved and turned down the pretty roads for an hour, passing the, quite predictably, smoky Smoky Mountains. I didnt mind the silence. Stan and I kept to our thoughts while Greta played Bejeweled on her phone. Before I knew it, I asked Stan, How old are you?
Stan was used to my personality by now. Thirty-six. Whats up, Inquisitive Candice?
Nothing much. I was wondering if you had a wife.
Greta looked up from her phone, her face turning white as a sheet. Stan laughed in response. No, never been married. No kids, either. I am getting a little old, though.
Im twenty-nine and Ive never been married, I challenged. No rush, right?
Stans words were precise. I know you dont believe that, either. 
Well
At the rate youre going with Henry, you wont have to worry much longer, said Greta, looking into the woods. 
Ive known him for a day, and we arent dating
Gretas lips tugged into a smile. I can see it. The way you look at each other. She looked over to Stans broad shoulders.
Uh, Ive only said a few words to him. I havent looked at him that much, uh, yeah? I sunk deeper into my seat.
Greta was quiet for a moment. Do you feel the pressure from your parents, Candice?
I was taken aback by the question. What do you mean?
I dont know. I feel that Ellie is rushing into this marriage thing.
I felt it weird she was asking in front of Stan, but I trusted him. He nodded in response. I think so, too. I hadnt met Liam since yesterday, and since last night, Ive seen him maybe three times. Liam is obviously great, but I dont think you should ever rush into something unless youre completely sure what youre doing.
Stan agreed. He checked his rearview mirror, which he never did, but I caught him gazing at Greta. But love is about taking risks. You have to be willing, yes, but I dont think anyone is ready for marriage. Its complex, but its not about being rushed into anything. Its about the maturity of that love.
I didnt expect such tasteful words from Stan. Youre right, Stan. If you never take that risk, youll never be betrothed.
I turned to see Greta biting on her fingernails. Thanks for coming, both of you. I hope this will make Nancys day.
It will, Greta confirmed. No one will expect it.
Stan placed his Aviators higher on the bridge of his nose. Youre doing a good thing, Candice.
I wanted to ask you about something. Greta sat forward in her seat.
Yup?
Ellie wants to have a girls night out Friday.
As in three days from now?
Greta nodded. There is a nice club an hour away. We were going to shop in Asheville, and then have a little bachelorette party. Adle doesnt want Ellie to have one, so this will be a small version of it. Its also the day Shelby and her husband Kip are flying in. It would be you, me, Ellie, and Shelby.
A club? Uh, Im not a clubber, or whatever the term is. Why dont we go shopping and rent a hotel room and have a little party, without drinking preferably.
You really dont like drinking, do you?
I bit my tongue. No, I really dont. And neither should Ellie. You can ask her to explain it to you someday. My voice was acidic, sharp as I said it. I didnt mean to sound nasty. But Ellie of all people shouldnt be drinking.
If I promised you it would just be shopping and a hotel suite, would you come?
Yes, I said, though it wasnt on my agenda of fun-things to do while in North Carolina. However, as the brides bridesmaid, I had to. I was being a pretty awful bridesmaid so far.
Stan looked at me and winked. What was that about? He would probably explain later, without Greta present. Are we going to be fitted for our bridesmaid gowns?
Yeah. They are this beautiful minty green color. Ellie showed me a picture on her phone. You do know her friend from college is coming, right?
Not Jasmine, please say somebody else
Jasmine sounds right.
I agonizingly groaned. I had been shot in the heart. JESUS COME BACK, I moaned.
Is Jasmine the antichrist? asked Stan.
Shes insane. Completely, utterly insane. When is she coming?
Adle didnt invite her to the house. Shes in a hotel in Asheville. Shell be at the bachelorette party.
Can I say Im not going?
Greta smiled. You already promised.
I did. I guess I should go just to help you guys prepare for the devils wife. I slumped in my seat.
She cant be that bad, Greta insisted. She is friends with Ellie, right?
Maybe shes changed. That was the only hope for any of us.
We drifted down the curving road for another thirty minutes before passing a sign that announced we were in Cherokee, North Carolina. The quaint town was nicely located in the hills that cast purple shadows on the valley. We passed a casino before Stan turned onto a road that led us to a tourism office. Maybe the person inside will know Amanda.
We hopped out of the car, and I could smell the fresh mountain air. We entered the small office, decorated in Native American paraphernalia and pamphlets on things to do in the area. A small Indian woman with braided hair and a red sweater greeted us. Welcome to Cherokee.
Hi, I said, distracted by the tingly sound of wind chimes outside. Hello.
How can I help you?
Im looking for someone who lives here. Shes seventeen. Her name is Amanda.
Amanda Featherstone? the woman asked, her brown eyes gleaming. Yes, Amanda lives here. She is at school now, I believe.
Oh, darn. I forgot it is the middle of the day. I suppose we should wait until theyre free. Around what time do they get out of school?
I believe two oclock. She takes the bus home.
Thank you. Is there anything to do for an hour or two before we should find her?
May I ask why you look for Amanda?
Oh, its a surprise. Her mom works a few hours away, as Im sure you know. I want to surprise Nancy by inviting Amanda to Chaucer.
The woman nodded. Amanda is very shy. She is a great friend of my granddaughter. Now, if you only have two hours, I would suggest seeing Mingo Falls. You could go to Oconaluftee Village, which is simply a recreated Indian town, but you only have a few minutes. Grab some hot cocoa from the gas station down the lane, and go see Mingo Falls. Its thirty minutes from here. She handed me a flyer with directions to the spot.
Oh, this is a perfect idea. It will be cold, but thank you. You are very kind.
I followed Stan and Greta back to the car. The two had gathered enough pamphlets to last a lifetime. We did just as the Indian woman instructed: we purchased hot cocoa and beef jerky from a gas station and drove to Mingo Falls. Upon arriving, we learned that we had a quarter of a mile trek to the waterfall.
It was brisk, but we made the journey in a few minutes. The waterfall was so beautiful, highlighting a misty spray that followed a small creek. The leaves were fallen from the trees, but I imagined this place in late-October, when the leaves would be orange and red. How beautiful.
Stan took a picture of Greta and me in front of the falls. Ive lived here for so long, and Ive never been here, Stan admitted. He checked his watch. We need to head back soon. We have a girl to find.
I waved good-bye to Mingo Falls and was happy to feel the warmth in the Jeep. We drove back to Cherokee, where we went to the school. The bell rang and high schoolers jumped out of their form of prison. How are we going to find Amanda? asked Greta.
I didnt think that far ahead, I admitted.
Stan nodded. Some kids are white, others are Indian. We can find her. He pulled the car over near the bus area. There were many kids hopping onto buses, but I spotted a girl who looked just like Nancy. I knew it was her.
I unlatched my seat belt and opened the car door. I scurried to the pretty teenager. Amanda?
She looked up at me and shuddered. Yes?
Hi, Im Candice. I am staying at the Desrosiers homestead.
Oh, Amanda said, recognition clearing her face. Hopefully she wouldnt think I was a serial killer. Mom told me a bunch of people were staying the next few weeks for a wedding. The girl was extremely beautiful. She had silky black hair and clear skin, brown eyes and a beautiful smile.
I dont mean to freak you out, but would you like to come to Chaucer for the day? I mean, only if youd want to. No pressure.
Stan walked up, pulling off his glasses. Hey, Amanda.
Stan! Amanda smiled, hugging him. Is it true? I can come to Chaucer? Ive always wanted to see the Estate.
Youve never been? I asked, breathless.
No. Mom never let me. Something about it being her profession.
She doesnt know that we came here, I explained. Its all a surprise. You see, I almost burned down the house yesterday, and I need to make it up to your mom. I thought it would be perfect if she got to see you. Plus, if youve never been to the Estate, youve got to come. Deal?
Amanda grinned. Yes, but I have school tomorrow. Finals are coming up in the next few weeks.
Would you like to miss just tomorrow? Ill drive you back in the afternoon.
Amanda nodded. Ill call my friend, the girl Im staying with. Lets go. I can borrow some of moms clothes. Were the same size.
We led her to the Jeep. She didnt doubt anything we said, probably because Stan was with us. Thank goodness for Stan.
Amanda placed her backpack on the floor of the Jeep as Greta nicely said, Do you have everything you need, Amanda? We can take you wherever you need to go to get your things. By the way, Im Greta.
Amanda shook her head. No thank you, its okay. Mama and I are the same size. And Ill only be gone a day. Nice to meet you.
Stan backed out of the parking lot, trying to make it out before the buses went haywire. We made it back onto the scenic highway, and Amanda wasnt shy. So, Candice, who are you?
Who am I? Quin soy yo? What a hard question to decipher. Im the sister of the bride, for starters. Im from Arizona. Oh, I have dog named Peppermint! I added exuberantly.
Amanda giggled. Are you married? 
Uh, not yet?
I dont mean to be nosy. Were doing this project in school about marriage. About how women in this generation dont get married anymore.
Well, I said honestly, some of those women cant find the right men to be with. Its more than just not getting married. Do your teachers expect you to marry the first man you see? Oh, people these days.
I agree, Greta cut in. Some girls cant find men who are willing to wait for them to figure out if they want to be stuck with them forever. Marriage isnt a joke, and it shouldnt be treated as a cheesy punch line.
Stan turned a furious shade of red. He seemed to speak directly to Greta. Well, Amanda, if those men ask the women to marry them, and they say not yet, then obviously no one will get married. Especially after years of hiding relationships.
Amandas eyes widened. She pulled out a sheet of paper from her folder and scribbled on it. Will you sign your name? I have to ask five women these following questions.
Greta signed her name, and then I signed. The paper had a bunch of questions and boxes to put yes or no. I handed the paper back to Amanda, and she read Question #2. 
Have you found true love before?
I sighed. Yes.
Greta nodded as well.
Question #3. If you had to pick any attributes of the following, which would it be? Looks, honesty, faithfulness, intelligence or ambitiousness?
All of them, I chirped.
It can only be one.
I rolled my eyes. Honesty. If hes honest, he wouldnt be afraid to voice his true opinions.
Greta answered, Ambitiousness. I want a guy who gets things done. Plus, the others are added bonuses.
Really? Stan asked, stretching his massive biceps. 
Question #4. Why, in your opinion, do people not get married anymore? 
 Because they are afraid, Greta announced. They are extremely afraid.
I agree with Greta. And its easier not to. Its easier just to cohabitate, but with marriage, its deeper. A deeper meaning. A meaning in which you put your spouse on the pedestal above yourself. It shows more of a commitment.
Amanda continued her questions for the next hour, with frequent upheavals by Greta and Stan. The two were so angry at each other that I could tell they were in love. Amanda and I shot troubled glances back and forth. She was thinking the same thing I was thinking.
We made it back to the Estate by mid-afternoon, and Amanda gasped when she saw the tree-lined driveway, and the massive chateau highlighted by sunset. This is where my mother works? She has shown me pictures, but they dont do justice.
The girls mouth never shut. Her bashfulness was evident for a second, but after, she was a Chatty Cathy. We entered the garage, where I promised Peppermint Id be right back to take her for a walk, and Amanda almost fainted when she saw her favorite car, an Audi. 
Inside, we led the teenager through the great room to the kitchen, where Nancy was scrubbing the granite countertops. When she spotted her daughter, she dropped the rag and raced to her. Id never seen a woman so happy.
Amanda!
Mama!
Nancy cried as she held onto her daughter. Then, she scolded her. How in Gods name did you get here? It is a Tuesday night, young lady. You should be at home studying! I do not send
Mama, Candice, Stan, and Greta brought me.
Nancy looked up to our three eager faces. Stan looked queasy. Did Nancy have that kind of power over everyone? You brought her? she squeaked. Why?
You talked about how you never get to see her. And I told you I wanted to make up for yesterday.
Nancy walked to me and hugged me. I actually thought she was going to strangle me, but instead, her warm arms wrapped around my neck. She was many inches shorter, but she stood on her tip toes to hold me. You are so sweet, Candice. Would you allow time between my daughter and me?
Of course. I promised Amanda Id drive her back tomorrow so she can study for upcoming tests.
Nancy was crying now. Thank you, thank you, Candice. Thank you. She turned, and wrapping her arms diligently around her daughter, they went upstairs.
We did a good thing, I whispered to Stan and Greta, but when I turned around, they werent there. I was alone in the kitchen, talking to myself.
I went to the fridge, which was completely arranged by food product, grabbed a slice of turkey, and headed back to the garage. I took Peppermint outside for a little walk. We weaved around the trees on a newly discovered wooded trail. Oh, Pep, we never got to see the garden or the pool!
Pep barked in response, and we walked around the beautiful house to the back porch, where the million-dollar pool glistened. It was sea-green, illuminated by colored lights, with four stone waterfalls. It was huge, salt-water, and extravagant. But my eyes werent focused on that.
The garden. It was absolutely stunning. Adle had a green thumb, for sure. I dropped Peps leash, and the puppy ran around in circles, but I stood with my eyes focused on the roses. Roses bloomingin December? What kind of creation was this?
There was a simple path through the middle of the huge garden. Every type of flower was at bloom, every type of beautiful treemagnolia, wisteria, oak. I wondered why they were all blooming this early, but I didnt question. I found a gazebo a few minutes later and a bench with a heart carved in it. Birds chirped, and I couldnt breathe.
I chased crazy Peppermint for a few minutes before going back inside. No one was home from the golf match, and since my other companions were missing, I went back into the library. I hadnt realized it before, but it spanned two stories, with a weaving staircase to the second balcony. I cried as I entered the safe place.
I found a random book, plopped onto a couch, and read for two hours. I fell asleep, and it wasnt until someone jolted me that I screamed.
Eels!
What did you say?
I looked up to see a familiar face. For a split second, I hoped it was Henry, but it was his look-a-like brother. Oh, Liam! Its you!
Are you okay, Candice? You kind of scared me there.
Im fine. II had a dream about eels. It was pretty scary.
With his help, I stood, but fell back onto the couch because I was drunk from so many words. Sorry, Liam. Youre probably thinking, What family in the world am I marrying into and what is wrong with her sister? But Ellie is so great, I yawned. Precisely.
Candice, are you okay?
Huh? Yeah, Im swell.
I stood up, not wanting to tell him I had been dreaming of Henry. It was a sweet, clipped dream  punctual, yet very much to the point. Henry proposed to me in a field of red roses. I think it was distinctly December, too, because snow was falling onto his eyelashes.
You seem pale.
Maybe I need some water, I agreed, leaning onto his taut arms for support. Liam?
Yes, Candice?
How was your golf thingy?
Tournament, you mean? It was, well, swell, he smiled. Although Ellie didnt have much fun. She stayed in the cabana all day. The rest of us teamed up against each other. Papy, Father, and I against many of the men from a nearby villa. We smoked em, but it would have been better if Henry was there.
I blushed, remembering the dream. Yes. Any word on when hell get back?
I talked to him earlier this morning. His patient is doing better, but he expects at least a week for her recovery.
A week?
Liam laughed. So, you do like my older brother, do you? Yes, Candice, but hes coming home tomorrow morning.
Buthis patient?
She will be watched by the best doctors in Dallas. Henry wanted to make sure she was going to be good enough for his friend Dr. Rosio to monitor.
I do not like your brother, I insisted, swatting Liam. Hes despicable.
Despicable? Liam laughed. Normally, I would agree with you, but I think you really mean wonderful, because everyone was talking about the two of you last night.
They were? I tried to hide my face.
You guys were gone for nearly an hour. Mama was worried sick that you two were falling in love. Ellie was embarrassed about the fish thing, which was extremely awesome, by the way. Everyone else thought you and my brother would be splendid together. Quote from Aunt Genevieve: They would have the best-looking babies in all the South.
I shuddered. Children? This is a little presumptuous. I mean, I dont even know if Henry truly likes me
Liam handed me a bottle of water, and leaned against the countertops. I sat on one of the bar stools. You think he doesnt care for you already? Henry is an old, wise soul. He meets women, but none of them ever catch his true heart. Hes got a long history, and his reservations come from past mistakes. From the moment I saw you stumbling with that dog of yours, I could tell Henry was watching from afar. He doesnt fall in love easily, Candice. Think about it.
This is preposterous. Weve known each other for a day.
Liam stuck a grape in his mouth. So? My parents knew each other for four years before they married. I will say, though, that I have a distant aunt who married a man she knew for three weeks. And theyre a couple who is still in love.
I crashed my head against the counter, my hair splaying all around. Thanks, Liam, I mumbled. Then, I stood up and sashayed to him. I grabbed his collar and angrily gritted my teeth, However, since you are marrying my sister, dont think I almost forgot about the interrogation.
In-terr-o-gation? he groaned as I pushed him into the living room.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. You could be a serial killer for all I know, Liam Desrosiers. Youre going to take a quiz.
A quiz?
I found a piece of paper nearby and threw a pencil at him. Write your answer on the paper. Well see how you do.
Liam smiled. All right.
I paced across the oriental rug. How old are you? Be specific.
Days and years? Years and days?
Seconds, I demanded. I didnt wait for him to do the math. Question two. What do you see in Ellie that made you fall for her?
He furiously wrote across the paper. Was he writing a book? Question three. What part of France is your family from?
How does that
Shut your mouth. Question four.  Why are you in such a rush to marry my sister? And question five. Do you realize what family you are marrying into?
I grabbed the scrap piece of paper from his tan hands and he broke out into a grin. Candice Michelin, you really have no other like you.
Stop the flattery, LeeAnne. Now, Im going to read your answers, and I will tell you if you passed.
1. How old are you? Twenty-five years, six months, twelve days, three minutes, and two seconds. It was obvious he guessed on the last part, but I continued.
2. What do you see in Ellie that made you fall for her? Her smile. She has her quirks, but at the end of the day, I know I can count on her, especially when I see her smile. She has dimples, and they highlight her face.
3. What part of France is your family from? The Mediterranean side. We are from Le Cannet, not far from Cannes or Monaco. 
4. Why are you in such a rush to marry my sister? Like I told you earlier, Candice. My distant aunt and her husband knew each other for 30 days before they married. And they are still in love. I want my relationship with Ellie to be even better than that. I want to be with your sister more than anything because I love her.
5. Do you know what family youre marrying into? Well, you must ask this question assuming I will pass the quiz, but honestly, I wouldnt care if Ellies family were Communists. The family is an added bonus, but Ellie is whom I am marrying, and she matters the most to me. Your family cant be as weird as mine, Candice. Ive met them.
I fell into a chair, refusing to let Liam see the tears his truthful questions brought to my eyes. Did I pass?
I threw the paper at him in consternation. Yeah.
Well, before you know it, Ill be quizzing you, Candice.
What makes you say that?
I have a feeling that Henry will want to take things very fast.
Why do you say that?
Liam almost said something before shutting his eyes. Whatever he was to say, he stopped and instead, said, Hes getting older. Thirty-one. I know he wants as many children as he can have, and he wants to be a young father. And why wait when youre in love?
Henry will be a great father.
Liam tugged on his sleeves. I wouldnt be saying all this to you, Candice, if I didnt think youd agree. Most women would turn and flee. But you have no equivalent.
Thanks, Liam, I said, wiping a loose tear from my cheek. I cant wait to be an aunt for your children.
Liam hugged me. Candice, this is a joyful time. Dont be upset.

***

I SPENT THE rest of the afternoon in my bedroom writing. I wrote letters to Stacey and Reesey, to Mom and Dad in Italy, and then worked on my manuscripts. Afterwards, I decided to outline a dream I had. I placed the piece of paper in my journal of short stories.

Roses in December: A Short Story
By Candice Michelin

WHEN I WAS a young girl, I never dreamed of the dress Id walk down the aisle in or the ring Id wear on my finger. I only thought about the man who would stand at the altar, his hands in his pockets, my future husband. He wouldnt be looking at anyone but me. His eyes and my eyes would be glued together. The walk down the aisle would take a lifetime, but when we held hands to say our vows, we both would break down in tears.
I knew things would be different with Huxley. He did things to make me happy. He pleased everyone but himself until we met. We knew each other for a few days before he drove me to a field in the middle of nowhere. The country air was electrified by his presence in my life.
I followed him into the trees, and there, in the snow of a cold December afternoon, thousands of rose petals surrounded us. It was a mirage of red, and I fell to the ground to make a snow angel. He lay beside me, laughing and tickling me until our lips met. Before anything could happen, he pulled out a tiny box wrapped in blue velvet. 
Would you marry me? Huxleys blue eyes matched the velvet wrapping.
I looked at him, aghast. Weve only known each other for a few days.
I dont want to lose you, he replied, stroking my hair. He repeated his question. Marry me.
I sat up, the roses mingling with my hair. II dont know what to say.
Dont say anything, then, he said, pushing the ring onto my finger as he kissed me.
I stared at the ring on my skinny hand. I wanted to tell him the truth. That I needed time, I needed to think. But he didnt give me a chance. He continued kissing me, but with a quick glance to my ring finger, I noticed that it was gone. Huxley! I yelled. The ring!
He looked at my finger, confusion etching every contour of his face. He dug through the endless roses. They were multiplying now. I dug through a heap of them, but I never could find the grass beneath. 
The ring, he mouthed, digging through the flowers.
A single tear fell down my cheek. Without hesitation, I touched his arm. Dont worry about the ring.
Why? Its your engagement ring.
I dont want it, I cried. The dam in my soul was about to break.
What do you mean?
I shook my head. I dont want it, I repeated.
The roses were increasing now, and they were up to my stomach. It was like quicksand. Snow mixing with roses. The snow fell onto my cheeks, rejuvenating life into my breath, but Huxley stood up and walked away, anger sketching his eyes. He didnt look back.
I screamed, reaching out for him. Huxley! Dont leave!
The ruby roses were up to my neck now, ready to suffocate me. I squirmed, wanting to walk away like Huxley had, but I was stuck. A single rose fell into my palm as I was screaming with pleas, and I felt the ring. I held it up, screaming, Huxley! Huxley! Huxley! wishing I had agreed to marry him.
It was too late. The roses continued to rise, and they covered my head. My eyes closed, and the ring fell to the top of the leaves.

***

THAT NIGHT, I put on my parka and walked to the end of the driveway, a good quarter-mile to put my mail in the mailbox. I used the last of my stamps, but I didnt want to bother Stan again about driving me somewhere magnificent.
I was quiet walking back to the house. Adle was back from the barn, but she announced that there wouldnt be an organized dinner tonight, either. She went back into her master bedroom to have a warm, lily-lined bath. Jean and Liam were working on a project in the study area, a room I hadnt seen. Aunt Genevieve, Papy, and Greta went to Asheville to see a musical performance. I wondered where Ellie was.
I went back inside, my cheeks red, and went into her bedroom. She wasnt there. However, I saw a book lying haphazardly on the sheets near a wine glass. What was up with her? I reached for the glass, but I dropped it when I saw the title of the book.
Shards of glass exploded into my hand as it crashed to the floor. I yelped in pain, but nothing could quench the feeling that was in my stomach. I picked up the book, my hands bleeding. Through the haze, I could clearly read: What to Expect When Youre Expecting. 
A blast of the opera Carmen filled my head. When I had mentioned to Liam earlier that I couldnt wait to be an aunt, I hadnt meant that I needed to be an aunt at that exact, precise moment. But I guess genies really do grant wishes. I tucked the book into my sweater and bustled to my room. I hid it under my pillow before going back to clean up the fallen glass and my bleeding hand. 

***

ELLIE WALKED INTO my bedroom two hours later, her hair in complete disarray, anger in her eyes. Did you take my book, Candice?
I sat up. Tonight, I was in a tank top with pajama bottoms, my feet cozy in my favorite fuzzy socks. I had a cleansing remedy on my face and my glasses were on the bridge of my nose. I pulled the book from behind the pillow and lifted my gauzed, band-aided hand. I was over-exaggerating the bandages, but I wanted to make a point to my little sister.
When I found out you got your first boyfriend before me, I was upset, I said, my blood bubbling. I was happy I was engaged before you, but then Kurt wasnt the one. Now, youre going to get married before me. But getting pregnant before me? I threw the book at her. That is my jealous response. Im not even done, Elizabeth.
You! I wanted to rip her hair out. Youre drinking while youre pregnant? You need help, Ellie. You cant do this to the baby. Im an aunt now, and Im not letting you drink till you get wasted so you can
Its not me, Ellie bit her lip.
What? 
Its Greta, Ellie mumbled. She didnt want me to tell anyone.
Greta? I couldnt believe what I was hearing. Was it possible? Greta, the shy, meek girl?
Ellie didnt miss a beat. Yes. Can you believe it? I didnt want to tell anyone, sis.
So, why did you have her book?
I was keeping it for her. She comes to my room a lot, like last night.
And you left it open like that? You didnt expect anyone would find it? Thats not very smart. If Greta doesnt want anyone to know, I chided. Please, Ellie, be careful. I pulled my breathless sister into a hug. Who is the father? Am I allowed to ask?
She trembled. Sorry, I got a chill. Um, Im not sure.
Well, I guess well find out soon enough. I need to go congratulate herShe is getting married, right? A baby to the world is a gift worth celebrating!
Well, Im not sure. But please, Candi, dont tell her I told you this. Its supposed to stay under lock and key. She doesnt want anyone to know. Shell murder me if she finds out I told you. So, please, dont mention it to her.
I nodded. Okay, if you insist. All right, Ellie, I probably should tell you that I gave Liam a quiz today.
A quiz? What do you mean? She rubbed her temples.
A simple five-question quiz dealing with what kind of man Liam is. I cant let my baby sister marry a Camaro lover, now can I? My job as
What was on the quiz? Ellie hid her face. 
Questions. Im not telling you specifically.
Well, when you marry Henry, Im going to make him take a quiz, and see how you like it.
And Liam already promised to make me take a quiz. Wow, what a way to shoot myself in the foot.
I sat down on the bed as Ellie asked, What happened to your hand?
In a moment of desperate shock, I saw the pregnancy book, thinking it was yours, and how Mom would have a conniption if she realized you were pregnant without being married. I dropped the glass, and my hand is living proof of my shock. Expect my lawyers to give you a call.
Oh, Candice. Always so klutzy. And Kurt? Is he your lawyer? she snickered.
I punched her arm. Thanks, Elle. Now, lets watch soap operas on Telemundo.


Chapter Eight


THE NEXT MORNING, I woke to fresh, crisp violets in front of my door. It was nearly eleven oclock. I slept in longer than I anticipated. I reached down for the flowers and the card neatly wrapped inside. A single letter told me exactly who it was from. H.
I inquisitively marched over to Ellies room. We had spent the night drowning ourselves in tissues from laughter. This morning, though, Ellie was punctually sitting on her bed flipping through a magazine. Did you see Henry drop these off?
Ellie looked up. She was a Barbie doll this morning. No. He arrived an hour ago. I think hes downstairs with Liam and Jean.
I nodded. I went back to my room, brushed my teeth, and put my contacts in. Without further ado, I padded down the stairs in my slippers. A conservative sweatshirt was now covering my tank top, and I bustled into the kitchen.
Henry was the only one there. He was in a t-shirt and pajama pants as well. His dark brown hair was messy and his socks were rojo-red. So, there was a time in his life when he wasnt perfectly dressed. And I liked it. I turned pink with embarrassment when he noticed me. He placed his orange juice mug down and ignored the newspaper he was reading.
Candice? Morning.
I smiled, sitting on a bar stool. There was no getting around him. If I was honest with myself, I had missed him so much over the past day. Uh, hi.
His shirt was a little tight around his arms, but he didnt care. He smiled at me and poured a glass of milk. Here. Is there anything else youd like? Eggs? A pancake? Perhaps Diet Coke?
Oh, Im good. I waved my hand before nervously tugging on my palm tree necklace.
He shook his head. I can tell your stomach is aching for food. 
There was leftover batter near the stove. You know, I can make my own pancake.
No. Sit down.
Why? You were the one who just flew in from Dallas. Let me make my food. Let me make your food.
Candice, you can make my food for lunch. Deal?
Well, that would mean Id have to see you for lunch, and I dont know if thats acceptable...
He stretched over the countertops, his face inches from mine. And why not?
I couldnt think. Because your socks are red.
Whats wrong with my lucky socks? he said, breaking away. I could tell he was finding it humorous.
Did you leave those violets for me?
No, I left them for Ellie.
I squeaked, Oh.
Really, Candice? You think I would leave those violets for Ellie? Theyre for you.
Thank you.
Some would say this isnt acceptable. Preferably my mother.
I yawned. What do you mean?
You. Me. In the kitchen, both in our pajamas.
Why are you dressed like that if you hopped off a plane a few hours ago?
I took a thirty-minute nap.
Hows your patient?
Henry nodded gently. Exceptionally better. She wasnt doing too well the day before yesterday. I think she needed someone to sit and tell her shed be okay. I left her in good hands with my colleague.
That was nice of you.
And it was nice of you to bring Amanda.
You heard about that?
In the time span of five minutes, he handed me a perfectly crisp pancake with golden syrup. I gobbled it down in seconds. Yes. Liam told me about it. And how you quizzed him.
I shrugged. It needed to be done.
Why dont we go on a hike this afternoon? Make a picnic lunch. Ill take you on the trail.
You dont have a golf thing to go to? 
Henry chuckled. Thats tomorrow. So, why dont we get dressed and go for a hike? Its chilly outside, but better than the past few days.
Really? My eyes lit up. An adventure.
You could bring Peppermint.
She would chase after bears and stuff. I think well go. Ill make it up to Peppermint later.
Wow, this is a step. You trust me enough to go on a hike without Pep. Whens my quiz going to be?
I rolled my eyes. Keep it up, and youll be alone on that hike. Ill start preparing sandwiches for our trek then. The pancake was really good, by the way. Thanks.
I sidled next to him. He was cleaning up the mess and covering the leftover batter with saran wrap. He looked at me casually for a moment before nodding. I hope.
We worked like this in flirtatious silence for the next few minutes. I made turkey sandwiches on wheat bread while he cleaned. Occasionally, wed bump elbows, and Id be caught off-guard. Finally, I said, I didnt think a Desrosiers could be able to do the dishes.
And I didnt expect a Michelin to make such delicious-looking sandwiches.
I bit my lip, trying to combat the smile that was forming. Shush. I may have them all to myself. Then what you gonna do?
What happened to your hand? he asked suddenly.
I looked down to my bandaged wrist. Oh.
He washed his hands and carefully took my hand in his. May I?
Always such a gentleman. I blinked as he caressed my hand. Should I pretend I was an ailing, faint Southern woman? Nah. I was already feeling faint being so near to him.
I winced as he loosened the bandage. Candice, there is glass in your hand.
How do you know?
I can feel it. Come on.
He didnt let go. We passed the great room to the foyer, where we climbed the steps. Instead of making a left to my room, we turned right. I hadnt been down this hallway. We passed a giant media room, and then he turned into a corner space, a massive area with sports teams decorating the walls. Henrys room was immaculate like I expected, with a similar chandelier and steps leading to an alcove nearby. Books decorated shelves everywhere.
He reached into a drawer, pulling out a small box filled with instruments. He took a scalpel, and led me to his bathroom. Were going to fix your hand, Candice. I need you to be patient, all right? Were going to put your hand in some warm water to see if the glass will come out that way. If not, Im going to need to cut it out.
Henry, you dont
He shook his head. No, Candice. I do. The skin could grow around the glass, and then what? Listen to your doctor, he added with a wink.
He gently removed the bandage from my hand and filled the sink with warm water. Will it hurt?
It will sting. Youll be okay. And how did you do this? You really are a klutz.
I waswell, picking up a wine glass from my sisters room. It dropped into a million pieces.
And you didnt pay attention to the fact that you have glass in your hand?
With the impending pregnancy and Henrys return, no, I didnt pay attention. No.
He placed my hands in the warm water, and it relaxed the muscles. He made me stay like this for a good few minutes as he washed the scalpel. Finally, he decided that the bigger shards were removed and he would check my hand for smaller pieces.
He led me into his bedroom, where he pulled out a magnifying glass. What do you have in here?
A bunch of knickknacks.
He sat me at his desk, and he positioned himself on his knees. He tenderly examined my hand. When he spotted a tiny piece, he held my other hand and took the scalpel in the other. It stung, but he got the glass out with one swift motion. I think youre okay now, Candice.
Thank you.
He smiled before standing up. Well, we should finish making lunches downstairs. Not you, though. Your hand needs to heal. He took medical wrap from another drawer to shield my hand from injury. 

***

THIRTY MINUTES LATER, donned in hats, scarves, and gloves, with our picnic lunches in tow, Henry and I walked outside. It was cold and my hand was tightly protected by bandages and gloves, but I was feeling exhilarated because of the wind. Well, the wind was making me nervous. But so was Henry.
Come on. He led, taking charge of our expedition.
We found the path I had found a day earlier. It curved into the woods, and Henry said it went on for miles and miles. I was hoping we wouldnt go that far. I followed him. There arent any bears, right?
Well, if youre a liberal, you wont want to hear this.
What does that have to do with anything?
My dad and Liam like to hunt.
Bears? I cried.
I dont think we have to worry about any bears. If so, well just hand them the lunches.
Funny.
The trail weaved into the nature life. We were closely together, closer than ever before. For a few minutes, we were silent again. Birds from the north chirped. Are your parents enjoying Italy?
I think so. I havent talked to them in a few days.
Its beautiful there.
Really? It looks awesome. Id love to go to Venice.
Why?
The food, the canal boats, the cathedrals. It looks so romantic, too. A romanticists dream. Anyway, whats the plan for tonight? Are we going to have a formal dinner? Im never going to get to talk to your family. Adles always riding horses, Jean and Liam are at work, and Papy and Genevieve are always doing stuff together.
Its not necessarily bad, though. We get to spend more time together, right?
After a brisk winter walk, we reached our destination. It was a small lake with a sturdy dock. The water was crystal blue, the richness of Henrys eyes, and I followed him onto the wood platforms. Liam and I used to come out here a lot. Wed fish together.
Why dont you? You should take him out here before his big day.
Henry touched the dock. I dont know if that Liam would want to come out here.
What do you mean?
Liam has changed. Im sure I have, too, but Liamhe has more important things. Specifically, re-launching Dads company.
Re-launching? Im not sure I understand.
Henry breathed into his hands. Its not doing so well, Candice. Were set for life, but my dad counts his company as another kid. He has thousands who work for him, and they depend on him. Liam had a great idea to re-establish the company so those families could have another Christmas without stress.
Will it work?
Time will tell.
I saw a fish jump out of the lake. Why did you become a doctor?
Henry turned, his eyes smiling before his lips. Why did you become a writer, Candice? I love helping people. Ive always wanted to be able to look into a persons eyes and tell them theyre going to be okay. My father and Liam help people through their company, but it wasnt for me. I knew I needed to go into medical school to help people another way.
I guess I became a writer because I didnt know what else to do with my life.
Thats not the real reason. He threw a stone into the water, watching the ripples on the pretty lake.
Im not successful, I pointed out. I work at a newspaper. Im sure you know how unwise of a career that is. The papers around the country are going under.
Not everyone starts out successful, Candice. You have plenty of time. Youre young. There are still people out there who read the newspapers, and Im one of them. It will be okay.
I thought about his words. Where can we eat our lunch?
Henry glanced over the water. We could eat here. It might be cold, though.
I sat down on the pier. It was cold, but letting my legs dangle from the ledge reminded me of my childhood. I opened the packed lunches and dug into my sandwich before Henry sat down. Im sorry, I whispered. I was hungry.
Who is the man here?
I swatted him, the first time I had openly done so. He sat beside me and inhaled his turkey. He smiled approvingly. That was a great sub, Cand. It was the best one Ive had in forever.
Better than the fish from two days ago, thats for sure. At that moment, Shakiras song Hips Dont Lie blared from my phone. I gritted my teeth as I pulled the piece of technology onto my palm. Henry was laughing hysterically.
Its my Hispanic friend. She made me pick this ringtone for her phone.
Sure. He dropped a grape into his mouth. Are your friends as?
Eccentric? Oh, worse. We are the definition of the Color of Friendship, but thats not why were friends. Stacey, Reesey, and I have been tight since college. We were the only three out of our class who spent every waking moment studying until we graduated, and then every moment crying because of soap operas and TV movies on LMN.
Henry licked his lips. By chanceis your Latina friend
I could see where this was going. You have the perfect man for Reesey?
My roommate is single. Rosio is his name. Want a picture of him?
He showed me a picture from his phone, and I gasped. Henrys friend was tan, with short black hair and bright green eyes. His skin was a beautiful shade of tan, and his smile was enchanting. Can you send me this? I have to show Reesey. Shes going to fly to Texas as soon as she gets the message.
Look at us. Matchmakers.
Yet we cant even match ourselves, I remarked. So, Henrietta, whats your favorite color?
Thats a random question. He stood, and helped me up. Red.
No way. Mine, too.
Youre a girl, he protested.
Lets not start with gender issues. Girls can do it better. I stuck out my tongue. And let me remind you. We the ones who be havin da babies.
It takes two to make one.
I dont need a science lesson, Doctah.
He stood close to me, and wrapped his arms around my waist. Well, that means wed have to go to another picnic, but its so cold.
Freezing, I squeaked. I think Im okay now, though.
Me too.
Well.
Yeah. He licked his lips. I have something to tell you, he declared, leading me from the dock. I said good-bye to the water. Id be back someday. Well, something to bet you on.
Another bet? Oh, Lord.
Its not bad, he whispered into my ear. I wont beat around the bush. Whoever makes it to the lawn in front of the house wins.
An athletic competition? No doubt Ill win. What do I get? I crinkled my nose.
I dont know. A sticker?
I was thinking something else.
And?
I shyly whispered, A kiss.
His eyes glimmered. And if I win, I take you to a fancy dinner tomorrow night at the resort.
Without a moment to spare, I broke away from him, sprinting as fast as I could down the path. I was afraid I would fall and twist my ankle, but somehow I made it out of the woods unscathed. I looked back one time, squealing my head off like an eel (do eels squeal?) to see his long legs right behind my own. There was no way I was letting him win. 
I knew he was taunting me. He could pass me in a heartbeat. However, I saw the green grass sprouting on the manicured lawn of the Estate, and without thinking, I flopped on my stomach to make it to the grass before him. At the last second, I saw Henry rush past me. He won.
He fell to the grass beside me. I turned onto my back, and gazed up to look at the clouds. That wasnt fair, I said.
He lay beside me, stretching his arms. You got a good three-second head start. I thought girls were better in everything?
I stared at him for a moment. I probably looked like a diseased squirrel, but I couldnt help it. He watched the blue winter sky with me. I wasnt much of a touchy-feely kind of person, so I didnt reach out to place my hand in his, but he saw me looking. 
I think I won the bet, he whispered.
I was close, though.
Yeah, you were. Without further ado, he leaned over and our lips met. It wasnt a provocative kiss. It was gentle. Neither of us moved. It was only a sweet, friendly kiss. I was proud of the both of us. With Kurt, I always thought he wanted to rip my clothes off. With Henry, I could count that I would be myself and he still would think I was pretty cool.
I was the one who turned on my side. I have an Enya song in my head.
Which one?
We both stared into the sky. I knew things were about to change here. It wasnt only about to be Ellies wedding day, but it might signify the beginning of another meaningful relationship. China Roses, I whispered. I would sing it, but I dont want to ruin the moment.
He began to hum the song. Cand, my mom used to adore Enya. We have all the CDs in the house.
Used to? I still adore Enya with all my heart!
He carefully sat up, brushing strands of grass from his jacket. I have a reservation to make.
He helped me stand. I need to call Reesey back. So I can send her the picture of your friend.
His name is Enrico Rosio. Hes also a doctor.
The one you trust?
With my life.
I nodded. It was a fun day, Henry. I know its not over, but its been great so far.
We walked beside each other into the house. While I made the phone call to Reesey, I realized that Henry and I werent only matchmakers for our friends, but for ourselves. And it hit me like a bullet: loving someone felt so good. I just wasnt sure I would make the night.


Chapter Nine


ADLE SUMMONED ME into her master bathroom a few hours later. I chewed on my nails continuously as I walked through a beautiful gold hallway, into her stellar, extravagantly decorated bedroom, and to her personal bathroom. She was lying in a rose-petal bath, her eyes covered with cucumbers, her hair pinned on top of her head. This was very personal from a woman I did not talk to and who probably loathed me.
I envied her stone-cut bathroom. Everything seemed to be made of stone. The huge, walk-in shower, the brilliantly sculpted bathtub illuminated by thousand-dollar chandeliers lurking all over the place, and long mirrors to highlight the beauty of this one room in the Estate. It was spectacular. But I was distracted by Adle, sitting up in the water.
She wasnt shy. She removed a cucumber from her eyelid, and her blue eyes peaked out. Well, dear, hello. I suppose you and Henry had a nice walk, hmm?
I wanted to cover my eyes. Seeing the half-naked mother of the man I was flirting with was awkward enough. It was wonderful. My voice came out like a mouses squeak.
Adle knew she was intimidating me. You know, I am very happy he has found a new woman.
Aa new woman? I questioned awkwardly.
Adle lifted a rose to her nose. She inhaled the smell. My son, Henry, well, he can be precocious. He meets girls all the time, but only picks ones he hasnt seen before.
What do you mean?
Adles lips curved into a grin. He could have any woman on this planet, Candice. He has had many girls, I might add, but he never stays with them.
Why not?
Adle stood, water dripping from her body. She stepped out from the tub. This was way too personal for me, so I backtracked. Ya know, I have to call my mom?
Adle snickered. Candice, her name was Piper. He never got over her. Ask him about her one time.
I blinked. Why was she telling me this? Well, thanks, uh, Ill see you later?
Precisely.

***

AFTER THE WEIRD conference with Adle, I walked into the kitchen, where Amanda sat with a crooked grin. I totally forgot about the project! Amanda! Do you need me to drive you
Nancy walked in, her eyes bright. No, no that isnt necessary. Amanda will be staying this weekend. She has already called her teachers, who have obliged to send her work via email.
Really? Thats wonderful, Amanda.
Amanda tugged on her silky black hair. Thank you, Candice. Ive loved every moment here.
Is Adle okay with this? I asked Nancy while I heated a leftover muffin.
Nancy hugged me quickly. Yes. Jean is too. They said Amanda can come every weekend if she wants. Thank you so much, Candice. You are the best.
I hugged the small woman back. I had to show you that I was so sorry.
Im thankful you couldnt cook. Now, I must teach you.
I laughed. Yes, you will, but I need to find Ellie. Have you seen her lately?
Your sister? Amanda asked.
Yes.
She went with Liam into town.
Okay, I said. Are we finally going to have a family dinner tonight?
Yes, I believe so. Cooked by our own cook, Bentley. Hes preparing the food in a few hours. But you can scarf as much as you want now, Candice.
I rubbed my belly. I sure did have a sweet tooth. I went into the pantry, grabbed a box of Wheat Thins, and headed to the garage to see Peppermint. Instead, I saw Jean leaning over the engine of an old car.
Hi, Jean.
Jean looked back at me, his beautiful face pleasant. Hello, Miss Candice. I havent seen much of you today. I heard you were on a rendezvous with my son.
I blushed crimson and walked closer to him. Yes, Jean, that is true. Your son is a gentleman.
Have you two been together already? Jean asked without hesitation.
I turned beet red. Excuse me? my voice cracked.
Jean closed the hood of his antique car and smiled. His face was covered in a black substance. You two? Youve made love, no?
I was shocked. Uh, um, no
Jeans eyes lit up. Good, Candice. That means youve finally broken the spell.
Spell?
Jean kissed my forehead. You will surely find out, my dear. You are very special. He turned his back on me.



I COULDNT HANDLE another comment about Henrys mysterious past, so I went to his room. He wasnt there, but I found a leather-bound journal on his bed. Afraid it was a diary, I didnt want to look, but I picked it up, seeing a poem.

She was able to turn a poor man rich,
A rich man poor, all for her favor.
No man could resist her, not one
Yet she didnt see the one she truly loved.

Her eyelashes had drops of snow,
Her lips chilled me to the bone.
I was a man  she a woman,
But I had never cared about another until I met her.

I dropped the book and hurried away. Tears flooded my eyes. Was I pregnant? I shouldnt be emotional. Who knows whom he was talking about. I scurried out of his room to the library, where I found an alcove of strictly horror novels to pass the time. I didnt have anywhere to be, so I read.
It didnt take a long time for my mind to wander. I thought of home, where Stacey and Reesey were probably eating fish tacos at the Shack on the grounds of the Catalina State Park. I wanted to be with them. If there was a way to teleport the normal heat of Tucson to the mountains of North Carolina, Henry included, I would be blissful. I couldnt help but feel melancholy without my girls.
My mind drifted to Henrys proposal. We would go on a date. Our first official date. Would that classify as dating? I needed to call Reesey again. She would know what to wear. Stacey would clue me in on what to talk about and how to win Henry over with charm and grace. 
Having fun?
I looked up to see Aunt Genevieve, her long, gray hair pinned back. She had a friendly, wrinkled face, with pink lips and dark eyes. I wasnt sure if they were dark brown or blue, but they were pretty. She sat beside me on the sofa, and she placed her hands in her lap. Hi, Auntie.
My dear, she enthused. I heard that you and my nephew went on a little walk this afternoon.
I sat up, tugging on my socks. Its true. We went to the lake a mile or so away. It was cold, but worth it.
Would you like to hear how I met Papy? To warm your spirits a little, my child?


Part II

Chapter Ten
FROM THE PERSPECTIVE OF AUNTIE GENEVIEVE


MY NAME AT the time was Genevieve Beaulieu, born in 1949 Paris. My father died in the Algerian War when I was seven. Therefore, my family grew up in poverty. There were five children. My eldest brother, Thomas, fought in the war, but he managed to live. 
During this time, things in France were shaky, instability ruling the streets. We were in the midst of war, and by the time I was thirteen, the government was collapsing. Since my family was poor, my mother moved us to London, where we were thrust into a world where only English was spoken.
I was fourteen-years-old in 1963. I wore handmade dresses to school, and my mom fixed my hair into long, yellow braids, the color of Gretas hair. We had no money, and it was a simple respite to have my hair tied by my mother. She worked so hard in those days. 
She was a seamstress who took the bus to work every day. She left at dawn and didnt return home until past darkness, so it was left to my sisters and me to prepare dinner. I was the eldest daughter, and it was my responsibility to oversee the food processing.
There were five of us children. Thomas was peculiar. By the time of his fighting in the Algerian War, he was in his early twenties. Mama and Papa had him young, when she was sixteen and he twenty. Thomas was a fierce soul. He believed he could do everything and anything at a superior level. He wasnt overly intelligent, but he knew how to shoot a gun with precision and accuracy. He made a fine soldier. 
Next was my brother Armand. He was a sassy youngster at the time of my birth. He told me he angrily spat at the ground after I was born. Armand and I had a funny relationship. He claimed he was Jacob and Thomas was Esau, and that I was Esther. I didnt understand him, but our charades lasted until he went to Algeria. Armand returned home three years after he left, minus one limb and any remainder of a heart. Armand had become a man during the Wars span, but none of us were proud of him. Thomas was a hero, but Armand was not. I didnt know why until I was older. And that will be revealed later.
Five years after Armands birth, the first daughter of Gabriel and Galina Beaulieu was born. A daughter named Genevieve. 
A few years later, Mama birthed twins, Ruth and Havilah.  They grew up to be equally spoiled, as they were the youngest and both girls. They were Papas favorites until he died. We rarely saw Papa, but he liked them because they had unusual red hair and green eyes, uncommon for the area of Paris we were from.
My mother was Russian, which was equally strange for the Beaulieu family. She emigrated from her country after converting to Catholicism and marrying a French man who practiced pacifism until his country came first. However, my mother was always a devoted housewife, and she practiced pacifism her whole life. She never laid a hand against any of us. She was gentle.
In that spring of 1963, the year I was fourteen, I was cooking with Ruth and Havilah. We knew Mama wouldnt be home for another few hours, but we were hungry and our apartment was growing dark. It was still chilly outside in the dank sea air, but we were content to stay by the small stove to cook spaghetti.
The twins fought constantly. I was the peacemaker between them, but that night, Ruth clutched her fist and popped Havilah in the lip. I dont know what they were arguing about, but I scolded them and told them to stop attacking each other near the fire. I was cold and tired from the school day.
The makeshift oven was known for being unpredictable. It was a safety hazard, but we were hungry. Havilah pushed Ruth into the stove, and Ruths long, curly red hair fell straight into the hands of the fire. Im not sure how  the pot shielded some of the fire, but Ruth was aflame in seconds.
Havilah screamed, and I grabbed a towel to contain the fire in Ruths curly hair. She was crying as the flames engulfed her, and I tackled my little sister to the ground. For a few seconds, all was well, until I looked back to see that Havilahs skirt was orange. Quickly, I tackled her, but I knocked the pot over in the process, and the water spilled onto her skin. She yelled in agony. My focus needed to be stopping the fire.
I reached out to end the flames, but it was too late. Havilahs skirt had transported the flames to the towel I held. I threw it, terrified, until it burst into open, blue-hued waves of fire. I grabbed Havilah, dragging her away, and watched as the kitchen burned.
Ruth ran across the hallway to seek help while I tried to end the flames. My face was pooled with sweat as Havilah cried in pain. Across the hall was a boy named Paul Desrosiers, who attended my school. He hurried to our help, and he combated the fire with a simple stroke of hand. Im not sure how he ended it, probably because I was crying, clutching my baby sisters. 
Are you okay? he asked Havilah. My mother is good with herbs. Would you like her help? You are burned, friend?
Havilah was enchanted by the boy with the pretty blue eyes and took his hand. Her crying ceased, and I turned to help Ruth. Her hair was black, and I pulled scissors from the cabinet. We will have to cut this, Ruth.
Ruth cried as I chopped her locks. Its only hair. It will grow back, was all I said.
The charred blanket was tossed into the trash, and the pot was burned badly, too. I was surprised how quickly Paul had ended the flames. He turned off the stove and turned to help a lady in need. We need to go see Havilah. Check up on her, I suggested.
We walked across the hall to the dirty apartment of Paul Desrosiers. There was scarcely any furniture, but everything was neat and tidy. I saw a rat clamber across the floor, though. The place had a problem with rats. I found Paul in a side apartment.
Thank you.
Why didnt you turn the stove off? he barked. Thats all you had to do.
For the first few words, speaking to my future husband was hard. I gulped and tried to hide back the tears. I was focused on saving my sisters. I am sorry.
You could have burned the entire apartment down, girl. Watch out. Youre a lady, right? You should be able to cook at your age.
Excuse me? I pulled on my braids. Someone has an esteem issue.
He was dressed in too-short clothing, and his slick brown hair was tucked behind his ear. You are the one you describe. What is your name, anyway? I havent seen you before.
No. I wont tell you my name if you insult me in this manner.
I followed Ruth into a room completely closed from light. Pauls mother leaned over my other sister, and treated her burns with crushed leaves. You will be okay, sweetheart, she whispered in fluent French.
Youre French? I asked Paul. He didnt look French.
Paul Desrosiers, he nodded, thrusting out his hand. Of Le Cannet.
Why are you in London?
His mother looked up. Escaping the problems of our country.
What Mama is trying to say is that Papa didnt want to fight the Algerians. He says they have the rights to freedom, but people thought he was too radical.
A little boy with brown hair and equally blue eyes popped into the room. He was very small, but he was fourteen-years-old. He smiled at me. Hi. I am Jean.
I shook his hand before he bowed and blew me a kiss. I glared at Paul, and invitingly told the boy, I am Genevieve Beaulieu. And my sisters, Ruth and Havilah.
Havilah groaned, but Ruth curtsied. I could tell she was enamored with Jeans blue eyes.
You are French as well. Parisian? asked their mother. She was very sweet, with the same brown hair and blue eyes. When I nodded, she said, I am Parisian as well. I moved to Le Cannet as a girl, where I met my husband.
Do you agree with your papa? Ruth asked.
I elbowed my sister, but their mother, Giselle, nodded. I do.
My mama says that she thinks the war is unnecessary, and that it only caused the deaths of two of her family members, I chirped. I tugged on my raggedy dress.
Who? Giselle asked as she patted Havilahs sweaty face with a moist rag. 
Our father and our brother. Our father is quite dead, Ruth announced, her outgoing personality shining, but our brother Armand is still alive. He is just not the same. Insanity has replaced his grief.
I see, agreed Giselle. Girls, would you mind showing me your apartment? I want to make sure there wont be any more fires, okay?
I made sure, Paul said, his egocentricity annoying me. I checked, Mama.
Giselle nodded. Paul, you are sixteen-years-old, but sometimes it is okay to know God blessed me with my own pair of eyes. Take Jean downstairs to the bakery. Here is a coin. Get the rye. 
Paul bitterly turned, pulling his brother by the collar. Jean turned and winked at Ruth. Though her hair was freshly chopped, and her skin was irritated and clammy, she smiled enthusiastically. The brothers left.
Madame Giselle? I asked the woman. How is my sister? Please be honest with me.
Giselle nodded approvingly to Havilah, who was quiet on the nearby table. She will be fine. Her skin will need constant ointment, but she wasnt hurt too badly. Her dress was thick enough to keep most of the flames from her body. I will leave her for a few minutes and then I shall return to her.
We crossed the hallway, and Giselle came into our two-room apartment. One room was the bed for Mama and me, and the kitchen was in a tight hallway that connected to Havilah and Ruths cramped space. The place was cheap, but there was no way we had any space to play or be free. It was very dark, and like in the Desrosiers apartment, rats scuttled beneath our feet.
Oh, Giselle noted with kindness at the black blanket in the trash bin. You are lucky. You mustnt play near fire.
We werent, Ruth argued. Havilah and I got into a fight.
I see, Giselle whispered. Girls, why dont you stay at my apartment until your mama comes home? You can have some porridge along with the boys.
I followed her back to their apartment and helped Ruth set the porridge onto the table for dinner. Ruth clumsily dug through her short hair. It gives me an edge on Havilah.
It does. Next time, will you stay away from the stove when you fight?
Ruth smiled at me.
Mama never came home that night. I checked on Havilah constantly, doting over her with the wet rag while Giselle tucked the boys in their cozy bunk beds. She changed from her yellow dress to pajamas and came to me at eight oclock. Miss Beaulieu, you must spend the night here.
I quivered. I wanted to know where Mama was. Havilah had fallen asleep, and Giselle informed me that Ruth was sleeping in her bed. You can sleep there, too, Genevieve.
What of you? And Mr. Desrosiers?
Monsieur Desrosiers, she whispered into my ear in my native tongue, wont be home tonight. Hes in Liverpool on a negotiation.
Where will you sleep?
I will wait for your mama. 
All night?
Giselle nodded, pulling her blanket tighter on her shoulders. I have the kettle going, and I will check on Havilah throughout the night.
But
Go to sleep, Genevieve. You have school tomorrow.
I woke up the next morning to find Thomas sitting at the table with Giselle. An old man was before me, not the young boy I remember telling Armand repeatedly to man up. Thomass cheeks were hallowing, and wrinkles covered his face. He couldnt be older than twenty-five, but he seemed ages older. 
A large jacket covered his shoulders, though it wasnt cold. The War was still going on, so I wondered why he was here. He coughed when he saw me, and his eyes widened. Why, look at the woman my sister has become!
I protectively covered my chest. I turned to Giselle, afraid of Thomas, but she wasnt my kin and only smiled at me. Hi, Thomas.
Thomas motioned for me to hug him. I did so, but the touch was awkward. We hadnt spoken or seen each other in many months. You are so beautiful, Genevieve. His French was thick, and I barely could understand him. I had been in London too long to know French as well as I did English.
Thank you.
Giselle handed me a cup of tea. You slept well? She looked haunted. She was pale and had dark bags under her eyes. 
Yes, Madame Giselle. You must sleep now.
Giselle nodded, dropping her saucer. I think I should. Your brother needs to speak with you anyway, Genevieve. 
After she left, I was alone with my older brother. Why are you here? Where is Mama?
Thomas pulled out his gloves. Armand is missing. He went back to Algeria. They havent found his body yet, and I dont think theyre making an effort to look.
I was taken aback by his sharp words. Who had replaced my brother? Did he not care about Armand? I gulped, not knowing what to say. I shifted my feet and prayed. God would hear me, and he would save Armand.
Thomas pulled out a cigarette and took a drag. Mama is dead.
The words cut into my core. I didnt know if I heard him correctly. What?
Listen to me, child, Thomas barked, his eyes dark and cloudy. Mama is dead.
How? What? Why? I wasnt able to process this information.
He stood up, blurry in the image of his own smoke. She was found in the alleyway. Robbers mugged and raped her.
I looked up to see Paul, his hair in complete disarray and his cockiness gone. Instead, it was replaced with hatred. Stop smoking, he declared with dominance. We already had a fire last night, and we dont need one from a mysterious imposter, either.
Thomas turned to him, his eyes wide. What did you say to me, young man?
You arent supposed to be smoking, rat. Take your drag and get out.
Thomas walked up to the boy, his boots polished against the creaky floor. They were the same height, but Thomas had the advantage. He was ten years older and trained. He had been a soldier for many years now, strong and lean. 
Thomas handed Paul the cigarette. Take a puff, boy.
Paul took the cigarette. I thought he would smoke it too, but instead he spat in Thomass face and threw the cigarette into the trash bin. I said, there is no smoking here.
Thomas gritted his teeth. Genevieve, get Havilah and Ruth now. We are leaving.
I shook my head. No, we are not. Havilah is injured, and Ruth and I have school here.
Thomas bent down to me and cursed. Come on, Genevieve. Lets go.
I shook my head. 
Thomas grabbed my arm, wrenching it behind my body. I yelped in pain, and Paul punched the man directly in the mouth. The boy couldnt control his anger, but I was glad for it; he saved me. Thomas pushed Paul into the wall, and I stepped in front of the latter as the first tried to take a swing. The punch knocked my face, and I fell to the floor in a heap.
Thomas, realizing his actions, backed away. I was bleeding, and a tooth had been knocked out from the back of my mouth. I looked up, crying and holding a bloody nose. You claim to be a soldier? You? You come to tell me my mother is dead and leave me bleeding on the floor? Coward.
Thomas was unaware for a moment before he tugged on his jacket and said, Youll regret this, Genevieve. Youll regret it.
Get out, Paul threatened. You arent welcome here.
Thomas slammed the rickety door behind him as Paul attended to me. He was gentle as he helped me up. Giselle came back into the room. I heard shouting. What..? Seeing my bloody nose, she rushed to me. Oh, Genevieve, did that man do this?
Paul led me to the table, and I smiled, as he wouldnt let go. A big, bloody, toothy smile, but after that smile caused by my brother, I knew Paul wasnt as rough as he proclaimed to be. He had a big, soppy heart underneath his tough skin. And that was when I fell in love with him.


Chapter Eleven


THE YEARS PASSED in a whirl. Mr. Desrosiers never came home. We learned that he had been in a fatal car wreck in Birkenhead on the way to signing a deal which would lead his family out of poverty. Giselle mourned in agony. She wore black and cried, but devoted her time to her new daughters.
Ive always wanted a daughter, she whispered to me one night as she braided my hair like Mama used to do. And now I have three.
We adjusted well to life with Giselle. She was French like us, and took us to mass every Saturday morning. Havilah took a liking to Giselles herbal skills. Every day after finishing homework, Giselle would teach her the art while Ruth and Jean played chess. Jean was incredibly smart.
At school, the little boy was famous for making a profit. He would sell anything  gum, pencils, shoe strings  for a hefty price. He grew many inches that summer, the year we moved in with Giselle. He went from being the shortest boy in our grade to the tallest.
Paul became my best friend. I cried for hours and hours about Mama. I didnt believe Thomas, but there was no way to prove my mothers death. Her seamstress job was miles away, and since we had moved in with Giselle, there was no money for anything extra. We pawned all that we owned in our old apartment, and moved solely into the Desrosiers homestead.
Every night at mealtime, I prayed for Thomas, Mama, and Mr. Desrosiers. I thanked Giselle for taking us in; Paul for becoming my best mate; Jean for sticking up for me at school because of my stubby feet; and my sisters for leading us to the French family across the hall.
Things werent the same. It was hard becoming Giselles daughters because we knew we were orphans. Our parents were gone. Our brother tried to take us away, and I didnt think Armand was missing, either. Was it possible that Armand was still alive? I prayed for him, too, at dinner. He needed the prayers most.
The day after school let out for summer, Paul added double the shifts for his afterschool job at the grocery on Pike Street. I spent most my time there, and finally, the boss allowed me to work in the back adding the profits. On a hot summer day after work, Paul pulled me aside with a coin.
Gen, we could go to Islington with this. We can go to your mothers place of work and find out what they know.
No police enforcers ever knocked on our door to tell us the truth about Mama. So I agreed. Wont Giselle be upset with us?
Paul pulled on my arm. She will understand.
And so I found myself on a bus with Paul. He slicked his hair back and wore a leather jacket. He was strikingly handsome, and while his brother had grown, Paul had become stronger. I was realizing we were both changing. I was learning to cook properly under Giselles wing, and Paul was showing an aptitude for a surprising line of work: medical science.
We rode in silence until we let off at Islington. You have the address where she worked? he asked me.
I could still remember Mama whispering in my ear, Sweetie, if anything happens to me, I work at 358 Johnson Street, Islington.
We asked an old woman for directions, and she led us down an old path that led to Johnson. We made it to the alterations shop in minutes, and I went in to find myself face-to-face with my brother.
Armand.
He was alive.


Chapter Twelve


NEITHER OF US moved. I was completely still, and it was Paul who finally whispered, Its Armand, is it not? Im not sure how he knew, but he did. It was comforting knowing someone was with me to see Armand, the older brother who was claimed to be a traitor. Why? I never found out his sins. Mama never talked about him. He became a ghost, a distant memory.
Sister, Armand spoke. He was tan and could pass for an Italian. His dark hair was long and uncut, and I remembered his missing arm. He had lost it in battle. His other hand was wrapped in a black glove. His face was covered in dark facial hair, but his blue eyes were kind.
I ran to him. I cried as I fell into his arms. The brother whom I prayed for every night at mealtime, the brother hailed as a nobody. Armand, I cried, pulling him into me. I slapped him for leaving us. Youyoure alive.
He kissed my forehead. Genevieve, you are very beautiful.
Water dripped onto my cheeks. Where? Why? Are youokay? Why didnt you come to us?
Armand rubbed his beard. I recently came back from Algeria again, Genevieve.
I thought you were never allowed to go back, I whispered. 
He quivered, whispering in my ear, These things cannot be talked about here. Where is Mama?
Mama is dead.
Armands eyes flashed with surprise. Dead? She sent me a letter only a week ago.
I shivered and said, Thomashe came to us, telling us she was dead. She had been left in an alley. She never came back for us, Armand. Why? If she is alivewhy wouldnt she come to us? Weweve been living with Pauls family, I cried, the tears pooling at the bottom of my lashes. Why would
Armand waved good-bye to another seamstress and pulled me into the summer air. We cannot talk here, sister. We will go to my apartment.
Paul followed us, but Armand turned to him skeptically. You cannot come, boy. This is between my sister and me.
Paul stepped forward. This concerns my family, too, Armand. She lives with us. We are responsible for her now.
Armand turned. I would argue with you, but we need to get out of the open.
Paul and I followed my brother through the streets. We took a bus to Camberwell, watching the nice streets of Islington pass us by. We sat in silence, but Paul held my hand. He nodded reassuringly to me. Things would be all right.
After thirty minutes, we made it to Camberwell. Armand led us through the small outskirt to a shanty building. It reminded me of the poor apartment we lived in with Giselle. We climbed the steps to a small apartment on the third floor.
It was dingy and inexpensive, and I saw rats scuttling around the floor here, too. He opened the door to his room, where a dark, beautiful woman sat reading a book. My mouth fell open. She was darker than any person I had seen in my life, and her black hair swirled around the top of her head. She wore a colorful gown, and her brown eyes sparkled.
Genevieve, this is my wife, Beatrice.
Wife? 
Beatrice looked up, surprise etching her beautiful face. She closed the book, which I saw was Alice in Wonderland, and smiled. She spoke beautiful English through a heavy accent. Genevieve, you are more beautiful than I imagined. She stood, and came to me, pulling me into a hug. It is so nice to meet you.
I didnt know what to do. My French brother had brought home an Algerian wife? I understood clearly the reasons now. We had come to England because of the War, and because my brother, a white French man, had married a black Algerian woman. 
A tear fell down my face. You are beautiful. You come from Algeria?
She nodded, pulling on her skirts. I do. I already love England. The people I have met are friendly, but they do not know of my marriage.
I looked to Armand, who beamed at his wife. I will tell you the story of how I met Beatrice later, Genevieve. I always knew you were a romanticist.
You are nineteen, almost twenty, correct? I whispered. 
Nineteen.
Married for two, he whispered, pulling off his gloves. I saw a gold wedding band on his finger, and I cried. My brother was really married.
Paul was equally as shocked as I was, so we both sat down. Paul wasnt used to seeing this, and neither was I. I knew it would take a while to adjust to this relationship, but I liked Beatrice. And I was glad she had escaped her country alive.
Why were you at the tailors?
Looking for Mama, so I could find you.
I shook my braids. I told you, she hasnt come to us. She is dead.
Armand went to his small kitchen and ruffled through papers. Aha, he announced, handing me a letter dated a week previously. She was in Islington.
Islington? Thats impossible.
It is her writing, Armand whispered, pulling a cigar from his pocket.
Beatrice brought us all tea, and we drank to ponder the mystery. Paul was able to mystify us. What if it is Thomas who is faking her signature? What if Thomas is the one who has
Armands eyes lit up. Thomas. We must find him.

***

THE NEXT DAY, after alerting Giselle, Paul and I skipped work to help Armand track Thomas. Beatrice was at home reading and cleaning. I didnt blame her. She was still unused to the dreariness of London.
Where shall we go? He is probably in France by this point.
We go to the address of this letter, declared Armand. There has to be a source there.
We took a bus, located the correct building, walked up the stairs and knocked on the door. The eyes of my mother peered at us. 
Genevieve, she whispered, taken aback. Her eyes darted to Armand. Armand?
What is he doing to you? Armand said, blocking the door. What are you letting him do to these children?
Galina, the Russian mother of five, tried to slam the door in our faces, but she couldnt resist Armands strong nature. No, Armand, no.
Armand opened the door to find Thomas smoking on the sofa. His eyes flickered when he saw his brother, and Armand angrily barked, You
Paul yelled, too, and I slipped my hand into his to calm him. I glanced at him, watching his reddish, youthful blush, and I walked to my mother. I wanted to control my anger, but I slapped her. You lied to us. You let Thomas tell us
Galina fell to the floor, her eyes incredibly sad. You dont understand, Genevieve.
I dont want to.
You want to expose my marriage with Beatrice, Thomas? It is legal here.
Thomas stretched his arms. You are French. Why are you here?
Same to you. I am not a Frenchman, anymore. I am here for Beatrice. She is where I belong.
Thomas chuckled before standing up. The authorities are looking for you. They want you, Armand. You are a traitor.
I am not, Armand protested. I was a traitor at first, but only to the Algerian people. They deserved their freedom.
You are wrong.
I never liked you, Thomas. You were always too cynical.
Galina wept on the floor. Armand, turn yourself in. Do not make me the pawn in your games. I value my own breath.
Why did you leave us? I cried. The night you didnt come home, I became responsible for Ruth and Havilah. They almost burned the apartment down.
Galina held her stomach. I realized what was happening. My eyes spun out of control. Who is the father?
Thomas bitterly turned. Our mother is an anomaly as well. I told her to get an abortion.
The concept of abortion was taboo at the time, but my mother would never think about it. Who is the father? I repeated.
I realized quickly what was happening. Thomas was the father. My brother, the father of my niece. I cried, blacking out.


Chapter Thirteen


I WOKE UP a few minutes later. Armand and Paul carried me down the steps, and I realized I would never see my mother or brother again. Isis it true?
Armand nodded swiftly. Galina isnt our mother, Genevieve. You need to know that.
What
She is our step-mother, the mother of Ruth and Havilah, but not our mother. Our mother died when we were children.
Why did no one tell me
Because Galina acted as your mother. She took care of you. In many ways, she was your mother.
She betrayed usshe left us alone. Was pretending to be dead a substitute for her pregnancy with Thomas?
Armand shook his head and slowly whispered, I do not want to fathom their beliefs. I am going to America. Beatrice is coming with me. Will you come, Genevieve? Will you bring our sisters? We can start over in that land.
Paul bitterly said, No. You wont, will you?
I swallowed. I was shaky as I tried to stand. We headed back to our apartment, and I nervously told Giselle what had happened. I am going to America with my brother.
Giselle nodded. You should. You belong with your family.
You are my family, I cried to Giselle. Ruth and Havilah decided to come, too, and we said our good-byes that night. However, Armand and I decided it best not to tell them of Galinas story until a later time.
Jean hugged me, but Paul was the broken-hearted one. I will come to you after I graduate, he whispered. Were best friends, remember? Where you go, I go.
I hugged him, smelling his hair. Yes, Paul. I will miss you the most. I cannot share how thankful I am for your family.
Paul kissed my forehead. I hugged Giselle next, promising her I would repay her someday. There is nothing you need to do, Genevieve. You gave me the daughters I always wanted.
That night, we loaded a small boat headed for America, because the plane tickets were too expensive. We sailed for days and days, and when we docked in New York City, our lives changed forever.

***

AS HE PROMISED, Paul was on my steps two years later. He was standing with a dozen tulips, combed hair, and a nice outfit. Things changed after his reappearance in our small town of Raleigh, North Carolina. We had relocated there from New York City in time for my acceptance to UNC in Chapel Hill.
Paul went to UNC as well, and we graduated two years apart, as he already had a two year head start in a college in London. Three months after my graduation, we married and had our first child, Hailee. After Hailee was born, we moved to California so Paul could go into medical school at Berkeley. I worked as an editor at the LA Times and sent spare money to Giselle in London.
Giselle and I communicated weekly. Jean was at Oxford on an academic scholarship, planning to major in business. Giselle had moved into a nicer flat and hadnt seen Galina or Thomas. After Jeans graduation from Oxford, she moved with him to Chicago, where he began a highly successful company. On a vacation to France to visit Le Cannet, he met a woman named Adle. I wont spoil their story, but it was very interesting.
Meanwhile, Paul and I could not have any children after Hailee. He was a wealthy doctor and I lived a beautiful, affluent life in LA. It wasnt until the 80s when I popped out three children in three years: first, our son Armand; our daughter, Beatrice; and our youngest daughter, Greta Giselle Desrosiers.
Beatrice and Armand remained happily married in Raleigh. They had two children together and attended church. They fell more in love every day until Armand died six years ago. Beatrice was heartbroken, but still lives in Raleigh.


Chapter Fourteen
Candice


IS BEATRICE COMING to the wedding? I asked, blowing on yet another tissue.
My new friend Aunt Genevieve pulled me into a hug. The woman was in her sixties now, but I could see her vividly as a youngster. Yes, Beatrice is coming. You will get to meet my favorite Algerian then.
You are so nice for sharing your story with me, Auntie. It is beautiful. Paul really loves you.
Auntie smiled, patting my knee. She was shy, but she had a beautiful heart. Yes. It isnt easy, Candice, but it is worth it. If you work for it, you wont regret a moment of it. I tell you this to tell you not to give up on Henry. If he opens up to you, please forgive him. He is a kind man. We all make our mistakes, Candice.
I nodded, wiping a tear from my eye. Thank you for sharing with me, Auntie. What happened to your sisters?
Ruth and Havilah? They never married. Ruth was heartbroken about Jeans marriage to Adle, and Havilah never found a man. They live together in Raleigh. They help Beatrice now and then, because Beatrice is getting older, like the rest of us. Giselle, too, has passed away. She lived happily in Chicago until she passed from cancer.
I wish I could meet Armand. He was the true hero.
He came back for us, she whispered. He brought us to America to give us freedom.
Auntie and I continued chatting until Nancy swirled into the library. Bentley has the first family dinner ready!
Auntie and I walked behind Nancy arm-in-arm. You broke Pauls bitter personality, I gently whispered.
I did, Auntie laughed. He was quite the pessimist at first. Now he is a clown. A goofy, old clown.
We entered the kitchen to see a big, burly black man expertly cooking tilapia. Hello, Auntie, and I presume, Miss Candice Michelin! 
He raced to us, and enveloped us in a friendly hug. Oh, you are so beautiful. Both of you.
Nice to meet you. He was a big teddy bear, and I loved him instantly.
This is Beatrices son, proclaimed Auntie.
No way!
Oh Auntie, you told Miss Michelin? Yes, I am Bentley Beaulieu. People dont understand how Im French, but I tell them Im just a big man from the streets of Carolina. Candice, I heard about yourcooking skills, too. We need to work on that.
I need help desperately.
Remind me, and Ill set you up. The way to a mans heart is through his stomach, Bentley declared, patting his big belly. I get mistaken for a pregnant woman occasionally, but I like my fat. I like my food, too.
Everyone is in the dining room, Nancy gently prodded.
Thanks, Bentley.
See you later, Candice, Aunt Genevieve.
We followed Nancy into a beautiful room. It looked like a Giant Hall in a Norwegian castle. The table could hold twenty people but was shortened for ten, and a giant chandelier hung from the ceiling. Glass windows covered the walls, and I could see into the valley. A second story held a balcony that could look down into the feast of food before us.
I knew Ellie was probably in love with the beautiful architecture, but my mouth was watering from the food. Im sure my tongue was lolling out of my head, but I couldnt help it. Fish, chicken, turkey  it was all there. Roses lined the white, rich tablecloth, and I saw everyone already sitting, waiting on Clumsy Candice.
Papy sat at one side of the table, and Auntie sat beside him. Greta sat on the opposite side of her father, and I took the seat beside her. Henry sat on the other side of me, and across us were Liam and Ellie. Jean sat at the other head, with Adle beside him. They didnt speak.
Hi, I whispered to Henry. 
He smiled at me. I had forgotten how blue his eyes were, so I was momentarily starstruck. When Bentley placed a smoked salmon in front of me, I immediately scarfed it down. Well, maybe the way to enter a womans heart is through food, Bentley chuckled to Henry, who laughed.
What do you think about going to the garden tonight? Henry asked me.
I nodded. That would be lovely. But I should help clean the dishes. I havent really done anything to help anyone.
Youre a guest, Henry whispered. We both could do the dishes, though. Im sure Nancy and Bentley hate doing dishes all the time.
Ellie cut into a small piece of chicken as she looked at me. So, are you going to come to the girls night, sister?
I would advise not doing it, Liam whispered, his lighter brown hair gleaming under the chandelier. He and Ellie made a beautiful couple. I wondered how Henry and I looked together.
Ellie ignored him. It will be fun, especially with Shelby.
Greta nodded as she sipped wine. Shelby is crazy.
Henry shook his head. I would have to ask him why later. Now, I nodded to appease my sister and to take another bite of chicken. This feast would definitely feed all of us plentifully, but I was extra hungry. Were you with Aunt Genevieve?
Yes, I said. She told me her story. It was so beautiful.
Henry nodded, drinking a goblet of Diet Coke. She and Papy have the marriage I want to have.
Yes, I agreed. They truly care about each other. I am so jealous of them.
This family dinner seemed awkward. Ellie and Liam werent talking, and Greta was stabbing at her food while Adle and Jean glared at each other. Henry and I talked about Aunt Genevieve, who was joking with her husband.
Why is it so quiet? I whispered to Henry.
It is always like this. Liam doesnt clown around when Ellies with him.
Its like we need to play some MJ in here. Or Nirvana, I said, referring to our plane ride here.
Michael Jackson? I thought you said you were a 90s kid, he teased.
I touched his hand. I was born in the 80s, sweetheart. Deal with my music tastes.
Look at them, drawled Ellie.
I looked up to see all of Henrys family locking their glances on the handsome doctor and myself. Since I was touching his hand, I immediately drew away, but Henry took my hand in his reassuringly. What about us?
You two are so nice together. Its refreshing to see Candice with a man, Ellie insulted, staring at my guy.
What is that supposed to mean? I said, taking a bite of mashed potatoes.
Well, you never date anyone.
Excuse me? I furrowed my eyebrows.
Feeling the tension, Ellie hesitated. You havent dated anyone since Kurt.
Ellie, I whispered. I hadnt told Henry about my relationship with Kurt yet. Now she made me look like a fool.
Henry handled himself like a gentleman. Nothing wrong with that, he smiled.
Liam angrily frowned at his fiance. Was that necessary, Ellie?
I dug into my meat as I said, The answer is no, Liam.
Ellies eyebrows furrowed in response. Mom and Dad always complain about you not having anyone. Im only saying Im proud that youre with Henry.
My fork scraped the plate. Well, Ellie, I didnt realize that my status meant that much to you guys. Can you not understand that I dont have to have a ring on my hand all the time?
Ellie angrily placed her fork on the table. Im not saying anything, Candice. Just the fact that we were worried.
We? We? Since when did you become my parent? And worried? Im not a nun, Elizabeth. Havent you heard the concept of waiting for the one? You dont have to rush into things.
Ellie rolled her eyes. Stop getting so defensive, sis. Its like you cant handle a simple critique, ever.
Ellie, Liam whispered, his tone unusually sharp. 
Ellie gripped her glass of water. At least I didnt wait till I was twenty to get my first boyfriend, and our parents didnt think that I was asexual.
That did it. I wanted to throw myself at her, but I slammed a piece of chicken into my mouth and exited quickly. I didnt look back as the tears pooled at the bottom of my eyes. I hurried away and passed Bentley in the kitchen.
Candice?
It was yummy, I cried, wiping the tears from my eyes, its just my sister.
Bentley sauntered over to me. Oh, Candice. What happened?
Sticks and stones will break my bones
Dont finish it, Bentley whispered, his eyes sad. You are stronger than this, Candice.
Ive got her, Bentley, thank you, gently murmured a familiar mans voice.
Strong hands gripped my arms, and I looked back into Henrys redeeming diamond eyes. He was angry, but he nodded to the cook and led me outside into the garden. We didnt speak as we left the verandah, passed an ivy trellis, and found a bench in the middle of a rose bush. It wasnt far from the house, but it offered privacy. 
I had calmed myself by that point, but loose tears still streamed from my lids. Henry, you
Dont talk, he gently said. He rubbed his thumb against my cheekbone, tracing it to my jaw. I half-expected you to punch your sister in the face. Your face turned red, and your eyes went to slits. There was no suppressing the anger in you, but you did it, somehow.
I smiled. Well, Im sorry, but I had to leave. We probably just embarrassed our family name out there
Henry shook his head confidently. Nah. There have been huge fights in our family before. Between Greta and Shelby, Liam and Shelby, all kinds of things.
But we are your guests.
Henry stood up, pulling me with him. Come on, Cand.
I held his hand, not letting go. It felt so nice, and I couldnt control myself. My eyes darted shyly to my feet, but Henry swiftly pulled me to his chest, and as white lights lit up the woodsy path, he drew his lips to mine. For the first time, I didnt want to break away. 
I threw my hands around his neck, and like a schoolgirl, I raised my leg. Quickly, I kicked myself for my actions, but Henry laughed in the middle of our kiss. Candice, you have to be the weirdest girl in the world.
Got a problem with that? I asked, biting my lip. The sun was completely gone, and the darkness had fallen. The lights were a beautiful touch to the area, and I could feel my heart tearing into shreds from happiness.
Henry leaned in to me, and in my ear, he murmured, No, because youre my girl.
Trying to prove my outgoingness, I pulled him to me, but quickly drew away. You never officially asked me out, pal. Cmon, we gotta prove that chivalry card.
Henry handsomely rolled his eyes, letting his arms drop on my waist comfortably. Then, without warning, he dropped to one knee, and playfully grinned at me. His blue eyes were so spectacular, I thought I was looking into the Milky Way. Candice Michelin, will you be my leading lady? I would say girlfriend, but thats not good enough for what you are.
My heart melted. Kurt had asked me out on the jogging trail with Peppermint present. Henry, meanwhile, was on his knee, his wavy hair gleaming in the shadows of the electric light. You get bonus points for flattering me, kid. I pulled him up to give him a quick kiss. Well, with the right guy, I wasnt so reserved anymore.
You know, I was planning on asking you out tomorrow night, but you kind of rushed me into it, he teasingly whispered as he led me further down the path. 
You sure know how to make a girl forget about her annoying little sister.
You guys will make up, Candice. I know it.
Thanks, boyfriend, I giggled. Thats not good enough, though. Leading man?
Perfect. He draped an arm around my shoulder, and I was sure I had never felt happier in my whole life.


Chapter Fifteen


HENRY AND I flirted in the garden for a good hour before returning to the house, where we were bombarded by Auntie and Papy, who were genuinely concerned about my abrupt leave from dinner. Are you okay, Miss Candice? 
I am perfect, I said from the protective stance of my beau. Never been better, actually.
Auntie smiled at the sight of us holding hands. Ah, a fulfilled heart can soothe anything, cant it, Papy?
Papy nodded, kissing his wifes gray hair. Never a better substitute for anything. Your sister is looking for you, sweetheart. She is feeling awful about what she said.
You should go to her, Henry nodded. Want to watch a movie later?
I agreed, and went upstairs with a heavy heart. I was sky-high, but the other part of me wanted to slam my sister against the wall. What was her problem? I couldnt think of anything that would make her so catty to me in front of everyone  except one thing, actually. His name sort of rhymed with friendly.
Henry squeezed my hand as he headed one way down the hall. Youll be fine, Cand.
I nodded quickly. I watched my feet as I knocked on the white door that led to her room. She opened, and her crying face spoke volumes. Beyond her, the crown molding caught my attention. Candice, she croaked, I am so sorry.
I didnt know what to do when she hugged me, squashing my chest. My eyes bulged out of my head as her belly hit mine. It was unusually soft, and I felt awkward. Wasnt the wedding a time where brides starved themselves to be a size 4 in the wedding gown? I didnt want to make things awkward, so I let her hug me. II have an 80s song stuck in my head.
Which one? Ellie cried, her makeup completely smudged. Her mascara was on the roof of her lip. I felt sorry for her.
Faithfully.
Journey?
Yeah.
Ellie gulped, covering her eyes. I feel so bad, Candice. Can you forgive me? I want our friendship to back to what it used to be. Please, forgive me?
I nodded, trembling. I have so much to tell you anyway, I whispered, tackling her to the bed. I wrestled with her for a few minutes, and our laughter was loud enough to fill the whole house. If you ask why two grown women were wrestling on a bed, just remember that our last name was Michelin. Well, the Michelins are known for beinginteresting. 
Ellie squealed with laughter, and we sat up. What were you going to tell me?
For once, my sister wasnt concerned that her platinum hair was completely messed up. I thought she was so beautiful, and I told her. Dont wear makeup all the time, Elle. I like you this way. Anyway, Henry asked me to be hisleading lady.
He skipped the step of girlfriend? she asked, biting her lip nervously. With a fake laugh, she hugged me. Thats great, Candice. Really, great.
I shyly grinned. He said that being boyfriend and girlfriend simply wasnt good enough. Hes so charming, Elle. We really got lucky with our guys.
Im so happy for you, Candice.
Im supposed to go watch a movie with him now, I grinned, looking at my pink watch. Wanna join? Wheres Liam, anyway?
Ellie shook her head, pushing on her hair. I want to take a warm bath, soak in the tub a little while. Liam is working with Jean. Like usual.
Hey, I chided, pulling on her arm. Liam loves you so much, Ellie. He wouldnt be marrying you if he didnt. I scratched my head. And did Mom and Dad really think I was asexual?
My sister processed the information for a few seconds before sighing. I know. Thanks, Candice. Again, Im sorry about earlier. They didnt really think you werent into guys. I dont know what got into me.
After I left her, and changed into sweatpants and a t-shirt in my room, I had a suspicious feeling that Ellie did know what had gotten into her. And she wasnt going to tell me.

***

HENRY AND I WATCHED a Pirates of the Caribbean movie until I started grumbling like a baby. I was worn out from the day, a happy worn out, but worn out just the same. We sat beside each other on the sofa under a fluffy blanket. His arm was protectively wrapped around my shoulder the whole time, and I stuffed popcorn in my mouth like I was a football player. It was the definition of a perfect night. 
Finally, he scooped me up and playfully carried me down the hallway. Ill make you drop me, I insisted, though I was half-asleep. I weigh too much!
Yeah right, Candice. Youre easier to carry than a child. He walked me to my bedroom, and placed me in my bed. With ease, he wrapped the blankets around me, and gave me a sweet kiss on the forehead. Good night, Candice. Dont forget tomorrow.
Tomorrow? I blubbered, my dreams already true. I couldnt tell if I was dreaming, or I was awake. Whatever my state of consciousness was, I felt wonderful.

***

THE NEXT MORNING, I walked downstairs to find a platter of delicious biscuits with egg and cheese prepared by the handsome Bentley. Good morning, Miss Candice, he said, handing me a glass of pop. You feeling okay?
I nodded, yawning. Much better. Thank you, Bentley. Youre a psychic, too. I love my biscuits and pop.
Your sister was the one who told me what you liked. Said you eat everything with pop, Candice. She had to go with Adle to Asheville.
Where is everyone else? I remarked, the house strangely quiet. I reminded myself to check up on Pep.
Well, Henry, Liam, Jean, and Papy are at a golfing event. Auntie and Greta are at a charity function in the city, and I think Nancy and Amanda are walking around the garden. That leaves us.
Can I take you up on that cooking offer? I asked, stretching. If Im ever to be a mom, I probably should
Bentley handed me an apron. Well need all year, Candice. Lets get crackin.
A few hours later, Bentley had instructed me through warm brownies, delicate pastas including gnocchi and farro, and delicious salads with names I couldnt pronounce. Bentley looked at his watch. I have to go to the store now, Candice, but we can continue our cooking lesson tomorrow morning. Youre doing good, girl. He gave me a high five.
I chewed on a brownie. It was only eleven, and I was alone in the house. I ran around with Peppermint, telling my friend about Henry, and when I went back inside, I played crosswords, but I couldnt help but think of the impending night.
With nothing else to do, I went back into the library, and climbed the spiral staircase upstairs. I saw a beautiful book with a dark blue spine, and I realized it was a photo album. I didnt want to intrude, but I was alone, so I opened the book. It was titled HENRY CLANCY DESROSIERS.
A baby picture appeared first. The baby was incredibly beautiful, with diamond blue eyes. I knew it was Henry, and I continued looking at the pictures, watching him grow. As a toddler, he was incredibly gentle and handsome. There was a picture of him playing with a toy stethoscope, and his teeth were missing as he smiled.
I flipped the page to see young Henry holding a baby in his arms, his grin showing more teeth. The little girl in his arms was precious, and that would mean Henry was four in the picture. His hair was a lighter shade of brown, but he was probably the cutest little boy Id ever seen in my life.
Henry continued to grow before me. I saw him as a happy kid and an athletic boy. There was one beautiful picture of a Hawaiian vacation in which Henry, probably ten, was throwing a football with his dad. A six-year-old girl with dark blonde hair was behind him, clutching a teddy bear, and a younger boy dwarfed by a baseball cap was trying to catch a lightning bug. They were incredibly happy.
Then I realized it was Adle who was taking these pictures. I hadnt expected the woman to be active in her childrens lives. What had changed her? Why was she abrupt and impersonal now?
I turned the page to see Henrys seventh-grade football picture. Sun spots dotted his nose. Because he played outdoors, he was remarkably tan and even at thirteen, his good looks would charm anyone. He wasnt smiling, but you could tell his eyes spoke volumes. He had always been good-natured, happy-go-lucky.
A middle-school graduation photo caught my attention next. He was standing in a suit and tie at a prestigious school. The Desrosiers kids had to have gone to the best of the best schools in America, but Henry still seemed happy. He smiled for the camera exuberantly.
His high school pictures were few. There was one of him tackling a pre-teen Liam on the green grass, his lean muscles exposed in the summer sun. Another showed him jumping off a waterfall. There was a prom picture, where he was placing a purple corsage on a stunning girls hand. They liked each other a lot, but I wasnt jealous. She had long, brown hair and deep green eyes. A caption read in beautiful script: Henry and his date, Carley Connelly. 
His high school graduation picture showed a respectable man. He looked older than eighteen, but I expected his maturity.  That was a given.
There were only two pages of photos left. Where there had been hundreds of pictures of his childhood, his adulthood left few to be seen. One was Henry smiling for the camera with a beautiful girl and Liam. The girl, I decided, had to be Shelby. She had light green-blue eyes and light brown-red hair, the color of sienna. She was beautiful, but if she wasnt, I would be worried. Liam, Henry, and Shelby made a powerhouse trio.
Then, a picture of Henry holding another woman distracted me. It was Carley again. She was so stunning, and I was so jealous. Her green eyes were the color of jade, her hair a chocolate brown. She was smiling happily with Henry. However, that picture was cast aside with a photo that stabbed me in the heart.
Henry and another woman at the altar. A caption underneath: Henrys true love. The picture was small, and I knew they had to be divorced by now, but I examined the photo with my horrible eyesight. 
She had curly, blonde hair. She was short, and her high heels still didnt allow her to reach his lips. But they looked in love.
Like Carley and Henry had looked in love.
I wasnt used to sharing my man with anyone. Kurt had dated before me, but we were both first-timers in the serious relationship department. I knew Henry had to have been a flirtatious guy at some point, but with these photos as evidence, I feltsecond. 
I was fresh, someone who was virtually afraid of relationships. Like Ellie had admitted, I had one previous engagement, one boyfriend, one love. 
Jeans words struck me. Adles words struck me. Aunt Genevieve. Were they all warning me? Or were they surprised Henry had finally settled down with another girl again? If I wanted to see him as the same person, I needed to hear him out. I needed to hear about his women. Because I had a feeling that Carley and his wife werent the only ones.
I felt for Carley. In the two pictures I saw of her, she was a beautiful, innocent young woman, a girl over the moon with happiness. Had she been kicked to the curb with the introduction of his wife? What happened to Carley?
The last picture was recent, a photo of Henrys graduation from medical school. Dr. Henry Desrosiers. 
I put the book back where I found it and stood up. I headed down the spiral steps and went back into the foyer, where I saw the lonely piano. I did something I hadnt done in years. I reached out to touch it, and I felt the keys. I never took lessons, never felt a connection to music, but like that one object, I needed someone to stay with me.
I called Stacey and Reesey a few minutes later.
Oh my, whispered Reesey. That man is trouble. I can just feel it.
Oh, shut up, Stacey said. Henry has an explanation, Candice. Give him a chance to explain over your date tonight.
Thanks, guys, I said, hanging up the phone. With nothing else to do, I showered and curled my hair. I read a book. Absently looking at the clock, I saw it was almost four. I walked downstairs, still alone, and ate to my hearts content. I went back upstairs. I was still alone.
I checked my email a few minutes later. I saw a simple note from my parents in Italy.

Hi honey,

We hope all is well in North Carolina. We cant tell you how happy we are you decided to go. Ellie really needed you to be there for her, especially since we cant. Please send lots of love to your sister for us. An extra hug to Mama Adle, and please wish our best luck to Liam and Henry. 

Anyway, we wanted to send a few shots of Venice to you. We know you love Italy so much, Candice.

(Pause. I really did love Italy, and I didnt understand why I wasnt invited.)

However, it is not the same without our beautiful little girls. We miss you both so much. We hope to see you soon. We would write much more, but we are about to take a train down to Rome. If you ever want to be a Catholic, come here.

Ciao.

Love, 
Dad and Mom

Papy would be proud, I thought them silently. He would be very proud.
I sighed, wishing I could find comfort in anything. I remembered Peppermint at that moment, and headed to the garage to be with my faithful, loyal pup. I know I havent been spending as much time with you, girl, I whispered as I sat on the cold cement to rub her golden body. Ive missed you.
I fell asleep beside her, our hearts rhythmically beating together, until I was awoken by a pair of bright blue eyes examining me. I screamed in fright, jumping up. Peppermint was instantly alerted, and she bared her teeth to Henry. I had to restrain Pep for a moment, but she quickly recoiled after she realized it was Henry.
Henry! I shouted, slapping him. You gave me a fright. Then I pulled him to me.
He laughed, helping me stand. Its almost five. We need to leave in an hour.
An hour? I panicked. How long had I been out? Oh, I need to get dressed!
Henry shook his head before giving me a white smile. You look perfect to me.
I rolled my eyes. With dog hair all over me? If thats your definition of perfection
I thought he was going to kiss me, but he led me to the garage entrance to the living room. I didnt expect to see you cuddled with your dog, Candice, but I wont lie, it was my definition of perfection.
How?
He closed the door behind us. Youre real. Real. 
I should get dressed.
Me too.
We walked with each other up the stairs before departing for our rooms on opposite halls. I needed to shower again, do my makeup and hair, and wear a dress. I decided to borrow one from Ellies closet, opting for a sleeveless blue dress that sparkled in the light. 
Under the warm water trickling down my back, I remembered my qualms about Henry from earlier. Carley. The woman he married. I bit my tongue as I scrubbed my body again, and with one awkward move, I tripped and landed in a heap in the bottom of the tub.
Oh! I squealed, feeling blood ooze from my leg. A razor had cut my skin, and I sat under the water for five minutes waiting for the blood clot to heal. Clumsiness at its finest, I decided.
After I successfully showered and placed a Hello-Kitty bandage (because I always have spares in my purse for problems like mentioned above), I blow-dried my hair and redid my makeup, opting for gold eye shadow and light lipstick. I rubbed lotion into my skin, and slipped into Ellies dress with the same pair of short black heels.
Next, I gently curled my hair, making sure each wave was loose and equivalent. I looked at myself in the mirror. I could doll myself up if I wanted, and I thought I looked skinny in the dress. I hate to admit it, but I stared at myself in that mirror. The girl before me was going on a date. She looked confident, ready to marry a handsome bachelor, but the girl inside wasnt sure what she wanted.
Candice Michelin, the girl who ate popcorn with her pup, was going on a date with a Texan doctor who drove a truck. Go figure. However, I reminded Candice that she couldnt forget who she was  not only for herself, but for her best friends, for Ellie, for her parents, and for Peppermint. I didnt want to lose sight that I was still the girl who preferred tennis shoes to heels, soft headbands to curling irons, and steak to sushi. But it felt nice to be both Candices, and like Ellie had professed, I needed to be out there.
I was twenty-nine, almost thirty. I was seven years older than my mother when she married, four years older than when she had me. I wanted children, and I wanted someone to massage my feet while I cried about an old movie. That may sound odd, but I think you know me well enough by now to realize that at that very moment, I realized I was alone.
I had been my whole life, practically. I didnt date till I was twenty, I never had many friends. I never wanted to be involved with anyone. I wanted to prove I was someone, I wanted to show myself through my writing, but I suddenly had my answer as to why my books were never published.
I needed to find myself. I never took risks because I was afraid. There is nothing wrong with being afraid, you see, but I knew that if I wanted to be someone, I had to work for it. I needed to go on long vacations, I needed to see the world, and I needed to find someone to do it all with.
It was clear. The mirror in the Estate had showed me what Id been searching for years. Now I needed to find the gumption to figure out what to do about it.

***

I WALKED DOWN the hallway, a nervous energy running through my veins. It was an unwanted aura, but I couldnt shake the feeling that I was about to enter a new phase of my life. I wasnt sure how, but I knew I was. 
All feelings departed my soul as soon as I walked to the wrought iron that gave me a crystal clear view of the foyer. Standing at the bottom of the steps, adjusting his satin tie, was Henry. He hadnt seen me yet, but he was so handsome. I leaned over the railing, ready to slip over to my death, enchanted by his dark hair. He was dressed in a polished suit and shoes, almost like the day we had first met on his arrival to the Estate, only three days ago.
He noticed me staring, and he stopped playing with his tie. A grin spread across his lips, and his diamond eyes locked with mine. I had seen this look in only two couples before. One was between my parents and another between Auntie and Papy. I wanted to melt at his gaze. Was this possible?
I glided down the steps, finally unaware of being prone to tripping. I wasnt worried about anything, and everything felt natural as I took his hand. He pulled me closer to him. This could be a tacky prom night. I didnt bring a corsage, though.
I stiffened, but I regained composure quickly. You know, I went to prom one time. When I was a senior, because my friends forced me to.
Ah, a rebel even in high school.
Nah, I never had any interest. However, if you had asked me, I probably would have gone through all the troubles of finding the dress, fixing the hair I clasped my hands together.
Better the wedding than prom.
I tensed, and I turned to him. You really mean that?
Henry didnt apologize. He faced me directly. Yes, Candice, I do.
I was speechless. We walked to the kitchen to say good-bye to Bentley, who was busy cooking dinner for the others. Have fun on your date, he said as he chopped onions. He winked at me, and I happily blew him a kiss.
A few minutes later, Henry opened the door of his Stingray Corvette for me, and we sped off into the dark night. I turned the radio to a rock station while he revved the engine. A gentleman could still have fun with his sports car. 
How was golf? I asked, touching a curl.
He nodded. Good. I stomped Liam, but Dad got us all. Ellie was there, if you were wondering.
How is she? I mean, we made up, but I didnt see her today. I borrowed this dress from her, actually.
Oh, I didnt even say it yet, Henry whispered, touching my arm. You look beyond beautiful, Candice Michelin.
You look pretty darn good, too. 
I looked straight ahead as we winded the mountain roads again. Henry was a swift, sure driver, but he certainly liked to speed. I hadnt expected it from him. I thought Henry would place safety above time, but we were not late and I rolled the windows down to feel the chilly breeze.
How was your day? he casually asked me.
It was good, I mumbled. I mostly moped around. Ate, emailed my parents.
Hows Italy? I wish Ellie and Liam would have married in an exotic land, but North Carolina isnt bad. Cold compared to Texas.
I agreed. Well, well keep that in mind.
What do you mean by that, Miss Michelin?
I rolled my eyes playfully. When No Scrubs by TLC began to play on the radio, I sang with it, and to my delight, Henry sang along with me. We both laughed at each other, and I gazed at him in the darkness. He saw me looking at him, and he held my hand. 
Thirty minutes later, Henry pulled his sports car in front of a beautiful Pacific Northwest-styled resort. My mouth fell completely open as I examined the architecture. It was a huge (very, very huge) cabin, and with the full moon behind it, I was in pure heaven. I enjoyed my sandy desert, and the Smoky Mountains added a nice hue, but the Tetons had always enchanted me.
Itsperfect, I stammered.
Henry parked the car, opting to avoid valet. Since it was Thursday, it was not crowded, and like him, I wanted to walk. He pulled me into a hug as we walked in the chill. It felt as if we had been dating for years, not a day, and I reminded myself this was our first official date. 
He waved at the bellhop as we walked through the automatic doorway, which led to a massive fireplace with elegant dcor. It was rustic and beautiful, with arches and dim lighting that made me feel truly in the mountains out west.
I thought I could bring us a little West Coast out here in the east.
Thank you, I whispered. This is absolutely stunning.
Just get ready for the food, Michelin. He led me to the end of the lobby, where an expensive restaurant greeted us. Another huge fireplace was located at the stone walls, and we were seated nearby. Without looking at the menu, I already knew what I was hungry for, and within a few minutes, Henry and I were happily munching on our Caesar salads.
A candle gleamed between us. When your sister talked about your ex-boyfriend, was she being truly serious?
I sipped the glass of water before me. He was curious, and it was my duty to tell him. Yeah. His name is Kurt. Hes from Germany, and we met in Arizona when I was twenty. Our relationship lasted for six or seven years, and it was full of ups-and-downs. I went with him to Germany and met his family. I was practically a child at the Kapelmann homestead, both the American and German branches.
Germany, huh? Henry said, taking a swig of coke. He did not seem to me to be a big drinker. Neither was I, and I was happy for that. Kurt had always had an addiction to all types of alcohol  he was German, and Oktoberfest was real. You go from a German to a French-American, huh?
Were you born here?
Henry shook his head. I was born in Le Cannet. I lived there for seven years. We moved to the States later, so I could improve my English and apply for citizenship like my parents had done. Now, we can talk about my French heritage later. Tell me about Kurt.
Well, Kurts a big-shot lawyer. We had a great relationship. I thought we were going to marry and have a bunch of little Kapelmann kids, but I was wrong. He proposed, but he was never ready to take the plunge. I dont think I was either, honestly. One night, he cornered me. I stopped, remembering that night in vivid detail. He was drunk, I continued, thankful Henry wasnt drinking, and he was physical.
Henry slammed his fork against the plate. What?
I wanted to bury my head in my hands, but I stayed strong. I reached out to touch Henrys hand, because I was revealing personal information to show I trusted him. He didnt go through with it, Henry. I was able to talk to him, calm him down, remind him that I was his fiance, a girl who was special and not meant to be hurt.
Dont give me that, Candice. Youre a horrendous liar. Tell me you beat his
I smiled. I did, I did kick him in the crotch. I paused, seeing Henrys angry scowl. It was obvious he wished I had done more to Kurt.  And he stopped, I continued. After that, I cried for days. I refused to speak with him, and I stayed inside weeping with Peppermint. I broke up with him, but when I saw him a few months later, I almost began dating him again. He had stopped drinking, and he was a partner at his firm, but I knew I was not able to love him the way I wanted to love someone. He would never want to be as serious with me as what I wanted.
Henry still frowned, but he nodded in response. I wish I could beat him up, Candice, but that would do nothing. I hope, for his sake, that hes changed, but treating a woman like that is inexcusable. Especially you.
I gulped, flattered. Thanks, Henry.
Did you love him?
I nodded as the waiter brought us our steaks. My mouth watered in pleasure, and I thanked Steve the Waiter, but I answered Henry, Yes, I did. I still love him, Henry. But Im not in love with him. He will always have a piece of my heart. I spent six years waiting for him. Those are years and memories I will never take back.
He took a bite of his steak, pleased with my answer. Kurt lost out on a great girl, but Im glad he did. That means Im going to take over, and do what he didnt do.
My eyes lit up. But I couldnt resist the question that foamed on the tip of my tongue And you? What about your past girlfriends? Anything serious? I twirled my steak knife around, trying to seem casually interested.
Was it wrong? I had snooped through the photo album at his house, and I was pretending I knew nothing of his past relationships. The warnings from Adle, Jean, and Aunt Genevieve resounded in my head. I wasnt sure if I wanted to know about the girls whom Henry had flattered. The thought made me queasy, and I couldnt eat my steak for a few seconds. I was nervous, afraid of my competition. I only had one previous lover, and Henry had many. 
He looked at me, but his eyes lowered. The heat from the fireplace was ready to suffocate my lungs. Candice, he whispered, I need you to understand that Im not the same person I used to be.
Okay, I squeaked. None of us are.
Henry gulped, and I could tell he was having a hard time opening up. No, Candice. I was a part of some things I am really unhappy about. Some things that left me a shattered man, a guy whom I hate to think about. But I think you should know about me before we continue. He shifted uncomfortably.


Chapter Sixteen
Henry


I WAS HAVING a hard time looking at Candice, her big blue eyes staring at me innocently. She was so insanely beautiful, and I was afraid that what I said would alarm her, and take her away from me. I had to tell her, though, or I would have lost all remnants of the person I wanted to be. So, with a nervous murmur, I looked into her eyes and told her everything.
I was born in Le Cannet, France, to Jean and Adle Desrosiers. They were both in their late-twenties when they had me, and I knew of my mothers raucous past, and they had waited many months for my arrival. I was born to them, a happy couple, and with them came my cousins and Papy and Auntie. We all lived near each other in a chateau overlooking the Mediterranean.
I was a loud boy, always asking questions about the future. Why does Mommy always take a shot in the morning? What is that pill Mommy is taking? Why does Mommy always complain about her feet? were questions I asked frequently. I discovered my mother was diabetic, and she took birth control, and her feet had enormous bunions. 
As I grew, I loved science, not the chemistry of the world, but the anatomy of a human person. From the time of my youth, I knew I wanted to help people. I wanted to be a doctor, like my Uncle Papy, and I was going to excel to new heights if I could go to a prestigious university and continue a picture-perfect life. 
We moved to the US, and I attended elite schools. I came home on the weekends to find my siblings just as alone as I felt. Mom was rapidly becoming a harsher woman, a woman born in slums, but in her middle years, a woman who wouldnt leave her house without a fur coat. 
Dad was incredibly successful. His company went from a rich idea to a worldwide phenomenon, and with it came the riches of an empire. He was always gone, and Mom was alone in the house. Later, I discovered things about the both of them I could never get out of my mind, but that wasnt what led me to my disturbing, partying teenage years.
I attended boarding school in New Hampshire. It was like college, a preparatory school in the hills. It was not co-ed, which drove all of us guys insane. We wanted three things: booze, drugs, and girls, and we didnt have access to the third. So, on Saturdays, instead of going home like I had in my past, I went to clubs and parties in Massachusetts, away from my family and school, so I could find girls and get drunk every night.
It was a slow, gradual process from boyhood science nerd to party boy with a penchant for older women. Slowly, alcohol became me, and my grades slipped. Somehow, I made a near-perfect score on my SAT, garnering me attention from all the colleges I wanted to go to. I knew I wanted to be a pre-med major, and I wanted to go to Indiana. I dont know why, but that was where I wanted to go. A part of me, the kid who drank and had sex every weekend, wanted to get away from that life.
Senior year was difficult. Dad pressured me to go to NYU for a business degree. He wanted to hand the company over to his son, but I wasnt the guy for him. I tried to tell him, but he wanted me to be like him. I couldnt do it. That night, after ending a phone call with my angry dad, I drove all the way to Vermont, hoping to seek advice from my freshman sister, who was also supposed to be studying at boarding school.
For some reason, I ended up at a bar, and I met a girl whom I eagerly wanted to date. Her name was Carley. Carley was nave and innocent, and too good for the club. I planned to take her away, back to her dorm, but before I could leave, I watched my sister, the ninth-grade Shelby Desrosiers, drink three bottles of whiskey and disappear into a backroom with a college kid. Seeing my sister at a pub threw me off a suspending ledge.
Before I knew what I was doing, I ended up in jail. I had beaten the guy to a pulp, and Shelby was embarrassed. Dad bailed me out, and I knew his dreams were crushed. With the point on my record, there was no way I was going to NYU. Shelby was in hot water too. My parents realized what partiers their kids had become, and, with heavy hearts, they sent her to a strict Catholic school in upstate New York. As for me, my dad didnt want to ruin my chances of entering a business program, so I stayed at the boarding school.
I met up with Carley later, and she thought I was a hero for saving Shelby. We ended up dating, and I took her to prom that spring. Carley was the one who encouraged me to follow my heart, and with her help, I told my dad what I planned to do: I would go to Indiana to major in pre-med. I would become a doctor.
Mom was proud, but Dad was so angry that he disowned me and vowed never to speak to me for years. I didnt care. Carley was going to Purdue, and I was going to Indiana. We managed to keep our relationship going, and for three years, I wanted to marry her. After we graduated, we planned on a spring wedding.
That was when the partying became a habit again. Carley majored in science, too. She wanted to be a veterinarian. We lived together at that point, but her parents hated the idea of it. We needed to marry, she told me, and I was afraid of commitment. I was twenty-two, and not mature in any fashion. I went out to drink, as I had for many years, and I met Piper there. Piper didnt want to pressure me. She told me things I wanted to hear. A week later, I left Carley for Piper.
To pay for the immense debt I was in, I worked as a male model. I did anything I could to keep the bills going, and if that meant modeling, writing, working at Starbucks, I did it. I wanted to prove that I could do something for myself, and I could.
Piper and I dated for four years before we found out she was pregnant. I was hideously afraid, and I couldnt imagine what Carley thought of me, but my relationship with Piper was easy. We shared a house, a bed, and then a child. I still frequented the bar, and Piper continued her studies, but by the time I was twenty-six, I was sure that Piper was my one. We would marry. 
Piper didnt want marriage. She wasnt ready and reminded me of the time four years ago when we had met. I dont want to be married, I had told her. I dont want to be attached to anyone.
The words stung. Piper didnt want to marry me, as I hadnt wanted to marry Carley. I realized what kind of monster I was at that point, but then Piper had a change of heart. She went to church and became devout. She changed her opinions of our relationship completely, and we married soon after. 
She was almost eight months pregnant when it happened. We had been married for two months and I changed my behavior. I didnt go to the bar. I was at home, painting the walls of our small loft for the arrival of our baby boy. We were so excited, ready to start a family. It wasnt easy, with the lack of money and tuition for both of us, but we were extremely happy.
I still remember every detail about that afternoon. I was in the library studying, and I had spotted Carley through a bookshelf. I was surprised, and I went to her. Carley?
Carley was stunned to see me. Henry? I didnt expect to see you here. She anxiously scratched her arm when she spotted my wedding ring.
Purdue is far away, I noted. What brings you to this neck of the woods?
Carley smiled. I just received a job transfer here.
Listen, I whispered. Ive been trying to track you down for months now. I wanted to truly apologize for my actions. I am such
Dont, she said, giving me a melancholy smile. Its all right. I was pressuring you.
That doesnt excuse anything. I havent even begun to
No, Carley reassured me, touching my arm. Its for the better. I see you are married. I bet she is a lovely woman.
I nodded, digging through my hair. You?
No one yet, Carley whispered. Ill find someone.
Someone who can give you the best, Carley. I never deserved you. Dont settle for less.
She shook her dark hair. No, I wouldnt change a thing, Henry. Tell your wife I said hello.
However, seconds after saying good-bye to Carley, my phone vibrated in my pocket. Henry?
It was my old pal, Enrico, who was finishing up his residency shift at the hospital nearby. His voice was raspy and I could sense the alarm. Enrico? Whats wrong?
Its Piper. And your baby.
Piper?
She was in a bad wreck, Henry. Im not going to lie to you.
I couldnt breathe. On the scale?
Henry, no. You need to come. Now.
Enrico slammed his phone shut and I was forced to drive in agony over the health of my wife and unborn son. The emotions that pounded my mind were thoughts I would never wish on anyone. I was afraid, angry. I had no idea what to expect. Enrico was usually so level-headed that I really wondered what had happened.
Im surprised I didnt wreck the car while I was driving to the hospital from the local library. I could barely think straight until I walked into the same hospital where I also worked. I passed the same check-in lady, Velda, and the regular ER nurses. 
No one stopped me from running through the halls. They knew me as the Indiana kid, and I knew them all similarly. I rushed as fast I could through those halls, and when I stopped in front of the room, my heart stopped. It was the operating table.
My friend, my best friend, Enrico Rosio, stared at me with unwavering eyes. Without thinking, he pulled me into a bear hug. I had never seen the man so open with his emotions, but he would not let go of me. He knew I needed someone, but I knew Piper and our son needed me.
Enrico, tell me, I whispered, barely able to mumble those three words.
Enricos eyes watered. The outlook is not good, my friend, he said. I know you like the honest facts, and its not looking good.
I swallowed, refusing to listen. Enrico told me not to enter that room, and I didnt. I refused to compromise the surgery, but I sat in pain for three hours, a duration I would never forget. I did not know whether to cry or to punch a wall, so I sat there, not moving an inch. They needed me, I reminded myself. 
A doctor, one I recognized, came out to me. Henry, he whispered, remembering me as well. I wasnt able to think, so I did not say anything. Youre in shock, the doctor continued, falling to his knees beside me, pointing a light into my eyes. Henry, stay with me. We need to keep you here for Piper and your son. Come on, Henry. You can beat this.
That was the only motivation I needed. I stood up, and told him, Thank you, Doctor. Now tell me. What happened?
Dr. Percy James, a spry black man, heavily sighed. He took off his glasses to rub his eyes, and for the first time, I noted the spattered blood on his scrubs. I knew instantly. Percy was having troubles telling me, but I knew. 
Percy, I said, remembering his name, reaching out to touch his arm. Save our son. Do what you can for them both, but Piper would want us to save our child. Save our son.
Percy nodded, and a gentle tear trickled down his face. I knew. I knew. I knew. Percy didnt know how to tell me, so he nodded. I am trying, Henry. We are trying our very best, butyou must know that Piper and your son never should have survived this.
My heart stopped beating. No one was telling me anything. I wanted to know, but I closed my eyes and remembered our wedding day - Piper in her pretty white dress, our wedding only attended by a few people; when we found out about our son; when Piper came home to me willing to marry me after becoming a Christian.
Is she dead?
Percy looked up at me. His eyes were watering now, and I knew this man was emotionally wrecked. Not yet.
There. That was all the affirming I needed. I fell to the ground. I did not faint, but as Percy and another nurse, Krista, tried to yell at me to regain composure, I stared blankly at the walls. My eyes refused to blink. I replayed my short life in my head, the past twenty-seven years of a time ending as I knew it. Why was this happening to me? I had changed my ways. I didnt drink. I didnt smoke. I didnt use drugs, and I didnt take a girl home every night.
Three minutes after Percy whispered, Not yet, my wife, Piper, died. She never should have lived for the hours she did, and later on, I discovered that Percy had done everything humanly possible to save her and our son. 
Piper had been impaled in the neck by a piece of metal after slamming into a Prius on the interstate. Somehow, blood flow was still able to occur, feeding our baby in the time being. Piper hadnt gained consciousness. The driver of the Prius had done nothing wrong, and neither had Piper. It was a fluke accident, and left the other driver unscathed completely. However, the speeds of both parties involved and the crash from wet roads landed my wife in dire straits. 
Christian Paul Desrosiers was born one month and three days premature. It was a miracle he was alive, and when I was able to touch him for the first time, I cried for hours. I held him in my arms for days, thankful that though I had lost Piper, my son was still allowed to breathe on Earth.
Two months later, after receiving the best possible care from the doctors at the hospital, I took Christian home. My mother was there, promising her hand to help me. I was surprised, but I needed the help. My father and I made up, and my parents promised to help me care for my son. 
I sunk into a mild depression after losing Piper. I had a good life, I told myself, because of little Christian, but I snuck an occasional vodka bottle now and then. I wasnt spinning out of control, but I shouldnt have been drinking around my baby son. With my mothers help, I moved to Texas to finish my degree, and after the mandatory hours of residency, I became a full-fledged surgeon.
Enrico moved to Texas to be closer to his family, and he helped me with my son. On his first birthday, Christian began crying for long periods of time, unusual for him. He was a quiet child, and confused and in need of a second opinion, I took him to an oncologist, because I knew Pipers family had a long history of cancer. Pipers parents both had cancer, and her sister was a survivor.
Christian was diagnosed early on. My string of bad luck was impossible to run from. I gave him the best care possible, and we moved to Houston for a period to be near the great hospital there. Christian was cared for by the best in the country, but it wasnt enough. He was a year and a half when he passed away.
He was buried right next to Piper. I really leaned on my family at that time, and I was in complete shock. I didnt leave the house unless I had to provide surgery. Im surprised the hospital allowed me to function there, because I was a real wreck. I had lost both my wife and son in two years, and I was heart-broken.
One night, I tried to kill myself. I cursed God for playing with me, taking away Piper and Christian, and I wanted to end it all. Enrico was my only source of fun, and he too did not know how to act around me. I was a loose cannon.
That night, I went to the worst part of Houston, picked up a prostitute, and drank so much beer that every man in Texas could have joined me for a feast. After I paid the girl, I thought about a way I wanted to go. I could shoot myself, and I would feel only a second of pain, but that would be a messy way to go. I could jump off a bridge, and I could die from the fall, but drowning wasnt my cup of tea. I could beat some gangsters and die orI could jump in front of a car.
I wasnt thinking clearly because I was intoxicated, so I jumped in front of a beat-up Trans-Am. It was speeding, and the man behind the wheel was snorting cocaine with his girlfriend. He saw me and swerved, driving into a caf opened late that night. Luckily, no one was hurt in the restaurant. However, the driver was arrested for possession of drugs. 
Meanwhile, my plan of suicide failed. I saw the flash of lights, but I had almost harmed another person because of my selfishness. That night, I checked myself into rehab. I told no one of my problems, and two weeks later, I left, promising to be a better man.
Since then, two years ago, I devoted myself to being the best doctor I could be. I had a string of girlfriends, none of whom I told my past. There were a few relationships that were serious, but none whom I thought could handle the way I was before. I dated beautiful women, smart women, but it never worked out.
And I never fell head over heels in love with any of them. I guess I was waiting on someone the whole time since Christian passed away. If I was honest with myself, none of those women I dated would have made good mothers to my son, and Piper would never have that. Despite losing my wife and little boy, I know they watch me from heaven. Theres no doubt about that. I honestly believe that I will see both again.


Chapter Seventeen
Candice


WELL, MY QUESTIONS  were answered. I barely breathed during Henrys melting confession. As I stared into his pained blue eyes, I held his hand, not letting go. Henry, that guy isnt you anymore. I see a caring man, someone who would have done anything to protect his wife and son. I would bet you everything to say they are watching from heaven, wanting you to find happiness.
That was so much to put on you, Candice. I am sorry. Ive never been able to share any of this...
My heart swelled with pride. You can talk to me about anything. Dont look down on yourself because of your past. You have the present and the future to look forward to.
I miss them so much, Henry said, his eyes gleaming. Piper and Christian. Piper and I never had the love we wanted, but she was dear to me. We would have grown into a couple like Papy and Auntie, but we never got the chance. But I think it was her time to go, and she knew what was coming my way, he winked.
I smiled. She is happy, Henry. You gave her love, and because of you, she went to church, and Christian
Henry nodded politely as we paid the bill. We were silent the walk to the car, but we both enjoyed it. I was still developing the idea of Henry as a drinking womanizer, and no doubt, he was wondering about Kurt Kapelmann. Surely he would know my true feelings.
We sang again the car, but it was not the same. I couldnt sing after hearing about Piper, a woman I had judged only hours before, and his darling son. Why was Christian not in the Henry album in their library? The pictures probably pained Adle to the core. I was sure Henry had many pictures of his wife and son in his Texas home. I wanted to meet the boy, and I knew someday I would. 
Henry had experienced much more of the world than I ever had, and I could not imagine the suffering he had gone through. When I first met him on the plane, he was suave and wise, because he had experienced things. He was much stronger than I previously believed, and I looked up to him because of it.
What are you thinking? he asked me as we drove home.
Besides how great that steak was, I smiled before saying, I am thankful for you, Henry. And I am so honored that you shared your story with me. I can only tell you I am sorry, and that I cant wait to meet Piper and Christian someday. You will see them again.
Henry kissed the top of my fingers. Thank you for listening to me, Candice. I really love trusting someone, and that person being you adds to my happiness. Lets talk about something positive for once, Cand. That girls night is tomorrow. Excited?
I shuddered thinking about it. Can I stay at home and watch an action movie with you instead? We can make popcorn, and have root beer floats
He chuckled. You know, that sounds nice, but my sister wont have it. Im going to pick her up at the airport, actually. Would you like to come with me? It will give us a little more alone time before you guys drive away to Asheville for a bachelorette party. Im sure that will get wild. Very wild, if Shelby Lantana is involved.
Oh Lord, I laughed, burying my head in my hands. You know me, and I am more of a stay-in-your pajamas kind of girl, fluffy socks included. Anyhow, I can imagine them going to a casino, drinking till they puke, and making me the designated driver.
As long as there isnt a guy invited into your hotel room, it wont get too rowdy.
If thats the case, Im seriously hopping a flight to Arizona, or maybe I will drive to the local parish.
We laughed together. Im kind of nervous. Is that wrong?
No, Candice. You are too sweet. Go out and have fun.
I remembered my little rant at the mirror before meeting up with Henry. I needed to experience life, but now that sounded scary and I wasnt sure if I could leave my comfort zone. I didnt want to seem like a twit.
I will try, I said, but no promises.
After we parked the blue, sparkling car in the garage, I fed Peppermint. Then, Henry and I walked inside to a dark house, and we walked up the stairs, debating on health care issues. He kissed me good-night, reminding me that, at nine oclock, we would leave Chaucer for Asheville to pick up Shelby Desrosiers-Lantana and her family. 
I was nervous about the impending day. Could I take my advice? Or would I continue being the shy Candice Michelin? I forgot about my inner-debate after having a late-night music marathon to Boy George. 

***

THAT MORNING, I showered and coated my eyelashes with mascara in ten minutes. I straightened my hairsomething I rarely did but was doing to impress Henryand threw on a nice purple blouse and jeans. I finished the outfit with gold flats, and to my delight, I checked my watch to see I was five minutes early.  
I waited for Henry by the winding staircase, and he left his room a few minutes later. He stretched his arm over my shoulder, and my eyes widened with love. You look nice today, Candice Michelin.
I looked back at him. He too was in jeans and a nice pullover. His dark hair was longer by the growing day, and he had allowed his stubble to grow a little more. He had revealed that the constant pressures of shaving for his job and cutting his hair were annoying him, so he was going to let it grow in North Carolina. However, I refused to let him grow his hair out to be a mountain man. That simply would not do. 
Ready to meet my crazy sister?
Yes, I think I am. Now, who is she married to?
We took the Lexus, and I drove. I sped while Henry checked his phone for updates on Shelbys arrival to town.
She is married to a man named Kip Lantana. He is from Ohio, but they live in Boston now. He is an architect, and Shelby works as a fashion editor for a girly magazine you have probably heard about. They have two children: little Elliot, who is four; and a baby girl, Charlotte, who is two.
Didnt you say Shelby is a party girl?
She is. I dont understand how Kip is married to her. He is so laid back, and spends every night watching the History Channel, but Shelby is always at parties for her job, and never got over her youth. Shes twenty-seven, but she has the energy of a girl ten years younger.
Their children?
I love my niece and nephew, but their mother could be a lot more involved. Shelby remembers our parents, how they treated us, and she decided not to change her behavior. I want to be as open as I can with my kids. I want to be a part of their lives, but Shelby is more concerned with work, I guess.
I smiled, pleased Henry wanted to be involved with his children. I knew how he felt about his son, Christian. They landed a few minutes ago, he announced as we approached the airport.
We pulled the car up to the terminal gates, where Shelby was to meet us. I was afraid the lady directing traffic would arrest us, but almost immediately, I spotted the Lantanas. I noticed Shelby first, because who wouldnt?
The most beautiful woman I had ever seen stood on the curb with a deluxe-sized Vuitton suitcase. Her long, dirty-blonde hair fell down her yellow Burberry coat, and though she was the mother of two, she was anorexicly thin. Beside her stood a man with orange hair and hip glasses holding the hands of a black-haired son who looked just like Henry and a yellowhaired daughter who was kicking a leaf on the concrete. 
That is your sister? I pointed as I parked the vehicle.
Henry unbuckled his seat belt and winked. Shes beautiful, but not as beautiful as my lady.
My mouth fell open, and I tried to swat him, but he was already out of the car, surrounded by chants of Henry! Uncle Henry!
I opened the drivers side door, eager to help throw suitcases into the back of the car. I knew the traffic lady would yell at me for leaving the car semi-unattended, but I didnt care. I watched as Henry picked two little children into his arms and smothered them. He kissed them and they squealed with delight. 
How are my favorite kiddos?
Uncle Henry, the little girl cooed, you are tickling me!
Her older brother laughed harder, his boyish grin making me wish he was my son. Daddy got me a dinosaur from the store. The boy showed his uncle, and Henry smiled.
We will have to play dino adventures when we get to Memes, okay? Lets get you buckled up, all right, Elliott? Eli, my boy, be good to your sister, okay?
Mommy tells us about how you and her used to fight all the time, breathed little Elliott as Henry strapped him into his car seat.
Brubber and I fight always, whispered Charlotte as she pulled on her expensive-looking coat. My mouth fell open when I realized it was real fur.
I offered my hand to Shelby, whose eyes skeptically gave me an up-and-down scowl. She shook her long hair and shook my hand as if I was an insect, but then pulled me into a long hug. I like your eyes, she whispered, and I felt extremely awkward. Party girl Shelby, a fashion designer, was telling me I had pretty eyes?
Her husband hugged me too. Hi, you must be Candice.
Yes. Its very nice to meet you both.
Is that your girlfriend? asked Charlotte as Henry strapped her in. Only it sounded like girfwiend.
I blushed, and Shelby nudged me like we were sisters. Yes, she is, Henry said, focusing on his niece. 
Can I help you with the bags? I asked Shelby and Kip.
Oh, no worries, Kip said, his voice like sandpaper. I liked this man.
Shelby grabbed my arm and said, We have a lot of catching up to do, sis.
Sis?
Of course! exclaimed Shelby, pushing me into the back seat of the Lexus. Tonight were going to have a non-stop party. Do you mind if I do your hair? Were doing different decades to look like even bigger losers than what we really are!
Well, I hadnt heard of this, but Shelby excitedly shouted, Ellie is going as 60s babe, Im going as 70s go-go, youre 80s, and Greta is 1990s, baby.
My eyes widened to maximum length. Oh, I squeaked. I was thankful I was assigned the 80s, but what was this? The 80s is my favorite decade, I offered with a chew on the nail.
Great! Shelby exclaimed, ignoring her children completely. Before she could grab my hand again, I looked back at them. Hi, Elliott, Charlotte.
Are you really dating Uncle Henry? Elliott asked, his eyes the familiar shade of Desrosiers blue. 
I am, I whispered, eagerly extending my hand to the little guy.
Elliott frowned. Thats not fair.
Why not, kiddo? Shelby asked, patting his leg, but he ignored her, too. Shelby seemed like a boy-obsessed sister, not their mother.
I want Aunt Candice to be my girlfriend, Elliott pouted.
Charlotte jumped in. Aunt Candice, will you pway dollies with me?
Aunt Candice is talking to me, Veronika Charlotte, scolded Shelby lightly as she pulled a compact out of her thousand-dollar purse that cost more than three months rent at my apartment in Oro Valley. 
 I can talk and play, I announced, seeing Charlottes sparkling eyes light up. The girl was probably used to playing dolls with her nanny, but I could sense she wanted to be like Mommy. If Mommy talked to Aunt Candice, Charlotte wanted to as well.
Charlotte pulled a blonde-haired Barbie doll out. Would you like Marissa or Barbie?
Marissa, I said as Charlotte placed a brunette doll in my hands.
Marissa looks like Audrey Hepburn, Shelby clarified, coating her lips with more gloss. Do you have an idea of what to wear for tonight?
Not a clue, I honestly said. Im sure my sister will have something.
Ellie is darling.
Is Ellie dating anybody? Elliott solemnly asked as he tugged on his seatbelt.
Shes getting married, Elliott, Shelby said exasperatedly. Youre too young to be worrying about girls, sweetie.
Nanny said that she would marry me someday, but I dont wanna marry Nanny. Shes too old.
I laughed, and Shelby rolled her eyes. Kids.
Theyre adorable, I cooed as I played dolls with Charlotte. Henry and Kip entered the car, talking about cars, nonetheless.
You can have them, Shelby teased, but I had a feeling she wasnt kidding. 
You guys wouldnt mind coming to Arizona with me? I asked, enamored with the kids.
Wheres Arizona? asked little Charlotte, her eyes big. Are there dollies there?
Of course not, Elliott argued, there are cowboys there. Its in the desert. With all the canyons.
What a smart boy. I was truly impressed by Elliott, and I nodded. But there are dollies too, Charlotte.
Barbies?
Of course.
I want to go! Charlotte clapped her little hands together.
Me too, Elliott said, his words articulated perfectly. I wouldnt mind becoming a cowboy. That way I could impress a girl by showing that Im a good shot.
Shelby turned to tickle him. My little boy? A cowboy? Cowboy Elliott, yall.
I laughed happily when I saw Shelby interact with Elliott. The ride home to Chaucer was filled with merriment and laughter. I devoted my time to the kids, and Shelby did, too. Henry and Kip talked about cars and sports and the impending wedding. Shelby continued to tell me about the night planned ahead, and I tried not to cry.
What could I say? It was my sisters bachelorette party, and I was not going to be the party pooper. I would try to put on a fun face, but I was not into clubbing of any sort, as I always knew the thing from Christian teen camps  leave space for Jesus  and being fitted for a gown seemed like the highlight of the night to me. There was an extravagant dinner planned in downtown, and then we would party until we dropped in a snazzy, fancy hotel called Appalachia.
We want Auntie Candice to be with us tonight, Charlotte yawned as we pulled into the drive.
You have Meme, I said. I have to go to a party for my sister.
Aunt Ellie? asked Elliott. 
Yes, she is my sister.
You look nothing alike, he pointed out.
I agree with you, peewee.
We helped the Lantanas into the Estate, and before I knew it, without even saying hello to her family members, Shelby swept me up the stairs, and threw me into her room, locking it behind her. We only have six hours to turn into 70s and 80s chicks. Now, weve got a lot to do. Im going to take a shower, and you pick some stuff from my suitcase.
Okay, I gulped as she turned the water on.  Her room was identical to my guest room, and the bathroom looked elegant, too. I opened up her suitcase to see designer-labeled clothing. I wondered how she had all of her clothing fitting in the tight area, but I didnt complain. Even as a tomboyish gal, my eyes watered at the colors she had packed.
I heard her singing in the shower as I picked up an outfit perfectly laid out with a sticky-note that read, TO CANDICE, IM SO GLAD WERE ABOUT TO BE SISTERS. I laughed so hard when I saw the get-up she had planned for me. Tears poured down my face as my dreams came true. My life was about to become an 80s movie or sitcom, rad.
When Shelby entered her room again in a towel, she doubled over in laughter. Candice Michelin! She pulled me over to the mirror, where I gasped and choked on my own giggles. 80s dancer, for sure.
Get dressed, I teased, so we can be sisters from different decades.
Sisters from other misters, she said as she went to her suitcase. I want to do your hair big, bouncy. Mind if I curl it? I thought we could bond doing this.
Shelby wanted to bond with me by curling my hair? We were polar opposites, but I agreed whole-heartedly while she showed me her go-go boots and revealing dress with a pink and green floral pattern. It was very sleazy, but this was a bachelorette party, right? 
I looked at my outfit in the mirror while Shelby dressed. I was wearing a bright, colorful outfit. I wore pink, four-inch heels with fishnets; a short, laced, pink skirt; a black one-shouldered shirt with colors of neon splattered across the cloth; big hoop earrings; fishnet, fingerless black gloves; and bangles. I couldnt wait to see what Shelby did with my hair.
Hey, Candice, put these on your ankles! Shelby called to me, throwing me four scrunchies. I did as she commanded, and my 80s look was almost complete, minus the makeup and hair. 
After she was dressed, she led me to the bathroom, where I watched her in action through the big glass mirror. She pulled out a curling iron and as it heated, she dipped her hands in a serum to control frizz. You have gorgeous hair, Candice. Thick and blonde, a hard deal to come by.
We have similar hair, I pointed out.
Yes, but I dye my hair. I can tell youve never dyed your hair in your life.
I giggled. I always wanted to go blonder.
No. Youre one of the truest blondes out there. Keep it up, sis. She started talking to me about Boston as she curled my hair. I was in awe by how fast she could use the machine, and my hair was big, bouncy, and curly in minutes. It made my hair appear shorter, only to my shoulder, but it was perfect 80s hair.
I bet Henry told you Im a party girl.
Yes, he did, I blushed.
Shelby nodded skeptically. Im better than I used to be, Ill give you that. Tonight, hopefully, things wont get too rowdy, although its Ellies big bachelorette party.
Are they even doing anything for Liam? I asked her as she began applying pink lipstick. 
Shelby nodded, her hair smelling of lilac. Yes, theyre going on a golfing, camping day a week before the wedding.
Well, its December 4th, and it seems like Ive been here for eons.
Thats what Chaucer will do to you. Its so small, and if youre not an outdoorsy person, its hard to relate.
Do you like Massachusetts? I asked her as I pulled on a bouncy, blonde curl. 
Shelby nodded. Its a great place for young people, but for my kids, I know they hate it. Kip wants to move to a suburban place outside of the city, but Im not sure Im up for it. Im still that young woman, too, you know? I had my kids when I was twenty-three and twenty-five, respectively, and I feel so tied down. I never had a chance to prove myself.
Cmon, Shelby, I dolled, my eyes wide. Youre amazing! Youve already proved to me that youre going to be a great sister to Ellie, and maybe to me. You can live both worlds. Your kids really want their mom, Shelby.
Shelby nodded as she finished coating my lips with additional gloss. Youre right. But Im afraid Im not with them enough and they already love their nanny more.
Get rid of the nanny.
Its not that simple. Kip and I both work busy schedules, and someone needs to be with Charlotte and Elliott.
Move to Tucson, and they have a babysitter in Aunt Candice.
Shelby smiled, pulling me into a hug. Youre so sweet, Candice. Now stand up, let me size you up.
I stood, towering in my heels, but Shelby was tall, too. She shifted my shirt a little to expose more skin, and pulled on my skirt to make the ruffles tighter. You look perfect. Stay here while I put on my makeup.
In five minutes, Shelby was perfectly ready. Her dark blonde hair fell lusciously down her back with a hippie headband covering her forehead. She placed a purple scarf on her neck, and zipped up her white go-go boots, and shifting on one leg, gave me the peace sign. Her dress was very revealing, but Shelby didnt seem to mind. Voila.
You look so 70s, its like Ive stepped into a time warp.
Shelby giggled, pulling me with her across the hall. We have to go show my brother.
Oh, please tell me you mean Liam
Without knocking, Shelby shoved me into his room, and I awkwardly landed in his arms. Candice? he asked, his eyes wide. 
It was sheer luck that I had landed in his arms. I saw that he had just stood up, and a laptop lay on his bed. Oh, hi. Funny meeting you here.
Shelby entered, and seeing him holding me, she laughed. Oh, Henry, always a womanizer.
Henry pulled Shelby into a big hug. I can say that you look very slutty, sis.
She slapped his chest, and crooned, Im still the Shelby from the 2000s, Henry. Just a little bit older.
Henry rolled his eyes. What would Elliott think?
Elliott would be proud, Shelby yawned, falling onto Henrys bed. Look at your girlfriend. Shes impossibly cute, isnt she?
I covered my face, and looked up to see Henry smiling at me. She is. You look good, Candice.
Shelby sat up, a scowl on her lips. Henry Clancy Desrosiers, you think she only looks good? I see models for a living, and I can tell you she looks better than good, better than hot, better than beautiful, better than stunning. Candice is a work of art!
I wouldnt go that far, I shyly chuckled. Where was Peppermint when I needed her?
When are you guys going out? Henry asked, holding me by the waist, which I wasnt sure if I was comfortable with or not. I felt very awkward in the Henry-Shelby zone.
Soon, Shelby said, blowing on her fingernails.
I broke from Henry, needing fresh air. II think I need to go see Peppermint.
Ill come with you, he offered, but he quizzically looked at me when I shook my head.
Im just going to have some peace with Pep, if you dont mind.
Of course not, he whispered, holding my hand.
I waved at Shelby and exited, tears almost ruining my makeup. I wasnt sure if I should see Peppermint, the slobbery dog, when Shelby had just prepped me for partying, so I went into the library, my place of solace. I didnt understand why I had a feeling of regret with the siblings upstairs. Was it because I didnt know either of them well, and Henrys life wasnt as classy as I thought it was? No, it wasnt that. I could handle his past.
 What was it then? Were things moving too fast because I wasnt a big touchy-feely person? I picked up a copy of Crime and Punishment and hurried up the spiral staircase, in need of a good book and a pop. 
To my surprising wonder, Adle stood at the top of the staircase, holding the album marked JEAN LIAM DESROSIERS. I heard her sniffling, and when she turned to face me, her eyes were red and puffy with tears. Her gray hair was piled on her head in a fancy manner, and her distinct, gold robe caught my distraction through the library chandelier. She wore no makeup, and she was a sight to behold, because even in her later years, she was stunning. Her high cheekbones spoke of nobility, and her sea eyes were like the Caribbean Sea. She had a slightly upturned nose, with a prominent set of lips, and though she was a dignified woman, her slouch of today was slightly confusing. What had made Adle cry?
Adle? I whispered, lightly treading the stairs. Do you need a hug? We hadnt had a great track record, but I knew Adle needed someone to comfort her.
Adle turned, and surprise covered her face. Go away, she barked like a lonely child. Its you, and I dont want to see you.
Adle, I said again, please let me help you. My mom always told me that hugs can do things words cant.
Adle scowled at me, her dignity torn and scattered. I thought she was going to tell me to leave again, but she pulled me into a hug. It was awkward at first, but she relaxed and clutched me with fright. Tears poured down her face, and I held her for a very long time. 
Im such a nasty twit, am I not? she asked, wiping the tears from her eyelids. None of my children have seen me without makeup in God knows when. And here you come, not afraid of me in any manner. An old hag crying her eyes out, and you offer to hug her? Ive been so mean to you, Candice, and I want you to forgive me for it.
Its okay, I honestly told her, my heart breaking into shards with her poignant speech. You dont have to apologize, because Ive been rude as well. I could have prevented everything that has happened in my stead.
Adles lungs contracted as she giggled a gentle laugh that reminded me of a breeze on the ocean. You are one interesting little girl, Candice Michelin. When your sister spoke of you, I had no idea who you were. She described you as a dignified young woman with an open heart, but she never told me how humorous, gentle, and kind you are.
You flatter me, Adle.
You deserve the compliments, darling. Youre right, though. Hugs can do things words cant. Thank you for your kindness, Candice. That spoke volumes to my soul. I understand if you wont forgive me, and heaven knows my children wont, but you are the child I wish I could have loved with my being. You denote grace.
Im the clumsiest person, was all I could say through her kind words to me.
Adle chuckled again, this time reminding me of popcorn, her puffy eyes already smiling with warmth. You might be physically clumsy, but you have the power to change hearts, Candice. That is a gift. That is your grace.
Thank you, Adle. 
Noting my shyness, she tugged on my shirt, placing it closer to my skin. Shelby, let me guess? She never was one for being classy. Liam was always my classy baby. Even at two-years-old, he would dress up like his daddy in loafers and Lauren Polos.
Awe, I crooned, imagining baby Liam. And Henry wasnt?
Adle shook her head as she motioned for me to sit beside her on a golden sofa. You see a handsome, respected man now, but Henry was one for shorts and college sweatshirts, even when he was little. I dont know where he got that from, because I was always one for pencil skirts, and Jean was always in a business suit. It was very peculiar. Then, Shelby came, and she was always wearing bright colors and expensive clothing. That girl never outgrew her ways. Shelby is reckless, but she has a good spirit.
Shelby is downstairs. Have you seen her yet?
A candle flickered nearby. No, Candice, and Im sure Ill see her later, though. Come, I want to tell you a story, because I think I have made a friend in you.
A story?
Yes, she whispered, reaching for my hand, reminding me of Aunt Genevieve. I need to tell you a story so you will better understand me and the reason I act like I do.


Part III

Chapter Eighteen


I WAS BORN in 1954 to French parents. We were particularly well-off, as my father was a businessman and my mother a teacher. Money wasnt impossible for us, and I had a great childhood. I was able to eat candy frequently, and we had a TV set in our house when most of the other children in my class did not.
War was occurring in our time. Simple things were hard for many people, and we didnt think Papa would be called to War because he was much older than other fathers. He was 60-years-old with an eight-year-old daughter, and though my parents were Catholic, I was their only child. They waited almost thirty years in their marriage before they were blessed with me, and our priest hailed it a Sarah and Abraham miracle.
However, Papa was called to Algeria, though the War was quickly ending. My father was a famous pacifist, and this troubled him deeply to consider hurting another human being. He was not put on the battlefield, but instead used for his skill of numbers. He was given lowly jobs until they realized his special skill, and he became an important accountant for their purposes.
However, Papa was killed by a gunshot wound by Algerians. He was sitting at his desk, doing work with his glasses, when he was killed. We received word back in Le Cannet, and Mama was under much stress. People thought Mama was my grandma because she was so old, and though she was a teacher, she was tired of the trade.
Papa had saved enough money for us to live comfortably until I could grow into a young lady and go to college. However, Mama found a new husband through the church. He was supposed to be a good, church-going man. He squandered all our money and beat Mama constantly. We were left penniless, and though I hated him, he stayed with us because Mama was dependent on men every moment of her life. 
I was used to frilly dresses and candy, but suddenly, little acts of happiness were stripped from my upbringing. I knew Papa wanted me to go to a proper school, and I worked as hard as I could for many years to go somewhere important. Mama encouraged me to leave France. She told me to go to England or Spain, because I could speak both English and Spanish, but I didnt want to go to either. I wanted to go to Paris, to study at the cole Normale Suprieure, but with Mamas ill health, I realized I needed to stay close to Le Cannet for her. By this point, my stepfather had died, and Mama confessed to me that she had suffered eight miscarriages in her youth before successfully delivering me.
I asked God why he allowed me to live when my siblings had perished. I was led to go to a newly funded school, Universit Nice Sophia Antipolis, and there, I made many friends. I studied business, and in my spare time, I cleaned a hotel nearby to send extra money to my ailing mother. She was in dire shape, and she needed all the payments I could send to her. I scrubbed others filthy sheets, but I didnt care as long as Mama lived. 
When I was twenty-years-old, I went on a summer vacation to Paris after my friend invited me there. Her name was Hlne, and we had a magical time at her fathers penthouse suite. She was very wealthy, and introduced me to many men who could easily benefactor my future. I was a pretty woman, and young, and I had great manners, as I used to be of somewhat-status. There, I met a handsome stranger named Pyotr, a Russian man whom I easily fell in love with. He promised to marry me, and our relationship was very romantic.
However, one night, I was drunk with Hlne, and we ended up on the steps of my dream school, cole. I was heavily intoxicated, but I stumbled upon a handsome man, five years older than me, who picked me up when I fell over with foam on my lips. This man took both my friend and me to his apartment, and tended to our every need. 
I awoke sick the next morning to meet Jean Desrosiers, a businessman who was working with his business friend from cole, a Spaniard named Juliano Rodriguez. Jean was very kind to us, offering tea. I asked him why he helped us, and he said that no one else would. I probably fell in love with him at that moment, and before I knew it, I received word my mother had passed away. 
I was very sad, but I realized it was my chance to leave France. I didnt want to go to cole anymore. I transferred to the University of Cambridge in England and ran into Jean on the street. We both remembered each other, and a year after I broke off my engagement with Pyotr, Jean and I were married in Le Cannet, where his family was also from.
Our relationship was beautiful. He cared for me, and I cared for him. We moved to the States together, and I assisted him in the healthy success of his company, which Juliano Rodriguez whole-heartedly gave him. It was a good time, and I found myself in opulent riches again. We both wanted children, as we had come from harsh upbringings and eagerly awaited the chance to give a child a wonderful, easy future.
Unlike my mother, I was able to conceive almost instantly. Our daughter, Grace, was born a year after our marriage when I was twenty-three in 1977. Grace was beautiful, with long, curly blonde hair and big, brown eyes. She was our pride and joy, and she went everywhere with us. She was incredibly adept, intelligent, and beautiful. Jean wasnt able to leave for work in the morning without a kiss from his beautiful baby. 
When she was four-years-old, she suddenly developed bacterial meningitis. Within four days, our happy child was taken from us, and we buried her into the ground alone. Jeans brother and sister-in-law were there for us, but we were alone in our sadness and grief, wondering why our daughter was ripped from us suddenly.
Things werent the same between us for many months. How do you get over the loss of a child? You dont. We knew firsthand how hard it was, and we devoted ourselves to work. Jean wanted another baby, but I wasnt willing to try. Somehow, though, in 1983, our son, Henry, was born.
Following him four years later, in 1987, was a new baby girl, Shelby, and then in 1989, a handsome, classy son named Liam. We were exuberantly happy with our new additions to the family, and we were in love again. We never forgot Grace, but things seemed much easier with our three children. Things were very beautiful in the first years, until Henrys tenth birthday, when I walked in on Jeans affair with another woman.
I cried my eyes out, because days later, I discovered I was pregnant. I asked him why he would betray me when our lives were beautiful again together, and he couldnt come up with an answer. I was devastated. I had stayed faithful to him, devoted my waking life to him because I loved him, and he didnt love me? I dealt with rising fears, and I wanted to leave him, but somehow I stayed.
The pressures of our strained marriage caused my first miscarriage. I was extremely bitter for many years. By the time I snapped out of it, Henry was in college, Shelby was sleeping around with every boy she saw, and Liam was trying hard to please his father. Liam only wanted to be his fathers mirror image, and in a way, I hated him for it.
By this point, Henry and Jeans relationship was so strained I thought there would be blood. Henry wanted to study medicine, and Jean wanted him to run the company, oblivious to the fact that Liam was working hard to do so. Henry left one night for Indiana and didnt come back. Losing another child was hard, and I had never told anyone about Grace or the miscarried baby. I locked myself in my room, drinking for nights on end, while Jean returned every night to kiss me on the cheek. Our wealth grew, but I was slowly withering away.
Finally, I snapped out of it. Liam found me drinking when he was eighteen, and he told me he would never talk to me again if I continued to rot away. Hearing my sons thoughts helped me, and I was the proudest parent at his graduation. He decided to go to Vandy on a full ride, while Henry was living with a woman named Piper and working for his medical license. Meanwhile, party-girl Shelby woke up to discover she was pregnant with a man named Kip Lantanas baby. Soon after, Shelby was tied down and married, which was good for her. 
However, Jean and I have never fully repaired our relationship. Things have been strained for so long that I dont know how to talk to him about anything, and at times, I wish I would have married Pyotr. Things would have turned out very differently. But I guess you cant allow things to pull you down as I have.
You found me crying today because it was Graces birthday. And when I think of my darling Grace, I think of our unborn child, whom Im not even sure of the sex. I think more of those two children than anyone else. What if? 

Candice

I WAS BAWLING by the point Adle finished her story. I cried and cried as she patted my shoulder and handed me a tissue. This was worse than any of the shows I watched with Peppermint at the Oro Valley apartment. Grace would be thirty-seven, I croaked.
Yes, she would be. I miss her every single day.
And youve never told your other children? About Grace or your other child?
Never, Adle said with a solemn smile. Im afraid to tell them. Its been a long time, and if I told them about Grace, I would have to tell them about Jeans infidelities, and Im not sure I can handle it. They would hate Jean, and at this point, its not worth it.
I shifted, holding her hand. You can tell them, Adle. They need to know. If you can tell me, you can tell them, for sure. I can help you, Adle. I rested my head against her shoulder. I wish I could meet them.
Me too, Candice. Youll meet them someday.

***

SINCE MY MAKEUP was ruined, I walked back upstairs to my room to reapply it. I cried thinking about Adles sadness, and then Ellie came into my room, dressed in a fashionable 60s pink dress that clung to her skinny bones. Her hair was parted down the middle, with a headband hanging behind her ears. She looked very cute. It worked because she was the conservative 60s girl, Shelby was the rebel, and I was just a dork. It seemed to fit real life.
Youve been crying? she asked me as I played with my bouncy curls.
I sniffed. I was watching a Turner Classic, I lied, not wanting to lie, but having to lie. I couldnt tell Ellie anything Adle had told me.
You and your classic movies, Ellie sighed, rolling her eyes. You ready to go? Shelby and Greta are already in the car. I saw Henry, and he wanted to check up on you before we go. 
Oh, I grinned, pulling a chain bag over my hip. 
You dont want to see him?
I feel something is up. I dont know. Something strange.
With Henry? Ellie asked, looping arms with me. What do you mean?
I shook my head. Im not sure, Ellie.
I couldnt fight the queasiness in my belly as I hurried downstairs. I was hoping I could avoid him, but things got difficult when Amandas voice yelled, Candice! The girl raced to me and hugged me. You brought my mom and me closer than ever. Thank you! She said I could stay for the weekend!
Oh, youre welcome, I whispered, hoping Henry didnt hear her scream my name. 
Quickly, though, Liam approached and, the handsome darling he was, kissed Ellie good-bye on the cheek. Dont bring home a male stripper, okay?
Liam, Ellie laughed, pulling him in for a kiss. Thats not going to happen.
It was the first act of pure love without fear I had seen from Ellie, and Liam was blushing red. Well, I was happy, but then someone pulled me from my waist, and my heart fell into my stomach. Uh
Hi, Joan Jett.
I looked up into his sparkling eyes, and felt myself falling againbut the queasiness returned and I felt like vomiting. Youre a little green, he noted, refusing to let me go.
Im fine, I said, trying to pull away from him. 
Henry looked like a dejected puppy as he realized I needed some space. Cand? You sure okay?
Yeah, I stammered, looking at my hands. Im ready for tonight.
Henrys eyes were forlorn. Have a good time, okay?
Thanks.
I darted away from him and pulled Ellie away from kissing her fianc. Come on!
Ellie hadnt noticed my awkward charade with Henry, so we hurried out to a Range Rover where 90s-looking Greta awaited us. She was wearing bright blue jeans and a checkered flannel shirt with her blonde hair parted straight down the middle and dark makeup. Greta! I called, barely recognizing her.
She hugged me and we climbed into the backseat. Shelby wanted to drive since she knew Asheville best, and Ellie was destined to sit up front. Immediately, Shelby cranked up the rap station, but with Ellies manicured fingertips, she turned it all the way down. 
Gret, give her the veil we bought.
Greta pulled a tacky veil from the backseat and placed it onto Ellies hair with a laugh. Oh, get this thing off me, she crowed.
Youre the bride, Shelby insisted, her eyes wide. You cant take it off.
Its hideous.
It looks great on you, Greta laughed, and I couldnt help but giggle, too.
Ready for some food, yaaaall? drawled Shelby, lifting her hands. On second thought, maybe I should have driven. I wasnt sure if Shelby was right for this
We drove to Asheville in record time as the sun started to set. It was Friday night in downtown, and Shelby bravely turned onto another interstate, where we almost wrecked with a small Subaru. Shelby! we all screamed, but Shelby was rapping with a song.
Minutes later, we pulled off the ramp, and made it to a quaint cottage on the French Broad River. This is nice! Greta pointed to the purple violets and tulips blooming. What a strange time in the year for flowers to grow. The yard was pristinely cut, and the cottage looked like one painted from a Thomas Kinkade. With the sound of a bustling river behind it, I was in love.
Hey, what happened to bridesmaid dress alterations? I asked as I undid my seatbelt.
We simply dont have time! Shelby exasperatedly sighed. We can do it next week, right, Ellie?
Perfect; plus, Adle must be with us to see the dresses.
We entered the restaurant, which was completely empty. A large table decorated in fancy flowers and bows awaited us, and I realized Shelby had rented the place out. I forgot how much money I was dealing with, but that seemed a little extreme. I ignored it as Greta and Shelby adjusted Ellies veil and we sat down at the table.
This looks so stunning, you guys! Ellie said, picking up a glass of sparkling water. Thank you!
Only for the best. Shelby picked up a menu, and a handsome waiter came to our table.
Hi, ladies, what can I get you to start out with?
I heard a guttural giggle from Shelby, and she eagerly whispered, Pinot noir, please. And a beer for our friend, the lady whos getting hitched.
I watched as Shelby removed her wedding and engagement rings from her finger. I wanted to slap her hand, but Greta nudged me and I ordered a diet pop. I would talk to Shelby later about the removal of the rings. She leaned over to our waiter to tell him a secret. Wow, that girl
The waiter just made my night a hundred times better, said Ellie, her eyes focusing on his lean muscles.
I was definitely out of my element here. I slid my phone under the table, ignoring a text from Henry, and texted Reesey and Stacey.

Stacey: Where ya been, girl?
Reesey: Give the girl a break, shes finding her love match.
Me: Guys, I need your help. Im stuck at the bachelorette party & in dire need of a remedy to keep myself involved
Stacey: Check the wine list.
Me: Designated driver & I dont drink, R!
Reesey: Involve yourself with handsome waiters.

I looked up to see the waiter giving me his own personal smile as he set my pop down. He leaned over me, and whispered, You got the best drink out of the bunch.
Look at Candice, shes pink! Shelby laughed after he left. Someone has a romantic other
I closed my eyelids for a second, trying to remember why I had come to North Carolina in the first place. The antisocial part of me needed my dog and a blanket, preferably a TCM, and Sonic

Stacey: I received another copy of Charles Huxleys newest novella. I know hes your favorite. I sent it to you in the mail, and it should arrive by Monday or Tuesday.

Charles Huxley. The writer. The sweet, metaphorical writer I loved. I wondered what he was like? Maybe he was the waiter at this restaurant. I wasnt sure, but I knew Charles Huxley would be my perfect equivalent, and I typed back quickly.

Me: Thanks, Stace! You know how much I love Charles Huxleys work.
Stacey: I hope you dont mind, but I sent an excerpt of that short story you wanted me to edit over to himHe told me he loved it, and that he thinks you should make an anthology of short stories.
Me: You sent him my work?!
Reesey: Hey, babylicious, you still brangin me some popcorn chicken? Mmmyou know I like it hot.
Stacey: WHAT?!?!?!?!
Me: WHAT?!?!?!?!
Reesey: Awkward. Wrong number
Stacey: Brangin? Popcorn chicken? Who is it this time?

I laughed to myself over Reeseys mistaken text. She was a character, and I missed her dearly, just like I missed Stacey. After eating our Caesar salads, the door opened to the cottage, and I heard a familiar, annoying-as-death voice croak, ELIZABETH  GRACE MICHELIN! AND IS THAT CANDICE I SEE? HEHEHE!
Dread filled my soul. This was worse than 8th grade summer camp when I was assigned the task of cleaning the floorboards with Dirty Harrys four-year-old toothbrush. Knowing just what to expect, I dropped my phone to the ground, and banged my head on the table trying to pick it up.
Just as clumsy as I remember, singed Jasmine Sully as she tapped my head. Only Jasmine.
Jasmine, I smiled too brightly, my teeth wide and condescending. Poor Jasmine would never know my true feelings, so I stood to hug her.
As Jasmine squeezed the air out of my lungs, Ellie came in to join the hug. The three amigas together again!
Ah, I crooned, hurrying back to my seat.
Perky, red-headed Jasmine with a flurry of freckles across the bridge of her nose jumped to the seat opposite me. Wondaful. 
This is just wonderful! Hi, Im Jasmine Sully, she said, offering her hand pointedly across the table to Greta, whose face was priceless, and Shelby, who asked, Does this outfit make my boobs look too small?
I shoved a breadstick into my mouth and sipped the whole pop in one gulp. Lord have mercy, I might just turn into a Southern belle at the rate the night was going. Now, how do you know Ellie? asked Greta, shooting me a look.
I told you so, I wanted to say, but instead I cheerfully sucked on my straw, blowing bubbles into my glass like a little toddler. There was nothing else productive to do.
Elizabeth and I were sorority sisters
I hate sororities, Shelby said with a toss of her hair. 
Jasmine looked startled, and fanned her head in fright. Oh my Lord, youre in the South and you say youve never been a sorority sister? Even our very own Candice Michelin was a sorority sister.
For a day, I might add, I added, my nerves calming. It was horrible, Jasmine. Dont lie about it.
Oh, shut up you, Candi Crocker. You were in Arizona. They dont do the big fancy balls like we girls do here in the South.
You spent a thousand dollars on one dress, Jasmine, I laughed. No wonder the parties werent as swanky as yours. Your daddy could buy the Golden Gate Bridge.
Jasmine laughed, slurping on a cherry coke our waiter had brought out. Oh, Candi, she purred, holding my hand from the table. A girl like Jasminehow was she not murried by now? Murried? Where were my words going?
Your eyelids are drooping, Candice, Jasmine said a few minutes later.  I had lost track of all time
The next thing I realized, we were traveling in the car
And someone slapped me. Hard.
OUCH! I screamed, and my eyelids opened to reveal Jasmine, dressed in 40s wear (minus the 6-inch heels), Greta, Shelby, and Ellie staring at me. 
She cant handle any alcohol, can she? Shelby was stunned.
Alcohol? What do you mean alcohol? I dont drink, Shelby.
Shelby turned around, and I noticed the plume of smoke drifting from her. Shelby Lantana! What did you do?
Ellie helped me stand, and we were on black concrete. I looked over my shoulder to see a flashing neon sign, but I couldnt read it. I had no idea what it could be, and I giggled as I fell over. Gosh, Candice! Ellie squealed, trying to support me. Her belly was flabbier than I remembered.
I rubbed it, my hair falling in my mouth. You gain weight?
Ellie let me fall, but Greta caught me. The Desrosiers reflexes, ah. Come on, Candice, lets get you water.
Candice has never had a sip of alcohol in all her life, Jasmine enthused, pulling on her pink purse. Shes as good as a girl can be.
They dragged me across the road. I could faintly see the stars above, and I mumbled something about the sparkles, but quickly, we approached a huge black man, a bodyguard. VIP passes?
Shelby handed him a huge wad of bills, but I was distracted by the mans goatee. Oh, Stacey would like you I drawled, trying to grab his hair.
The man fell backwards. Get that girl away from me! No one touches the goatee.
Goat tee? I asked as Greta led me on the red carpet into the dark space. I didnt know goats wore t-shirts.
Ellie, is this how you act when
Sshh! Ellie laughed. Dont tell her, okay? This is perfect.
I was completely confused, but I stood on my own as we entered a huge crowd mixed with strobe lights and bouncy rhythms. Immediately, I chuckled and started dancing. I ripped off my tutu skirt, and bounced along with my curls.
Get a picture of her, get a pic! shouted Ellie, laughing at me.
Shelby clicked a picture. Henry will be so jealous we got her like this.
I didnt understand what they meant, and I didnt like their tone of voice, so I stumbled my way across the dancefloor. Candice! I heard responsible Greta call out, but I ignored her.
I shoved the massive hordes away from me, trying to find the source of the music. Some people cursed at me as they danced with their partners, but I simply wanted to find a sofa to sleep on. The song changed randomly to a classic 80s, The Promise, which didnt fit the black strobe-lighted club, but I wasnt paying attention to detail, and I heard the deejay scream out, Hey, 80s girl, this ones for you.
Suddenly, a spotlight shone directly on me. I blocked my face with my hand, but as the piano rift began, and the crowd cheered me on, I started to dance. I was a clown, and I was finally living like I wanted to. I grabbed a random guy and danced with him, and then I hugged a girl with spiky black hair, and then I kicked a guy who wore a shirt that said No Kats. The crowd began jumping up and down with me, and before I knew it, I climbed the steps to a makeshift stage, grabbed a microphone, and started singing until my voice was hoarse.
I promise you! I squealed into the mike, feeling a bolt of energy rush through my veins. 
After the song ended, the deejay yelled, Give it up for 80s girl!
I stumbled down the steps as Deadmau5 blared through the speakers. Someone with a familiar embrace caught me again, and I patted his chest thoughtfully. What a John Bender, I said quickly, looking at his flannel and matching gloves. We even have matching
Candice?
I looked up, and my heart fell out of my chest. I watched it splatter on the tile of the club, and all the intoxication from earlier disappeared. KKurt?
Kurts blue eyes smiled. We break up and this is how you become?
Kurt. I couldnt speak. I didnt realize I still loved him as truly as I did, and it hurt me to hold him in my arms. Kurt, I repeated.
Candice. Your sister told me you still love me, Kurt whispered, holding my waist, his eyes sincere and bright.  And I want to tell you how much I love you, how much Im in love with you. I havent been able to think clearly since we broke up
Thoughts of Henry filled my mind. His beautiful mind shattered my thoughts. N-no, Kurt, you dont understand
You were always a sucker for 1980s, he said, motioning to his flannel, which he would never be caught dead in. I want to prove to you what our future holds, Candice
Kurt, I said, holding him to me. A swarm of bodies pounded against us, and I fell closer to his chest. Being near him was disillusioning me. Did I still love him? Of course I did. But remembering how he treated me in his drunken stuporbut wasnt I drunk now? 
My thoughts grew heavy. How was I drunk? 
Oh my
What? Kurt asked, holding me.
They spiked my drink
Who?
The bachelorette party, I cried, tears spilling onto my face. They tricked me. Theythey wanted me to make a fool out of myself. 
Kurt was confused. They wouldnt do that, would they? Youre all good pals.
Im so lost, Kurt. Im drunk, and Ive never been drunk, I said, falling on him. Who knows how many of those yummy spiked Cokes they served me, but I cant believe them
Kurt pushed a lock of hair from my forehead. Lets get you to the hotel room, into a warm bath.
I am so tempted to give you my diamond stud, I said, reminiscing of The Breakfast Club. 
Kurt grinned, pulling me out of the club and into the fresh, chilly air. You were on fire up there. I was shocked to see Candice Michelin up there dancing for the world to see.
Its not me, I said. An intoxicated version of me. I had the urge to vomit, and vomit I did. He held my back as I puked onto the road.
People handle drinks differently, Candice. And it was awful for them to do that to you
And not care that I leave with a strange man? I laughed as he helped me to his rental car.
I guess I am a stranger, Candice, because I promise you Ive changed. So, can we start anew? Im Kurt Kapelmann. He bowed to me, his blond hair gleaming from the light of the lampposts.
What a dashing fellow. Candice Michelin, I curtsied, but tripped over the sidewalk. He caught me again.
You fall into mens arms a lot, he remarked. We were inches from each other, the same pose we had when we first met. 
I do, I said, and I couldnt resist.
His lips met mine. In a shocking twist of fate, my insides exploded, and the Coke rush filled my aortas. Posed to strike, my arm hit Kurts chin. Dont ever kiss me again! I shouted, tears pouring down my face. The kiss reminded me of the pain I had endured, and I moaned at the thought of Henry, my man. I knew Kurt didnt mean to complicate things, but a drunken Candice cannot be reckoned with.
I threw up again. Not in his mouth, thankfully, but I puked, and told him he could never kiss me, and I could never kiss him, because I had a romantic other. He held his chin in pain, his eyes watery. My punch hadnt done much, but it did make a point. 
I am dating someone!
What? Kurt dejectedly demanded. Since when? Ellie told me you were happily still with me
I shook my head as he buckled me into the Camaro. He knew where our hotel was, and I wasnt going to tell the girls I was leaving. I was, until a few days ago. Two days, actually.
And you allowed me to flirt with you like that? Candice, what are you thinking? Unless you still have real feelings for me. Be honest, Candice. You cant string both of us along.
He sped through the streets, and I was angry at no one but myself. What I had done? I had crossed the line. But I knew I needed to prove to myself I didnt love Kurt, despite his romantic chivalry, because the sad thing was, through his kiss, I realized I loved him, but I was not in love with him. My love belonged to Henry now.
I love you, and you will always know that, I said, not able to look him in the face. Im sorry, Kurt, but Ellie must have given you the wrong intentions
She didnt mention your boyfriend, he said, his fists clenched. Why would she do that?
A tear trickled down my face. I think shes after him - my boyfriend, I mean. She was up to her new antics. Shes changed a lot.
She looked pregnant back there.
What do you mean? 
I saw her before you fell into my arms. Her dress was tight, and she had a plump belly. Is that wrong of me to ask? Even if you dont love me, we are still friends, Candice. We dont have to completely ignore each other.
He pulled up to my hotel. I got out of the car, pulling my small purse closer to me. All my belongings were in the Lexus, but I would still go to the tub. Warm water and Tylenol. I would experience my first hangover tonight, and I would probably commit my first murders tonight, too. Yes, we should, I said, looking at my feet. You are my ex-boyfriend, Kurt. I didnt mean to punch you back there, buddy. However, I cant look at you and think, theres my best friend! Youre more to me than that.
Are you positively sure? he asked. 
Im not, I whispered. Thats why we need to stay away from each other, Kurt Kapelmann. You need a good German girl, okay?
He smiled. Can I help you to your room, so you dont fall over anything?
No, I whispered, waving at him. I want you to know something. If you flew across the country dressed as an 80s boythat takes some serious humility and it really makes me feel special. Theres no doubt in my mind that youll find your perfect girl, Kurt.
Yeah, he whispered. Ill watch you go to your lobby, Candice, and Ill text you to make sure you havent fallen to your death in the elevator, if thats possible, and then
Yeah, I said, my heart breaking a little. Yeah, Kurt.
Bye, Candice.
I nodded to him, and sadly, I stumbled into the hotel.

***

GRETA, SHELBY, JASMINE, and Ellie made it to the room two hours later. They were heavily drunk, and Shelby immediately fell over onto the carpet, a balloon in her hand. Greta looked like the least drunk person, but she was mumbling something about cottage cheese. Look, its Candice!
Jasmine fell onto the bed in a giant heap and Ellie ran for the shower. Candice, how did you get here?
I wanted to strangle all of them, but I ignored my true feelings, and I hopped into one of the double beds. Its a secret. Just like your antics against me.
Oh, we got some killer pictures of you dancin up on that stage, Shelby teased, pulling off her panty hose. What a beaut.
And tell me, how did you get me mortifyingly drunk? I questioned, looking at my red-painted toenails. I wanted to hurl my heart out of my chest, but was trying to look calm and collected.
Spiked your pop, Jasmine interjected, her hair covering her face in wild contusions. The woman was lying on her chest, and her face was not visible, but she raised her arm, revealing a small lotus tattoo. Whoa, Jasmine Sully had a tat?
Jasmine! Did you get a tattoo?! Im pretty sure this goes against all your sorority rules
Jasmines head bobbed and her slobber-filled mouth opened. Aghhhhyou cant tell anyone, Candice Michelin!
I giggled, my wet hair sticking to my towel. Did anyone bring my stuff? I was wrapped in a towel and a hotel robe, but I wanted desperately to pull on shorts and a shirt. 
Agga there, mumbled Jasmine, who emitted a snore.
Ah, thank you, I crawled over to the nearby pile of womens suitcases and purses. After Ellie hopped out of the shower, Greta and Shelby took turns showering. After a night of partying, they needed their beauty sleep, but I wasnt going to allow it.
I hurried over to the condiments fridge, which was conveniently labeled, For your purchase of $9.99 for our special Bora Bora water, directly from the tap spring fields of the land, twisted off the cap, and announced to the barely-alive girls, Were not done yet!
Ellie pulled a towel over her head. What now? I just want to sleep.
No, no, not yet, honey bear, I crooned, pulling the girls into the circle, minus Jasmine, who was snoring on the sofa.
What is this?
Bora Bora water, on me, I said, noticing Shelby, Greta, and Ellie reaching for it. I pulled it back. Not yet. We have to play a tiny game. Called truth or dare, except there are no dares. Only truths.
What? You cant just have a truth game
Shut up, I barked, my eyes heavy. This can be called the Candice game. I ask you questions for a bottle of water. Special, imported Bora Bora water.
Greta, usually meek, grabbed the water bottle from me, but I pulled it back. What do I have to do?
I was blinded by their lack of judgment. They could easily go out into the hallway with a buck, buy water, and be cured. Hey, I was going to get them back from ripping me from my pride of never drinking. Greta, you want to go first? You can have a sip of this Bora Bora water.
Yes, Ill do anything!
They were more intoxicated than I thought. How did they get home? I hoped they took a cab. In fact, I blamed myself for leaving them. I was blinded by my lack of judgment. Truth or truth.
Truth, Greta barked, falling over. Gosh, these cramps are awful!
TMI, I said like a teenager, and then opened the cap of water. Anyway, truth. You have to tell us a true statement to us.
This is nothing like truth or dare, Shelby complained. Give me the water!
Its my game. Play by my rules, and you can have the water. Split into thirds. Greta, tell us something.
Greta, without thinking, moaned, Stan and I have been dating for almost two years now.
My mouth fell open. I didnt believe what she had said, and Shelby and Ellie were groaning. They hadnt heard. What?
Greta grabbed for the water, and I let her have it. Had I heard correctly? I couldnt do this game anymore. I didnt want to hear their secrets. My time of being Maleficent was over. I stood up, but Shelby pulled me back down. Give me the water, Candice.
Greta passed her the water. Cmon, Shelb, tell us something.
Truth, Shelby blindly said, falling over Ellie. Ive never loved Kip. I married him because I was pregnant.
My fingers turned cold. I couldnt hear this, when I was the only one with half a brain here. I didnt want to hear it, anymore. I stood, but Shelby wasnt done. In fact, before him
No, stop it, Shelby, I said. Stop.
I
Shelby! Stop!
Shelby took a swig of the water before she fell over, mumbling something about a girl she used to know. Weird. She passed the water to Ellie, who politely whispered, Im pregnant.
What? Three of us asked in unison.
So Greta wasnt pregnant? Ellie lied? Liam proposed to me with my prodding. Im two months along. Itll already be a big deal, but he doesnt know yet
I slapped her in the face, hard. I hope Baby Desrosiers doesnt feel that, because you are the most horrendous person on this planet, Elizabeth Michelin. What the heck are you thinking? Drinking, with your child in your belly? What the h-e-double hockey sticks? You havent told Liam? He is just as important as you are, if you didnt know. And sending my ex all the way across the country? What is wrong with you? You are a lying, manipulative, grisly, lamb-in-sheeps clothing, disgraceful, conniving, twisted, little devilish, unspeakable abominable contaminator who has no sense of direction, right or wrong, protection, dignity, and if you didnt have my niece or nephew in your womb, I would knock some darn sense into you, but!
Greta pulled me away. Come on, Candice, cut it out.
Says the girl who is supposedly meek, yet helped party girl and my sister get me drunk? What kind of friend are you? I expected Shelby to be like that Shelby groaned in dismay, but I continued my stampede, but not you! Youre worse for pretending to be an innocent naysayer!
Shelby stood to her full height, blindly aiming to punch me. I backed away from her. Dont even get me started on you, Shelby Lantana. What kind of person are you? Leading Kip on, having two beautiful children I would kill to have, and abandoning them for partying? What? Am I an alien or something?
If were going to judge, Shelby spat in my face, we might as well judge you, Candice. Little Miss Innocent, huh? Yeah right. You dont know how to dress yourself, yet youre so quick to judge people. I thought you were a Christian, yeah? You fall into another mans arms, dating my brother nonetheless, and still it doesnt faze you how relationships work.
Yeah? Cause youre such a role model, Shelby. Such a model. I hope you wake up one day, and discover that your mother loves you. Your family loves you.
What does that have to do with anything? she asked, her eyes angry. My mother doesnt give a care about me. All she cares about are her horses, her library, and her clothes!
Theres so much you dont know, I shouted.
Like what? Enlighten me, Arizona. She folded her arms. Last time I checked, my mom abandoned me. I remember walks in the park, and then, just like that, the end. Its hard growing up without a mom.
Like youre doing to Charlotte! At least your mom had a valid reason, while you just want to party!
Shelbys eyes glazed over. What did she tell you that she hasnt told me?
Maybe if you talked to her once in a while, she would tell you!
What did she tell you, Candice?
In my drunken, angry stupor, I did the worst thing I could possibly do. I blurted, Jean slept with another woman while your mom was pregnant. She miscarried, and she has blamed him ever since.
Shelby fell onto the bed nearby. Oh God, what had I done?
I grabbed my pack, and threw it on my back. I have problems, yeah. Problems I need to work on, but Im not the one who got someone secretly drunk, dragged them to a club, let her go away blindly with a random man, and come back to a hotel alone. Ive never been intoxicated before, friends. Yeah right, you people as friends?
Ellie was crying, but I didnt feel a bit ashamed. With my dignity still intact, I turned on my heel and opened the door.
Where are you going? Jasmine randomly called out before falling back on the pillow.
Im going to Chaucer. And then Im going to tell Liam what you wont tell him, Ellie, and dont worry, Ill fly back to Arizona immediately. I never should have come.
I heard them yelling at me, but I shut the door behind me and sighed. I had a lot of issues, I know, but with Ellies revelation, I could not do anything but tell Liam. And I needed to come clean to Henry. 


Chapter Nineteen


A FULL TWO hours and an awkward cab drive later, I scuttled into the Desrosiers garage, where Peppermint barked eagerly. Hey, girl, I cried into her warm body. Want to go home today? Yes, baby girl, thats what I thought.
It was three in the morning and I was afraid the alarm would be on, so I fell asleep beside Peppermint on that hard cement again. I woke up four tired hours later, stood, walked into the house to find Nancy cooking omelets, and probably gave her a heart attack, because she dropped the frying pan. Candice?
Hi, Nancy, have you seen Liam?
Nancys eyes were huge. Well, I thought he was golfing at the resort
Keys?
Nancy handed me a keychain. Are you okay, Candice? You look like youve been hit by a train.
Dont worry about me, Nance. Ill be back soon.
Before I left the house, I trekked across the hills to Adles barn. My phone beeped with a voicemail, and I absently listened to it.
Thank you for telling me, was all it said. No name, but I guessed it was Shelby.
I inhaled as I walked into the beautiful barn. Adle was brushing the mane of a Palamino. She looked up at me, and I knew she knew I had blabbed. Her eyes angry and red, she threw the brush to the grassy floor, and walked to me. She slapped me across my face. You told her? What is wrong with you?
She needed to know, I said meekly. I didnt mean to tell her. It slipped out.
It slipped out? Adle angrily sputtered. Get out. I never want to see you again. Tell Nancy that her daughter has to leave on your way out.
Is this how youre going to treat this situation? Instead of womaning up, youre going to allow this to happen?
Get out. I never want to see your face again.
A few minutes later, I went to the garage, hopped into the Mustang, and without thinking, I drove. I sped down the gravel, contemplating my actions. This would no doubt get me kicked out of the house forever. I was driving Henrys car, threatening Liams sanity, and I didnt care. For the sake of my nephew or niece (whom I thought was a girl for sure), I had to tell Liam, because there was no way I could trust Ellie. She lied to me, making Greta out to be the one in trouble, but I wasnt happy with them. 
Tears poured down my face from the confrontation with Adle. A rush of guilt pulsed through my spine. I was not guiltless in any way. Kurts appearance had stunned me. I was drunk, but I clearly knew what I was doing. As I sped down the highway, vaguely aware of where I was headed to, a headache intensified in my head, and I sucked on a water bottle from the garage fridge.
Minutes later, in a sweatshirt and pajama pants, I sashayed across the green field to a beautiful building outside of the stone resort to find the Desrosiers men. Liam Desrosiers?
The man behind the counter was scared of me. I tensed my muscles to seem more masculine, and deepened my voice, but the only thing it did for me was make me look like a butch softball player. He is on the green
I need him. Can you send for him? Call him or something?
The man handed me keys to a golf cart. Take it, miss. Is he your boyfriend?
I rolled my eyes and hurried away, jumping into a nearby golf cart to speed down the green path. My thoughts jumbled in my head when, after driving around for twenty minutes, I located Liam, handsome in his polo with a hat covering his brown hair, swinging at the tee. My heart dislodged when I noted that Henry was with him.
Seeing a scary, ghastly Candice, Henry took off his hat. I parked the cart, hopped out, tripping on the way to them, and stopped shy of Liam. Liam stared at me critically. Henry reached for me, but I recoiled. Dont touch me, Henry, I said, looking at my feet. I couldnt look at him. He backed away, confused. I couldnt bear the fact that I had possibly ruined his relationship with his mother forever, too. As my sanity returned, the weight of my actions fell on my heart heavily. He would never want to talk to me again. I had revealed very personal information to his sister, his crazy sister.
Im here for Liam, I said, grabbing his arm. Listen, bud, I need to talk to you.
Liam shuddered under my touch. What happened to you, Candice? Lets get you some water
Or a makeup artist? No, listen to me, Liam. Ellies pregnant.
Liam laughed in my face. What? Listen, Candice, youre obviously delusionalplease, Henry, talk to her. This is not funny. Im trying to have a peaceful day with my brother
Listen to me, Liam! I screamed in his face. Ellie, my sister, is pregnant! I am trying to do my first deed as an aunt and Im here to tell you
Liam moved away, disgusted by my presence. He turned his shoulder, Henry, get your girlfriend away from me. Looks like someone isnt thinking clearly.
Henry blocked me from Liam, his eyes on fire. I had never seen diamonds so sparkling, and my heart swelled with pride. Listen, Liam, you have no right to make any comments about Candice. A day ago, you were proud of her. What is wrong with you, man?
Liam walked away from us. Get your facts straight, Candice. Ellie is not pregnant.
I rushed past Henry and grabbed Liams sleeve. For a second, I had his full attention. Did you sleep with her, Liam? Shes two months along.
Liams eyes said it all, but he bitterly turned around and stomped away from us. Henry touched my arm, but I pulled away from him, too. Henry, I cant.
What are you talking about? Why are you afraid of me?
Afraid of you?
You cant look me in the eye, he whispered, his eyes hurt. What happened? Why are you disheveled?
They spiked my drink at the restaurant.
What? he growled. They did what?
AndI was a totally different person, Henry.
Why would they do this? Candice, that is preposterous! Is this of Shelbys doing?
Tears poured down my face now, the bright sun beginning to shine ripples of gold through the area. Henry, no. Listen to me. Ellie invited Kurt
Your ex-boyfriend?
I nodded, my body shivering. She told him that I still loved himand he came to me, and said how much he still loves me, but he didnt know about you Henrys face was completely hurt, his eyes drooping. I couldnt talk. The heaves pushed on my lungs. 
And do you?
Do I what?
Do you still love him?
I shook my head, the tears pouring down. I love him, but Im not in love with him.
Candice
He kissed me, I cried, my soul utterly and completely exposed. Until coming here, I was comfortable-ish. Now, I was in the open. Every cell of my body was visible.
What?
You heard me, I cried, rubbing my eyes. His hold of me loosened, and he looked away. I kissed him.
You were drunk, Henry said, ignoring me for a moment. It wasnt you, Candice. You were drunk. This was all a misunderstanding
I shook my head, my heart beating rapidly. I was perfectly sober when I kissed him. I punched him for kissing me, but I still let him...
Henrys eyebrows furrowed. I thoughtyouI?
I couldnt look at him. The reason Ive been ignoring you this past day was because I felt weird around you.
Why? Candice, tell me what you are feeling.
Youre in love with me, I croaked. I realized it when I drove home today. Youre in love with me, and it breaks my heart that I kissed another man last night
Candice, he whispered, his breath icy on my hot skin. He took his lean hand and placed it around my neck protectively. You dont have to feel this way. I forgive you. You were drunk, and you wanted to see if you still loved him. It hurts me, but Im not going to leave you because of it. You have heard my awful past. This is a tiny infraction compared to that
Im so awful, I cried in his arms, holding him close to me. And youre so good to me, protecting me, and II dont know what to do. And youll never forgive me...Adle
Henry gently pulled my face up, and his lips lightly met mine. Salty tears mixed with our lips, and I was in shock. My heart was pounding so hard I was sure I would have a love-stroke, but he wouldnt let go of me. When he finally broke the spell, he whispered in my ear, And your theory was right. I am in love with you, Candice Michelin.
II
Henry silenced me. You dont have to say it, Candice. Weve been dating a few days, and I never wanted you to know that Im in love with you. Dont worry. At the speed were going, well be married in a few weeks.
I laughed, choking on my tongue. I dont want to say this, but I need to go back to Arizona.
He nodded. Did they really do that to you? I will
I shook my head, closing my eyes. I was meant to come here to meet you, Henry, but I think I should go. Ive caused enough problems, and I need to be selfish and go home. Andthere is unresolved business with your mother. I
What would your nephew say?
Nephew?
Yeah. Well, I guess hed be my nephew, too. Wow, this is confusing. I didnt realize Im going to be marrying my sister-in-law.
I slapped him, but pulled him in for a kiss. I think shell be our niece. And listen to me, Henry. You can be here for our niece. Ill fly back out for the wedding as a duty, but I cannot be around here. I need to go back.
Can I come with you? Ill fly out with you, saying Im on a quick call
No, Henry. The distance will be good. Itll only be a few weeks. Peppermint can only stay in the garage so long.
Henry smiled, his eyes set. We can do it, Candice. Ill cover for you, so Auntie and Papy dont make you stay. I wish you wouldnt leave.
Selfishly, my insides twisted. I couldnt tell him that I revealed the past of Adle and Jean. I held his hand. Ill be back before you know it. I knew, though, that I wasnt invited here.
Dont meet another guy on an airplane, okay, Candice? Let me drive you home
No. Im going to go home, hug Stan, andand then Im going I bit my lip. Ill call you when I land.
Henry didnt lean in to kiss me. He let go of my hand, and pulled his cap tighter on his dark hair. You know it, so I might as well say it, he coyly grinned. I love you, Candice Michelin.

***

I MADE IT back to the Chaucer village, where I parked the car and hugged Peppermint. Guess what, Pep! I made a call to Arizona, and were both flying home today! In four hours, actually, so I gotta go hurry and get packed up!
I walked inside, saw Nancy and Amanda, and hugged them, telling them of my plight. You cant leave!
I need to, I whispered, hugging them both. I need to go home, and Ill be back in two weeks for the wedding.
Its only December 5th. Come on, Candice, youre the brightest star in here.
I cried then and there, sobbing in their arms. IIll miss you so much!
When we finally drew away, Nancy held me tightly. Thank you, Candice. You brought my baby girl home to me. We will miss you, she whispered, a tear dripping from her face. I will not be able to cook another meal without
I couldnt breathe. Adle wanted Amanda to go. All because of my actions. What kind of fool was I?
Bentley entered, dropping his pot. Youre leaving us, Candice? We never finished our cooking lessons, he cried immediately, falling onto me. His weight made my knees buckle, but he planted kisses all over my cheeks. Youll be back for the wedding?
Of course, I whispered, holding him. Ill be back before you guys know it.
Adle walked in precisely at this time, her hair in complete disarray and her anger apparent on her flamed cheeks. She didnt say anything. I could tell she wanted to murder me, and I had no choice but to leave.
Shes leaving us! Bentley cried, blowing into a tissue.
Did you not take the hint, Candice? You need to go, Adle snapped.
Adle, I whispered, Im going. Adle. I wiped the tears from my eyes, looking at the stone floor. Ill be back for the wedding
Adle was silenced, and she turned. Her callousness was replaced by regret for a short second, but grief ruled the situation without practicality. You are not welcomed here.
I know.
Get out.
Im going to find Stan to ask him to drive me to the airport. Thank you for having me, I said graciously as I pulled on my hair. And Im sorry, Adle. I truly am.
Fine, Adle prissily hissed, folding her arms.
Where is Stan, anyway?
Out in the side garage, Amanda pointed. 
I couldnt be the one who would potentially hear the backlash of Adles choice to send Amanda back to Cherokee. And I couldnt believe that I had truly ended the way I would be connected with the Desrosierses forever. Henry wouldnt want to see me.
I waved at my friends, watching them cry, and I hurried outside in the brisk air, which didnt frighten me. I hurried to the garage, passing the ivy trellis and verandah, and my heart stopped. Greta was home. And on the wall, two forms lithely kissed each other with such passion that I shielded my eyes.
Um, R-rated! I squealed.
Greta looked up, her face puffy and red. Candice!
Candice! Stans tone was of shock. Candice
I need you to drive me to the airport, I coolly dictated.
Greta was caught in the headlights. She fell away from Stan, and she looked at him. She knew? he barked. She knew? But I wasnt allowed to tell anyone, because youre embarrassed by me?
No, no! Greta cried. Youre afraid of my parents, Stan, but only because we were born in different decades
I WANT TO GO HOME! I barked, my fists clenched. Ive had a long night, and Ill hire a cab if I have to, but I keep telling you people, I want to go home. Fine, if youre going to stare at me with such shock, Ill take the limo myself. In fact, go back to your little affair outside of a garage. I wont tell a soul. I curtsied, and backed away.
Candice!
I ignored them, and stalked away to the house. If Greta was home, that also meant Shelby, Jasmine, and Ellie were too, and I heard Adle shouting vicious threats to her daughter. You are an insecure fool! 
Shelby shouted, And you kept Dads affairs hidden from us? If we had known, maybe things would have been different instead of you ignoring our existence for two decades, Mother!
I went to my bedroom, locked the door, and threw my things in a suitcase. I had no regrets as I left the room in a pristine condition, rushed over to Ellies room, and threw her clothes into heaps on the ground. I fished her pregnancy book out of her clothes, and I opened it to the page saying, HOW TO TELL LOVED ONES YOURE EXPECTING.
Then, I heaved my bag across my back, went to the garage, carried Peppermints cage, and walked to the keyhole in front of Chaucer. Stan was waiting in the limo like I expected he would, and I got in. No regrets, I promised myself. No regrets.


Chapter Twenty


A DAY LATER, clean and immensely happy, I opened the door to Staceys apartment where she was alone, eating tofu and watching a reality program. I watched her for a moment, envious of her normalcy. Stacey, the beautiful, African-American book editor who lived precariously and normally. Stacey, the girl who always was better than me in all things English, always so much more beautiful, always the child with composure.
I set my bag on her coffee table and plopped beside her in a chair. Candice! she squealed, dropping her tofu and enveloping me into a huge hug.
Stace, I wept, my eyes huge. I love you so much! Ive missed you and Reesey, and I
Why are you home? she asked, her big brown eyes wide. She had strong bone structure, and she had been Miss Teen Georgia. You shouldnt be here. Its only been a week since you left
II need a shoulder to cry on. Im a fool, and
Wait, she cried. Youre not here, and its Sunday night, which meansthe book I sent you. Charles Huxleys latest book
What? I sounded like a baby, but I didnt care. That can stay in North Carolina forever for all I care.
Stacey shot up like a rocket, and a few minutes later, she handed me an edited manuscript. Read it, Candice. You cant talk to me until you read it. Its really good. She winked, and she stood, dragging me to my feet. Im kicking you out until you read it. And I mean it, Candice. Read it.
You think I wont read Huxley? Why are you giving me this manuscript? I
Yes, you can. Now, get out, she laughed, pushing me out of the door. Im being such an awful friend, I know. But you cant talk to me until you read it! she yelled through the apartment door.
I drove my beat-up car to the nearby Starbucks, sipped coffee, and started Charles Huxleys new novella, one called Fresh. I wondered why Stacey wanted me to read this so desperately, but I read. 
I wont bear the whole story to you, as youve listened to mine, Aunt Genevieves, Adles, and Henrys, but I think it is important for you to see what Huxleys last page was about. The classic romance story was about a quick, impending courtship that resulted in a highly controversial marriage. The last page, questionably, had nothing to do with the meat of a Charles Huxley novella. It was quite deeper. With permission, Ill let you read the last page, the dedication page.

With much ado about nothing, I will reveal that I fell in love with a beautiful girl in less than a week myself. In fact, as I write this, I will tell that I fell in love with her the day I met her. She was actually reading one of my stories, and I read it with her. I was struck by the fact that I had almost finished one of my novellas, and I decided to prove my love to her through this manuscript, with the help of my editor, who happens to be my Juliets best friend.
So, without hesitance, Candice, you are the first person to read this. Stacey has not read any thus far, and it is important for you to realize I love you so much. Time really heals the heart, because I realized two things upon seeing you every moment of every day: there is none other like you, and I cannot wait for you to come back to town.
And it is important to know a quick exchange, if you dont know already. Im in love with you. I want to marry you someday. What is your answer, Candice Michelin? You are perfect in every way.
With love. 
P.S. Lets keep my real name a secret.

***

WEEPING, I RETURNED to my apartment, popped popcorn, sank into a warm bath, and thought about Henry. He was Charles Huxley, my favorite writer. How could I ever compare to him? A successful doctor and successful writer? No wonder I was lonely and my books were rejected  if people wrote like Henry Desrosiers, there was never a need for Candice Michelin.
But that was not what I was thinking about. I want to marry you. What is your answer, Candice Michelin? Was that his marriage proposal? If he thought I was in any state to marry him, he needed to be slapped. His story was a portrayal of a quick romance, but that wasnt me. I had dated Kurt for many years, and things between us were comfortable and natural. With Henry I felt I was being rushed into things. I needed time to be alone.
Stacey called me after I got up from my bath, but I didnt answer.  I slept in the next morning, bent on going to work. Then I remembered I was on paid leave. I went to the park where I had met Kurt alone. I cried on a bench overlooking the lake confused by the puzzle my life had turned into.
There were never calls from any of the North Carolina clan. My parents were probably snorkeling in the Mediterranean, and I felt utterly alone. I didnt want my friends help in this one. No doubt about it, Henry wouldnt call me because I had ruined Ellie and Liams marriage and revealed that Jean had been a mongrel who slept around while Adle was pregnant. 
I buried my head in my hands, but someone took my hand in his. My muscles flexed, and I looked up to see the familiar dark-green eyes of my coworker, Peter. Candice? I thought you were supposed to be in North Carolina.
Embarrassment tingled by nerves, but I ignored it. Peter and I werent particularly close, but he had saved my life with the Heimlich maneuver, listened to me at lunch across the street at La Paz y Paciencia Restaurante every week, and shared a cubicle with me. I shared my Coke bottles with him, and he gave me funny updates on social movements. We were friends, and I needed someone to talk to.
Peter, excuse me, I cried, wiping my face. I must look like a basketcase.
Peter grinned. He was a good-looking guy, with light brown and green eyes. He was the same height as me, with a tan, friendly face. Peters mom was half-Apache and his father was from Texas. He wasnt athletic, but he was strong, and I had seen him lift weights at the Oro Valley Gym before. Last I checked, he was dating a girl named Rose whom he had met through a dating website. Candice, Ive seen you puking, choking, and the like. You think I cant handle you sobbing on a park bench? Seriously, what happened?
I scooted over, allowing him to sit by me. IIm in low spirits, Peter.
You need an update on the Democratic party today?
Oh, Peter, you know Im
He laughed. Yes, I know, Candice. Youre the only elephant among
I punched his side teasingly. 
You know what you need?
What?
He helped me stand. La Paz y Paciencia. Come on, Ill drive ya.
Mexican sounds really good right now.
I bet Marquez cant wait to see you either. He always had a liking for you, Candice. Flirting at its finest.
Marquez? Yeah, right. He dated Sandra for a year. Why would he be flirting with me?
Peter laughed. Trust me, Id know.
How is work?
Boring. Especially when my partner-in-crime isnt there so I can save a life on the daily, you know.
I rolled my eyes. You have absolutely got the biggest ego ever, Peter Parker.
Spiderman? I wonder who gives me my ego. Bet youll never be able to guess!
Within five minutes, we were at his conservative Toyota Pilot. He opened the door for me, and Matchbox 20 played through the speakers. He buckled his seatbelt, turned out of the parking lot, drove the speed limit, and said, I was at the park to meet with Rose.
Why are you with me, then? I squealed, my eyes wide. You get the jerk award of the night! I swatted him.
He heartily laughed. We were going to meet so she could give me the rest of my belongings.
What do you mean?
She cheated on me. With a slew of guys.
Oh, Im so sorry, Peter! That is awful.
Lets not talk about me.
Stop it, I growled. Im your friend, and Ill go Lara Croft on her.
Thanks, Candice, but this is not about me.
Stop being humble. Rose obviously has a thousand issues, if shed let you go that quicklyreally? Is that the new, popular thing to do? Cheat on the only good guys out there?
Im not sure, he replied quietly as he pulled onto a fresh strip of highway. It felt good to be home.
I rolled my windows down, the 70 degree weather helping me regain my state of mind. You know, Im sick of love. Why couldnt God have made us interested in something besides romance? Whats the big deal? My mouth was wet with the lies I told Peter.
God made us like that because love is placing another persons interests before your own. Imagine how selfish we all would be
People are already selfish, I protested.
He nodded quiescently. I like how God made us. It feels good to love a woman. I love being able to be her knight in shining armor.
I pulled my hair to one side of my shoulder. Women like that, but after a few breaths, it gets harder to breathe. Thats my problem. I hate feeling suffocated. And Im only comfortable with longtime relationships.
I feel this is relating to both of us, he said, his green eyes wise. 
Yeah.
Why do you feel suffocated?
I shrugged. I met a guy.
Ah, I see where this is going.
Handsome, blue-eyed guy with a nice piggy bank?
Yeah, I sniffed. He is almost perfect. He really likes me, but he is pushing me so fast
What do you mean?
I go to North Carolina, meet him on that airplane, and I think I really like him, too, but Im not ready to be serious with someone I just met
Smart, Peter nodded, steering into another lane, the Tucson area passing us by. He could be some kind of whackjob.
That, and Ilike I said, I feel suffocated. I found out my sister is pregnant
The one whos getting married?
Yeah, I said, the words stabbing me in the heart. Andwell, her bridesmaids got me drunk and ready to party it up with my ex-boyfriend.
Kurt? Why was he in Asheville?
Peter and Kurt had previously met at a few parties. They hit it off, and actually remained casual friends. Ellie invited Kapelmann, telling him I was still in love with him.
We pulled into the parking lot of the restaurant, and he cut the engine. Sunshine rays poured in from the windows, highlighting his golden-streaked hair. Youre not, though.
No, Im not, I confirmed, nodding. In the meantime, my new significant other has been
Smothering you? Tell him the truth. You need space. You cant go into a relationship that quickly, or youll run out of fire. Unless youve known each other for years. That would be different.
He took the keys from the car, and we went inside the restaurant, greeting the hostess by name. We were regular customers, and we sat in the same blue, green, and red table we always sat at when we went out for lunch with the others. It was a little strange being alone with Peter, but as we were handed our menus, we bumped elbows and I giggled. We sat across from each other, and I noticed Peters flannel shirt, reminding me a bit of John Bender. 
What are you looking at? he asked as he opened his menu.
I smiled, a wave of shyness hitting me like a Mack truck. Were both wearing flannel shirts.
Wow. The skin around his eyes crinkled happily as he ate a chip with salsa. 
It was at this time when our regular server, Marquez, popped out. Marquez was a tall, skinny Mexican man with greasy, black hair who smelled distinctly of sugar cane. He had a big smile, and once he saw us, he squealed, Mis amigos favoritos are back! Spanglish at its finest.
Marquez!
He pulled me up, giving me a huge hug. I thought you werent coming back for a long, long time, bonita.
Aw, Marquez, I laughed, holding him for a second before sitting again. Im back for a few weeks.
Well, Ill bring the cheese dip, and Ill put your orders in. I would talk to you, but there is a lady here whom Im currentlyah, what is the word? Oh, I have it! I am romancing her.
I smiled. Go get her, Marquez.
He nodded, pulling on his white apron. Be right back, Petey, Candy!
After he left, I laughed. Marquez hasnt changed a bit.
Peter nodded. Neither have you.
What do you mean?
He shrugged. I dont know. I kinda expected you to come back with a different outlook on life, but thats not the case at all. When do you have to go back to North Carolina?
A few weeks. I want to come back to work, but I dont think our boss will let that happen
Want to hang out after work tomorrow? he burst. 
I giggled. Sure. What are we doing, Spidey?
He stroked his chin playfully. We could go see that new sci-fi movie. I know youre a sucker for dumb sci-fi flicks.
Sounds perfect.

***

THE NEXT DAY, I woke up with a smile on my face. I dressed, checked my phone to see a voicemail from Henry, ignored it, and walked to the shower. After that, I dressed, pulling on a nice blouse, adding makeup to my face, and with a quick pet to Peppermints warm head, I headed outside into the sunny air.
I spent my afternoon at the nail salon after eating fish tacos at a nice place near my job, and then, at four oclock, I met Peter at the movie theater. He was dressed in a nice shirt and jeans, his hands directly in his pockets, and I grinned seeing him. Hi, Candice.
I walked to him, and I was excited to be with him. You know, Im excited to make fun of this movie with you.
Me too, he grinned.


Chapter Twenty-One


WE SPENT A week like this. Every day, after work, we met at a new place  movie theatres, Japanese bistros, koi ponds in an old ladys yard, the outdoors, his apartment to watch reruns of The Twilight Zone, my apartment to watch Indiana Jones, and finally, he surprised me with a night out to a five-star steakhouse. 
It was there, after seeing him dressed in nice clothing, that I realized I was betraying Henry. We teased each other the whole meal, and afterwards, as we walked back to the car, I told him the truth. Peter, we have to stop this.
What do you mean?
I shook my head. Im dating Henry.
Are we not allowed to be friends? I mean
Yes, of course, I said, closing my eyes. But
Peter wasnt confrontational in any manner. He nodded slowly. Youre right. Im sorry, Candice. I think Ive been too close to you these past few weeks. I havent meant to barge in
Dont think that at all, Peter. I really like you
At this, Peter awkwardly turned his back to me. Yeah. Candice, Im sorry.
A piece of me wanted to grab his arm and tell him to stay with me. I truly valued his friendship when I had been ignoring the rest of my world, but another part of me vowed to be faithful to Henry. My boyfriend would be ashamed to hear I had spent every night with another man, even if it was Peter. 
Peter turned, though, and my heart fluttered. His green eyes sparkled as he passionately declared, Why are you still with him? After what youve told me about him, theres no way youll ever love him the way he loves you.
I was taken aback. He made me feel good about myself. And I think I love him, too. That was the first time I had admitted it to myself.
And another man cant do that for you? What if theres another guy out there who cares more about you as a soul than as a beautiful woman, Candice? Another guy who liked you a lot more than this character Henry did? Do you think people can change? They cant, Candice.
Another girl would have punched his face in, but I was struck by Peters message. He was the other guy, and this was his speech admitting that he had feelings for me. I felt guilty for what my heart told me. Peter, I should go home.
Peter took a few steps back. Yeah. Good night, Candice. Drive safely.

***

I DROVE HOME with clenched fists. Peter McCannon was perfectly perfect for a girl who loved him. Was I that girl? There was no doubt in my mind that Peter had me laughing at every interval. We shared shy glances, the same taste in film, similar foodie personalities, and we both loved writing. But Henry
I entered my apartment, my heart heavy like usual. I had learned to accept the heaviness by now. Peppermint barked at me, but that wasnt what made me drop my keys. In the same sofa chair where I read the newspaper and did crosswords sat a charming gentleman with diamond-blue eyes. There was something so devilishly handsome about him that took my breath away. Henry. Possibly the handsomest man Id ever seen. My heart still leapt a billion feet into the sky being in the same room as him. 
Henry, I said, confusion filling my face.
He stood, pleasure filling his eyes. He reached out to me. Candice, he whispered.
Uh, hi. Why are you here? In my house? With my dog?
Another voice shouted, Stop the PDA now, brother.
Liam.
Get out of my house, you dog! I screamed. Henry tried to restrain me as Liam appeared from the shadows. Pep, get him!
Peppermint bared her teeth, and latched onto Liams leg. The other man began to scream. Candice, stop Peppermint, please.
Fine, stop, Pep.
Pep backed away from Liam, but gritted her teeth, and Liam fell into another sofa chair. 
What do you want? I asked, hostility filling my voice. Im not a hotel service. I gulped, looking back at Henry, who held me closely to his chest.
Listen, CandiceI promiseI wont doubt you again
Shut up. Get out of my house, I croaked, my mind reeling. I wasnt sure I could handle anyone right now, but my emotions evaporated, were void of feeling, when Liams news hit me.
Ellie, Candice. Its Ellie. Shes missing.


Chapter Twenty-Two


THIS MOMENT CLASSIFIES as a good point to tell you information about Elizabeth Michelin. A young woman with a calm temperament is how I would describe her before her tragic change to fit into the Desrosiers world. Though I am six years older, I would still say my jealousies of her dont fade easily.
Ellie ran away from home in tenth grade. It was for a day, and she didnt go far. Actually, she ran to her best friends house (not a smart move.) Mom called me sobbing, and because I was the responsible older sibling, I dutifully drove all the way to Texas before Mom updated me that Ellie returned home after her friends house was too dirty to live in.
Why did Ellie run away?
She didnt like the idea of Jason spending the summer with us.
Jason, an exchange student from Italy, who was actually very handsome mind you, turned out to be one of Ellies many romantic encounters, but at the time, she was vexed by the idea of sharing a house with a boy. I dont blame her for that, but it proved to me she would always return home. Ellie Michelin could be a drama queen, but her idea of running away would be to a mall to relieve stress at her favorite boutique.
In an instant, I knew Ellie would not return to Nashville. She would go to Ohio, the place our family was from. She wouldnt stay with them, because she couldnt stand them. No, there was a classy hotel on the edge of town where she would stay, using Mom and Dads credit card as she cried and debated her life. The hotel had been ours to stay at when we visited our family. No doubt, there she would be.
Henry knew my look, and he grabbed my arm. You know where she is? This is important, Candice.
Dont, I choked. You think I dont know that? I hurried to my bedroom, packed my duffel, grabbed Peppermint, and entered the living quarters again. 
Where are you going?
Ohio. Have you checked Nashville already?
Yeswe wanted to call you, but Henry wanted to surprise you
I ignored Henry. I walked to Liam, pulled his collar, and sputtered, Listen, cowboy. You abide by my rules. Well take your car, head to Ohio, find my sister, and get her back to North Carolina for the wedding.
Liam didnt speak. They followed me outside into the cool air, where I jumped into the drivers seat. You guys ready to go to the north?
Readier than Ill ever be, Henry dejectedly decided, his eyes looking at his hands. You okay, Candice?
No, Im not.
A few quiet moments later, I pulled onto the interstate and barked, What is going on between you two that I dont know?
No one said anything for a few moments. I was about to yank the car over and kick them out when Liam said, There isnt going to be a wedding.
What?
Ellie and I ended our relationship.
I immediately hit him upside the head. You jerk! What the heck did you do? Dont make me
Candice, Henry growled, focus on the road. Youve had too much to drink, obviously.
What is that supposed to mean? You are the one who came uninvited to my house to tell me my sister is missing!
Henry sat straighter in the passenger seat. And Im not allowed? Im your boyfriend, not some unexpected stranger
Were practically strangers, I huffed. I cant believe this. No wonder Ellie wanted to be rid of you people.
Liam nodded quiescently, before saying, Its not my child, thats why, Candice.
What do you mean?
The baby is not mine.
I swerved, almost having a heart attack. I looked back, and tears filled my eyes. Oh, Liam, Ive been so rude to youIm so sorry.
Pull over, Henry barked. Im going to drive.
What is wrong with you?
Whats wrong with you? PMSing?
My nostrils flared and I whipped into another lane. Shut up, Henry. Liam, who is the father? You have every right to beat me up
He smiled. Its not the fact about the child. I would love to be a father, even if the child is not my flesh. Its not that. His eyes drifted to his feet. Its the fact that Ellie would lie to me, cheat on me, and still want to wear my ring. The fact she was planning to marry me when she knew that we would be bound together eternally when we signed the contract.
My fists clenched the wheel. Henry was right. I probably should not have driven in my condition, but I ignored them both. I was silent until we spent the night in Albuquerque, New Mexico. We rented two rooms at a poor motel, but I didnt mind. I slammed the door in Henrys face when he tried to talk to me.
The next morning, Henry came into my room with doughnuts and coffee. Candice, can we talk?
Im not sure we can, I said. Ive spent this week at home, and I wont lie to you. I spent it with one of my friends from work.
His eyes met mine. A guyfriend?
I nodded, not in any way ashamed. He and I have known each other for many years, Henry. He convinced me that I shouldnt feel this way in a relationship
Let me take a swing at this kid, Henry laughed cynically. Hes not married, not dating, and telling you relationship advice?
I bit the inside of my cheek. You can say what you want, but I
Marry me, Henry said, falling to one knee. 
I looked down at him, my eyebrows furrowing. What?
Suddenly, his lips smothered mine, and I couldnt breathe. I screamed, and he loosened, but his eyes were wide. Marry me, Candice. Lets make this official. The wedding can still be on at the Estate
I shook my head, disbelief crossing my mind. I stood from my hotel bed, disgust ravaging my body. 100% no. Get out, Henry.
What? We can
First in Fresh, and now, too? Why cant you see itI dont want to marry you, Henry!
What are you talking about? His eyes clouded over. What is Fresh?
Stop, I quivered. Stop pretending you dont know
I really dont. What are you talking about?
Nothing registered across Henrys face. I realized suddenly who Huxley was. It wasnt Henry. My mind reeled. I couldnt breathe, and I fell to the bed. For a few seconds, I watched in horror as Henry slammed the door behind him, and blood trickled down my nose. Shock. I was in shock, because the man who loved me wasnt Henry. It was Peter.

***

A FEW MINUTES later, I snuck across the parking lot, rented a taxi cab, and drove to a rental car company. I drove across Texas in an Accord, windows down, and constantly sent phone calls to my sister. Nothing. The same voicemail message. Its me, Candice. Call me, Ellie. Lets talk about this. You and me. Just us, like it used to be. Im not afraid of you, Ellie. Come on, answer. The same message being cut in half.
The same ripped heart.
I called Peter in Oklahoma. My cell phone was running low on battery, so I stopped at a gas station to buy popcorn, a slushie, and a phone charger. Peppermint sat in the backseat, her ears flopping from side to side, because I had left her kennel in the Desrosiers car. 
Peter! I cried into the phone, but he didnt answer. I left a voice message, but finally, I couldnt breathe when he answered after the fiftieth call.
Peter, I cried. Peter.
Candice? What is wrong? Are you okay?
Peter, I cried, Pep barking in the background. Its you.
What do you mean?
You are Charles Huxley
He didnt answer, but his sigh told me he was. You thought it was Henry, didnt you?
I did, but I realized youre the only one who could make me fall in love with you just in writing. YouIIm such a fool.
Where are you? Ill come over
Im on my way to Ohio. Ellies missing.
Oh, God. Ill fly out there. I can meet you to help you find her.
I shook my head, but knew he wouldnt be able to see me, so I said, No, dont worry about itI need to do this alone.
You need help. You cant do everything alone, Candice.
I know, but this is different
Call me when you get to your hotel. Ill talk to you later, okay?
We have a lot to discuss, I whispered. Especially your story, Mr. Huxley, my favorite writer ever.

***

OHIO. A GRISLY day later, full of adventures and avoiding two, handsome men, I drove into the hills of my birth state. It was sunset by the time I entered Columbus. I passed the hospital where I was born, my grandmas church, and the mall before stopping in front of a beautiful, historic hotel on the edge of the city.
I parked the car, told Pep to be quiet, and went inside to the attendant. Is an Ellie Michelin staying here?
The girl gave me a fake smile. We dont give any personal
I leaned over the counter, giving my own fake smile. Girl, I asked if shes here. Now, you can tell me if my sister is here, or I will sit across from you until she comes out, and I wont leave. At all.
You can sit across from me, honey.
So, I sat for twenty minutes, constantly glaring at the attendant, waiting for Ellie. When the attendant was called away for a few minutes, I jumped up, hurried across the counter, and met the computer. Luckily for me, I found that the attendant had looked up Ellies room number. 
 A-ha!
432. I rode the elevator upstairs, pulling on my leather jacket. Ignoring the nervousness, I chewed on my nail and walked down the carpet to room 432. Ellies room. I knocked on the door, afraid she wouldnt answer, so I added an occasional, Elizabeth! Open up, its Aunt Candice!
Finally, the door opened to reveal my sister, red in tears with a stuffy nose. She clutched her stomach protectively, and a scowl told me she hadnt forgiven me for my words in Asheville. You. You ruined everything.
How did I ruin everything? I squeaked. You were never going to tell him it wasnt your child. You were going to allow him to
Ellie slapped my face. Her hand stung against my cheek, but I ignored the severity of the violence. It was the sheer fact that my sister had changed. Ellie, the girl who only cared about makeup, hair, and clothingwas this now?
I fell back, stumbling against the door. My eyes widened. Youve changed, Ellie.
Ellie turned, her eyes glistening with wet tears. So have you.
Yeah, I croaked, my mind flashing red lights. Let me take a wild guess, sister. The babys father isnt a stranger. Let me take a wild, wild guess. Henrys the father. He only professed to love me so he could marry me quickly, therefore, not incriminating himself.
Watching my sister fall against the door, I didnt cry. The only person I thought about was my niece, but there was nothing I could do. Not yet. Henry never loved me, but he didnt love you, either. I really feel sorry for Liam. That is all I can say.
Wait, she squeaked, grabbing for my arm. Imbleeding. She clutched her stomach protectively, pain forming contusions in her cheeks.
What?
Im bleeding! she wailed, and I knew we had to get her to the hospital as soon as possible.

***

ANIMOSITY ASIDE, I carried my little sister down the steps, across the entry way to the hotel, and to my car. Peppermint was alarmed as the rental car rumbled down the highway. I had seen the hospital earlier, and I cried and screamed as Ellie passed out in my arms. I couldnt carry her far, but a nurse who had just ended her shift helped carry her into the ER.

***

DR. REESE HELD my arm, pulling me out of my sisters hospital room. Miss Michelin, he dutifully whispered. He was a wiry man, but he was a nice guy. We need to talk about your sister.
It was the stress, wasnt it? I cried, falling into his arms. How is my niece?
I wailed the rest of the day, my screams heard throughout the entire hospital. One life, many broken hearts.

***

PETER WALKED INTO the hospital that night. I told you, you dont need to be alone, he said, putting an arm around my shoulder. His green eyes were the only thing tangible to me. Ellie hadnt awakened as I slept in Peters arms. He was such a good sport. Later, he kissed my hair. You know, I always wondered what it would be like to hold you as you cried over a classic.
I smiled, holding him. Youre not lying about loving me, are you? Mr. Huxley?
About thatI hoped you never would read that, but it looks like you did, and you thought it was Henryand you were feeling smotheredGod, Im such an idiot. He played with his thumbs, not making eye contact.
I looked up to him, our eyes meeting in a sweet embrace. I didnt say anything, because I loved watching him speak. He continued to ramble on, but I held him in my arms. That morning, I awoke to find Ellie staring at us.
Ellie! I rushed to her, enveloping her in a hug.
She touched her stomach. Shes gone, isnt she? she cried.
I couldnt speak. I moved away, and Peter stood behind me. He gave us space by leaving, and I nodded. The stress made you miscarry your baby, Ellie.
Ellie cried, blowing on her nose. Howwhythis is allI deserve hell
Stop, I cried, pushing on her hair. Your baby, my niece, is happy in heaven. Well get through this together.


Chapter Twenty-Three


HENRY AND LIAM found the hospital a few days after Ellie was released. You can stay with me in Arizona, we decided, and by the point the Desrosiers boys came, we were gone.
Peter returned the ruined Accord, and the three of us flew on an airplane, with Pep in tow, to Tucson. When we got home, I immediately took Ellie to a church meeting, where she prayed for healing and for little child. Meanwhile, I prepped my apartment for my sisters arrival.
Then, succinctly, I called Henry. I will deal with this forever, Henry, and its not good for me to say, but I dont like you. In fact, I would say I hate you, but my niece would want me to love you. Let me say, I felt weird about you. I didnt know you were playing me, but
The message ended, and I cursed. I went back to calling him, but this time he answered. Hello? His voice cracked.
Darn, I seethed, hoping I wouldnt hear his voice. I still loved him, but how could I trust his past? No kid, no Piper? What happened to Carley?
Henry sighed into the phone. Can we talk about this? His voice was sharp, not the usual tone of the man I used to admire.
No, I said. Stay away from me, my sister, my family
He snickered unhappily into the phone, but he sounded unsure of his decisions. You probably should know, Candice. Who the father was, before you think about breaking things off.
What are you trying to tell me? That you were my nieces father? Great, Henry, great. If I ever see you again, I swear!
He hung the phone up, and I yelled into static. I turned to see Ellie, shriveled and crying. Is it true?
She didnt respond, her head hanging. She was back from her prayer meeting. I loved him, Candice. Liam was always involved with work, and
I shook my head. I dont want to hear about it right now, I whispered, pulling her into the bathroom to take a warm bath. Soak, now. Im going to go into the kitchen, prepare some cocoa, and then we can watch a movie. But no, I dont want to hear about Henry, okay? Not for a very, very long time.
As she fell into the warm water, her lips parted. Thank you, Candice. I dont deserve any of this. But you must know, Henry isnt my babys father.
No, but youre my sister.
No, she mumbled, pulling me into the water. My child isnt Henrys. You must know that. He is the kindest man on the planet, and I want you to be with him, Candice
I closed my eyes and left. I went into the living room, cooked pasta and made hot chocolate, and called Peter. Hey, I said.
How is it going?
Henry was the father of my niece, I think. Im not sure, though, because Ellie says hes not, but shes a liar
What? Am I hearing you right?
Yes. I tossed a carrot (yes, a carrot) to Peppermint as I held the phone. You know, I dont care anymore. That family is probably all lies. Everything.
You never know, I guess. Can I come over? Ill bring music and Ill cook you dinner.
Nah, dont worry about it. Im already making food for Ellie.
All right. Well, I have work tomorrow, but can I come over after? Ill take you out for a relaxing trip to the Botanical Gardens
Sounds perfect.
An hour later, Ellie and I ate cheesy, delicious pasta as we watched a movie on the TV. We didnt talk, as there were now natural barriers between us. However, when the phone rang, we both jumped, and I laughed. Were still sisters, I said, overcome with guilt of my hostility toward her. I fell into her lap, and hugged her neck. Baby Ellie would want us to be friends again.
Ellie held me. Yeah, she would. And Im sick of all those movies where people have regrets. You should probably answer that phone.
Oh, yeah, that.
I sprinted to the telephone in the kitchen, answering with a goopy, Hello.
Hi, a soothing voice replied. Candice Michelin, we need you back.
Adle? My mouth fell open. II
A box is arriving to your flat now, she said, her voice on the verge of tears, with the itinerary of an impending wedding between two special people.
Ohno, you see
Shut up, Candice. You are getting on that red-eye tomorrow morning. Its December 20th, and you have a wedding to attend.

***

PETER, you have to come, I cried into the phone after hanging up with Adle. Youll come as my date, naturally. Plus, Ellie refuses to go.
But, CandiceI need to tell you
Ill buy you a steak. And we can go to the Biltmore, andandplus, I have an answer for you.
What do you mean?
Get on the flight, I crooned. Ellie refuses to return, so I have an extra ticketand Stacey and Reesey promised to watch Ellie, so you can come with me
Fine, he decided. But, those steaks better be superb. Best of the best, you hear?
Success! Ill see you in the morning at your apartment?
Ill come to yours. Closer to the airport.

***

THAT MORNING, I kissed Ellie and Peppermint good-bye, shuffled down the stairs, and bumped into Peter in the process. Without hesitation, he fell over too, and it struck me: I had met my match. I didnt need someone to pick me up all the time. I needed someone to fall down with me, and together, we could stand as one. Or, was that true? I needed someone to watch out for me, and be ambitious, and honest enough to help me.
Sorry, I blushed, a smile appearing on my lips.
Peters green eyes smiled back. You know, we wouldnt make a great spy duo.
Probably not, I grinned, holding his hand. It felt natural, and I was completely at ease. There was no queasiness in my heart as we drove to the airport with Rudy as our driver.
Miss Michelin, he said, nodding his hat, but then he noticed Peter, and he was quiet the rest of the drive.
The flight was easy banter. We were complimented by an elderly couple on our gentle personalities, and given advice. My wife and I have been married over fifty years, the man said, and every day just gets a little bit sweeter!
I read a Huxley novella while Peter played scrabble on his iPad. I nuzzled my head against his neck, and before I knew it, he kissed my cheek and whispered, Be my girlfriend?
I never told you my answer to your proposition, I beamed, my eyes bright. 
Proposition? His eyebrows furrowed.
Well talk about it when we land, was my response.
When we disembarked the airplane, my heart soared when I saw Nancy, Bentley, and Amanda holding a sign that read: CANDICE. They really cared about me, didnt they? I hurried over, embracing them in huge hugs. You guys! 
Who is this handsome man? Bentley asked, chugging on a slurpee as he examined Peter. I like him! He has strong hands. Young man, do you know how to cook? This one, he declared, patting my head, needs extra lessons.
Peter laughed. I do know how to cook.
Why is he here? Amanda crooned, slurping on her own cherry drink. I thought you and Henry
Stan told me wrong. He said Henry was one of the good ones, I defiantly announced.
Nancy wrapped an arm around my waist. Henry is a good kid. He has his quirks. Whatever he has done
Nah, not this time, I said, pushing my bag closer to my arm. You guys look nice. Whens the wedding? And whos getting married?
Its a surprise, and youll have the right amount of time to get dressed in the car before the wedding, big Bentley proclaimed. Oh, you mind if I do your hair? Its a little whackadoo.
Whackadoo?
Girl, look at my watch. You think we got time for your melodrama? Come on, lets push it, Nancy-cakes.


Chapter Twenty-Four


THE DRIVE TO Chaucer was interesting. With the unusual banter between Bentley and well, every air particle that happened to be listening to Bentley, I was sure Peter was ready to fly back to Arizona. He was missing work for my reasoning to bring him here, but as he caught me gazing at him as Bentley curled my hair (dont ask me how Bentley knew, either), he whispered into my ear, Its not us getting married, is it? We havent even confirmed what status were in.
I blushed. No, not yetwell, I mean? No, definitely not. Unless, youIoh man, Ill shut up now.
See this girl. Bentley finished a perfect curl. Shes got the full package, Mr. Peter Parker. Shes got the bod, the brains, and the personality. Ring that girl. Or whatever the new slang for that phrase is.
I dont think that was ever a phrase, Amanda chuckled from the front seat. The girl hadnt returned to her home, it seemed.
How did you two meet, anyhow? Bentleys eyes widened and his face was inches from Peter. He leaned his huge belly over my body. I was crushed.
Well, we work together
Andyou let her go to North Carolina? To be charmed by another man? Whats wrong with you, fool? Bentley wasnt shy  he slapped Peter with his empty slurpee. You got a problem, man? Remember my advice, boy. Ring that girl! Ring her good!
I laughed so hard I was sure I was going to urinate, but Bentley wasnt done with his speech. And you, little miss, you have this strong, handsome man working at a cubicle with you, and you dont fall in love with him? Look at him! Hes a fine specimen of a man, baby gal!
Peter spoke up, his voice crystal clear. And you havent ringed a girl yet, Bentley?
Bentley fell back, fanning his head. By sweet Atlanta herself, I thought you would realize it by now! Im in love with Miss Nancy!
Nancy almost drove the car into the side railing. And before we knew it, our car was teetering over a cliff. Oh, sweet Jesus! Bentley screamed like a girl. We gonna die! We gonna die! I didnt get to bake any muffins for the missuss wedding, either!
Well, I should tell you. Our car wasnt really teetering over a cliff. We almost fell off a cliff, but upon further examination, we had all screamed for basically no purpose. The car was a good twenty feet from the edge. However, when we stepped out, Nancy had gotten the car stuck in a rocky ditch. What was happening to this world? Well, I knew things had changed with the introduction of a certain group of people in life, but Peter was laughing hysterically.
Within minutes, we were on the side of an uninhabited road, all hitchhikers, waving to every lone car passing by. I didnt blame the ones who passed without a word. Five shady people on the side of the road could only lead to danger. 
When Henrys car bumbled past us, my heart stopped. He turned the car expertly around and, through his Shelby GT, he opened the windows, his diamond blue eyes staring straight at me, filled with sadness. When his eyes drifted to Peter, the sorrow on his face was unmistakable. What happened?
WellBentley, I whispered, not able to look at him in the eyes.
Henry hopped out of his car. His suit was unmistakably pristine, and he scowled at me with deep loathing and sadness. This will be an easy fix. He hopped into the car, and with a few sure movements, was able to maneuver the car on the side of the road. I thought he would hop back into his car, but as the others rushed in Nancys, he stood right beside me. You wont.
What the heck? I spat. Dont start with me.
You think I impregnated your sister? I ask to marry you, and you run across the country from me? II give you my heart, and you think I lied to you? And you bring another man to the wedding a few days after you randomly cut me out of your life? What is wrong with you, Candice? I loved you, and I still do, but I cant pretend this doesnt hurt.
The mountain air was the only thing keeping me alive. Peter stood nearby, but he also looked critical of me, and I whispered to Henry, I dont want to talk to you.
Henry shook his fists at me. Thats okay, Candice. Thats really okay. I guess the Michelin sisters are alike in more ways than one.
I cant give you what you want, I yelled at him, hurt by him, too. I dont love you! I didnt ask for any of the emotions you want from me! Now I was screaming lies.  I did love him.
Henry turned, his eyes brimming like fire and his passion erupting like a volcano. Yeah? I didnt ask for any of the emotions, either! I cant believe you would think that I lied about my past to you! I didnt ask to fall for you, Candice. In fact, I feel like I have been cursed to feel this way about someone! Would you do us all a favor, and figure out what you want? Because youve been stringing us along this entire time.
He hopped into his car and sped away. 

***

WE DROVE TO Asheville in silence. Peter held me through my tears. He hadnt said anything, which made me completely lost. I needed to talk to Henry, and I needed to talk to him now. Peter whispered in my ear, You need to be with him.
What do you mean?
You need to figure out what you want, like he said. Ithink you really desire a relationship, but
Peter
Stop, he said, holding his hands up. Iwant you to be happy. That is true love. Putting someone elses needs before yourself. And II did exactly what Henry did. I suffocated you
No, please
I will always be your friend, he said, kissing my forehead. Butyou belong with Henry. And if I told you the truth, from this past week, I knew you were in love with him. That is why you had that funny feeling. You are in love with Henry, and you dont know how to deal with it.
II love you!
He smiled gently. Yes, but you dont want to marry me, Candice. You honestly would marry me? I meanIm not really anybody special.
Stop it, I cried. You are going to perfect for...
Somebody else, he whispered. You said you would give me an answer about what I said in that Charles Huxley book.
I
He nodded quietly. Candice, I need to tell you something.
What? I asked, my eyes wide.
I didnt write it.
What?
Im not Charles Huxley. I lied and said I was because Im in love with you, and I want to be with you
We were at Chaucer now, and as the foliage passed, and we entered the car-filled grass of the Estate, Nancy parked. Peter and I were left in the garage for a moment of privacy, and I cried. Youyou lied to me? Are you telling me that all of thisall of this madnesswas a lie?
Peter moved away from me. Go to Henry, Peter said, kissing my forehead. Tell him you are in love with him. Dont let him go, do you understand?
Dont touch me! I screamed. Without thinking, I punched him in the nose. If you ever talk to me again, I promise I will kick you in the crotch! How could I be so stupid? Of course youre not Huxley. Have a nice life.
Candice, I will be okay. I will find my wife. Shes out there. But I need her to be honest with me, and she needs to be absolutely sure of herself.
I hope you rot! I yelled. Lying to me, and saying that you want an honest wife. Get the heck out! 
He left, leaving me to bite my lip in frustration. I dont know where he went, because he disappeared, and as I changed into a gold dress, I walked outside, my hair falling behind me, my eyes angrily scanning the huge crowds for Henry. I wanted to deck him. And I realized something else that day: fake-Peter offered me comfort, but Henry offered me adventure. We hadnt adventured many times, but Henry was like a friend, brother, and lover mixed into one. Peter had listened to my sadnesses, but it was true. Loving Peter would mean loving a lie. And love is placing others before you. How could I have been so stupid? 
Outside, before the garden, a beautiful trellis dawned over a beautiful couple. Purple flowers spanned atop the trellis, and nearly everyone on the green lawn was gorgeous. Every inch of space was decorated, and I strained my eyes to see the couple being married by Papy. Greta and Stan? They were marrying?
My mouth fell open as I watched them. Stan was crying, and Greta was too, as he slipped a ring on her skinny finger. After they finished their vows, they walked down a long silver road that was covered in red roses. They were congratulated by many people, and before long, Gretas eyes locked with mine.
She stopped before me, glowing. Candice! she cried, holding me tightly, tears pouring down her warm face. This is all because of you. Were not afraid to show our love. It doesnt matter who we are. Thank you. And I need to talk to you desperatelyI must apologize
Oh, no, I said, wiping a tear from my eyelid. You guys are so beautiful.
Stan kissed his wife, pulling me into a huge hug. Hey, Candice, do you remember what the first thing you said to me was?
No, I smiled.
Code, Bond. You really helped me, here. Now, time to go make little babies. See ya!
I laughed as he said that, but I felt empty after remembering the fiasco with Henry and Peter.  However, a wave from a beautiful, old black woman distracted me. I waved back at her. Beatrice? I wanted to talk to her, but people milled about in every direction, sipping wine and discussing the perfect weather. I was surprised when someone grabbed me by the arm, covered my mouth, and dragged me into the garden.
Urgagurg! 
You can never shut up, can you? Henry murmured into my ear, making my heart drop.
Finally, we stopped before a patch of roses, and he pulled a newspaper from his hand. I took it from him, and recognized it to be my newspaper. The one I wrote for. On the top, the emblem read, CANDICE MICHELIN IS THE GREATEST WOMAN EVER. WILL YOU BE MY CATHERINE AS LONG AS I AM HEATHCLIFF? LOVE, HENRY. P.S. NO RUSH.
Youdid this for me? I asked, holding the newspaper.
Of course, he cried. Also, I wrote your best friend Reesey. She was supposed to mail you this, but shes actually missing right now. He pulled a box from his pocket, and we opened it, revealing a blue pendant. And, II tried to visit youand about Huxley, I finally realized what you meant about Fresh. I didnt know what to name my manuscript, and Stacey, my editor, did just thatand you see
Before I knew what I was doing, I pulled him to me, and our lips forced together into a passionate kiss. He was in the middle of talking when I kissed him, but he relaxed, and my leg bended like in the romance movies, and we ended up falling in a garden of roses, but who cares? At least there are roses in December.
After screaming in pain from the thorns, we stood up, looking like we had just awoken from slumber. I fixed his hair, and he fixed my dress, but there was nothing to stop us. You thought I was Ellies babys father? Did you not understand that I was in shock, and I was in deep sadness? Liam was broken-hearted.
If youre not the father, and Liams not? I asked, my mind wandering. 
Bentley? we asked at the same time.
We could work on communication better, he said as he tackled me to the floor. I squealed, but an ebb of sadness hit me about Peter. Peter gave up on you this quickly? I thought I was going to have to punch him.
He lied to me
About what?
He said he was Huxley to make me fall for him. The novella made me fall in love all over again, but I thought it was you, and Peter convinced me otherwise. I cannot believe I allowed him to come between us.
Dont cry, Cand. This was bad communication. Were not going to allow him to ruin what we have, anymore, okay? Were going to grow old together, he announced, pushing a lock of my blonde hair. We curled up next to each other on the woodsy path for many hours, discussing the events of the past few weeks, both angered by our misunderstanding and my lack of faith.
Why dont we do something crazy? I asked, standing up a few minutes later.
What do you mean?
I beamed. Im going to plan something for December 27th. Just be packed and ready to go, honey child. I have an answer to Freshs question.
He didnt stand, instead, looking up at me like I was a queen. Ive waited a million years to find someone like you.
I laughed, flattered. Now, come on. Weve got some family members to talk to.
He pulled me down once more.


Chapter Twenty-Five


WHEN I WALKED into the kitchen, Liam was sadly biting into an egg omelet. His tux was neat, but his sadness was evident. I went to him. How are you?
Liam looked up and shrugged. Okay, I guess. How is Ellie? How is she handlingthings?
She is okay, I answered. She misses you.
Liam shook his head. II miss her, but I cant be with her. She changed into a massively different person, Im afraid.
I hugged him, pulling him tightly. You are stronger than this, Liam. Pull through. Remember her as what she used to be, and fight for her.
The child. Iwanted a child. I would have married Ellie regardless of the baby or not
I smiled, holding his arm. Youre kind, Liam. She needs forgiveness now. Can you give it to her?
I can try, he smiled, sipping on a mango drink. 
I turned to see Adle, her eyes strangely warm. She pulled me into a motherly embrace. Your parents are here. Theyknow. They would like to talk to you. But, first, I must apologize to you. What I did by asking you to go was unfair and harsh. My sons still do not know, and Shelby has kept it a secret, but I must ask you to let me tell them. I plan on discussing it as a family meeting tonight after things settle down. Would you mind watching Charlotte and Elliott?
Of course, I nodded, gently mashing the wrinkles out of my dress. Can we talk later, Adle? I value our friendship.
Adle beamed as she kissed my cheek. Of course, my child. You know, you look identical to my little Grace. I pray that she knows how blessed she is in heaven, and how she has blessed me with you.
I turned around again, my head spinning. I opened the door to the verandah, but I ran straight into Henry. Heat flared my cheeks, and I klutzily glided into his chest. Uh
Without a heartbeat, he pulled me into his arms, dropped me to allow my hair to fall into the air, and kissed me. Then, he stood me up and walked away like nothing had happened. Oh, Henry Desrosiers. My Henry Desrosiers. 
I giggled until I walked to the rose-littered entryway to the make-shift altar on the yard. People were milling about, ready to head to the reception at the resort nearby. I found my parents among a throng of Norwegian immigrants.
Why, hullo, Candy! screamed my dad, tan and wearing a lei. I thought they went to Italy? Anyway, he scooped his little girl into a hug, and leave it to my mom to yell:
Candice! Those shoes dont match your dress, honey. And that bra!
Mom, I blushed, hugging her. Youve missed a lot.
Uh, I would say the normal phrase, but since Ive been purified in Venice, I wont. But, no kidding, Sherlock! Where in the South is your sister? she grabbed a chute of wine from a nearby Norwegian with whom she had made friends.
Arizona. Shes a mess.
By the way, your friend Jasmine has non-stop been calling me. She says shes camping out at Ellies apartment in Nashville.
Well, tell Jasmine to go to Nova Scotia, and meanwhile, Ellie needs her mom, dont you think?
Come on, Joseph. We have a flight to catch.
Wait, let me get a cheese cube, Margaret.
Joseph Michelin! she swatted him, and grabbed my hand. Youre coming with me too, girl, and where is Liam? Where is he? We have a plane to catch!
I rolled my eyes as my mom fainted into a handsome Norwegian mans arms. Oh, Ive seen the stars! was all Mom said.
I left, heading back into the main building. I found Adle nearby dousing her cheeks with powder. Candice! Please, we must talk
Well have many chances to talk, so lets get to talking on the way to the resort. What is a good name I can call you from now on?
What do you mean?
I leaned to her, whispering my plan. She snickered in response, and we chatted like schoolgirls until we made it to the resort. I rode with Adle in her Lexus, listening to classic music. We laughed the entire way. What good bonding could do  within a few seconds, Adle and I were practically long-lost sisters. Underneath her rich, snooty status, Adle was a kind woman, and I knew we would have a lasting relationship for many years. 
Shelby desperately wants to talk with you, Adle said as she maneuvered her Lexus around a cliff.
II would rather not talk to her.
Adle nodded. I failed as a mother to my children. They view me as a harsh, old woman who cannot love. But I can. I want to be a better mother to them, because its not too late, but for Shelby, her life is already on track to ignoring her kids. I dont know what to do.
I received a text message from Peter shortly after. Who is that from?
A betrayer, I told her. He came here with me, but he took a flight home. I owe him the world.
Why?
He made me realize how much I love your son, although he lied to me in the meantime.
Funny equation.
Definitely.
The reception was hosted in the beautiful resort lodge where Henry and I had our first date. The ballroom was covered in beautiful purple flowers. With many florists help, they had transformed the room into a Japanese garden, with a makeshift koi pond, weeping willows, cherry blossoms, and green, vibrant flowers. Greta and Stan were cutting the cake beside a weeping Aunt Genevieve as Adle and I entered.
Ive got to tell you, this is really something, I whispered. EllieI
If you dont mind, Id like to come to Arizona with you. I need to talk to Ellie. She is still very much a part of this family. Her child would have been loved here as much as any other. She needs to understand that. She has hurt Liam, but he still loves her.
I nodded respectfully. Okay. Well leave tomorrow. My warning for you is this: I dont keep a beautiful, pristine apartment
You think I do, either? Nancy keeps my home intact, Adle laughed, locking arms with me as we went to congratulate Greta.
Greta, I whispered as we went to her. She had changed into a dancing, beautiful white gown. You look beautiful.
Her eyes clouded over when she saw me again, and she pulled me into a deep hug. Im such a horrible person, Candice. How can you ever forgive me? Wellwhen we get back from our honeymoon, you and I are going to have a long, long vacation to LA or somethingyou understand? I have to make things up to you.
I smiled. I have a question for you. How did I make this happen for you?
Despite Ellie and Liam not being able to come, it allowed us to have a chance to marry, because you helped me realize that I cannot live behind a wall anymore. Its not fair to anyone, and when we told my parents, they were extremely happy for us. They wanted us to marry if Ellie and Liam werent going to, and Liam agreed whole-heartedly. I didnt mean to take over Ellies big day in any sensebut shes gone, and Ive tried to call the both of youI...
Dont ruin your makeup, I said. Lets dance! Its your wedding day. Im sure Ellie wouldnt mind us dancing for her.
Stan touched my arm afterward. Thank you, Candice. Our kids will have you to thank someday.
I had a really sad thought.
What? they both asked me, their eyes watering.
What happens after this? When will I see you again? After I go back to Arizona and you guys
Greta smiled, looking up to her husband. You said it, already. You said, when, not if. Well see each other soon, Candice. Were going to LA, right?
Yeah, I laughed, and blew them a kiss as they went to dance.
I watched them for a few quiet moments. Greta and Stan. Instead of my sister marrying, here was a happy couple, freely dancing among their friends and family, without a care in the world. With a future ahead of them. Why wait? Well, of course, you have to be absolutely sure, and dont get me wrong, you cant marry a man you met a day ago, but why wait a few years, like I did with Kurt, only to find out that your future isnt tangible? Wasted time is time youll never have back.
Candice! called a familiar voice.
I turned around, looking all around, but seeing no one close by. Then, I felt a tug on my leg, and I looked down to see cute Elliott Lantana in a suit. He was the ring bearer in the wedding, but I hadnt gotten a chance to be with him since I left town. I crouched and said, Why, isnt it my favorite boy in the universe?
Shouldnt Uncle Henry be your favorite boy?
I smiled. Well, he can be my second if youre the first, okay, Elliott? And guess who is going to party with you tonight? Your babysitter.
Elliotts grin sent waves of happiness into my soul. You, Aunt Candice! I brought you this. He handed me a crumpled flower, a rose, and placed it in my hand. Then, without any shyness, he leaned to me and kissed me on the cheek.
Elliott, I smiled, my heart warming. Youre going to be a romanticist when youre older. Thank you, boyfriend.
He ran away, and I stood up with a rose in my hand until I noticed Shelby, Elliotts mother, run to me in a short dress and high heels. Some things never change. She saw me, and stopped. With wide eyes, she knew I saw her, but she turned around. Walked away. And I knew with such sudden force that Shelby would be the hardest Desrosiers member to connect with.
I followed her through the crowds, wanting to talk to her, but Jean stepped in front of me. Candice, you have changed this household.
Excuse me? I asked breathlessly.
The handsome older man leaned to my ear, and whispered, Thank you.
I smiled, and hugged him in response. Do you know where I can find Shelby?
Unfortunately, no. She has been not like herself lately.
Did Jean know that I had revealed a troubling world to her? It was not my place to ask.
Papy found me next. Candice is back! Hello, dear.
Hi, Papy. Do you know where Shelby is?
Shelby Lantana, my darling niece? I saw her run that way
I rushed outside the ballroom, and I saw a flash of hair disappear outside into the chilly air. I ran as fast as I could, and as my lungs expanded, I located my target. Outside, looking at the dark mountains, Shelby stood shivering and alone.
I went to her. Shelby! You cant run any more. Stop it.
Shelby turned, tears hurting her eyes. Candice, stay away from me. It wasnt harsh, but it was a disappointed tone. I caused all of this. You have to stay away from me.
Stop, I commanded, my eyes on fire. I told you, stop it, and I mean it. I forgive you, Shelby. You cant change unless you have inner peace first. I forgive you, Shelby. And you must forgive me
ButEllie, and Liamthey all hate me. Even Henry. And no, because you revealed to me what my mother refused.
I nodded. I dont hate you. I know theyll forgive you. You dont have to hate yourself
Shelby cried. Can we start over? Completely?
Im Candice Michelin, I said, offering my hand. And Im super cold. Want to go inside and have coffee?
Shelby smiled, and we walked inside, ready to make up for all the lost time. We were sisters, anyhow.

***

I RETURNED TO Chaucer late that night with Henry. Well, it seems like everyone apologized. They truly love you, Candice.
I love them, I said.
Is Peter safely in Arizona?
I dont know, honestly. And youll be happy to know that I punched him when he told me the truth.
Thats my girl.
 Im learning to have no regrets. Peter was right. He was in love with me, and I wasnt in love with him like that. I have pretty awful judgment, dont I?
Henry smiled. Well, its midnight, and that means its December 22nd. Where we going for December 27th, queen?
Queen? Wow, weve got to work on better nicknames, Henrietta. And its for me to know, and you to find out. Im going back to Arizona tomorrow, though.
Henry shook his head. You just got here
Youre coming with me, and so is Adle. Were going to check on Ellie, and thenI was thinking we could head to Dallas for Christmas, and then the surprise
Well stay in Arizona. If thats where my family is, Ill be there, also. And I mean it, youre my family now, Candice.
My heart melted and during the drive back, I was silent, watching the stars, thankful that He had made Abraham have descendants as numerous as the skies. If not, I may not have met Henry Desrosiers.



THE NEXT MORNING, after a tearful good-bye to Nancy, Amanda, and Bentley, I set out for the airport again, this time, with Adle, Jean, Liam, and Henry. The drive was boisterous and funny. I was completely enamored by them, and they were charmed that I was Henrys leading lady.
We made it to Arizona, and Rudy picked us up. With the appearance of the Desrosierses, he shuddered and cowered. Did you check out that place, Candice?
I smiled, and shook my head. Before I could answer, Henry shielded me and said, We were kind of busy, Rudy.
That was so mean, I teased, laughing as we walked up the stairs to my apartment.
He was the guy on the pamphlet, wasnt he? The one who wrote his number or whatever?
I rolled my eyes and opened the key to my apartment. Seated on the sofa were not only my parents and Ellie, but Stacey and Reesey, my best pals! The trio is back! I squealed, falling into a sandwich of three women who loved each other dearly.
Stacey, in typical fashion, pushed me off and stood up, smoothing out her tight dress. Reesey, however, held me tight, pulling me up with her. She was quite small, maybe five foot two, and she raised her dark eyebrows. Hi, Im Reesey Sanchez. Me llamo Reesey Sanchez.
Were French, sweetheart, laughed Adle. You are very beautiful.
Thank you, she smiled, eyeing my man. Is this him, Candice?
Stacey stood straight, the punctual lady who was a seasoned editor. Cut it out, Reese. Boy, hes handsome though.
I thought you said cut it out, Reesey said, flicking her long, black hair over her tan skin. Man, look, he has a younger brother!
Ellie stood and turned to leave the room. Ellie! Liam called out, following her into a hallway.
Reesey moved closer to Henry. Hes got the bluest eyes.
And look at these muscles, Stacey said, her eyes watering. Wait, oh my gosh, this is Candices man! The real one. Henryoh man, come on, Reesey, were ruining her life forever!
See ya, Candice! Come over later, Reesey called out as she ran out of the apartment, before mouthing seductively to Henry, Call me later.
I tossed my purse at her. Gosh, Reesey!
Stacey left, too, before stopping to say, We have a lot to catch up on, sis.
Adle! my mother called, and the two hugged.
Jean, my dad offered a strong handshake. 
How is your daughter? he asked. Henry, Liam, and Shelby now knew of their fathers past. They all had been upset, but I think Henry was ignoring the news for now. He was focused on December 27ths special importance.
Shes hanging in there.

***

THAT NIGHT, WE went out to dinner at a nice restaurant. It was decided that, minus Ellie, everyone would stay at a nearby hotel. We would have Christmas in my apartment, and Christmas dinner would be a challenge, and we would end up at a cheap buffet or go to a nice, cozy dinner.
We spent those days talking, getting to know each other better, and working with Ellie. She was opening up more and more to Liam. They would receive counseling for their relationship, but things could heal. If not, they would still make it as close friends. 
Christmas Day was interesting. We opened funny presents to each other on the floor of my apartment. I hummed Christmas tunes with Peppermint, Henry made us delicious hot chocolate, and we read the Christmas story from the New Testament. It was a pretty good Christmas, if I must say.
At one oclock, we dressed in reds and greens that were purchased by Adle at the nearby mall, and traveled to the cheap buffet. We were the only ones to show up, but it was nice, because even these French entrepreneurs could handle a chicken-filled Christmas dinner.


Chapter Twenty-Six


THE NEXT DAY, they flew back to North Carolina and Tennessee, respectively. Ellie would go back to Nashville with my parents, and Liam would move back to his own city apartment, too. Adle and Jean promised to keep in touch after they went back to Chaucer. Meanwhile, Henry didnt leave. And I didnt want him to.
What about our surprise?
I kissed him gently. Youre not going anywhere. We have somewhere to be tomorrow. But, because we have to be somewhere tomorrow, we can leave tonight. Your pick.
Lets go tonight.
In turn, we packed lots of food, CDs, and Peppermint into my brand new Shelby GT, which Henry had delivered for Christmas. So maybe not all of the presents we opened were funny, but my gift to Henry wouldnt be until tomorrow.
Where are we going? he constantly asked after we left Arizona and entered California territory. With his sunglasses on, he was so handsome. When was he not good-looking?
Peppermint barked, and Henry laughed. When we entered Nevada, he smiled. Were not going gambling, right? Im a doctor, not
Oh, give it a rest!
A few hours later, we stopped at a poor motel, and unpacked our things. Then, I handed him a sheet of paper. QUICK MARRIAGES  QUICKLY! PICK YOUR THEME. IN AND OUT IN AN HOUR.
A themed, quickie marriage? he asked, laughing. This is your surprise?
Well, I guess we dont
Dont you want our family hereand?
No. Just us. And Peppermint. Theyre not going to be in our marriage, are they?
He pulled me closer to him. Anything to marry you.
The next day, Henry and I pulled up to a hideous, cheap building on the edge of the desert. Peppermint entered with us, and we told the clerk we wanted a white wedding in the chapel.
You need two witnesses. The fee will be about two hundred flat.
Okay. No big deal.
So, we went outside, found a black man walking a poodle, and then a bouncy, bodacious woman with a red wig, and we walked inside. An hour later, I tossed on a dress and Henrys leather jacket, and Henry donned a suit. We were married by an old man in a priests gown. You can kiss the groom!
What? I asked, but Henry kissed me anyway. Peppermint sang in tune.
I tossed the fake-flowered bouquet, and the black man caught it. Mmm, yeah!
We walked out of the chapel with our marriage license, and I happily kissed my new husband. Where we going to, boy?
I was thinking Italy.
What? I asked, my eyes wide. I meantlikeuh?
Come on, he said, pulling me closer to him. Grooms pay for the honeymoon, and were going to Italy, baby!

***

AFTER WE RETURNED from Italy tanned and blue-eyed, we visited Chaucer one last time before heading back to Arizona, and then to Dallas. We visited his family, and I realized I was officially Candice Desrosiers. Wow.
They were mad at us for a few hours, until we promised them we would have a true, summer wedding at the Estate in June. My parents were a lot harder to convince. They swatted us both and sat us down at the dinner table to intimidate us like we were sophomores in high school. But finally they agreed they were happy we were married, and since Henry was from a respectable family
Stacey and Reesey were even harder to convince. They slapped me repeatedly after I packed up my things from my apartment, left my notice for the boss, and told them I was heading to Dallas. There are certain things Im willing to give up. You guysIll visit all the time.
It wont be the same, they cried.
Henry surprised me that night by telling me, Im moving there. I found a job at the new hospital north of Tucson.
Youre really doing this for me?
He smiled, his eyes bright. Of course, my beautiful wife.

***

THAT SUMMER, WITH my best friends, including Peter, in attendance, Henry and I had a classic wedding at the Estate. The family time was incredibly well-received. Ellie, engaged again to Liam, was my maid of honor, and Liam was the best man. Our wedding was small and personal. Henrys best friend was there, and he and Reesey exchanged sensual glances the entire time. 
Stacey, though, caught the bouquet. With my friends and family, I could conquer the world. The Desrosiers family had changed my life. And I knew things were just beginning to begin.

***

I TOLD YOU my story so you could better understand how and why I married a man in a months time. Also, I must mention, things will always be a little unusual. I went from a lonely girl who crooned to The Breakfast Club to a married girl who still croons to The Breakfast Club. 
I believe in the good of people. There is goodness in all, and though I know things with Henry wont be perfect, as they havent been, he makes my life closest to an 80s movie than Ive ever experienced. Chivalry isnt dead, not as long as roses still bloom in December. 


NOTE FROM THE AUTHOR

Hello, readers!

It has been yet another pleasure to write a novel for your thoughts and opinions! Candice easily became my favorite character to write, because through her quirks, her true heart still shines. I am very sad to part with her story, but it is not close to ending. With much happiness, I am glad to announce that Book Two of The Portrait of Friendship series continues the trios romantic endeavors.
Book Two, still untitled, will deal with Candices best friend, Stacey Monroe. Stacey will find herself in high tides that she may not be able to overcome without help from a certain leading man! Book Three, as you have probably guessed, will primarily focus on Reesey. I have not forgotten about the fiery, saucy Latina who will melt hearts with her beauty. 
Book Two will be out by summer, for sure.  I am hoping for a June release date, with Book Three following shortly. You wont forget Candice, as she will still be near and dear to her best friends who make a beautiful work-of-art as sisters.

Thank you again for reading!

-K


TOPICS FOR DISCUSSION

1. Candices love for food, television/movies, and her friends allows her to be freer than other women of her age. However, she still feels the need for romantic love. Why is it that she and Kurt could not continue their relationship? Did they really love each other?

2. Michel is obviously a beautiful woman, because many men pursue her. What draws Henry Desrosiers to Candice? Vice versa, what draws Candice Michelin to Henry?

3. Why do you think the relationship between the Michelin family and their eldest daughter is strained? Why does she not travel to Nashville, and why does Ellie mention that she hasnt seen her sister in a long time? Do you think this could cause troubles in their sister-sister relationship?

5. Shelbys past is a continual melodrama throughout the novel. Why do you think Kip Lantana, her husband, puts up with her? Do you think her mothering abilities will change after finding out about her fathers tumultuous past? Or will she stay the same?

6. When Candice sees Kurt Kapelmann, she still has feelings for him. Do you think that she wishes she would have married him? Or was it fate that decided she would marry Henry instead?

7. Do you think if Candice had not come to Chaucer, Adles sadness would not be spoken?

8. Henry had a troubling past as well. Do you think this is why he was so accepting of Candice? Are the two truly, deeply in love?

9. Do you think troubles will come between the two when Henry moves to Tucson as a doctor and writer? Or do you think Henry will give up his writing to be with his wife?

10. Candice mentions her love for Christian Desrosiers without meeting him. Do you think she will want to have as many children with her husband as possible? Do you think their story will be continued in Book Two?

 

KATIE GEORGE (aka Kate Strailman) is a freelance writer whose novels Whatley, Some Fiction, Frail Endings, and Path of Breath have been published. Roses in December is her fifth novel, dealing with a short, sweet romance much different than the darker tones of Whatley. She plans to write two sequels to Roses that deal with Candice Michelins best friends, Stacey and Reesey. Whenever she is not writing, she loves music (especially 80s-themed) and food. You can find Katies works through her Smashwords account or on iBooks, Barnes & Noble, and other various websites.

Thank you for reading Roses in December!
