AMERICAN GREASE
by Nathan Williams



Copyright 2014 by Nathan Williams
Smashwords Edition
All Rights Reserved.

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If youre reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Acknowledgments


First and foremost, thank you to my friends and family for all of your support during the writing of this.
Thanks also to you, the readers, for taking valuable time out of your busy life to read my book.
Cover design by Truenotdreams Design


Note from the Author


In the course of writing this novella, Ive striven to maintain historical accuracy regarding Chinese history and culture through exhaustive research. Any errors, of course, are my own.
If you enjoyed my book, please take a few moments after youve finished reading to offer a review at the ebook store where you purchased this book.  Reviews are critical for the success of any self-published author in building a reader base. Thank you!



1.
Beijing, China 
Wednesday, November 6, 5:14 p.m. China Standard Time

You nervous?
Joe Leonard peered through the passenger side window of the four-door sedan as its driver, Xavier Hirsch, worked the gearshift. The clock on the dashboard indicated the time at 5:14 in the evening. The late fall sun had already set in Beijing, leaving the sedan bathed in the ovular-shaped glow of a street light. 
Leonard felt the shifting of the cars momentum back, then forward, and back again as Hirsch maneuvered in a tiny parking space along Taiyanggong Street in the northeast quadrant of central Beijing.
I dont know, Leonard replied. A little, maybe.
It was an understated response. Leonard could feel a knot in his stomach that had been present since hed woken that morning. 
Hirsch had finally cleared enough space in front of the sedan to slide out into the traffic, but the string of oncoming vehicles in the northbound lane wouldnt permit any such movement. 
That damned bus! Hirsch growled. Hirsch had rolled the passenger side window down and his entire torso was twisted counterclockwise in order to view the oncoming traffic.
A massive passenger bus had roared by, a line of cars behind it.
Leonard observed the pedestrian traffic along the thoroughfare. The crowds consisted of men and women dressed in a mix of business and casual but, at this time of day, mostly business. Chaoyang District was, after all, Beijings diplomatic district and home to more than sixty percent of foreign business entities in Beijing, including hundreds of foreign-owned companies. The thermometer reading inside the sedan indicated the outside temperature at twenty-three degrees Fahrenheit, well below average for the time of year. Thus, many of the pedestrians were wearing dark-colored winter coats, gloves, and scarves over their formal slacks, button- downs, and dresses.
Leonard spread the fingers of his right hand and placed it palm down in front of the air vent next to the passenger side window. It felt warm on his skin, which prickled. He shivered. 
He caught Hirsch looking at him through his peripheral vision as he kept his arm extended toward the vent. 
Hirsch said, Cold out today.
Pulling his right hand back and cupping it with his left, Leonard rubbed them together. 
Its not so bad, Leonard said. Dont mind the cold.
Hirsch finally had a small opening in the traffic. He stepped on the accelerator and the sedan leapt into one of the lanes heading north and west. 
Thats right, youre originally from the northern U.S., right?
Yes, sir. Eastern Pennsylvania.
Given hed barely seen Hirsch during the four years hed been in Beijing, Leonard was shocked Hirsch had remembered such an arcane fact. 
Hirsch said, Where I come from, fifty degrees is freezing.
Leonard rubbed his hands some more.
Where are you from, sir?
Hirsch didnt answer immediately. Leonard glanced at Hirsch, whose attention was still fully on the road ahead, and rightfully so. Beijing traffic was unreal and, at this time day, progressing at a snails pace, sometimes not at all.
After hed maneuvered into another opening in the road, Hirsch finally answered his question, albeit with another question. 
Where do you think Im from?
Leonard glanced out the passenger side window again. Though in the darkness he could only make out their shapes, he knew by memory what lay in the distance: clusters of modern structures made of glass and steel. In daylight hours, the gray of the sky seemed to perpetually bleed into everythingfrom the streets, to the buildings, and to the white sky with its wispy white clouds. At this hour, however, the light grays were replaced by shades of dark gray and black pierced by the yellow glow of office lights and street lamps.
Dunno, Leonard said. If I had to guess
Hirsch glanced back at him, waiting for his response.
Someplace big and diverse. Someplace in the south. Atlanta, maybe.
Hirsch frowned. Atlanta, huh?
Was I close?
Not bad, Hirsch said. Try farther west.
Los Angeles
There you go.
Hirsch accelerated into another lane. Leonard saw that he was working his way back to the right-most lane.
Not such a fan of this cold weather then, I take it.
Oh, its not so bad once you get used to it, Hirsch said. China was a difficult adjustment for me, but much more so because of the general culture than the weather.
Leonard pondered why Hirsch was being so open with him. Hirsch had been the head of the CIAs Beijing office for the entire time Leonard had been stationed there, and hed never had so much as a passing conversation with the man. The only reason for Hirschs sudden openness toward Leonard was because of what hed accomplished the past few months. It was the reason they were in the car on their way into north Beijing, to a place neither of them wouldve had any earthly reason for visiting otherwise. 
Hirsch decelerated as traffic slowed nearly to a stop. He grabbed a manila folder that hed set on the seat between the two of them. 
So, whats this womans name? Liu?
Thats the one, Leonard said.
Its looking like this is going to be a long drive. Why dont you tell me the story from the beginning?
Youve read my reports?
Of course I have. But Id like to hear it in your own words.
Okay.
Leonard cleared his throat. It happened completely unexpectedly. I first met her back in May when she came into the office at Ricardos as a prospective client

***

2.
Beijing, China
Tuesday, May 14, 3:05 p.m. China Standard Time

Joseph Leonard stood placidly gazing at the view, which throbbed and screamed below him. The view was presently the hulking, spontaneous combustion that was Beijing, China.  Leonard stood, as he did every day about this time, atop the roof of one of the many high rises that threatened to consume the central business district and, for that matter, the remainder of the city.  Leonard grasped the cigarette with his hand and extended his arm, holding the incandescent light in front of him.  He held the glowing end of the cigarette steady in his line of vision against the background of the sky, fancying it as a replacement sun of sorts.  The real sun, muted as it usually was by a fog of dust, smoke, and construction residue, seemed utterly absent.  This small act, futile though it seemed, somehow made him feel warmer in a place that, even after nearly four years, seemed as foreign to him as the day hed arrived.
For the past few months hed hauled his five-foot-ten-inch, 170 pound frame to the top floor of the massive building at this same time every day for his afternoon break.  It had suddenly struck him one day, a few days prior, as to why.  The blighted horizon, he realized, was one of only a few remaining reminders of his Eastern Pennsylvania hometown.  In spite of himself, he couldnt keep from cherishing it. 
 Leonard squashed the cigarette under his black dress shoe, turned on his heel, and re-entered the high-rise through a trap door. He rode an elevator down fourteen floors and entered the professional offices of his current employer, Ricardos Logistics Consulting.  Leonard knew that, on the surface, Ricardos Logistics was a legitimate and established consulting firm specializing in imports and exports between China and Europe and between China and the United States.  Leonard also knew that it was operating as a cover company for the Central Intelligence Agency and that he was one of only a handful of employees within the company who was aware of this.  Apart from his immediate supervisor, Leonard did not know for sure which of the other employees were working for the CIA.  That kind of information was on a need-to-know basis and, to this point, he hadnt had a reason to know.  
Situated on Leonards floor were two long rows of small wooden desks. Leonards desk was at the very end of his row, the farthest from the front of the room. Each desk had a computer with a dual screen monitor and a storage cabinet.  Some of the desks had one or two chairs set out for clients, although his did not.  Leonards desk was cluttered with an assortment of items including reports, charts, and graphs of trade information and other trade reports, textbooks from his undergraduate schooling in international trade and Chinese language, and several boxes of imported American cigarettes.  Leonard had graduated from Carnegie Mellon with an undergraduate degree in Chinese from the Linguistics Department and a minor in economics.  He had studied abroad in Shanghai for two semesters while in school, but was never fluent.  However, his years in Beijing had forced him to become nearly fluent in Mandarin Chinese in the Beijing dialect. 
Once at this desk, Leonard re-booted his computer.  On one of his two screensthe left one, in particularappeared two horizontal bands of multi-colored particles of light on top of a gray background.  Leonard observed the particles as the two bands moved in opposite directions.  After a few moments, the specks of light in each band began to move and merge into each other, coalescing into the portrait of a man with some English words underneath.  The portrait was that of David Ricardo, the British economist from the late eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries, whom Leonard knew to be the originator of the concept of comparative advantage, a concept that had achieved acceptance as an important element of modern trade theory.  Set within the pupils of Ricardos eyes was a detailed image of an ancient English war ship.  Under the portrait were the words:

Ricardos Logistics Consulting
Brooklyn Ventures Group

Under the words were two fields for entering his user id and password.  Leonard entered the information and brought up three databases containing real-time trade data.  Ordinarily, even though this data was forwarded in real time by a combination of U.S. and Chinese firms, the holding of this kind of industry-specific data by foreign firms was discouraged by the Chinese Communist Party.  Fortunately, Ricardos Logistics Consulting had connections within the Chinese government.  In Chinese parlance, it had good guanxi.  In China, as Leonard had discovered, it was crucial as a business to have good guanxi. More crucial even, by an order of magnitude, than it was to have the right connections in the United States.  As a result of its good guanxi, the company had access to information that was the meat of Ricardos operationthe secret sauce, as Leonards supervisor liked to say.
Leonard had been compiling shipping data for twenty minutes when a reminder notice popped up on his screen.  The notice was for a scheduled meeting for a potential new client by the name of Jiang Liu, a marketing manager for a large furniture and antique dealer based in Beijing.  Leonard logged out of his computer, grabbed a pen, a notebook, and a small file from his desk top, and walked to one of Ricardos meeting rooms to wait for Jiang Liu.  Hed waited for less than five minutes before Xue Jianwan, Ricardos young receptionist, entered the room with a tall, thin Chinese woman trailing behind.
At first sight, Leonard thought the woman was attractive, but somehow hardened and distant.  Under a white blouse, she wore a conservative black business dress of a European design.  It was, Leonard noted, the sort of dress the fashion elite in Beijing would wear.  As Xue introduced her, the woman smiled stiffly and, as Leonard bowed slightly, the two of them shook hands western-style.  As was Chinese custom, the woman closed her hands and extended them forward with her business card held between the fingers and thumbs.  Leonard plucked the card from her hands.  It read:

JIANG LIU
MARKETING MANAGER
SUN INTERNATIONAL CUSTOM FURNITURE AND ANTIQUES

Leonard motioned to a chair at a small, round office table situated near his desk, and the woman slid gracefully into a seat to his right. They spoke briefly of a series of random topicsthe appointment of a new governor in Chaowai District, the exchange rate of the yuan against English pounds, and even the illegal trade of ivory in Beijingbefore Leonard enquired as to her reason for the appointment.
Im here on behalf of my company, Sun Furniture and Antiques, the woman explained in Mandarin Chinese.  We have managers working out of vacant offices in Paris as I speak.  Were seeking to expand our company into Europe and possibly the U.S. if things go well.
As they conversed, the woman seemed relaxed but stiff, as though she was loathe to express any emotion.  Leonard began to wonder if she was uncomfortable with the prospect of having to negotiate for Ricardos Consultings services.
Can you tell me a little about your company? Leonard enquired.  Leonard was vaguely familiar with Suns Furniture and Antiques, but he wanted to hear about the company in Jiangs own words.
The woman nodded.  Yes, of course.  Were a privately owned antique and furniture store in China.  We buy and sell antique furniture and other items and also design and build both prefabricated and custom-built furniture for our customers.  We employ a very large number of expert woodworkers, artisans, and craftsmen from all around northern and eastern China.  We employ the largest staff of antique specialists in China.  Weve spent many days recruiting the best craftsmen from Beijing, Shanghai, Zhengzhou, Nanjing, and many other cities so we can maintain a large production volume on our furniture, while maintaining the best product.
How many pieces of furniture do you sell in a given year? Leonard asked.
I will have to consult our accountants for this information, Mr. Leonard, but I can tell you that our revenues for the past three years have averaged roughly four hundred and fifty million U.S. dollars and our market capitalization has been about three hundred and fifty million.
Leonard was taken aback by the fact the numbers were given in dollars rather than yuan. It was very unusual for his Ricardos clients.  He felt it showed that they had prepared for their visit with him that they were willing to be flexible.
  If you check recent industry data, Mr. Leonard, you will find we are a small to mid-size company by Chinese standards.  But we are aggressively pursuing growth, particularly overseas.  Thats why Im here in your offices today.
Leonard nodded.  Thats what were here for, Ms. Liu.  We have a relationship with all of the major companies shipping out of Beijing, whether it be ships, air, or rail.  Do you know whatll be the extent of the services required from our company, Ms. Liu?  Will you be needing assistance throughout the full delivery cycle, including pick-up and packaging on the front end and delivery and storage on the back end?
Leonard regarded Jiang Liu as she formulated her answer.  The purpose of this initial discussion with Jiang Liu was to get a general idea of her companys needs and, if everything went well, to set a second meeting where they could begin to build a relationship.  Doing business in China, Leonard found, was different from doing business in the United States in some very important aspects.  Generally, it was more difficult. This was particularly true for foreign firms.  Their Chinese leads were always much more deliberate about choosing their partners.  There were a number of reasons for this, but the major one was that the Chinese needed to determine whether the decision would be perceived as giving them good mianzi, or face. The idea of face could be defined very roughly as: reputation, honor, self-respect, or prestige, as these terms relate to social standing, although it even extended beyond merely social status.  With a guanxi relationship, there were deep feelings of mutual trust as well as social obligation built between the parties over a long period of time.  To be successful in business in China, one had to utilize guanxi to build relationships.  This proved to be a very delicate process of asking for and offering favors of others with the idea of increasing mianzi.
Liu said, On the front end, we can provide for the delivery of all of our products to be shipped, but we would like assistance with the packaging, particularly for our antiques and custom-built furniture.  On the back end, we need assistance with everything, including delivery and storage.
Leonard nodded. He asked Jiang a few more questions, probing for details regarding Suns products, which she patiently answered in turn.  Leonard made a request for more detailed information on all of Sun Furnitures products in order to better help him prepare a logistics plan.  When he felt he had a handle on Sun Furniture & Antiques, he needed to successfully end the meeting.  One of the typical means of beginning a guanxi relationship with another person or firm, Leonard had learned, was to offer small gifts or to host a dinner.  One had to be very careful, however, not to over-gift as this could be perceived as a bribe, and reputable businesses were careful not to accept bribes.  If the gifts were perceived as attempted bribes, it could cause the receiving business to view the giver with very negative connotations, and the deal would most assuredly die an early death.
Ms. Liu, Im confident we can assist your company with all its needs.  May I ask why youve chosen to visit Ricardos Logistics?  There are, after all, other fine logistics firms in Beijing.
Liu allowed a thin smile to play across her face.  Our owner, Mr. Shi Sun, has many connections in Beijing.  He believes you have competitive advantage with the information you have.  He is aware that your company has some connections with the Beijing government, and he is comfortable working with your company.
Leonard returned the smile.  Then let me propose that we here at Ricardos host a small dinner so that we may get to know each other better.  If you can have that information forwarded to me, well do the research, and we should be able to offer a customized logistics plan for your company that will accomplish all your objectives at the best possible price.
Leonard shook Lius hand. Where would you like to meet us, Mr. Leonard?
How about Shin Yeh at seven oclock on Thursday evening?  Its here in Chaoyang District.
Agreed, Jiang Liu said curtly.  Leonard again bowed slightly, offered his business card in the same manner Liu had at the beginning of the meeting, shook her hand, and ushered her out of the Ricardos offices.  

***
3.
Beijing, China
Wednesday, November 6, 5:29 p.m. China Standard Time

Leonard was distracted by the sudden honking of a horn coming from somewhere behind the sedan. He twisted to his right so he could see out of the passenger-side window. At his rear, the driver of a small moving van was gesturing animatedly at a tiny two-door vehicle attempting to enter the lane ahead of him. The two-door vehicle had only been able to get partway in and was effectively blocking two lanes of traffic. A flurry of horns blazed as the little two-door sat immobilized.
Hirsch was looking at the incident through the rear view mirror. That little guys going to get himself killed, Hirsch said, referring to the driver of the two-door. 
At least were moving now, Leonard said. The sedan was moving, though very slowly. Hirsch inched the car into the far right lane as they approached Taiyanggong Middle Road.
What were your first impressions of Jiang? Hirsch asked.
First impressions? Jiang was 
Leonard trailed off, unsure how to begin without thinking it through.
Yes?
I have to think a bit, Leonard said. Jiang is a complex person. Initially, she was very quiet, but professional. Very polished in her appearance. I might even use the term icy. Of course, shes very attractivetall, high cheekbones, all of that.
And then theres this Shi Sun and his lieutenant, He-ping Quan. How did you first meet them?
I met them at that first dinner

***
Beijing, China
Thursday, May 16, 7:02 p.m. China Standard Time

On Thursday, Leonard arrived at Shin Yeh with his supervisor at Ricardos Logistics, Wallace Jones, a tall thin man with a ring of graying dark hair running from ear to ear around the back of a balding head. Jones, a senior manager, had worked at Ricardo Logistics for over ten years and was as comfortable as anyone in the company at navigating Chinese custom.  Hed been a valuable mentor to Leonard ever since Leonard had arrived in Beijing.
Leonard and Jones were both dressed professionally in black business suits.  Theyd made reservations and were promptly led to a separate meeting room by a young hostess.  Shin Yeh, a contemporary, upscale restaurant that served Taiwanese and Chinese cuisine, had decorated the meeting room and table elegantly in anticipation of their arrival.  Plates and chopsticks for a party of five had been set.
At five minutes to seven, Jiang Liu and her associates from Sun International Furniture and Antiques arrived.  Jiang, clearly the youngest of the group, was accompanied by a slender, middle-aged man and an older, heavyset man with gray hair.  The eldest, clearly in charge of the contingent, introduced himself as Shi Sun, the sixty-seven-year-old founder and owner of the company.  Sun was a large man, overweight yet still light on his feet, and carried himself with the confidence of a man who had built a mini-empire.  He had salt and pepper hair and wore a red handkerchief in the left breast pocket of his black business suit.
Sun introduced the middle-aged man as He-ping Quan. A full two inches taller than Sun, Quan was rail thin and stern.  Sun described him as his first lieutenant. Whereas Sun wore a standard black necktie, Quan was wearing a pleated white dress shirt under his dress coat and a piece of neckwear Leonard had never seen on a Chinese man before.  It was identical to a bolo worn in the southwestern United States: a thin braided black string with both ends dangling where the tie wouldve been.  The string was looped around Quans neck and held together with a red and silver ornamental clasp. The clasp had a red and yellow design in the shape of a lightning bolt, which Leonard couldnt recognize. Despite Quans thin frame, Leonard winced at Quans crushing handshake.
For her part, Jiang Liu was dressed in a formal black skirt, dress coat, and black heels. She smiled when she was introduced, a smile that melted away almost as soon as it appeared.
Wallace Jones, acting as the host of the party, because the meal was being paid on Ricardos dime. As was Chinese custom, he took a seat nearest the door to the meeting room where the server entered and exited.  Leonard sat immediately to Joness left.  Shi Sun took a seat opposite Jones, and gestured for Quan to take the seat to his left. Jiang, who took the seat to the right of Sun, was seated next to Leonard. At each seat was placed a banquet style setting including a plate, soup bowl, tea cup, a set of chopsticks, and a hot, wet towel for hand washing during and after the meal.  Everyone remained standing until Shi Sun took his seat.
I want to thank you all for attending this evening, Wallace Jones said in Mandarin, once people had settled into their seats. Jones opened the dinner by addressing Shi Sun. Mr. Sun, Mr. Leonard and I would like to open ourselves up to yourself and your company.  If you should have any questions for us about Ricardos Logistics at all, please feel free to ask.  Our purpose here this evening is to answer any questions you may have about our company that will assist you in making your decision.
Sun nodded his large head in the affirmative.
Thank you for hosting this dinner, Mr. Jones.  Suns smile was broad with large teeth flashing.  This meeting reminds me very much of a meeting I had many, many years ago when I was young and had just started the company.  In March of 1976 I had been in business for two very hard years. Difficult as they were, I had grown the business. But I was still working out of an old shed located in a small village in Beijing called Laosanyu, a suburb in Daxing District in southern Beijing, where I grew up.  It is a very poor village and, to this day, the majority of these people are migrants from outside of Beijing.
Sun briefly cut himself off as the server entered, placed a kettle of soup on the table, and began filling their soup bowls.  Once the server finished, Sun resumed.
I was intent on purchasing a new warehouse elsewhere in Beijing and also some new manufacturing equipment. I had cash reserves at the time, but it was a very difficult decision.  It was at a meeting in a restaurant very similar to this one where I negotiated the loan to purchase the warehouse building in Chaoyang, which is where our corporate offices are currently located.  I had been born in 1953, a year of the snake and, as 1977 was also a year of the snake, I felt this was a sign of good fortune for me, and I decided to take a chance.  As you can see, it has worked out well.
Sun smiled another broad smile.
Now we are in another year of the snake.  I feel it may be time to take another chance.  I know Mr. Quan feels the same way.
He-ping Quan nodded stiffly.  As Ive told Mr. Sun many times, Im just an old soldier.  I dont claim to match his business acumen.  I trust what he wants to do.
I recruited Quan several years ago from out of the P.L.A., Sun said.  He had ascended the ranks for over twenty years within the ground force infantry divisions when I nabbed him.  I was able to convince him to leave, but it took a great deal of effort.  Mr. Quan has been invaluable to my company ever since.
Leonard glanced at Wallace Jones.  Leonard knew Jones was an ex-Army captain and enjoyed military shoptalk.
Im impressed, Jones said in Mandarin.  Im an old soldier myself.  May I ask where you served and in what capacity? Jones asked, speaking directly to Quan.
Quan nodded slightly.  I served in the infantry starting out in 1973.  I gained much of my experience in the 1970s during our border conflict with the Soviet Union and then, of course, in 1979 when I fought in our battle with Vietnam.  Later in my career I transferred within the P.L.A. and much of my work was within Chinese borders, assisting with the local police forces.
I served in Vietnam as well, Jones said.  I was there mostly in 1969.  Vietnam was an interesting place during the 1970s...
Jones waited for Quans response.  But Quan didnt seem interested in re-hashing old military experiences.  In fact, he seemed uncertain how to reply and simply smiled pensively. Everyone at the table realized, of course, that the U.S. and Chinas interests, even now, fell on opposite sides of more than one ideological line.  Sun, Leonard thought, had placed a tight muzzle on Quan on this occasion.  However, everyone present was also aware that some ideological lines had softened a bit since the collapse of the Soviet Union and since China had opened itself up to what, for all intents and purposes, could be described as capitalism. It was how Ricardos was in Beijing and the major reason why the meeting was even able to take place. 
Quan finally said, I agree, it was a very interesting place.
Of course, time can change everything, Jones said.  It seemed neither Sun nor Quan were willing to breach any topics of conversation even remotely related to politics.  This was clearly a business meeting. 
Leonard interjected quickly in an effort to move the conversation in a safer direction.  May I ask what role Mr. Quan plays within your organization, Mr. Sun?
Quan is my Director of Security and personal guard, Sun said.  Hes performed this same function for me for almost twenty years now and is one of my most trusted employees. He has also become a very astute businessman and I seek his counsel routinely.
How many people does your company now employ? Jones asked.
Leonard listened out of one ear for a while as Jones peppered Sun with questions about his companys history and their methods for doing business. Meanwhile, the waitress was whisking in and out of the room, filling their plates. He began to notice that Jiang Liu, sitting to his left, had gone without saying a single word up to this point.  Leonard turned briefly toward her to acknowledge her presence. 
Jiang was very thin, but taller than normal for a Chinese female and her face was exquisite.  Her posture at the table was impeccable, even regal.  Her long hair flowed straight down and was cut evenly in front so that it ended just above her eyes.  After a few moments, Jiang suddenly noticed Leonards gaze and turned quickly to acknowledge him. Leonard nodded curtly.  Jiang quickly turned away from him, intent on listening to Sun speak. Leonard found himself unable to resist a glance toward Jiang every so often.  Hed already studied Shi Suns business in detail, and Shi wasnt saying much he didnt already know.
In short, Sun was saying, we believe there is room for a lot of growth within China and were still working toward that.  However, we believe interest in Chinese products is at an all-time high overseas and will be for many years to come.  And I dont mean Chinese manufactured items but, rather, items crafted with Chinese designs and that reflect Chinese culture. We intend on positioning ourselves in these foreign markets to take advantage of this.
Mr. Sun, we believe our company is well-positioned to help guide your company through this critical step in your development, Wallace said. Ill let Mr. Leonard share some reasons for this. Hell also take a few minutes to outline a broad-based plan for Sun Furniture and Antiques.
Leonard rose from his seat and passed out a set of three-ring binders hed prepared for the occasion. He then turned on a projector and pulled down a white screen hanging on a wall in the meeting room. His presentation took nearly an hour and was followed by another round of questions and answers. When he was finished, Sun pulled Quan into the corner of the room where the two of them engaged in a spontaneous conference.
Leonard and Jones observed the two as they spoke. They kept their voices so low, Leonard and Jones could not hear what they were saying. After nearly two minutes, Sun and Quan returned to the table.  Mr. Sun announced that they liked what they had heard from Leonards presentation and offered to take Jones and Leonard on a tour of their facilities at a date in the near future.
And so it begins, Leonard thought, referring to the often lengthy process of garnering new clients in the Chinese business environment. The tour of Suns facilities would likely be followed by another dinner, this one hosted by Sun and his associates. Sun and Jones set the date for the tour on Thursday of the following week.
If you need to reach me, you can call me at the number on my card, Sun said. If for some reason you cannot reach me, please call Ms. Liu. She will forward your message to me.
Leonard glanced again at Jiang Liu, who smiled and bowed slightly. He stood next to Jones, observing Sun, Quan, and Liu as they exited the meeting.
What do you think? Leonard asked.
Seemed to go well, Jones said. Weve passed the first big test. On to round two.

***

3.
Beijing, China
Wednesday, November 6, 5:36 p.m. China Standard Time

Hirsch had somehow managed to maneuver the sedan through the hulking traffic and make a right turn onto Taiyanggong Middle Road. The traffic was as chaotic as before the turn-off, as the throng of vehicles jostled for position for entry onto 4th Ring Road.
Leonard studied Hirsch as the older mans concentration was focused on weaving around a jalopy sitting motionless in the middle of the road. A short man in rags had knelt in the middle of the traffic and was attempting to change one of the rear tires, a problematic proposition at best, and downright dangerous at worst.
Leonard estimated Hirsch to be in his late forties or early fifties. His hair was a mix of dark brown and gray, he had a bald spot on the top of his head. He wore dark tan slacks, an indigo blue V-neck sweater over a V-neck T-shirt, dark brown socks, and Gore-Tex all-terrain shoes. This attire was complemented with a black down-filled winter coat and a pair of dark brown-tinted glasses.
These people are insane, Leonard said. Ive driven in New York, but it wasnt anything compared to this.
Hirsch nodded. Even in L.A. theres at least a basic respect for the traffic laws. Here, people treat them as though they exist only vaguely or in general terms.
Hirsch finally pulled the sedan around the broken down jalopy and inched onward.
What do you think of Beijing, apart from the traffic? Hirsch asked.
I dont know. In many ways, I still dont feel like I know it well.
Hirsch frowned. How so?
Its just such a massive city. My experience encompasses only a small microcosm of the city as a whole. I think I could live here for the remainder of my life and still not know Beijing.
Does that bother you?
Leonard smirked. Bother me? Thats a curious way of looking at it.
Hirsch didnt respond, so Leonard continued.
I grew up in a small town in eastern Pennsylvania. When I left there, I knew every nook and cranny of that town. But I like being here. It keeps me engaged.
Hirsch nodded. Youre naturally curious. So you like that theres always more to know.
Leonard shrugged. I guess so.
Hirsh inched the sedan forward as they sat in silence for a few moments.
Youve obviously gotten to know Jiang well. How did your relationship progress from that first meeting?
It took a long while before I really started to get to know her, Leonard said. We had a series of meetings with Sun, Jiang, and a few of Suns reps. Jones and I went and visited the company headquarters building. Just tryin to build a business relationship with them. But, eventually, I started meeting with Jiang by herself since Sun decided to designate Jiang as the primary rep for us at Ricardos.
When was that first meeting?
Leonard had to think back. Somewhere in mid-June or so.
Tell me what happened.
I met her at the companys main manufacturing facility in Tongzhou District in southeast Beijing. Theres a lot of manufacturing in that district.
Leonard thought back to that hot, humid day earlier that summer.
***

Beijing, China
Thursday, June 16, 5:45 a.m. China Standard Time

Joe Leonard rose from his sleep at a quarter to six local time. He lived in a one-bedroom apartment in Haidian District in central Beijing that was tucked away in an apartment considered locally as an upper-middle-income neighborhood. The building itself wasnt spectacular by western standards, but Leonard had bargained his way into some good deals on nice items that he had used to furnish his apartment.
His apartment was a studio apartment with the bedroom portion set apart from the living room and kitchen by a silk room divider. The frame of the divider, which folded into four sections, was constructed of polished black wood and draped with silk cloth. Woven into the cloth was an intricate design of a tiger lying under a bamboo tree. In the bedroom portion of the studio, Leonard slept on a queen-sized bed with a black frame and headboard.  Opposite the bed, hed placed a black hutch with a two-by-four-foot mirror hanging above the drawers.
In the living room portion of the apartment was a shiny black office center with a desk and a set of shelves. Two extra-large computer monitors doubled as a work station and an entertainment center. In one corner, Leonard had a black iron frame on wheels where he hung his business clothing, while in the other was an iron globe, approximately three feet in diameter. The globe had a light in the center that radiated out between contours cut in the shape of the continents and major countries. The result was the casting of geographically-shaped shadows, each labeled in thin, spidery Chinese characters.
Leonard cleaned up and pulled on a pair of freshly pressed dress slacks and a simple white button-down shirt in preparation for his first meeting with Jiang Lee.  He pressed the power button on his computer and, while he waited for it to boot up, used the mirror in the hutch to fix his tie. The face staring back at him was slender with jet black hair, and a trace of red mixed in.  He kept the hair tousled on top and shined it with a pinch of gel.  He had Chinese eyes, thanks to his mother.  The eyes reflected an even-tempered demeanor, although Leonard could be surly and impatient at times.  He had his fathers Irish temper.
With the tie in place, Leonard pulled his desk chair out and sat down at his computer. Technicians from the CIA had installed embedded encryption when hed first arrived in Beijing, encryption that had supposedly been designed by the National Security Agency.
The multi-colored specks of light appeared on his monitor, just as they did on Leonards computer at Ricardos, and coalesced into David Ricardos portrait.  The CIA techs had installed an F25 key on his computer as part of the process to initiate the CIA server.  Leonard pressed the F12 key twice, followed by the F1 key.  This prompted an entirely new sub-routine to power up.  After a few seconds, a flood of zeros and ones began appearing on the screen, moving horizontally in both directions.  A few seconds later, the zeros and ones disappeared and, in their place, a red line ten characters long appeared on the upper left corner of the screen on a black background.  He typed in his ten-digit security number and pressed the enter button.
A digital version of the CIA seal appeared on his screen, and Leonard knew hed accessed a portion of the CIAs intranet. Leonard checked his in-box, which showed only two emails. Both of the emails were from Jeff Abrams, his direct supervisor in the CIA. They both were routine follow-up emails requesting status reports for two of his agents. Hed have to finish the reports later that evening. Just now, he needed to be on his way to southeast Beijing to meet Jiang Liu.
Leonard logged out of his CIA account and shut down his computer. He unbuttoned the cuffs on his button-down shirt and rolled up his sleeves; it was relatively hot and humid outside in the early morning hour. Leonard kept two bicycles in his apartment, one with a motor and one without. The electric one was his primary means of transport, while the other he rode for exercise into the hills and mountains west and north of Beijing when the air quality was good enough. He retrieved his electric cycle, which he kept propped against his living room wall, and rolled it out the door.
According to the speedometer on his cycle, it was approximately fourteen kilometers from Leonard's apartment in Haidian to the Ricardos building in Chaoyang District, which was in east Beijing. This was equivalent to approximately eight and three-quarters miles. He deftly maneuvered the cycle along a series of overcrowded sidewalks and cycle lanes pulsing with activity. The air, notorious in Beijing for its poor quality, was relatively clear on this day, which made for easier breathing.
Just south of the Mingguang Bridge, Leonard took a slight detour into a small park where pedestrians, skateboarders, and fellow cyclists shared a network of asphalt and dirt walkways. He pulled up next to a string of tables where groups of people had clustered to play Mahjong, an ancient Chinese game played with tiles. Leonard slowed the cycle to a stop and stood, using his left foot to prop up himself, searching the park. After a few moments, he spotted a teenage boy at one of the tables, a boy he called Xio, translated as short. Though a teen, the boy was as short and thin as the average ten or eleven year old. Engaged in a game, it took a couple of minutes for the boy to notice him. Once he did so, the boy politely asked his competitor for permission to leave the game. Leonard waited patiently for him as he approached.
No communication passed between the two of them except a nearly imperceptible greeting, which came in the form of the boy tipping his hat. The boy, dressed as he always was in a white T-shirt, black denim slacks, white jacket with dark blue trim, and a matching Detroit Tigers hat, had been an informant of Leonards for the better part of two years. He wore white sneakers that were literally falling apart at the seams. Some time ago, when Leonard had asked the boy why he liked Detroit, hed shrugged and stated simply that the tiger was his favorite animal.
Leonard dug the equivalent of thirty-two yuan out of his pocket, roughly the equivalent of five American dollars, and handed the money to the boy. The boy looked around suspiciously in a three-hundred-sixty-degree arc, plucked the money quickly from Leonards hand, and walked briskly, wordlessly back to his game. As he motored back toward the main bike trail, Leonard carefully watched the boy as he melted into the small crowd milling about the game tables.
Leonard made it into Chaoyang about twenty-five minutes after hed left his apartment. Once in the vicinity of the Ricardo building, it took about twenty more minutes before he finally approached the Sun manufacturing facility in Tongzhou, located in the southeastern quadrant of Beijing. He parked the bicycle in a rack located on an adjacent lot, and walked to the front of the Sun International property.
The sprawling compound was massive in area, covering the whole of eight large city blocks, and surrounded on all sides by a black iron gate. At the front of the compound was a massive stone sculpture, which was clearly intended to be a replica of Shi Sun himself. The figure was that of rotund man in a business suit sitting on the back of a muscular dragon lying at rest. A portion of the iron gate swung silently open. The gate door had a design embedded within it matching the sculpture, also a depiction of a rotund man in a suit. Opposite the sculpture was a small outpost manned by a guard. Leonard noted that the guard was an actual officer of the Peoples Armed Police, a testament to the connections Shi Sun had within the C.C.P. and Beijing government. The guard was dressed crisply in the typical olive green PAC uniform: green pants, shirt, jacket, tie, and formal cap with its bill shining in the sunlight.
The guard, whod been briefed and was anticipating Leonards arrival, buzzed him in. Leonard barked a crisp greeting and the guard led him wordlessly along a stone pathway through an immaculate garden with a series of small fountains. He was led past a small structure to his left, which was constructed of logs and built in the style of traditional Chinese architecture, as were all of the structures in the compound. The buildings were single-story and constructed of brick. They had elaborately-carved wooden corbels at the corners and the distinctive sweeping curved roofs that are ubiquitous throughout China. Intricate designs had been painted along the bases of the roofs.
They continued along the main pathway through the compound, which ran along an east-west axis, until they came to one of the larger buildings where the craftsmen did their work. When the guard led him into the interior of the building, Leonard had a sense for the first time how big Suns operation was. He could see stations of craftsmen lined up six across and extending as far back as he could see, working diligently on their masterpieces under natural lighting.
The building was rectangular-shaped, with the long edge situated along the east-west axis. The guard led Leonard into an office located at the front of the building and positioned along the north-facing half. 
This is Ms. Lius office, the guard said. Shes expecting you.
Leonard found Liu sitting ramrod straight behind a small iron desk. She stood as Leonard entered, meeting him halfway, and greeted him with a simple nod of her head. 
Leonard nodded back. Ms. Liu
Please have a seat, Mr. Leonard.
Leonard studied Liu as he slipped onto a wooden chair on the opposite side of the desk from Jiang. She was dressed fashionably as ever in a gray skirt, white blouse, light blue dress coat, matching blue heels and a light blue scarf wrapped loosely around her neck.
I want to thank you, on Mr. Suns behalf, for coming today. We appreciate the support youre giving us in our new ambitions.
Jiangs demeanor was, as it had always been, sincere to the point of being serious. When she showed pleasure, it rarely came in anything other than a very slight wrinkling in the corners of her eyes and curling of the lips. Her short hair was pulled tightly back into a bun; her blouse was buttoned all the way up to her neckline. 
Leonard bowed slightly. Its my pleasure, Ms. Liu. We want to be certain you get off to the best start possible. As you know, Im here to help get everything started and moving as smoothly as possible.
Though the statement was unnecessary, as all of this had already been outlined in the formal agreement between the two companies, Leonard felt it was important to reinforce his support.
Jiang had pulled a stack of manila folders from a cabinet and set them on top of her desk.
Before we get started today, Jiang said, would you mind if I ask a couple of questions to get to know you a little better? Weve met a few times during the negotiations, but I feel I havent gotten to know you personally very well.
Because of Jiangs prior formality, the request surprised Leonard. It seemed likely that Sun had put her up to it. Leonard frowned. He disliked having to use his cover story, especially if it necessitated recollection in great detail. Of course. You can ask me some questions, if you like.
Jiang nodded. Thank you, Mr. Leonard. You may ask me some questions also in return. Within the U.S., where are you from?
Im from West Virginia.
Jiang frowned. Its a Her face furrowed into a state of concentration. State? Her attempted pronunciation of state in English came off completely wrongit sounded like staybut Leonard found the attempt charming.
Leonard smiled. Yes, West Virginia is a state, and states are roughly equal to Chinas provinces.
Jiang nodded, affirming her understanding. She pulled a map from her desk and took a few moments to find an unmarked page while Leonard took the opportunity to study the little office, which was military clean. It had a cabinet, three shelves full of books, a large whiteboard stuffed with Mandarin letters and numbers in multicolored ink, and another chair stashed in a corner. A second, smaller desk with a stack of manila folders resting on top was situated along the wall.
Jiang had found her page. She rested the map upon her desk in front of Leonard, pointing to West Virginia. Here?
Leonard nodded. Yes, thats it.
Which city?
 A small town called Morgantown. Its here, Leonard pointed to the northeast portion of the state, south of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. 
Did you go to college?
Yes.
Where at?
Dartmouth University.
Jiangs face morphed into an expression of surprise. Dartmouth. This is good, no?
Leonard shrugged. Okay, I think.
What did you study?
Languages. Chinese.
Did you study here in China?
Yes, for a few months.
Where at?
Shanghai.
Did you like Shanghai? Its big?
Leonard laughed gently at this. Yes, pretty big.
How big isMorgantown? She again struggled with the pronunciation.
About thirty thousand or so.
Oh? Her face crinkled into an expression of surprise, even shock. Thats all?
Yes, I know. By Chinese standards, its quite small.
What did you do in Shanghai? Jiang asked.
I studied mostly, Leonard said, at Shanghai University. It was an exchange program.
Jiang was confused about what an exchange program was, so Leonard took some time to explain. Jiang rattled off a few more questions related to his study in Shanghai, which Leonard dutifully answered. Leonard found himself surprised by the degree of attention Jiang had for Leonards responses. She listened with rapt attention as he answered each question in turn.
Okay, my turn to ask the questions, Leonard said. 
Jiang nodded. Of course. Thank you for answering mine. Youre very personable.
Are you from Beijing?
Leonard had noticed that her Mandarin was spoken with an accent unfamiliar to him, which implied that she may be from someplace outside of the city
No. Im originally from Shanxi Province.
Shanxi is just west of Beijing?
Yes, exactly. Here, Ill get a map.
Apparently, the map shed already pulled from her desk wouldnt do
Leonard waited for Jiang as she rose from her desk and pulled a set of maps from the closet. She slid a large map of China in front of him and pointed to a spot west and south of Beijing.
Its here, Jiang said. This is home. Its very dry and has many mountains. Jiang was looking rapidly back and forth between the two maps. I see Shanxi is bigger than West Virginia. West Virginia is only 63,000 kilometers square, whereas Shanxi is 156,000.
Leonard smiled politely. China is a very impressive country, Ms. Liu. How long have you lived in Beijing?
Ive been here for about fourteen years, since I was ten years old.
Did you attend college?
Oh, yes. I attended Tsinghua University here in Beijing for two years.
Tsinghua, Leonard knew, was one of the best universities in China.
Two years?
Yes, just two years. I had to drop out as I couldnt afford to finish my coursework.
Im sorry to hear that, Leonard said. Maybe you can go back someday.
She smiled faintly. Maybe someday.
What did you study?
I was liberal arts at first, but then switched to business.
How long have you worked for Mr. Sun?
Oh, let me think. Her eyes shifted in their sockets toward the ceiling as she thought through her answer. Its been nine years or so now.
Have you always worked as a marketing manager?
No, Mr. Leonard. Not always. I started as a clerk.
Do you like working here?
She shrugged and looked away briefly before meeting his gaze. Yes, I do, Mr. Leonard. Im fortunate to be here.
Her voice seemed monotone, lacking sincerity. A forced answer, Leonard thought.
This is an impressive place, Ms. Liu. Mr. Sun, Mr. Quan, and yourself must be very proud of what youve built here.
She smiled thinly. Thank you, Mr. Leonard. Im just a very small part. I must defer all credit to Mr. Sun. He is a very ambitious man.
Leonard returned the smile. That was the impression I got the past few days, Ms. Liu. Liu said nothing, so Leonard continued. Its a very good time in China to be an ambitious entrepreneur, dont you think?
On this point, I very much agree, Mr. Leonard. China has been very good to us.
May I ask how many artisans Mr. Sun employs on a given day? There must be at least two hundred in this building alone.
To be honest, Im not sure, Liu said. Weve been adding a lot lately in anticipation of the expansion into Europe.
Leonard asked a few more questions before politely steering the conversation on to business matters. Jiang revealed that her parents had owned a small retail store of meager success, and that theyd lived in a lower middle-class neighborhood in north Beijing. He also found out that Jiang lived in an apartment in the south central part of the city. He stopped asking questions after that. It wasnt good form in a first meeting and, more important, he had a meeting with an agent he was running elsewhere in Beijing later that afternoon, and he was hoping to leave the Sun premises a little bit early. 

***

4.
Beijing, China
Wednesday, November 6, 5:42 p.m. China Standard Time

Of course, I found out later that much of what shed told me that first day about her story wasnt entirely true, Leonard said.
Hirsch frowned and jerked his focus back toward the road ahead.  He was forced to redirect his attention as he continued fighting through a particularly chaotic line of traffic on Taiyanggong Middle Road before easing into the turn lane and onto an access road that ran parallel to 4th Ring Road. 4th Ring Road was one of the six ring roads that circled Beijing in a set of concentric three-hundred-sixty-degree arcs.
Leonard was anticipating Hirsch to follow with an enquiry as to what Jiangs real story was, but he kept silent as he fought the sedan forward toward the intersection. 
Oh! Thats right Hirsch said suddenly.
Leonard waited for him to continue, but Hirsch stayed silent for a few more seconds. 
Reading, PA, Hirsch said, after maneuvering between a cargo van and a taxicab. Thats where youre from. I just remembered it in your file.
Yes, sir.
Beijings your first assignment?
Thats right.
Hows everything going?
For Leonard, the moment felt almost surreal. Hirsch was a senior member within CIA management. He flashed back to his arrival in Beijing when Jeff Abrams, his immediate supervisor, had introduced him to Hirsch who had a reputation that seemed, while not yet legendary status, as good as any within the CIA. His most well-known contribution had come from his partnering with the Israeli Mossad to free a prominent German-Jewish family whod been abducted by a group of Muslim radicals in Berlin. They believed the family was in the process of being transported through southeast Europe to Turkey and possibly into Syria or Iran. 
How do you mean?
Just a general question, Hirsch said. You have everything you need to do your job?
Sure. Everythings fine.
Hirsch fell silent again for a few moments as he maneuvered around a broken down van that had stalled and was resting partially in their lane, smoke billowing from its engine. So, from the reports, it seems your relationship with Ms. Liu went from formal to more personal? Is that a fair characterization?
Its fair, yes, until I realized what I potentially had in terms of intel.
How did this happen? Was there one event in particular, or did it happen over a period of time?
To be honest, a little of both.
Tell me, please.
It happened almost on accident. There was one day when Jiang needed to talk to me because there was a sudden shortage of some of the packing material we use for the antiques and some of the more delicate constructions. So she requested that we meet at this little deli that she frequents in Tongzhou, a few blocks from the Sun facility.
Leonard thought back to that hot day in late July.

***

Beijing, China
Friday, July 26, 11:32 a.m. China Standard Time

Joe Leonard sat at his desk in the Ricardos Logistics building in Chaoyang where hed been engaged in a running conversation throughout the morning with two different clients: one of them via phone, the other with instant messaging. His attention was drawn suddenly toward Xue Jianwan, who was ushering in an older gentleman. Leonard observed Jianwan, who was dressed in a colorful silk Chinese robe with a floral design of pink flowers and leaves of multiple shades of green. She was leading the potential client toward one of Leonards female analyst colleagues. His attention was again diverted, away from Jianwan this time, when his computer pinged softly.
Another message from his client, with the surname Chung, had popped up in his IM window.
Chung: My manager is asking for follow-up on the Welker ship scheduled to arrive next Tuesday. The vessel number is WIS-637221955. The ship has got hinges and adhesive for use on the assembly line.

Leonard clicked on an icon on the Ricardo intranet that linked to Welkers shipping schedules on Welkers proprietary site. The schedules gave him the precise location of the ship on its route into Beijing. He then reconciled this information against the most up-to-date logs on file at the Port of Tianjin. After comparing the data on the logs, he typed in his reply.

Leonard: Vessel is en route from Los Angeles. Currently 296 nautical miles west of Manila. On schedule for arrival in Beijing late tomorrow. Port logs correlate.


Leonard clicked on more Tianjin logs and had begun analyzing them when he received a text message on his smart phone. It was from Jiang Liu at Suns Furniture and Antiques. He glanced at the text, which was a request for a callback. He called Liu immediately. Lius voice sounded formal over the phone, as it always did. 
We have a shortage of the foam strips we use to ship the antiques, she said. I was hoping you could meet me here in Tongzhou to help coordinate an emergency trip to Hsus Supply. I thought we could eat lunch at Mings Deli.
Leonard checked his appointment calendar to be sure he was clear for the remainder of the day. The call was a bit of a surprise as, up to this point, Liu had never requested assistance outside of the Sun premises. He agreed to meet her in an hour. 
Half an hour later Leonard put on his coat, threw on his backpack, took the elevator down to floor level, and left the Ricardo building. He unlocked his electric cycle, which he kept in a bike rack in a courtyard adjacent to the building, and scooted into the bustling cycle lane. 
It took him twenty-five minutes to get to the deli. He scanned the caf for Liu, but she hadnt yet arrived. He ordered sushi rolls and chose a table at the rear. Hed already received his sushi and returned five emails on his phone when Jiang finally arrived twenty minutes later.
Sorry Im late, Liu said in Mandarin. Her voice was soft, but slightly monotone. Her complexion was spotless, while her facial expression was neutral. Neutral was where it usually stayed. 
Its okay, Leonard said. Sorry about the shortage. I know the managers at Hsus Supply well. Im sure we can get it worked out.
Liu said, We already have orders to fill for Paris, so we want to get this shipment off as soon as possible.
How are Mr. Sun and Mr. Quan? Leonard asked, between bites of his Sushi. I havent seen them for a few weeks.
Lius expression hardened noticeably at the mention of her bosses. Theyre busy as usual, Mr. Leonard.
You can call me Joe if you want.
Liu met Leonards gaze. Its busy as usual, Joe.
Are they content with our services?
I think so, yes. You have nothing to be concerned over.
Thats good to hear. Anything else, apart from the foam issue, that I can assist you with?
Nothing at this time. Liu bit into a sandwich.
Leonard debated with himself whether to enquire about her relationship with Shi Sun. He decided to chip away at it indirectly. So, Ms. Liu, do you work long hours for Sun? 
Liu started into a bean soup. She shrugged. Why do you ask?
Ive heard Sun can be a demanding boss.
I work very long hours, Joe. But Im very happy working for Mr. Sun.
The light of your life, I bet, Leonard thought.
Is Sun sending you to Paris sometime?
Liu shrugged and shook her head. I dont think so, Joe. Im not that fortunate.
Are you interested in seeing Paris?
Lius expression hardened again. No. Not so much.
Leonard studied Liu as she ate. She was tall. When she sat, Leonard noticed that her head was slightly higher than his. She had delicate facial features. Her hair was short now, extending down to the back of her neck. She slid her spoon between a set of thin lips, colored with burgundy lipstick.
Still in Mandarin, Leonard asked, May I ask a personal question?
She finished swallowing a bite of her soup and met his gaze again.
It depends on the question.
You already told me that youre originally from Shanxi. Im curious where within Shanxi you grew up?
Liu shrugged. Not anywhere special.
Im sorry if Im being intrusive, Ms. Liu. Im just curious, thats all.
She shrugged and finished off the remains of her soup. Ill tell you where Im from if you tell me where youre from, Liu said. Is this a deal?
Leonard nodded.
You go first, Liu said, her face expressionless.
Well, I think I already told you Im from a small town called Morgantown in northern West Virginia, Leonard said.
Yes, you did tell me this, Liu said. But I want to know where youre from. This means more than just the place. It means, rather, what its like.
Leonard smiled and cleared his throat. I understand. Well, its a small town as I told you. So, theres very little traffic. She didnt say anything so he continued. Its not like Beijing at all, Leonard said. Its the opposite of Beijing, in fact.
The lines in the corners of her eyes wrinkled as she slipped into an expression of bewilderment. How is it opposite?
I dont think I really know Beijing, Leonard said. And Beijing doesnt know me. Im like a speck of dirt.
Liu said nothing, but continued to gaze at him. Leonard found that, when she looked at him wordlessly in this way, it made him feel somehow inadequate. He felt, inexplicably, as though he couldnt find the right words to express things; that he somehow wasnt holding up his end of the conversation.
Whereas, where Im from, Leonard continued, I know everything about it. Everything. Like I know the palm of my own hand.
And it knows you well?
Yes.
Liu reached across the table and grasped his left hand in her own. She turned it, palm up, on the table. And what would it say, Joe, if I read it?
If you read what? My palm? Youre a palm reader now?
She nodded in the affirmative. Like the one I see on Yaojiayuan Road when I come to work.
Leonard smiled.
Jiang pressed further. What would it say about your home?
It would say Im from a small town. It has a history of being a working-class town, but there is a university there as well. Leonard wanted to use the phrase blue collar, but he didnt know of an equivalent phrase in Mandarin. Liu wasnt familiar with the concept of working class either, so he took a minute to explain. In the past, Morgantown was built around coal mining. Its work thats more like physical labor, rather than work that is based on knowledge or expertise.
Coal mining? It sounds much like Shanxi, Liu said. There are many mountains there?
Yes, many mountains. What about you?
She released his hand and dabbed around her mouth with a napkin.
I grew up in Shanxi Province, as I also told you previously. Do you know it?
Yes, Ive heard of it. Its a mountainous region to the west and south of Beijing, if I remember correctly.
Thats correct, Joe. It lies in the Taihang Mountain Range. We lived there in the capital city, Taiyuan, until I was ten years old.
Who do you mean by we?
Liu didnt understand the Mandarin expression he used, so he tried again using a different phrase. I mean, who lived with you?
Ah, yes. My family, of course.
You have brothers or sisters? Leonard asked.
I have a sister.
Very good, Leonard said. Is she older or younger?
My sister is older. Two years older.
Liu had taken a large bite of her sandwich, which she was close to finishing. He let her chew it down.
How about you? Liu asked. Do you have any siblings?
I have an older brother.
How much older?
Three years older, Leonard said.
Your family lives in a house?
Yes. A small house. Nothing fancy.
What does your brother do for work?
My brother works in one of the coal mines.
Liu took the last bite of her sandwich, chasing it with a sip of water. Im sorry for this, she said.
Why would you be sorry?
Working in the coal mines is very difficult work.
It is hard work, Leonard said. But its what he wants to do. Liu remained silent, so Leonard continued. One more question for you, Jiang. If thats okay.
Go ahead, Joe.
Why did you move to Beijing?
Because my family moved, of course.
Leonard sensed that Liu was hedging against answering the question. Yes, but why did your family move?
We moved because my father died.
Shit, Leonard thought. Just like that, Ive overstepped my bounds. Ms. Liu, Im very sorry.
Its okay. How could you have known?
Leonard debated whether to ask the natural follow-up question. She didnt seem upset in the least about broaching the topic of her fathers death, which, because of the way shed been so formal in her relationship with him previously, surprised him. He found that the neutrality in her facial expression made her impossible to read, but he decided to take a chance nonetheless.
Im very sorry, Ms. Liu, for your loss. May I ask how he died?
Liu took a large drink of her water before answering. My father was killed in a coal mine.
***
5.
Beijing, China
Wednesday, November 6, 5:53 p.m. China Standard Time

Hirsch and Leonard winced as the sedan rolled over a pothole in the road, their bodies jostling in the thinly padded seats.
From that point on, Leonard said, when I told her that my brother and father both work the coal mines, her attitude was different toward me. It took a while, but her formality toward me began to wear away. Even before wed left the deli that day, she let me start calling her by her first name. 
Lucky break, Hirsch said. Interesting how your cover story worked to help gain her trust like that. Well have to take that into consideration for future reference when we develop them.
It was fortunate, Leonard admitted. Half of everything is luck, right?
Hirsch had just made it past Wangiing Bridge and managed to make a left turn onto an access road that ran parallel to the 4th Ring Road in a northwesterly direction. It was taking them back up toward north central Beijing. 
So how did things progress with Ms. Liu at this point? How often were you meeting?
At this point, once a week. We met mostly on Wednesdays.
When was your next break?
Break? 
Maybe that wasnt the best word to use, Hirsch said. When was the next critical point in your relationship with Liu? 
Leonard thought back for a few moments. The sedan hit another pothole, jostling them in their seats. Hirsch cursed the roads. We started meeting more outside of Suns compound. One day, I think it was in the first week of August or so, she sent me an email requesting to meet at the old Legation Quarters.
Thats over adjacent to Tiananmen Square, Hirsch said.
Exactly. Just a block east of there.
***

Beijing, China
Thursday, August 8, 4:15 p.m. China Standard Time

Joe Leonard motored southbound along Guangchang East Side Road in the Dongcheng District in Beijing, which ran along the eastern border of Tiananmen Square. He wore a white collared button-down, black dress slacks, black socks and dress shoes, and a white medical mask over his nose and mouth. The latter was his defense against the Beijing smog, which had infiltrated the whole of Beijing like a thick blanket. He had the sleeves of his button down rolled up as the July air was hot and dry.
He turned left onto Qianmen Street and traveled east for a few meters before making another left onto a side road. He stopped at a bicycle rack positioned along the side of the street, where he locked up his cycle before continuing north on foot for another couple of blocks. He walked until he was in the old Foreign Legation Quarters, a small area in central Beijing that had housed a number of foreign embassies from the 1860s to the 1950s. The Quarters consisted of a series of structures of various styles, their architecture determined by the country whose embassy resided within it. The old French building had been constructed of gray stone with French windows and intricate designs on the walls, while the British section was a series of multiple-storied Victorian-like villas of red brick with white trim. Also present were such buildings as the exquisite St. Michaels Church and the Russo-Asiatic Bank.
Leonard hiked to an elegant quadrangle of two-story buildings, which had been the American legation until 1949 when the C.C.P. formally took power. He located the restaurant Liu had mentioned in her email, but found that shed not yet arrived. He went ahead and requested a table on his own. 
 At twelve minutes past the meeting time, Leonard began to worry she may not show at all. But just before the fifteen minute mark, Leonards seating position allowed him to see Liu as she entered into the restaurants lobby. She seemed harried as she wiped a lock of hair away from her eyes. She spoke quickly with the host, and she spotted him as the host guided her toward his table.
Im sorry Im late, she said, as she slid onto the chair opposite him.
Her face shone with a thin layer of sweat.
Did you run all the way here?
She smiled crookedly. Part of the way. Hmmm, most of the way from the cab. I had an unexpected meeting that ran late, she explained. Im very sorry.
I know Sun keeps you very busy. He gave Liu time to gather herself and figure out what she wanted to eat. Once shed decided he said, Im curious as to why you chose this place to meet?
Two reasons. First, we thought the legation would be an appropriate place to celebrate a relationship with a foreign business partner. This is a situation, after all, where we have two firms from two different countries partnering together for our mutual interest. 
Makes perfect sense.
The second is for selfish reasons. My sister works near here. Im going to meet with her after Im finished with you.
Your sister? Whats her name?
Her name is Min.
What does she do for work, Jiang?
She works for the Ministry of State Security.
The waitress arrived, interrupting their conversation. Leonard resumed after theyd ordered. Sounds interesting. What does she do for the Ministry?
Shes a translator.
Translator? What does she translate? What language?
Englishto Chinese, of course.
Leonard was speechless. A potential asset had virtually parked itself in front of him.
Are you okay, Joe? You seem a little surprised.
A little surprised, yes. What kind of information does she translate?
I dont know much, Joe. Min is forbidden to speak about her work.
Of course. But Im just curious. Is it information coming from the U.S.?
I think it comes from all over.
All over?
I mean, all over the English-speaking world.
Britain? The U.S.?
I think so, yes. But I honestly dont know what information. As I said, shes forbidden to speak of it.
Liu remained silent. Leonard couldnt resist one more question. May I ask how she came to be a translator for the C.C.P.?
I think thats okay for me to tell you, Jiang said. 
Leonard encouraged her. Please go on.
Its not a complicated story.
Not complicated? At least not by Chinese standards, you mean.
Liu flashed a brief smile. Everything is complicated in China, Joe. I understand that.
Leonard remained silent.
Anyway, Min went to school in America. Thats where she learned to speak English.
Where did she go to college?
She attended a small college in the state of California. I dont remember the name.
Okay, when was she at college?
Liu had to take a moment to remember. Her pupils again rotated upward to the top of her eye sockets as she reflexively looked skyward. She left when I was seventeen, or maybe eighteen. That was six years ago.
Was she there for four years?
She graduated in three years to keep expenses down.
She earned a degree?
Two of them.
What were the degrees in?
She earned degrees in English and politics.
So she arrived back in China three years ago. And what did she do upon her return?
Liu sighed deeply. Well, she was back in the Peoples Army for a year before going to work for the Ministry.
I see. So shed been enlisted in the army for some time before she left for the U.S.?
Thats correct, Joe. Min enlisted in the army after secondary school. She was in the army for two years and applied for testing in the intelligence path. This is one of the few good jobs available to women in our military. She did very well. The Peoples Army paid for part of her schooling.
Did Min like the military?
Liu smiled crookedly. It was one of the few times shed even smiled since hed known her. Not much. But she couldnt have gotten where she is today without joining the army.
I understand.
May I ask what she thought of the U.S.?
 Lius pupils went skyward again as she searched for the best answer. Min was very overwhelmed much of the time.
Overwhelmed by the language barrier?
Yes, the language and cultural barrier.
Were you able to communicate with her frequently? Via internet?
Yes. Were very close. She emailed every day.
What does she think of the U.S. now?
I think Min is very conflicted about the U.S.
How so? How is she conflicted?
Liu thought for a few moments and smiled faintly. You ask difficult questions, Joe.
Leonard thought about a sarcastic response, but remained silent. It was important to get an accurate response.
You have to understand that Min is a very intelligent woman. She has a complex understanding of both the U.S. and China, so her opinions are also very complex.
Leonard waited.
But she very much likes the U.S. The people were very kind to her.
Did her opinions of the U.S. change after she was there from before she left?
Jiangs eyes opened wide. Yes, I think so. Very much so.
How so?
Before her stay in the U.S., our opinion was based solely on Chinese media. The Chinese media, of course, is controlled by the C.C.P. So, we believed that the U.S. people were very evil and our gravest enemy.
You believed this because thats what the C.C.P. wanted you to believe.
I believe thats true, yes. That is still what the Party wants the Chinese people to think.
And what changed after she went to California?
She learned many things. For example, she learned about such concepts as representative government, checks and balances, and capitalism. She says that the U.S. people are very nice, but she seems to have some reservations about the U.S. government.
What kind of reservations?
Min likes that the U.S. government supports the Chinese people, especially those who have no power and suffer much injustice at the hands of the Party. At least, they support them on the surface. But she does not like that the U.S. government is unwilling to use its influence to help those same people. They are afraid to destroy the trade alliances and economic partnerships with China. Min says that the U.S. is not able to confront China on humanitarian issues for political reasons among themselves. I confess that I dont really understand this.
So Min thinks the U.S. doesnt do enough to stand up to C.C.P. treatment of the common Chinese citizen?
Yes, I think thats a fair statement.
And what do you think yourself? Leonard asked.
I agree with her on this.
What does Min think about democracy and capitalism?
She likes capitalism. Democracynot so much.
Why does she not like democracy?
Min favors the one party rule, so long as its heart is in the right place. Democracy is too messy and inefficient.
Yet she favors capitalism over communism?
Yes, thats true. Its been proven now that capitalism is much better.
Their food had arrived and they ate in silence for a while.
Youre very close with Min, arent you?
Yes, were very close, Joe.
So, Jiang, Im an American and youve been very kind to me. Do you still feel negatively about Americans?
Not like I used to, no.
May I ask how you perceived Americans before Min went to the U.S.?
She thought about his question for a while as they continued to eat. Its generational to an extent. Older Chinese, like my mother, generally perceive Americans as being very wealthy, powerful, and imperialistic. The Chinese people have been afraid that the U.S. may one day invade our country. There is a lot of mistrust. That is how I felt before Min went to college. Thats what we had both learned from our mother. She thought some more. Im sorry to say, Joe, that we were happy when the Twin Towers was destroyed, because we thought that the U.S. deserved that. Because of Mins experiences, we dont think this way anymore. But many Chinese people still believe that. And, I think, many Chinese think Americans are materialistic and they dont treat their older people well.
But younger generations think differently? Leonard asked.
Younger generations as a whole think more favorably of the U.S. We think Americans are cool. Hip. Politically and socially progressive. Were maybe a little bit envious of the educational system. May I ask, Joe, what Americans think of Chinese?
Americans as a whole are still very ignorant of China, though they are becoming less so. Those that pay attention are very impressed with how big China is. They are amazed at how much progress has been made economically in such a short time with the rise of the middle class and all of the building and technological advancement.
Thats why Ricardos came to China, right Joe? Because theres so much potential in China.
Of course, yes. Thats true enough. I would also say that Americans are still very concerned about the human rights abuses such as the C.C.P.s treatment of ethnic and religious minorities and the use of work camps as punishment for alleged crimes against the Party. There is still much concern about the amount of censorship in the media.
I understand, Liu said. This all matches with what Min experienced when she was in California. The government is going to end the work camps though, I believe.
I heard that. I think thats a good thing.
As do I, Jiang said.
They ate in silence again for a while until Liu spoke. May I ask, Joe, what your perception is of me?
Leonard smiled. Why do you ask?
Im just curious.
I think youre a riddle wrapped inside an enigma, Leonard said.
Liu grinned tightly. I think of you the same way, Joe. Theres much more to you, I feel, than just a worker at Ricardos Logistics.
This statement caught Leonard off-guard. Perhaps Jiang Liu was more perceptive than he realized.
***

6.
Beijing, China
Wednesday, November 6, 5:51 p.m. China Standard Time

Obviously, the critical realization was the existence of Min and the fact that she was working for the Ministry, Leonard said, as Hirsch swerved the sedan around a slow-moving cab. They were still on the access road running parallel with 4th Ring Road, but rapidly approaching the entrance ramp onto 4th Ring. 
Jiang went from being a client to a potential access agent. Ive had Min squarely in my sights since then. But I also came away from that conversation with a much different opinion of Jiang, 
How so? Hirsch asked.
Somewhere prior to that conversation, Jiang decided to reveal her true self to me. Or, at least, a small piece of herself. It was different from the perception Id had of her in her professional role at Sun Furniture and Antiques. She was always smart and articulate, but she showed a complexity and spontaneity that I hadnt seen in her up to that point.
Was she pursuing you?
Pursuing me?
Yes, as in pursuing a romantic relationship with you.
As it turns out, I think she was. I didnt realize it at the time.
Hirsch steered the sedan onto the entrance ramp. Im curious what Jiangs mothers attitude is regarding the U.S. You said their opinions changed after Mins experience in college. Was that true of their mother?
No, not so much. Jiang told me that her mothers opinion hasnt change much at all. She was the exception. Still very mistrustful of the U.S. and placing her support fully with the C.C.P.
I guess that doesnt surprise me too much, Hirsch said. How much of this information have you been able to substantiate?
Which information?
Like Jiangs assertion that Min attended college in the states, that Min entered the Peoples Army after she graduated from secondary school, and that she herself attended Tsinghua University for two years.
I was getting to that, Leonard said. But, yes Ive been able to confirm everything that Jiang said about Min is correct. However, I also found out that much of what she told me about herself was false.
Hirsch frowned. Go on.
So, I had an analyst at Langley track Mins college records down. She graduated from University of California at Davis, summa cum laude, with degrees in English and politics, just as Jiang said. She attended from August of 2009 through May, 2012. One of our other agents based in Shanghai has a relative currently in an infantry division within the Peoples Army. That contact was able to confirm that Min had enlisted in the army in 2007, serving first as an administrative assistant and, later, in intelligence.
But Jiang never attended university?
Ill get to that. Let me tell you what you happened next.
Go on.
***

Beijing, China
Tuesday, August 13, 11:26 a.m. China Standard Time

Joe Leonard fired off three emails to clients, locked down his computer, grabbed his backpack, and headed down the aisle between the two sets of desks toward the offices double glass doors. After passing through into the outer hall, Leonard waived at Xue Jianwan who was behind the receptionist counter talking on the phone. Behind Xue, hanging on a partition, was a large replica of Ricardos company logo: an ancient English sailing vessel, sails aloft, cutting through churning oceanic waters in the night with a full moon hanging behind. Suspended above and to the left of the logo was the portrait of British economist David Ricardo.
Leonard had passed by the receptionist area and was about to enter into one of the elevators when he heard a voice calling for him.
Joe!
Xue had left her desk and was jogging toward him. 
Joe, I just took a call from a guy named He-ping Quan from Sun Furniture and Antiques. He wanted me to tell you Ms. Liu cant meet at the usual place today, but to ask if you can meet at her office in the Sun facility instead.
Thats a little unusual, Leonard said. But I can meet her there if she wants.
Xue beamed. Excellent. Ill let him know youre on your way. She turned on her heel and walked briskly back to her desk.
Leonard took the elevator down to the lobby of the high rise, passed through the front foyer, and walked out to his cycle in the courtyard adjacent to the Ricardo building. About twenty minutes later he was met at the entrance to the Sun compound by another crisply dressed police guard who led him again down the pathway to the gigantic pavilion-like building that contained Lius office. 
Unexpectedly, the guard let him continue on his own after hed entered the building. The door to Lius office had been left partially open. He pushed the door gently open and stepped into her office. He-ping Quan was standing over Liu as she sat, ramrod straight, at her desk. She was looking up at Quan as he spoke to her softly, but urgently. Quan glanced up and, seeing Leonards entry, abruptly ceased speaking.
I didnt mean to interrupt, Leonard said.
Quan leaned in and spoke something softly into Lius ear.
Mr. Leonard, please come in, Quan said in crisp Mandarin. Jiang has been expecting you.
Quan moved to exit the room. Leonard saw him in his peripheral vision as Quan maneuvered behind him toward the door, but Leonard was focused on Liu. She was dressed much more formally than shed been in the previous few meetings with him, though that was probably more to do with the fact that those meetings had all been outside of the Sun International campus. He assumed Sun kept a formal dress code whenever his employees were on premises.
Hello, Jiang, Leonard said.
Hello, Joe. Im sorry for the sudden change in plans. Please have a seat.
Something about Lius appearance and demeanor was off-kilter. Her skin shone in the light of the office, but something seemed different. She was moremade up. Leonard focused on her face and realized that she had bruising on her left eye: a black eye that had been carefully blended over with makeup. 
Weve run into a problem in Paris, Jiang said. Wed like you to address this situation.
Jiangs voice seemed an octave lower than normal and softer. Monotone, Leonard thought. Also, her shoulders were hunched a bit and she was keeping her arms tucked in. Leonard was certain she had her hands clasped tightly together in front of her, but he couldnt tell for sure because they were away from his line of sight behind her desk.
What sort of problem?
Jiang, whod avoided eye contact to this point, finally looked upon him directly. One of the customs brokers for the shipping company were using for our antiques China Standardhas not been showing up for work.
Jiang shifted her gaze from Leonard to some random point on her desk. Youre scared out of your mind, arent you Jiang?
Jiang continued. So, at present, nobody there is qualified to complete the necessary paperwork to get our antiques through Paris customs. Weve tried contacting a rep at China Standard, but with no luck. Is there anything you can do to help us?
Im not sure. I think we can help, Leonard said. Ill need to contact my boss, Mr. Jones.
Thank you, Joe.
Certainly, Jiang. Ill contact him immediately.
Leonard pulled his cell phone from his pocket.
Im not going to be able to meet with you any further today, Joe. I have to meet with Mr. Sun now. You can stay and use my office if you need to.
Abruptly, Jiang rose from her chair behind her desk and moved toward the door. Leonard stepped toward her as she passed him by.
Jiang, are you okay?
She stopped for a moment. Im fine, Joe. Everythings fine. Please help us with this problem in Paris. The sooner the better.
With those words, she hurried past him. He heard the door click after shed left. 
Leonard used his smart phone to contact Jones, who was tending to higher-level business elsewhere in Beijing. Jones instructed Leonard to get back to the Ricardo building where hed pick him up. Theyd visit the offices of China Standard together. 
He had some time to kill, so he spent a few minutes answering emails from Ricardos clients. He needed to check communications with his agents as well, but he never did that on his smart phone for security reasons. Once hed finished with the emails, he decided to search around Lius office.
The office was, in its current state, more cluttered than on that day hed first ventured in. Back in May, Liu had seemingly made a special effort to tidy up in anticipation of his visit. He poked about for a couple minutes, finding mostly items typical of a business office: piles of memos and charts, office equipment, and a stack of maps from China and a number of other Asian and European countries. He did run across a series of rather involved graphs charting advertising and other marketing data. There was, for example, a series of graphs charting revenues as a function of advertising dollars spent with a number of ad companies. With Lius appearance and state of mind, it crossed his mind that he might find a note left behind by Liu, but he found no such plea for help.
Leonard slipped out of Lius office and back through Suns arboretum to his electric cycle at the front of the complex, being sure to check-out with the guard. He unlocked his cycle, put his backpack on, and slipped into the steady stream of traffic on the bike trail. As he navigated a series of loops and small entrance ramps onto other parts of the trail, he began to notice two bikers dressed in casual clothing taking the same entrances and exits within the trail system. They were both relatively young and carrying packs slung across their backs as was Leonard. 
By the time he arrived at the Ricardo building, Leonard was certain that the two men were not random cyclists, but surveillance operatives. He felt reasonably certain, both due to the nature of Sun and the way he ran his business and to his surveillance instincts, that theyd been dispatched by Sun. The more interesting question was: Why? Had the Beijing government somehow become suspicious of his true intentions in Beijing? Had those suspicions been filtered down for Sun to investigate? Was the Beijing government now using Sun International as a front to investigate him? Or, was Sun concerned about his off-site meetings with Liu for some completely unrelated reason? And why was Liu in the condition she was in? 
Hed have to have a serious conversation with his CIA bosses. 

***
7.
Beijing, China
Wednesday, November 6, 5:59 p.m. China Standard Time

Jones and I had surveillance on us on the way to the Chinese Standard building that day, as well, Leonard said.
That was first time you were aware of such surveillance? Hirsch asked.
Yes, sir.
Do you remember the date?
Not quite mid-August. I think it was maybe the twelfth or thirteenth.
Did you just resume meeting with Liu at off-site locations at his point? Hirsch asked. 
Yes. Everything resumed as normal, though I started to pay greater attention to her state of mind.
Hirsch stepped on the gas, shooting the sedan forward. It surged ahead of a lumbering semi before Hirsch eased it back into the lane. Still on 4th Ring Road, they were now approaching the bridge over Anli Road, which ran on a north-south axis in north central Beijing. 
And you began to suspect that Jiangs relationship with Sun and Quan was something more than just a co-worker.
It was clear from what I saw in her office that day that there was an element of abuse underlying Suns relationship with Jiang. But that could mean a lot of different things. I set one of my guys to work doing surveillance on her.
As they approached Anhui Bridge, Leonard peered out through the passenger side window out to the city north of 4th Ring Road. They were in an area just east of the Olympic Park where a cluster of high quality hotels had been built. The Beijing Theatre and Yan-Huang Art Museum lay just to the north of the bridge, and the Yingdong Natatorium a few blocks farther west and just south of 4th Ring Road. 
Whos this surveillance guy?
His formal name is Deng, but I call him Xio. Hes very professional.
Tell me about Xio, Hirsch said.
Xio is a peasant here in Beijing. Hes something of a jack-of-all-trades at the Black Dragon. Its one of the larger gaming parlors within the hutongs.
Ive heard of it, Hirsch said. Its not one of the larger parlors, it is the largest parlor. A lot of the Beijing big-wigs go there to play mahjong and card games, among other things.
Which is exactly why Ive recruited him. Xio runs chips for payments for the parlors high-value clients. He also ports cigars and towels for the customers in the smoke rooms and saunas. Hes developed relationships with some of Beijings higher ranked officials. Youd be amazed what they tell him.
How did you end up recruiting him?
Id heard of the place through the local community, so I went out of curiosity. It doesnt take long to figure the racket going on there. Xio ran some of my chips for me. He introduced himself to me. He told me he scouts westerners whenever he can because they often tip him.
What happened with young Xio as it relates to Jiang?
Leonard held his breath as Hirsch accelerated around a bus. He eased back in to a vacant space in traffic just in time to avoid a collision with a vehicle coming from the opposite direction.
I loaned him a pair of our recon glasses for a couple of days and set him to work. On the third day, I met him at one of our rendezvous points and he handed the glasses back along with the hard drive.
Hirsch said, You had Abramss permission to loan the optics?
Yes, of course. It was with obvious reluctance that he returned the equipment, but he had everything back to me in good order.
And what did you find from his work?
The photos turned out real well. He IDd Jiang easily enough. Hed set up a mahjong table right next to the Sun compound. So he just sat there soliciting games from pedestrians while keeping an eye on the exit. I showed him how to use the zoom feature in the lenses. So he was able to spot Jiang in the backseat of one of Suns vehicles. He has this little motorized tri-cycle that sits low to the ground with a cargo basket in back that he borrowed from his parents. With Beijing traffic the way it is, he told me that he had no problem keeping up with Jiangs driver.
Hirsch was leaning slightly forward with his torso rotated toward Leonard, listening intently. 
Go on, Hirsch said.
So he followed Jiangs vehicle to a gated community in south central Beijing, in one of those newly built areas in Fengtai. He said, because of his thin frame, he was able to slide through the bars of the front gate. Once inside the compound, he found Jiangs vehicle parked in the drive of one of the residences. So he camped out in a cluster of bushes nearby.
 Hirsch stayed silent, so Leonard continued. He sat there for the remainder of the night taking photos of the people entering and leaving.
Do you have the photos with you? Hirsch asked.
Yes, I do. Theyre in my backpack. Do you want to see them? Leonard reached down to the pack, which hed placed on the floor between his legs.
No, thats okay Joe. Just tell me.
Its really just a series of young women entering and leaving the house. On two occasions, the woman was accompanied by an older man. On one other occasion, the man was by himself.
Have you IDd the men?
Two of them. Both are relatively prominent officials in Beijing. The first ones a mid-level Party leader, while the second is a mid-level manager for the city of Beijing.
Do you suspect that these women are prostitutes? Hirsch asked.
Possibly. Leonard said. I believe a few of them are Suns mistresses.
Is Jiang one of them?
At the time, I hadnt yet suspected that. 
Hirsch reached to the dashboard and adjusted the air conditioning to a slightly cooler setting.
Tell me what you know about Sun and Quan.
 Most of what I know about Sun I know from Jiang. He started the antique and crafts business in 1974 when he was twenty-four years old, so hes been an entrepreneur for most of his adult life. He was born in 1953. His father was a highly ranked soldier in the Peoples Liberation Army and so Sun and his siblings were able to take full advantage of his connections in the years after the C.C.P. was founded. He has a brother who is the judge of the Intermediate Court in Fengtai District here in Beijing and another who is the C.C.P. Township Secretary here in Beijing in the Chaowai area. So hes very well connected.
Did he ever serve in the Chinese military?
No, not that Im aware of. He was in the reserves during his mandatory years out of secondary school, but was never called to active duty.
Which looks like is not the case for Quan. Tell me about him.
Quan is a different story. Unfortunately, our asset here in Beijing, whos our informally designated military expert, has been unable to locate any information on Quan beyond his first four years of service. He served two years in the P.L.A. ground forces out of secondary school, then another two as an officer in one of the armored divisions. After that, his formal records disappear. Quans records after the first four years are classified. Our asset speculates that Quan began service as a commando in the Chinese Special Forces at that time. 
Quan told me himself in one of our first meetings that he saw action in the Sino-Vietnamese war in 1979, which wasnt a particularly successful engagement for the Chinese. They lost a lot of men in that conflict. Based on what Sun and Quan have told me, Quan went to work in private business for a few years after he left the P.L.A., but I dont know for sure where.
So he was hard-core military.
Yes, sir. I believe so. He wears this odd little clasp on his bolo tie with a strange design like a lightning bolt. I think its some sort of insignia for a military unit he was involved in at some point in his past, but I havent been able to figure it out. I put one of our analysts on it and still nothing. It doesnt seem to match any of the insignias known publicly.
Any idea how long hes been with Suns company?
Jiang told me that hes been with Sun since 2003.
What does he do for Sun?
In our meeting, Sun said he acts as both a security officer as well as a business advisor. But I believe the reality is that hes mostly involved in the security aspect of the business, possibly even as Suns personal body guard.
Hirsch extended his hand forward, placing it by the air vent as Leonard had done a few minutes prior. Cold out tonight, he said.
Not hardly, Leonard said.
Hirsch shot a look to Leonard and it seemed he was going to offer a retort, but he stopped short.
Go on with your story about you and Jiang. What happened next?
Id say the next point in our relationship was in September during the Mid-Autumn Festival. Shed finally trusted me enough to tell me more about her family situation. Leonard glanced at Hirsch who remained silent, so he continued. Wed met at a caf near Taoranting Park that night, which was unusual for us. Jiang had to tend to some business dealing with one of their local suppliers. 

***

Beijing, China
September 19, 5:36 p.m. Chinese Standard Time

A cool early fall breeze swept through the gently sloping hills of Taoranting Park in south central Beijing. It rustled the leaves on the birch, cypress, and oak trees, and pressed against the pines, seemingly locked in an anticipatory bracing against the coming winter chill. At twenty-four minutes to six, the sun had sunk well into the gray early autumn sky and had begun casting long shadows across the cobbled pathway. Jiang Liu, walking alongside Leonard, was having to continually brush a stray lock of her short, dark hair away from her eyes.
The shadows were broken in places where numerous brightly glowing Chinese lanterns had been hung on brass stands in twenty-foot intervals along both sides of the walkway. 
These lanterns are something, eh? Leonard said. Ive never been here during the time of the festival.
Jiang nodded. The lanterns light all of Beijing during the festival. On the island in the center of the lake there are many large and intricate light sculptures. If we keep walking, we should arrive there and I can show you.
Sounds good, Leonard said. What are they statues of?
Dragons and other mythical creatures from Chinese folklore.
They walked a few moments in silence before Jiang spoke again.
Joe, do you have any big celebrations like this in the U.S.?
Sure. Theres the Fourth of July. New Years.
Do they have big light sculptures in the U.S., like here in China?
No, not so much, Leonard said. Its not like China. We have big floats for parades for Thanksgiving and New Years.
As they walked along the path, Leonard saw they were approaching a small bridge. At the foot of the bridge was a short man playing a dizi, a Chinese flute made of bamboo. The soft sounds of the flute grew louder as they approached.
Do you celebrate the Mid-Autumn Festival with your sister and mother? Leonard asked.
Jiang brushed the hair back from her eyes. Yes, we try to do something each year. We celebrate it mostly for my mother.
As they walked, Leonards vision was drawn toward a cluster of bright pink chrysanthemums along the waterline of the central lake. A tiny burst of pink-tinted white light burst in Leonards mind, and he was involuntarily and unceremoniously transported to an alternate place and time. 
He was lying on his back and, though there was a heavy softness pressing against him, the air around him was cold. Turning his torso to his right, he glanced at an alarm clock. Its green neon digits displayed a time of 6:48 a.m. A slim ray of pale light shone through a small window near the ceiling of the room, creating a shadow gradient: inky black near the floor, progressing into a midnight blue as his gaze progressed vertically toward the ceiling. Three dark purple shapes rested solemnly along the perimeter of the floor. 
Somewhere above, the muted warbling of voices bore through the walls. Despite their muting and distance, the voices were, in his mind, shrill. They penetrated his skull, reverberated through his brain, and roiled his blood like a mighty quake roils a sea into a churning froth. Lying under the blankets, he ground his teeth and clenched his fingers into his sweaty palms. The male voicehis fathersberated; the female voice lashed back. On it went. He rolled over, grabbing his music player from his bedside table and slid the headphones over his ears.
A distant voice said, Do you ever celebrate the Chinese holidays?
Leonard snapped back to Taoranting Park. Though it was cold outside and he wore no gloves, he found that his palms were sweating.
Jiang said, Eh, Joe?
 Leonard glanced at Jiang. Oh, sorry.
Jiang frowned.
No, not too much, Leonard said.
Why not?
They walked in silence for a few moments before Leonard answered. I dont know. I just dont feel as much of an emotional connection to them as you would. To be honest, I dont fully understand how many of the holidays originated.
 Well, the fall festival was originally a celebration of the fall harvest, Jiang said. But there has always been a fertility aspect as well. For example, there is one ancient fable which states that the sun and moon are a couple and the stars are their children, and when the moon is pregnant it becomes round, but then becomes a crescent when it gives birth to children.
Why do people eat moon cakes during the festival? Leonard asked. Ive never understood that.
Its because the festival has always been associated with moon worship, Jiang explained. 
I dont understand why, Leonard admitted.
There is a story involving Change, the Moon Goddess of Immortality, which explains the moon worship during the festival. 
Ive heard of bits and pieces of that story, Leonard said. Its more a myth than a story.
Jiang shrugged. It is a myth, yes.
I know that Change was the wife of a man named Yi, who was a Chinese hero, Leonard said.
Thats right, Joe. Go on.
Thats about all I know, Leonard said.
Ill finish it for you then, Jiang said. Legend has it that, one year, ten suns rose in the sky, causing great damage. But Yi shot down nine of them, leaving only one to give light.
Leonard listened to Jiang as they stepped off the far end of the bridge and back onto the walkway. 
Because of this act of heroism, an immortal who was impressed with Yi sent him an elixir of immortality. Yi didnt want to be immortal without Change, so he let her keep the elixir. But Feng Meng, one of his apprentices, knew his secret and, on the fifteenth of August in the lunar calendar, he broke into Yis house while he was away hunting and forced Change to give the elixir to him. But Change refused to do so and, instead, took the elixir and flew into the sky as an immortal.
Leonard cut her off. Careful! He steered her toward the edge of the walkway as a young man tore around them on a bicycle. Jiang, who had not seen the cyclist in the darkening shadows, nearly leapt out of her shoes. In her fright, she had grasped his arm tightly.
Are you okay? Leonard asked.
She released his arm hesitantly. Yes, I think so. I hate those cyclists. Do you want me to continue the story?
Yes, please do.
Since she loved her husband so much, she chose to live on the moon to be close to him. Back on earth, Yi was sad for the loss of Change and, as a result, displayed fruits and cakes that Change liked in his yard and offered sacrifices to his wife. Other people learned of his plight and, sympathizing with him, participated in these sacrifices with Yi.
Leonard said, I saw in the paper that the Beijing Space Agency had named one of their rockets after Change. Now I know why.
I did not know that, she said.
I have to say that there is no country with a richer tapestry of mythology and folklore than China, Leonard said.
I agree with you on that, Jiang said.
They walked for a while in silence. Theyd progressed onto the bridge and were about to step off onto the other side.
So maybe we should cut our meeting here short, Leonard said. I dont want to keep you from your family.
Its okay, Joe. Well be done here soon enough. We cant do too much for celebration anyway since my mothers health is very bad. Were just going to have some moon cakes in her apartment and maybe listen to some traditional music. Besides, I wanted to ask you some more questions.
What questions?
Previously, you had mentioned a little of what Americans think of China. But I want to know more about what you think of China.
Sure, I can try to answer your question, Jiang. No pressure there, Leonard thought. Leonard inhaled slowly, trying to think what to say. Like all countries, China has both good and bad.
Jiang nodded. Please go on.
I really like all of the mythology and traditions, as Ive already mentioned. It reflects the incredible scale and complexity of China. I appreciate that China is a very proud country. China is a fighter. It has risen up, against great odds at times, and has united itself as a country. Theres a strong nationalist sentiment in China.
Jiang nodded. Pride flashed briefly on her face, before passing into her usual stolid veil of neutrality. I think so, yes.
I also like how much China values learning. It has finally embraced technology and is not afraid to go elsewhere to gain technological expertise. And, of course, I like that it has opened up its economy to capitalism. This is much better for the Chinese people.
So these are all the good things, Jiang said. Now you must say the bad.
Leonard stayed silent, gathering his thoughts. 
She seemed to sense his reticence. Its okay, Joe. This will stay between you and me. Dont worry that it will affect our business partnership.
Leonard smiled. Thank you.
Theyd continued down the path for a ways and were approaching a pavilion where a handful of people were milling about.
From a business perspective, its a very difficult environment in China. Chinese custom makes it very difficult to be successful in business.
Go on, please, Jiang said.
The ideas of guanxi and mianzi are difficult to understand and deal with, Leonard said. Its very complicated and time-consuming having to give and receive favors to build relationships here. It takes a sophisticated understanding of Chinese society. Theres a high learning curve.
I understand, Joe. Please go on.
Also, for multiple reasons, Chinese business people often do not make business decisions based on logic and underlying economics.
Jiangs face crinkled into an expression of confusion. I dont understand this, Joe. Can you explain this to me?
I mean that business decisions are not based on logic, but on Chinese custom and emotions.
Jiang still looked unsure of what he meant. Can you give an example? 
For example, when a company chooses another to partner with, they downplay such characteristics as how adaptable it is within the economy, how much of a commitment that company has invested within a given market, and its commitment to them as customers. Instead, Chinese firms will place more importance on the social status of all the major managers involved in the company and how big their guanxi networks are.
Jiang nodded. That makes sense to me, Joe. But its only natural that this is so since guanxi relationships always expand at the individual level. So, in order for one business to successfully recruit another, they must first build personal relationships with that companys key managers.
Exactly, Leonard said. Im not saying its better, just that its very different than the way its done in the U.S. In the U.S., a company will choose its partners based more on things like company-level expertise, position in the market, and its commitment to the relationship.
Jiang seemed to understand his point, so he continued.
Also, in China, most job positions are not filled based on a persons qualifications, but on who the hiring manager knows through personal or familial connections. If the manager can place a debt to himself upon a third party that he has a guanxi relationship with or fulfill a previous obligation, the manager will hire that person, even if that person literally has no qualifications. This is not good for the economy because it doesnt allow it to function at maximum efficiency.
Another example is how Chinese companies will give partners that are within its guanxi network preferential treatment, even if it goes against market conditions. For example, it can be important for firms, especially new firms, to get access to credit so they can take out loans to buy equipment and such. In China, the ability for a firm to get access to credit is mostly determined by the size and effectiveness of the guanxi networks of its key managers.
Theyd passed by an intricately designed brown and red pagoda constructed of brick and wood. It was surrounded by a small garden where they encountered another patch of pink chrysanthemums. The pink-tinted light flashed again in his mind and he was involuntarily back in his darkened room.
He raged in his mind as the music in his ears bellowed, the light cascading through the window grew brighter, and the purple shadows revealed themselves as a coffee brown chest, a mahogany set of dresser drawers, and a wicker basket half-filled with dirty clothes. He glanced at the clock again. 7:14 a.m. 
Reluctantly, he removed the ear buds. The voices were still bickering. He lifted his covers and slid hesitantly out of bed. He needed to shower, but he had to go upstairs to do it. He didnt feel like dealing with it. His blood boiled. He picked up a small pillow lying near his bed and threw it hard across the room, where it caromed off the walls in the corner and fell harmlessly to the floor. He sat on his bed for a while longer. The voices became louder as the bickering began to spiral out of control. There was a loud shattering; he jumped out of his skin. This was followed by the slamming of a door and, finally, silence. 
He rose from the bed, threw on a white V-neck T-shirt, and checked himself in a small mirror. The face in the mirror was that of a thirteen-year-old boy with knotted dark brown hair. Hed grown it out until it hung to shoulder length so that, after a nights sleep, it splayed out in all directions. Reluctantly, he climbed the wooden stairs, pulled the brown door open, and entered into a small hallway. As he stepped into the hall, he passed by some potted lotus flowers, bright pink in color. Pink was his mothers favorite color and shed often had the flowers stashed in strategic places throughout the old house.
Through the hall he went before turning right and ascending three small stairs into the kitchen. His mother was sitting on the wooden floor in the corner, crying softly to herself, tears streaming down her face.
Why do you keep letting him do this? he asked.
She raised her head to him, but did not respond. He walked to her, knelt down, and hugged her 
Joe?
With a start, Leonard was thrust back into Taoranting Park. 
Joe? 
It was always the little things, he thought. It was always little things that triggered thoughts of home. It didnt happen often, but when it did it seemed to cast a surprisingly powerful weight upon him. 
Jiang said, Joe, are you okay? She was examining him intently, a strange look upon her face.
Yes, Jiang. Im sorry.
Leonard had to take a moment to remind himself what the topic of conversation was and was afraid for a moment he was going to have to ask her. But she rescued him.
So, in the U.S., how then is credit extended?
The reminder was jarring, but he managed to collect himself and respond.
In the U.S., they look at the companys ability to repay the money. For example, they look at how successful they were at repaying previous loans, how profitable the company has been historically, and how much cash it has on hand in order to repay the loan. You see how its more based on logic, rather than relationships?
Jiangs face had morphed into an expression of surprise and understanding. 
I do understand your viewpoint, Joe. Some of the things my sister has told me are helping me to better understand.
Leonard took a deep breath and exhaled. He needed to let go of the fear and anger from that day many years ago. He had a sudden desire to change the topic of conversation. Is your sister doing well? Leonard asked. Is she still working as a translator for the Ministry of State Security?
Yes, shes doing well. Were very thankful for her working there. She keeps us afloat financially.
Joe pondered how much Sun paid Jiang for her work, but he didnt dare broach that subject. He suspected it wasnt much, if anything at all. Are you and Min members of the C.C.P.?
Im not, but Min is. Mother started us both on that path many years ago. We were involved in Young Pioneers and then, later, the Communist Youth League of China. But, today, the Party prefers to admit people who have high levels of education. Min was able to obtain membership because of her college degrees and service in the military.
Leonard knew how exclusive membership to the C.C.P. was. Its rate of admission was currently about 5.6 percent of the total population.
May I ask what Min had to do in order to become a member?
She began the process just before leaving for college in the U.S. She had to keep track of what was going on in her life by writing down her reflections on events in a journal. She had to describe how she reacted to certain events, what she felt could be done about certain issues, and how the event related to socialism.
She also had to attend a course on Party membership and answer to an advisor. She had to undergo some background checks. She didnt do these things until after she came back from college.
Do all young people in China wish to become members? Leonard asked.
No, not anymore, Jiang said. Many of my acquaintances do not wish to become members because they perceive that the Party has committed many crimes against the Chinese people. Some others dont seek membership because they dont wish to blend in so much to the collective thought. They wish to be more individualistic.
What are your feelings regarding this?
Jiang sighed and brushed the hair out from her eyes again. I dont wish to become a member, despite the financial benefits. I much prefer to be myself.
Leonard smiled. I really like that about you, Jiang. I like that youre your own person with your own thoughts. I think youre a very strong person.
To Leonards great surprise, she slowed her pace and turned to him, a broad smile on her face. And with utter, almost frightening, sincerity, she thanked him. Thats one of the nicest things anyone has ever said to me.
Leonard returned the smile. Its my pleasure, Jiang. Im glad Min was able to get membership. I know its good for her and for you and your mother.
 It does make it easier for her to find jobs, especially in state-owned enterprises. It helps to mitigate against our failures with guanxi since my mother and I dont have many important connections at all.
Well, you do have Mr. Sun, right?
Yes, I have Sun. I am thankful for that, but it can be more difficult than you might think.
How so?
Jiangs expression stiffened. He can be demanding.
Leonard examined Jiangs face carefully. She was stone cold, unwilling to betray any emotion. He briefly thought about pursuing it further, but thought the better of it.
He saw that they were now approaching another pavilion on the north side of the park. She led him through a large group of pedestrians and weaved around and through a number of slower walkers. Jiang had spied a man dressed in rags standing along the edge of the pathway on their right. He was wearing a straw, cone-shaped sun hat and holding a straw basket in front of him.
When they came upon the man, Jiang stopped, pulled a small trinket from the basket, and handed the man some coins in payment. He slid the coins into a pocket in his tattered pants as Jiang made her way back to Leonard.
Youve seen a Chinese finger trap? Jiang asked, smiling. She held out a colorful cylindrical-shaped trinket constructed of interwoven pieces of bamboo, colored red and white. She put her finger in one end and extended the other for Leonard. Put your finger in.
Ive seen them before, Jiang. Leonard shrugged and went along with her. He slid his finger in. Jiang pulled her finger toward her. Leonard observed the pieces of bamboo as they tightened around his finger.
The harder you pull, the more stuck you become, Jiang said. Its like this in life sometimes, isnt it? The harder you try, the more stuck you get.
They were engaging in a friendly tug-of-war back and forth.
Nothing that a little grease cant fix, Leonard said.
They struggled back and forth for a few more moments before Jiang grabbed his wrist and pushed her end toward the center of the trap. Leonard felt the grip loosen as they pulled their fingers free.
May I ask, Jiang, what you like best about China?
They walked a few feet farther toward the pavilion as Jiang thought about her response.
Im in agreement with you about the grand scale and depth of our traditions and folklore, Jiang said. In fact, one of my favorite stories involves the graves set within the pavilion up ahead.
As they approached it, Jiang said, This is Taoran Pavilion. One of my heroes is buried here.
Leonard followed her up to the pavilion, which was constructed of stone and had a steeply sloping canopy. To his surprise, she led him on past the pavilion until they reached a stone sculpture. The sculpture was that of a young Chinese man and woman standing side-by-side. The man was dressed in a sort of long robe with cuffed sleeves, while the woman appeared to be wearing a skirt with some sort of collared shirt and a blouse with sleeves that widened as they extended to her hands like an upside-down cone. Her arms extended loosely down in front of her where here hands were cuffed modestly together. Both of their faces had solemn expressions.
This is a statue of my hero, Shi Pingmei, and her lover, Gao Junyu.
Leonard noted that the female was wearing glasses made of thin, circular frames. 
Is this why you wear those circular glasses, Jiang? Leonard said, pointing at the glasses on the stone replica of Shi Pingmei.
Jiang shrugged, a faint smile playing across her face. You guess right, Joe. I told you, Shi Pingmei is my hero. 
Leonard turned and smiled curtly at Jiang. Whats their story? They look like members of clergy.
Its a very sad story, Jiang said. They were not clergy members. They were intellectuals. Pingmei was born in Shanxi, where I grew up, in 1902. Her father was a juren, meaning that he was a very successful at the imperial examinations during the late Qing Dynasty, and he became a teacher. When she was little, Pingmei was a genius. She learned to read when she was two years old and she was later able to read all of the famous ancient Chinese works. Pings father was known as being open-minded, so he was not overwhelmed by the feudalist thinking that ignorant women are virtuous. So, he sent Pingmei to study in primary school at Taiyuan, which is where I went to school, if you remember Joe.
I do remember, Jiang. Please go on.
She later enrolled in the Womens Teaching College in Taiyuan where her tuition and fees were waived because of her high grades. In college is where she started reading about new ideas, particularly communism, in such titles as New Youth, and she also became concerned about state affairs. In 1920, when she was eighteen, she enrolled at Peking Womens Teaching College in old Beijing, which was considered one of the cradles of the communist movement. While at the Teaching College, one of the founding members of the communist party, Li Dazhao, became her most respected teacher and mentor. Pingmei got involved in revolutionary activities, and started a writing career.
Leonard interjected. Wait a minute.
Yes, Joe?
I apologize for interrupting, but I thought you and Min were against communism? Yet you admire that about her?
Jiang smiled. We are against communism, Joe. The reason I respect her is not because of belief in communism, but because she had the courage to challenge the dominant belief system at the time.
Oh, I see. And the dominant belief system in China at that time was Confucianism and the feudalistic thinking that her father had been opposed to.
Yes, thats correct.
I understand, Jiang. Please go on.
So, long story made short, Pingmei published many novels and poems and her reputation grew very much. In 1923 she graduated from this college and, with recommendations from her headmaster, she was hired as director and teacher at the affiliated middle school at Peking Normal University. As you know, Joe, Peking is another name for Beijing.
Leonard nodded. Yes, of course. Please go on Jiang.
As a teacher, Pingmei earned a reputation for her unselfishness and her sense of responsibility. During her time as a teacher, she fell in love with a man named Wu Tianfang. However, she later found out that Wu had hidden his marriage from her and she knew shed been cheated. As a result, she promised herself she would never love anyone else again.
Leonard grinned, leading her on. And then she met Gao Junyu.
Jiang smiled faintly and continued. Pingmei met Gao at a gathering of people in Shanxi where he gave a speech. Hed been a student of her father there and was also considered very talented. He enrolled at Peking University and, as Pingmei did, he became involved in the new communist movement. Gao was also a talented poet who had written many works.
So, long story made short, Gao fell in love with Pingmei. She was his first true love. However, Gao had been forced to marry someone else due to an arranged marriage. Despite this fact, and Pingmeis insistence on remaining single, Gao continued to pursue Pingmei. But she had been hurt badly by Wu and she was very stubborn about remaining single. Finally, though, in 1924, Gao divorced his wife.
Gao continued to pursue Pingmei, who continued to resist him, until 1924 when Gao fell suddenly ill with lung disease. On March 4, 1925, Pingmei received a message that Gao was seriously ill and wished to see her. But on March 25, Gao had a sudden onset of appendicitis and died.
Leonard allowed a slow smile to play across his face. Youre right, this is a sad story.
I told you it was, Joe. Dont say I didnt warn you.
Fair enough, Jiang. Please continue.
So Gaos death took a heavy toll on her. She was burdened that she did not ever recognize his love for her until after his death. She swore that she would love Gao until her death. A few days later, she buried his ashes here in this pavilion.
Pingmei began to haunt the pavilion and, it was said, her tears irrigated the cypress and pine trees growing beside the tomb. Three years after Gaos death, broken-hearted Pingmei was hospitalized with acute brain inflammation and died on September 30, 1928. She died on the same day and in the same ward in which Gao had died.
Wow, Joe said, bittersweet story.
It gets even more bittersweet, Joe. In October of that year, about a month after she died, her friends buried her ashes in a tomb beside Gaos at her request. It was in accordance with her last wish.
A very good story, Jiang. Are you always this sentimental?
Jiang thought for a moment. No, not always. But more so than Min. Min is not so emotional.
I see. Well thank you for telling me that story. I enjoyed that.
Jiang smiled broadly and completed an exaggerated bow and curtsy. You are welcome, Joe.

***
7.
Beijing, China
Wednesday, November 6, 6:18 p.m. China Standard Time

The sedan was moving along faster since theyd merged onto 4th Ring Road. It had only taken a few minutes before theyd reached the exit onto Jingzang Expressway. Hirsch steered the two-door onto the exit ramp. A beat up Passat had pulled along the side of the ramp, its emergency lights flashing. A woman had exited through the passenger side door, walked quickly around the vehicle, and met her husband next to the rear driver side wheel. The woman was screaming at her husband as she kicked the tire.
 You indicated in your reports that, at this point, you found some things out about Ms. Liu that would make her a good candidate. Can you elaborate?
I was impressed with her observation regarding Pingmeis questioning of feudalist belief. Jiang stated herself that she valued Pingmeis questioning of the status quo. To me, this indicates that Jiang, herself, is likely to question the status quo. It makes her more likely to be open to the possibility of acting against the interests of the C.C.P.
Go on, Hirsch said.
It also indicates that shes an independent thinker and strong in her beliefs. Shes intellectually mature to a degree I found surprising. Shes brave, at least in an intellectual sense, and has conviction. If shes to work against her own country, it helps that she is convicted in her belief that the C.C.P. is flawed.
 The other thing that was becoming apparent is that Jiang and her mother and sister arent well-off financially. Shed mentioned that, as a family, they dont have many good connections in Beijing. Thats common for migrants in Beijing, as they are. Shed also stated how her sister Min lives with their mother. Its also telling that Jiang lives with Sun. She wouldnt be living with Sun unless she felt she had to.
Hirsch remained silent as he pulled the sedan onto the expressway, heading north into Changping District in northwest Beijing. 
In my apartment that night, after that conversation with Jiang in the park, I thought about the Chinese finger trap. The more I thought, the more I felt there was some other meaning behind it. I became convinced that it was an analogy of Jiang and her familys situationthat maybe Jiang felt trapped. She was trying to somehow make me see her situation, her struggle, in a dignified way.
Hirsch was silent again for a few moments as he maneuvered the sedan around and through a number of slower moving vehicles.
You said that Jiang had mentioned that Min was still a supporter of the C.C.P.s dictatorial-style rule over China as opposed to western-style democracy. Did Jiang ever say what her feelings were about it?
Not at that point. But it became apparent a few days later.
How so?
Well, after one of our Wednesday meetings she unexpectedly invited me to a meeting of sorts that Friday night.
***

Beijing, China
Friday, October 4, 10:05 p.m. China Standard Time

Leonard saw her standing alone on the corner, bathed in the pale glow of a streetlight. Through the roiling traffic, he saw her gently flick away a stray lock of her ebony hair and tighten the black scarf around her neck. She was staring straight ahead, waiting patiently for him. 
He slipped out of the shadows into a group of pedestrians walking along a crowded thoroughfare in Xicheng District in central Beijing. Leonard slipped out of the throng as he approached the intersection. He timed the lights, which turned as he approached, and he walked briskly to the opposite side. To his right, Jiang had spotted him and was walking toward him. 
Leonard nodded as she approached. Hi, Jiang, he said.
Hello, Joe. Thanks for coming.
Thanks for inviting me.
Follow me, she said.
Leonard followed Jiang as she led him quickly a half block west to a dilapidated brick building. Leonard stepped ahead of her as they approached. He opened a rusted door for Jiang, as she led him through into a large vacant room with windows around the perimeter. It appeared to have been an office of some sort, but had obviously been abandoned for an extended period of time. Gaping holes were exposed in the ceiling to the room above with exposed chunks of dry wall, rebar, and wiring protruding into the room at various places.
Jiang led him to a spiral staircase at the front of the building. They descended the iron stairs into darkness punctuated by a series of lights from dimly lit bulbs until they reached a small metal landing with a Chinese lantern burning a dull orange and red. 
Jiang turned to him abruptly.
You may be wondering where were going, she said.
The thought had occurred to me, Leonard said, a slight grin playing across his face.
I thought Id introduce you to some of my friends, Jiang said. Theyre not used to strangers, especially westerners, but youll be okay since youre with me.
Jiang led him off the landing, down another set of spiral stairs. This time, however, the space opened up into a cavernous room dimly lit with more lanterns situated horizontally around the perimeter. As he descended, Leonard gazed out into the room. There were people scurrying about below, along with a few small clusters of people speaking in whispered tones. 
A few moments later, Leonards feet landed on an asphalt floor. Looking around and above him, he estimated the ceiling to be roughly thirty feet high. Between the lanterns casting large shadows throughout, were photographs of people hanging on the walls. The people in the photos didnt seem to fall into any one specific demographic; they were young and old, male and female. 
 As Leonard followed Jiang from the staircase at the rear of the room, toward the front, he began to see that, as with the photos, he was unable to discern any particular demographic within the people present. He almost ran into Jiang, as shed stopped momentarily and turned to him. She was pointing at one of the small clusters of people. Leonard counted five people total in the group, with a distraught middle-aged woman in the center. 
Thats Tian Wei at the center of that group, Jiang said.
Tians face was red with emotion, tears streaming down her face. An old man with a black winter coat had an arm around her shoulder, while a woman in a gray skirt had fished a cloth out of a black purse. 
Her husband was put in prison six years ago for crimes against the state, Jiang said. He was an author and radio commentator for a station here in Beijing. She found out just yesterday that he passed away in prison. She hasnt seen him in over five years, since his imprisonment.
The anguish on Tians face was indescribable. After looking more closely, Leonard realized the old man was literally holding Tian on her feet. It seemed she could not remain standing on her own.
Lets go, Jiang said, as Leonard followed her farther toward the front. A few moments later, Jiang acknowledged the presence of someone standing off to her right. Leonard followed her line of sight to a striking young woman with a pair of glasses tinted in a dark green hue, black slacks, black boots, and a bright yellow tank top under a black leather jacket. Her black hair was spiked straight up, the shadows of her eyes accentuated with a thick layer of black eyeliner, and two yellow beads hung from her earlobes. The womans expression had lit up, the white around her pupils flashing against the dark outlines of her eyes, which traced into the shape of a tear-drop.
Jiang opened her arms as the young woman approached. They fell into a warm embrace. When they separated, they spoke animatedly with each other. Their conversation was about other people within their social sphere, strangers to Leonard, so he didnt bother following the details of their conversation. Straggling behind the woman in yellow were two young men who were also dressed in the same punk style, to varying degrees. 
When Jiang had finished with the young woman in the yellow tank top, she shifted to one of the males. His bronze-colored T-shirt stretched across a wiry torso as he leaned in to hug Jiang. As he wrapped a pair of thin arms around her, Leonard noticed a black leather band around his left wrist. His hair, also spiked, was tinged with green and, as he buried his chin into Jiangs shoulder, he gave Leonard a cursory, suspicious glance. He wore black eyeliner and a metal nose-ring. After he pulled himself away from Jiang, Leonard saw that the T-shirt had a series of symbols scrawled in graffiti across the front that had no meaning for Leonard. He was wearing dark green denim pants with a thick black belt and black boots. 
The second young man was slightly shorter than his wiry friend and heavy-set. His head was bald and he wore a silver earing in his left ear. He had a long torso relative to his legs, and the olive green pair of shorts he was wearing were so long that they extended well past his knees. He appeared to have a pair of thick black socks extending up under his shorts. He also wore a maroon-colored V-neck sweater underneath a long black leather coat that fell nearly to the end of his shorts. When Jiang hugged him, his thick body seemed to swallow her thin frame whole.
Leonard waited for the greetings to conclude and he was anticipating Jiang would introduce him to her friends, but she, apparently, had decided against it. The looks he received from them seemed to express a mix of curiosity and apprehension. 
When Jiang had finished greeting them, she excused herself and motioned for Leonard to follow. Leonard followed Jiang as she continued to the front of the room, her three friends floating off to greet others still to arrive.
Jiang guided Leonard to the perimeter of the room where a massive poster board had been affixed to the wall. The board had been plastered with a collection of handwritten notes scribbled in Mandarin. The notes clearly had been placed on the wall by two men who, Leonard noticed, were using sliding ladders to reach unused portions of the board. The centerpiece of the board, however, was a text written out on white paper that was displayed prominently at the very center.
That text in the middle is called Charter 08, Jiang explained. Enough people had gathered in the assembly room that she had to now raise her voice. Have you heard of it?
Leonard nodded. Yes, I know about it. It was written by a handful of Chinese intellectuals and human rights activists.
Thats correct, Jiang said. But do you know what it is?
I do. Its a sort of bill of rights. A list of demands written up by the pro-democracy movement in China.
Jiang nodded in the affirmative. Thats right, Joe. A bill of rights for all Chinese people.
One of many such documents that have existed throughout modern Chinese history, Leonard pointed out.
Thats true, Joe. But this one is different. Its the first one thats been circulated online and signed by many prominent citizens. The government has tried to censor it, unsuccessfully.
Leonard remained silent.
Charter 08 is our guiding document, Jiang said. 
So thats what this is, Leonard said. A pro-democracy rally.
You havent figured that out yet?
Leonard shrugged. Im just a dumb, ugly American.
Youre not dumb, Joe.
Leonard realized that the photos around the perimeter of the room were those of Chinese dissidents. This was a place where these people came to celebrate them and, in most cases, mourn them.
What are all of these other writings?
Theyre sort of a jumble of things, Jiang explained. Most of them are opinions expressed in the forms of essays. Some of them are just random writings in the form of fiction or poetry.
Sort of like the wall posters that became so prevalent during the Cultural Revolution?
Yes, something like that, Jiang said. Its our way of expressing ourselves. But its not just a means of expression. Rather, its our way of formalizing the expression. When a thought is placed on the wall, it becomes public. When it becomes public, it means that a voice has truly been heard. And that means so much to us. Its very significant.
Leonard attempted to paraphrase her sentiment. The voice has been heard, which hasnt been the case in the past.
Thats clearly true, Jiang said. Like during the Cultural Revolution, the C.C.P. encouraged the people to debate. But there was never any incorporation of those ideas into the everyday. It really was just a way for the C.C.P. to find out who among the people disagreed with the C.C.P.s value system; a way to find out who disagreed with revolutionary communism so they could be punished.
I understand, Leonard said. But now you and your friends mean for the government to not only hear, but to act.
Thats correct, Joe. Someday, the government must act to change to democratic principles.
Youre very brave to come here and to participate, Leonard said. He was fully aware of what the consequences could be if Jiang and her friends were found here. He lived this reality every day as an agent of the CIA with no official diplomatic cover. It would likely mean arrest and the possibility of extended time spent in prison, or worse.
Jiang shrugged. Im not brave. The people on the walls are brave.
Leonard became aware suddenly of how many people had arrived. He looked back to the staircase at the rear of the room, the same one Jiang had led him down earlier, and it was flooded with a stream of people making their way down. A handful of people already in the room recognized Jiang as she led him across to the side opposite the wall posters. Leonard saw that she was leading him toward a square-based lectern with a large book lying on top.
The book was nearly four inches thick with plain, amber brown binding. As Leonard examined the front of the binding, he saw that it was absent a title. 
Jiang flipped the front cover open to turn to a random place at the beginning. The page was filled with writing in blue and black ink, presumably from the ink pens lying next to the thick volume. The writing was divided into two columns.
This is a list of grievances, Jiang said. The name of the offender is on the left, the offensive action on the right.
Leonard flipped through some of the pages. The book was about three-quarters full.
Theres no shortage of grievances, Leonard observed.
No.
He flipped through a few of the pages and realized that most of the names had a formal title listed adjacent to the name. Most of the offenders were clearly government officials, prominent businessmen, or members of the C.C.P.
His observations were interrupted by an amplified voice coming from the front of the room.
Attention, please! The voice was speaking in Mandarin.
An old man dressed in gray dress slacks, black socks and dress shoes, light green button-down shirt, and a dark blue jacket had stepped up to a microphone. 
Your attention, please. The man waited for the din of the assembled crowd to die down.
Thank you all for your presence this evening. Your leadership recognizes that, in addition to the usual significant risks youve all taken in meeting, its quite cold out tonight. So we appreciate you taking the time to come and gather. I would like to now introduce your elected leader, President Tseng.
There was a gentle applause from the gathering as Tseng strode to the microphone.
Thank you, Lizhi.
Tseng was younger than Lizhi, with a tall, thin frame and black hair that was parted on the side and long enough to hang down a bit over his left brow. He was dressed smartly in black, pleated dress slacks and a white dress shirt. He wore a pair of glasses with circular lenses, which caused Leonard to flash back in his memory to the sculpture of Gao Junyu that Jiang had shown him in Taoranting Park. 
Thank you all again for coming, Tseng said. I would first like to recognize our friend Tian Wei tonight. As many of you know by now, her husband, Shui, has been imprisoned in Daxing here in Beijing since 2007 for crimes against the state. Wei was informed just yesterday that Shui has passed away in prison. She is distraught as she had not had a chance to see him prior to his death, which Party officials have told her occurred this past Sunday. After we conclude the announcements today, if you can offer her your support, I know she will be very appreciative.
For a few moments, as Tseng fell silent, Tians gentle sobs could be heard above all else. 
I would like to offer a Buddhist prayer of remembrance to Tian at this very difficult moment as the Tians are both practicing Buddhists.
At this, Tseng pulled a slip of paper from his back pocket. Leonard could hear the crinkling sound of the paper as Tseng unfolded it near the microphone. Leonard listened along with the rest of the gathering as Tseng recited the passage.
When he finished, Tseng continued. Id also like to provide an update on our efforts at online propaganda. As you know, weve been working with a group in Hong Kong to maintain a series of websites available for viewing in mainland China. It has grown more and more difficult to keep these websites viewable as weve had to go to increasing lengths to keep the sites from the censors. So far, the techniques used by our group in Hong Kong have been working.
As many of you are also aware, this group has been providing much of their expertise free of charge. However, despite their very beneficial support, there are still some expenses they incur that they must pass to us. The good news is that, as of now, the price level for their services should remain static. However, we currently only have enough funding to continue for five more months. Therefore, we are asking for contributions from you in order to keep the websites running. If you can contribute, we urge you to forward that money to Lizhi and, I assure you, it will be put to its proper use.
Leonard heard the whispering of voices behind him and turned to see the source. A young Chinese woman with long ebony hair wearing a multicolored hair piece had a stack of cream-colored paper in her hands. She was distributing a pamphlet of some sort to the people in the crowd.
Next on the agenda are the news letters, Tseng said. Your communications officer, Ms. Pai, is now distributing our newsletter.
Leonard followed the progression of a small stack of the newsletters as the crowd passed them out among themselves. Eventually, a heavy-set middle-aged man gently laid a copy in his hands. As Leonard read through the newsletter, which was written in elegant red Mandarin characters, Leonard saw that it contained a number of different news-related items. Even from his brief exposure to these people, he suspected that many of the names appearing in the document were present in the room. In addition to the news items, there was a classifieds section where people advertised goods or services for sale, an obituary, a jobs section, and even a small entertainment section with a series of word games.
Tseng spent the next thirty minutes going over the events and other related items detailed in the newsletter. Most of these events involved the anonymous mailing of pro-democratic propaganda to various C.C.P. and government officials as well as other, more aggressive, recruiting activity. Some of the people involved in the recruiting activities were brought to the front of the crowd and recognized; a recognition that was very well deserved, Leonard thought, given the gravity of the risk they were undertaking. Jiang told him that many others who wouldve otherwise attended werent able to because they were being followed by the C.C.P. and, often times, harassed.
When Tseng had finished, he announced that the formal portion of the meeting had ended and invited the attendees to stay for a celebration. Leonard caught some activity out of the corner of his eye. Jiangs three friends shed greeted at the start of the meeting had dashed to the back of the room where a set of instruments and other equipment had been assembled. The shorter heavy-set male slid behind the drums, while the taller male in the bronze T-shirt picked up a guitar. They joined five other band-mates, each playing an instrument. 
A few moments later, the gentle strains of a classical Chinese hymn began floating through the dank underground air. The primary instruments played in the hymn were classical. A young woman, whom Leonard had not seen previously, played a flute while another played a zheng, a stringed instrument that was plucked like a guitar but rested parallel with the floor on a four legged stand. 
The light sound of the flute was so strong and distinct that one note seemed almost to shimmer immediately over his head, as though it had substance and could be seen. It made Leonard instinctively tilt his face toward the ceiling. It was then that he became aware of the people leaning over the balcony rail, peering down upon those standing on the floor.
The band played a series of classical Chinese pieces in succession. The sounds of the music were light and airy, the pace slow and dramatic. The floor was cleared, and a few of the attendees ventured to the middle where they began to dance slowly. People of all ages began to file out onto the floor. A young man walked over to Jiang and asked her to dance. Jiang accepted without hesitation after turning to Leonard, who politely nodded his permission.
 Jiang was resplendent on the floor. She wore a silk short-sleeved shirt with a red, white, black, and pink floral design that hugged her torso tightly with matching black slacks. It had a wrap-around effect. The flowers and the V-neck created a casual affect, but this was balanced by a short collar, which gave the look a little formality. She seemed, to Leonards utter surprise, extraordinarily comfortable on the dance floor; her movements were graceful, yet precise.
As the evening wore on, the music began to change gradually as the older members of the crowd began to disperse. Jiang had no shortage of dance partners as she accepted advances from a steady stream of young Chinese men. When she ran out of partners, she approached Leonard, who accepted after some hesitation. As he danced with her, feeling her warm hands in his, he was astonished at how different this version of Jiang was. The demeanor she projected was so different from the Jiang he knew from Sun Internationalconfident rather than deliberative, expressive rather than cold, and a core that was at peace rather than in turmoil. This is the genuine Jiang Liu, Leonard thought.
As they continued to dance, they switched partners frequently. Leonard alternated among a number of young women, while Jiang danced with her share of men. Inevitably, though, they came back to each other. The lights continued to dim further, the music gradually grew louder, and changed from traditional Chinese to western style rock music. Jiangs heavy-set male friend hammered away on the drums, the man in the bronze T-shirt played his guitar, and the young woman with the spiked hair and yellow tank top had taken over as lead vocalist. She belted out rock songs in a soft, but emotionally powerful voice. The music quickened, the dancers movements became more and more extravagant, and the clapping of hands from the people overhead on the balcony grew louder. Leonard was tempted to request a couple of songs from 70s American rock, just to see if the band knew of them.
Within the throbbing of drums, the intricate strains of a violin, the friendly and ubiquitous tones of a piano, and through the smoky haze of cigarette smoke, Jiang Liu floated. The soft light of the lanterns revealed the sheen of a thin layer of sweat on her face and skin which, though it had been warm in the beginning, now felt blazing hot. Shes going to melt right here on the dance floor, Leonard thought. Her eyes were closed in concentration, her movement languid and spontaneous. Her arms flowed naturally skyward, reaching for a strobe light above that was casting out a multitude of colors. 
In the music, Jiang reveled in something she clearly could never find anywhere else. Freedom, he thought. Freedom to be herself. But it was more than freedom. The intensity of her expression was startling. It was almost as though she were engaged in a form of worship. Leonard suddenly realized that this event, this night, was sacred to her. For her to invite him here to experience it with her was, for Leonard, overwhelmingly humbling. Silently, he thanked her. 
Leonard had always excelled at understanding people, realizing what makes them tick. Its the fundamental reason why hed applied to become a collections officer for the CIA. I see more than you think I do, Jiang, Leonard thought. Youre a very brave soul and I know your story. And Ill do everything I can to help you.
***
8.
Beijing, China
Wednesday, November 6, 6:29 p.m. China Standard Time

Sounds to me, Joe, like weve got a hell of an opportunity here, Hirsch said.
Leonard let a few moments pass in silence, save for the slight throbbing of the sedans wheels as they rolled over cracks in the expressway. 
Id agree with that. I guess well find out for sure in a few minutes.
For the first time in the drive, Hirsch looked at him and smiled broadly. Indeed we will. The throbbing of the wheels continued for a few more moments before Hirsch broke the silence. Theres one thing Im still unsure about, though. 
Leonard glanced at Hirsch. Whats that?
You said in your reports that Jiang and her family are struggling financially and that financial incentive would be the favored route to Mins services.
I believe the favored route would be a combination of financial incentive and a promise of freedom from dependence on Sun. Theyre interrelated.
How certain are you of this?
Of the Liu familys financial situation?
Yes.
Very certain.
Please explain.
Certainly, Leonard said. It was another event that happened semi-randomly. After that pro-democracy rally shed invited me to, there were several days where I completely lost contact with her. She quit returning my emails and answering my calls. I even went to the Sun compound to see her personally, but the guards wouldnt let me in. I mean, I was flabbergasted. But then I remembered that, during a prior conversation, Jiang had implied how she usually sticks pretty close to Suns apartment when shes not at work. I believed her when she told me this although, of course, I suspected that this was as likely due to a restriction placed on her by Shi Sun as it was a voluntary decision.
Anyway, I decided to start spending more time in the area, hoping for a break. A non-coincidental coincidence, so to speak. And it worked. 
***

Beijing, China
Tuesday, October 15, 9:48 p.m. China Standard Time

Joe Leonard stopped for once, but he was in the shadows, so that was okay. For a brief moment, as he gazed up between two multi-story buildings in south central Beijing, it occurred to him how pervasive this notion seemed to be in his life, the notion of always hiding in the shadows and always being wary of other people.
Physically, hed always been almost identical to his father. He had the same halting, gravelly voice, the same green eyes, the same dark five oclock shadow. But, personality-wise, it was a different story. He recalled how his father had always sworn under his smoky breath at the prospect of having to exercise any sort of social obligation, or speak publicly. His father was, at times, anti-social to the point of being a hermit.
He thought it fortunate that his mother was the opposite: articulate, warm, energetic, and spontaneous. She was mostly Chinese in her ethnic heritage, but she didnt carry herself in a way that fit any American stereotype. In terms of personality, Leonard took after his mother. While hed never fully overcome his discomfort with public speaking, he did enjoy meeting other people. For him, there was a subtle thrill to it that he craved. 
And it troubled him that, the older he got, the more he seemed to inexorably move closer to being a younger, if not more sophisticated, version of his father. At his core, he hated his fathers reticence because it was always a reliable signal as to the relative frequency of his drinking, which then brought on the predictable difficulties within the family. 
Unfortunately, Leonards profession didnt help matters any. It was hard to develop much trust in others when, if his true identity was discovered in this alien country, it could lead to a death sentence. 
He took a deep breath. The Beijing air was as clear tonight as it had been in a long time. He could see the stars twinkling overhead, for a change, within the narrow strip of sky visible between the two buildings. His head swirled, and for a moment he felt faint.
He shook it off and started walking again. Hed decided to move through an alleyway between two office buildings, hoping it was a shortcut to a local tavern he knew. He exited the alleyway in a brisk walk, the alley spilling into a sidewalk running parallel with a minor east-west thoroughfare. It was cold outside and hed underdressed, wearing only a thin nylon jacket. He wanted to get someplace warm in a hurry.
He saw the sign for the tavern up ahead, and sped up in anticipation. He quickly passed a group of young patrons whod just left the same establishment, talking excitedly amongst themselves. Members of Beijings new upper middle-class, Leonard thought. Chinese yuppies.
He surged forward, quickening his pace when a solitary figure caught his eye off to the left. He stopped suddenly, so suddenly that he nearly sprained an ankle.
The figure was that of a female with a dark-colored jacket and scarf, walking very slowly. Sullenly, Leonard thought. He could see the jacket and scarf in the light of a street lamp. They were replicas of those Jiang had worn to the rally the few days prior.
Leonard pivoted and began to follow the woman. The more he observed her, the more certain he was that it was Jiang. He sped up and moved in behind her, cupping his hands around his mouth.
He shouted, Jiang Liu!
The woman slowed her pace and turned very slightly, an involuntary response. It was all Leonard needed. He hustled forward.
The woman did the same, nearly colliding with the small group of revelers Leonard had passed earlier. They were walking along in a dark portion of the street, caught in between the light from the two nearest street lamps.
Leonard chased her for a block and a half until he caught up with her in the same alley hed come through earlier. 
He tugged on her coat to slow her down. She pivoted quickly, striking him alongside his head, pushing him away from her, and then sprinted forward again. Leave me alone! 
Leonard, in a mild state of shock that shed been able to get a blow in at his head, was disoriented for a few moments. But he recovered quickly enough to catch up to her again before shed reached the end of the alley. This time, he was prepared. She went for his head again, but he ducked and grabbed her around her waist. Her arms still free, she flailed at him wildly, but without precision, and her fists bounced harmlessly off of him.
Let me be, Joe! she shouted again. It was definitely Jiang. 
Jiang, please 
For a few more seconds she struggled wildly to break free, but Leonards strength was too much. 
Jiang, please stop.
Unable to break free, Jiang finally surrendered. Her body went limp and he released his grip.
Jiang, whereve you been?
Her face was still half-covered by the scarf, but he could see that her eyes and cheeks were moist. 
Jiang rushed at him, pushing him violently away. But she didnt attempt another escape.
Damn you, Joe! Why cant you just let me be?
Jiang, please stop.
She stood in front of him, a mix of tears and mascara running down her cheeks and into her scarf. 
I didnt She began to sob. She raised her hands to her head, pressing her palms against her face. I didnt want you to see me like this.
Didnt want me to see you? Jiang, what the hell is going on?
He moved closer to her. This time she didnt lash out. With his left hand, Leonard pulled her scarf down. Thin streaks of mascara and tears extended down her face. In the moonlight, Leonard saw huge bruises across the whole of her face. Both eyes had been blackened and there was a gash under the left one. 
He silently untied the scarf and slid it off her. She had more bruising across her neck.
Is this how Sun rewards your hard work and loyalty?
Jiang said nothing. She bowed her head. Shed begun to cry again.
He stepped closer.
What happened, Jiang? Did this happen because of the rally?
A strange noise came from Jiangs throat. An expression ofcontempt.
What does it matter, Joe? Its justhopeless.
Sun has you trapped, doesnt he, Jiang?
She nodded.
Tell me.
She pulled the hood of her coat down so he could see her whole profile. 
Why should I tell you, Joe? Theres nothing you can do.
Please, tell me, Jiang. Im your friend.
She wiped her face with the sleeve of her coat, which caused the mascara to streak horizontally across her cheek.
Youre my friend, huh? she said.
Can I be your friend, Jiang?
Be careful what you ask for, Joe.
What is Sun doing to you?
She took a step back from him and took a deep breath.
Sun is
Sun is what?
Im heavily indebted to him, Jiang said. 
What happened? Tell me the story.
She sighed heavily. Im so tired, Joe. 
Leonard stepped forward and she let him embrace her. She sank into him, resting her head on his chest. They stood there for a long while before she pulled herself away from him. She began to weep again.
Leonard was going to offer to wait for some other time, a better time, when she began to speak again.
I met Sun not too long after I arrived in Beijing with my mother and sister. We were very poor, Joe. We knew no one here and you know how hard it is for migrants.
Leonard knew the story of Beijings migrants. Millions of people from the rural parts of China had, over the course of the past several years, abandoned the countryside in favor of higher paying jobs in the city. The problem was that it was illegal for them to do this. All Chinese residents were forced to register themselves in their home district. Thus, residents registered in rural districts were given only severely restricted access to education, welfare, medical, and housing benefits, and were not legally permitted to stay in the city for extended periods of time. Many found ways around the system and stayed anyway.
We were living in horrible conditions in a single room underground. None of us could find work. We had to
Jiang lowered her head and began to cry softly.
Its okay, Jiang. I get the idea. How did you meet Sun?
Jiang shook her head. I dont know why Im telling you this. It justdoesnt matter.
She seemed to gather herself. Im sorry you had to see me like this. But I need to go now.
She moved to pass him and get back out along the thoroughfare.
Jiang, please. 
He tried to block her, but she powered past him. Theres nothing you can do anyway, Joe.
But there is, Jiang. I may be able to help you.
She stopped and pivoted to face him. How? How can you possibly help?
What if I told you I dont really work for Ricardos Logistics?
Her expression was stoic.
You work for Ricardos Joe, Jiang said, her voice monotone.
I do, yes. But I also work for the U.S. government.
How so? What do you mean?
I work for the U.S. government. Were interested in information on the Chinese government. Well pay for it.
Her bright eyes, shining in the darkness, widened.
Min
Min has access to information doesnt she?
Jiang nodded in the affirmative. As I told you, Joe. Min has access to all kinds of secret information.
If Min can get this information for us, we will pay you for it. We can help in other ways as well.
I dont believe you, Joe. Prove this to me.
Leonard never carried any official government ID on him while in the field.
I dont have my identification on me at the moment. Its very dangerous for me to do this. I can show you, though, at the proper time.
Her expression began to thaw, from stoic to something resembling hope.
I dont understand how she can do it, Jiang said, almost as much to herself as to him. She cant even talk about it. And she always talks about how much security there is. How they watch her every move.
We have ways to help, Leonard said. Min can do it.
You think she can?
I believe so. Not without risk, though.
She started pacing in the alleyway, her mind in overdrive.
How did you meet Sun? Leonard asked.
Jiang sighed heavily and walked slowly back to him.
I met him just a couple of months after we arrived in Beijing. I was working as a laundry attendant. Sun has people who keep eyes out for young women. One of these men spotted me and introduced himself. He promised money and living quarters in exchange for
Jiang bowed her head. Shes ashamed, Leonard thought.
Its okay, Jiang. You dont need to explain everything in detail. I know how these things work.
She stood there, her head bowed solemnly, unwilling to look him in the eye.
So, this man took you to meet Sun at his house?
Yes, thats right, Joe. He took me to speak with Sun. He liked me and offered to pay a monthly stipend and free housing at his home.
It was a good offer?
At the time, it was. His home is very big and overwhelming. I thought I could use the money to help pay for food and a better place for Min and my mother.
Did Sun follow through on his end of the bargain?
Now Jiang looked him in the eye.
Yes, he did.
He did? 
That thing about Sun is that hes always been very fair with me. He has always come through on his promises.
But he started asking more of you?
The first few days were horrible. Those were the worst.
That changed after a while?
Yes, thank the heavens. My role changed a bit. Sun told me he liked me and wanted to keep me for himself.
So you didnt have to be with other men anymore?
Thats right. 
When did you start working for Sun at his business?
A few months later.
How did that happen?
It never wouldve happened without Min, Jiang said.
Tell me.
Min had a contact from the army who was starting a security company. One night I overheard Sun talking with one of his associates and he expressed a need for more security for his business. I approached Sun and told him that Min might be able to arrange a reduced rate for security through her P.L.A. contacts.
I see. So, in exchange for this favor, Min requested that Sun allow you to work for him in his legitimate business.
Yes, thats true. I began to work for Sun at his business as a clerk.
Min drives a hard bargain.
Min is a tough negotiator.
But now youre in debt to Sun.
Im in huge debt to Sun, Jiang said. It goes even beyond what Ive already told you.
Leonard waited for her to continue.
Sun is the one who paid for most of Mins schooling.
Not the army?
The army paid for some, but not much. It was Sun that allowed her to go to America.
Why did Sun do this?
In exchange for future favors.
Leonard breathed deeply. He was beginning to get a sense of Jiangs predicament.
He also pays for the apartment Min and my mother live in.
What does Sun expect to get in return from you?
My continued companionship and access to certain officials within the C.C.P. through Mins contacts.
Did you ever attend Tsinghua University?
Jiangs head sunk.
Please tell me the truth, Jiang.
No, I never attended. We could never afford for me to go to school. My mother had to choose between Min and myself. She chose Min.
Leonard shook his head. Youre never going to get away from him, are you?
Jiangs eyes filled with tears. I will never get away from him. 
She strode to him. Joe, please help us. Im so tired. We are so tired.
Ill do everything I can.
He wrapped his arms around her. Jiang buried her face in his chest, sobbing.

***

9.
Beijing, China
Wednesday, November 6, 6:38 p.m. China Standard Time

So you had Jiang explain the situation to Min? Does she know why were coming? Hirsch asked.
Leonard said, Per our policy, I told Jiang not to tell Min that I work for the U.S. government. Jiang told her that Im an American friend of hers interested in security for some of our clients at Ricardos. Or, at least, thats what Jiang says.
You have no reason to disbelieve her?
None.
Hirsch accelerated the sedan on the outermost lane along Jingzang Expressway, along a rare stretch of extended free space. Leonard glanced at the green numerals on the clock. 6:38 p.m. They sped along the expressway relatively unobstructed as compared to when they were traveling the side roads in central Beijing.  
Were making much better time now, Hirsch said.
Leonard pulled a slip of paper out of his back pocket. He said, Jiang gave me instructions. We need to get onto Beiqing Road. Go ahead and turn off here onto Xierqi North Road. Well take it westbound for a few blocks.
Hirsch slowed the sedan and followed Leonards instructions. Leonard led them west to Jinxin Expressway where Xi-erqi North Road turned into Houchangcun Road, which they followed westbound for a while longer before turning north again. Eventually, they ran into Beiqing Road. They followed Beiqing Road west before zig-zagging in a north and west pattern through a series of lower-middle class neighborhoods.
Its in this area somewhere, Leonard said. Hirsch pulled alongside one of the residential side streets just south of the Nansha River, which ran east-west through north Beijing. The area was cluttered with rows of two-story shanties.
Lets hoof it from here, Hirsch said. 
Leonard reached for his backpack and pulled out a Glock 22 pistol. He rarely carried a weapon but, on occasions where they pitched potential agents, it was agency policy to carry extra protection. There was never any way to predict how a potential asset might react. 
As he exited the sedan, Leonard slid the weapon into a concealed holster. Hirsch did the same with his.
It took them longer to locate Jiang and Mins apartment than Leonard thought it would, as the structures werent clearly marked and they had to resort to going door-to-door, getting instruction from the local tenants. Finally, at 7:04, they found an apartment that seemed to match the address Jiang had provided.
Leonard knocked on a thin gray wooden door with 102 painted on in white numerals.
What do you think? Hirsch asked. Are you ready to go? 
Leonard glanced back at Hirsch, a slight smirk on his face. Dunno. Im nervous, but confident.
In reality, Leonards stomach was churning. Then door creaked open, and on the other side stood Jiang Liu.
She was leaning into the door, her left arm crossed over with her hand resting on the doorknob. She wore the usual solemn look on her face. 
Hey, Jiang.
Jiang nodded almost imperceptibly.
A mix of apprehensiveness and mistrust crossed her face as she examined Hirsch.
Jiang, this is Xavier Hirsch. Hes my supervisor. He also works for the U.S. government.
Jiang nodded curtly at Hirsch.
May we come in? Leonard asked.
Yes. Its okay. Please come in, Joe andMr. Hirsch.
Hirsch held the door for Leonard. Jiang stepped back from the door as Leonard stepped through. As he cleared the front door, another young woman appeared. She was shorter than Jiang, by a couple of inches at least, and heavy-set with short ebony hair parted down the middle. She wore a long, black skirt, a light blue blouse with matching necklace and earrings, and a pair of black dress shoes. She wore square-shaped glasses.
Joe, this is my sister, Min, I have told you about previously. Min smiled thinly and extended her hand toward him. Leonard noticed a thin gap between her two front teeth as he grasped her hand. Her grip was firm.
Its very nice to finally meet you, Ms. Liu, Leonard said. 
Likewise. Please call me Min.
Hirsch stepped forward and introduced himself to Min. 
Can I get you some tea? Jiang asked.
Leonard accepted on behalf of Hirsch and himself. 
A cursory glance of the dwelling revealed that it was a very small apartment with a single room on the ground level and, because Leonard had spied a small staircase in the corner of the room, he assumed there was a similar area on the floor above. There was one bed situated in the room, in the corner opposite the stairsas well as a small desk, a dresser, and a makeshift kitchen, including a small iron stove and a miniature refrigerator. The only other piece of furniture was a small wooden bench situated next to the door, with some padding on the backrest and on the seat made of red cloth. A black and white photo of Mao Zedong had been hung above the bench.
Please have a seat, Min said, leading them to two small wooden chairs that had been situated at the center of the small room. Hirsch and Leonard sat down on the chairs as Jiang brought them small cups of tea. Min had retreated to a small table, grabbed a third chair, and brought it back to the center of the room where Leonard and Hirsch were sitting. Min sat down across from them.
Thank you for hosting us this evening, Leonard said. Its very kind of you.
It is our pleasure, Min said. 
I understand you made quite a journey to the U.S. to study a couple of years ago.
Leonard was waiting for Hirsch to take control, but he was content, for now at least, to let Leonard lead the conversation.
Yes, this is true. I did study in California for three years.
And you earned degrees in politics and
English, Min said, finishing his sentence.
Are you proficient in English? Leonard asked.
Min answered him in English.  Im not at native level mastery, but good enough for full professional proficiency.
Leonard smiled and answered her in English. Thats very good! Im impressed.
Again in English, Min asked, Jiang says your Chinese is very good. What is your proficiency?
Leonard answered in Chinese. Not quite native for Mandarin. Its gotten much better since I first arrived in Beijing.
Min asked, Which state are you from, Mr. Leonard?
Jiang interjected in English, West Virginia.
Min grinned at Jiangs unexpected response. Oh, I guess Mr. Leonard has been teaching you, Jiang? Min was looking up at Jiang with an expression of mock surprise.
The chemistry between Jiang and Min was obvious to Leonard as he studied the quick, jovial exchange between the two.
Jiang says you two are very close, Leonard said. You would agree, Min?
Leonard was curious as to where their mother was, since Jiang had said previously that she lived with Min. He wanted to steer the conversation toward that subject.
Min grinned. Oh, I think so. I would agree with that. We have a small family, but were very close.
Your mother is not here tonight? Leonard said.
Min looked up at Jiang as though it was her turn to respond.
Our mother is resting upstairs, Jiang said. Shes very ill now and unable to participate tonight.
Leonard gave the appropriate apology. Thats okay. I was curious, thats all.
Min seemed curious about Leonards family, particularly about his familys history of working the coal mines. She asked him a number of questions on the topic, which Leonard patiently answered. Min was careful to also include Hirsch, who answered a few questions about his life prior to the CIA, using his cover story. Theyd been talking for a good twenty-five minutes before Min directed the topic of conversation back to the business at hand.
Jiang has told me, Mr. Leonard, that you work for an American consultant here in Beijing?
Thats true, Min. I work for Ricardos Logistics. We were hired by Jiangs employer, Sun International, to provide logistics support for the overseas operations.
Jiang tells me that you are interested in hiring additional security for your company?
Actually, Min, weve come to make a different proposition.
Min glanced up at Jiang, whod returned from the mini-kitchen and was standing next to Min. 
What proposition, Mr. Leonard? Mins face had shifted into an expression that betrayed a mix of surprise and concern.
Leonard felt a lump forming in his throat and his stomach begin to swirl. He was about to speak when he felt Hirsch tap gently on his left forearm. It was time for Hirsch to take over, for which Leonard was grateful. 
Min, it is true that Joe works for Ricardos, which is a consulting firm here in Beijing, Hirsch said.
Mins rapt attention was reflected in her eyes, which sparkled with intelligence. She remained silent, so Hirsch continued.
However, Joe also has another employer.
Another employer? Min asked. Which one is this?
Hirsch continued, Joe works for the United States government.
Mins face registered surprise. She looked intently at Leonard, studying him. You work for the U.S. government?
Leonard nodded. Yes, Min. I do.
Hirsch said, And Im his boss.
Min looked up again briefly at Jiang, an expression of concern, even fear, on her face, before returning her steady gaze upon Hirsch. What is your intention here tonight? Min asked.
Leonard could only guess as to what Min was feeling at this moment. Given the propaganda the C.C.P. regularly forced down the throats of the Chinese people regarding the U.S.propaganda that painted the U.S. as an imperialist country to be feared and not to be trusted at any costLeonard couldnt imagine what they may have fed to members of the Chinese intelligence apparatus. Her feelings may have switched instantaneously from something close to neutral to that of mistrust or even terror. If that was the case, her enquiry as to their intentions was a brave one.
We have a different proposition to make, Hirsch said.
Go on, Min said.
My boss, Hirsch said, is looking for information from the Chinese government. He will pay for good information.
Mins expression had turned deadly serious.
Youre in the intelligence part of the U.S. government? Min asked.
Thats correct, Hirsch said.
Min looked up at Jiang. Did you know about this, Jiang?
Jiang did not say anything. Min, please listen to what Joe and Mr. Hirsch have to say. They can help usour family.
Min turned back to Leonard and Hirsch.
What is this proposition? Min asked. 
We understand that you work for the Ministry of State Security and that you are a translator.
Min again looked up at Jiang and then back to Hirsch. Her expression had hardened and was completely neutral. Go on, Min said.
We came here tonight to ask you to gather portions of the information available to you within the Ministry and give us copies of that information for a price. We will pay handsomely for it.
Min seemed frozen for a few moments, having to gather her thoughts before she could respond.
You have your official IDs, I assume?
Yes, certainly, Hirsch said. Leonard followed Hirschs example, pulling his CIA ID from his pocket. They both showed them to Min.
I cant imagine how I could ever get these copies of the information, Min said, seemingly satisfied with the identification. Theres no means for this to happen. The security is too tight. They watch everything I do.
We can make you eye glasses that take pictures, Hirsch said. Well customize them so that they look just like the ones youre wearing.
But they dont allow me to bring anything into the work area. How would I store and transmit the information? I would need a drive of some kind. They wont let me bring that in with me.
Hirsch continued, The glasses are self-containing. They have a battery supply and transmitter embedded in the frame. You wont need to bring anything else in.
They have insulation of sorts in the walls, though, Min said. There would be no way for the signals to get out of the building.
Then well need to get a flash drive in with you. We can make them extremely tiny. Well figure it out, Hirsch said. We wont do anything until youre entirely comfortable with the process.
How much is your offer? Min asked. You must be more specific.
Hirsch said, The average monthly salary in Beijing is about 4700 yuan,
Leonard did the conversion to dollars in his head. This was roughly equivalent to 750 American dollars, depending on the exchange rate at any given point in time. 
The amount were willing to pay will depend, in part, on the quality of the information we receive from you. As a starting point, well pay you double that number each month while youre acting in your role for us. It will be deposited in a bank account here in Beijing of your choosing.
How do you determine the quality of information? Min asked. I dont understand.
It depends on how usable it is to us. But given the nature of the information available to you, I think theres a high probability that you have access to good information.
What if I refuse? Min asked. Min looked at Jiang. What will you do?
Nothing, Hirsch said. Well leave you alone as though nothing ever happened.
Min looked again at Jiang, who looked away.
But if we find that youve divulged who we arethat Joe and myself work for the United States governmentwe will have to take very serious action. We are trusting that you will never betray that information to you superiors.
So, just by Jiang and me knowing who you really are, youve already placed us into a difficult situation, Min said.
No, Hirsch said. Youre not in a difficult situation. As long as you dont betray us to your superiors, we will never harm you.
I must speak with Jiang alone, Min said. 
As you wish, Hirsch said. Do you want us to step out?
Thats okay, Mr. Hirsch. Well go upstairs, 
Min took Jiang by the arm and led her up the stairs. 
Leonard and Hirsch sat in silence for a few moments.
I wonder if theyre consulting with the elder Liu? Leonard said.
Hirsch shrugged. Dont know.
Do you think shell counter-offer? 
Hirsch smiled. Well find out.
A few minutes passed before Min re-appeared, with Jiang following closely behind. The sisters resumed their same places, with Min on the chair and Jiang standing next to her.
Min spoke, addressing Hirsch directly. What you ask of me and of Jiang and my mother is a lot.
Hirsch nodded. It is.
Its much more than what you have already offered, I think. If Im ever caught I risk trial and a long prison term at the least, and maybe even death. And thats not to say what the C.C.P. will do to Jiang and my mother.
What are your thoughts on how much you should be compensated? Hirsch said.
It will take more than just financial consideration. I must have your solemn assurances from you that, if Im ever uncovered by my superiors, that you will take care of Jiang and my mother.
Yes.
You must agree to protect them from the C.C.P. and move them out of China.
Okay. Anything else?
We must agree to conditions to eventually end my role, Min said. And I must have a say in that decision.
Agreed, Hirsch said. Anything else?
And lastly, Jiangs work with Sun must end. Weve calculated how much in wages it will take for this to happen. With this in mind, and other considerations including our mothers health, I think that four times the average salary is appropriate.
Leonard thought about Mins conditions. He was impressed with her. She seemed to recognize some of the challenges in defining the terms of her relationship with them. She also seemed to understand the opportunity in front of her, and she was going to take full advantage of it.
Anything else? Hirsch asked.
Min shook her head. Not at this time. All of this is fluid and based on how our relationship progresses. And I must be comfortable and confident with the methods you propose for transferring the information, as you said earlier.
We can consider all of your demands, Hirsch said, except one.
Min frowned. Which one?
Hirsch extended his left arm forward, palm down. A gesture of reassurance, Leonard thought.
If you accept this role, Jiang must continue to work for Sun for the time being. Everything in your lives must remain the same as far as outside appearances are concerned.
Jiang frowned and bowed her head. When she looked up again, her eyes had filled with tears.
I cant continue to work for Sun. Jiang said. Please, Mr. Hirsch. I dont want to work for Sun anymore.
Hirsch nodded. Im sorry, Jiang. But it is imperative that everything stay as it is now. Sun has too many connections with the C.C.P. If he sees something is amiss, he will start to investigate. We cannot have this happen while Min is active in her role with us. This is for your own safety as much as for our own.
Min turned to Jiang and hugged her. She spoke softly into Jiangs ear and brushed a tear off of her sisters face.
But we can work with you on everything else. Well keep things fluid at first, Min, as you said. This is so we can start to develop trust. Well get you fitted for the glasses and you can start to think about what youll need to do, and need us to do, to make it work. Is it a deal?
Min turned again to Jiang, who nodded her approval.
For now its a deal, Mr. Hirsch.
As was custom in China, Jiang and Min invited them to stay and eat as a courtesy from the host, which Hirsch accepted. The energy in the room lightened considerably after the preliminary negotiations had come to an end. During the meal, Min and Jiang seemed to be in a buoyant mood, with a dash of wariness mixed in. They peppered Hirsch and himself with questions about the U.S. and about their personal histories, which they answered readily enough, albeit with their cover stories. Anything to build trust. Or, so-called trust, Leonard thought. In the CIA, everything was an illusion. 
When the meal ended, they bid their new agents a temporary farewell, and slipped out of the little apartment into the cool, fall Beijing night. As they made their way back to the sedan, Hirsch extended his arm to Leonard.
Nicely done, Joe. This could be a big one.
Leonard shook Hirschs hand. Leonard felt a surge of adrenaline at Hirschs compliment. Thank you, sir.
This could definitely be a big one, Leonard agreed. A career-changing one. It would depend on the quality of the info Min could get them. 
As a cool breeze swept along the street and rustled his hair, Leonard allowed himself to feel an unbridled optimism at the opportunities that potentially lay ahead. It was a powerful feeling that he hadnt felt since he learned hed been hired by the CIA. If everything worked out, this would be his first big professional break. Hed do everything he could to make it work. Hirsch had already told him to expect to dump a couple of his other less-promising leads, which was fine with him. Hed been overstressed with leads for months anyway. It would be nice to consolidate a little.
He thought also about Jiang. Somehow, he felt she hadnt told him her complete story yet. He thought back to her spontaneous dash to the man selling the Chinese finger trap. Ill find out your story, Jiang. If its the last thing I do. And Ill help set you free.
 

Also by Nathan Williams:
THE THREE FIFTHS FUGITIVE
THE THOUGHT CATHEDRAL (COMING SOON)
THE INGENUITY BALL (COMING SOON)
THE CONCEPT BAZAAR (COMING SOON)

For more Brooklyn Ventures, please visit my website at 
www.brooklynventures.net

If you enjoyed my book, please subscribe to my mailing list by clicking on the following link. I use the list strictly for announcing new releases and occasional promotions.
Mailing List

