
Cranston Baxter and the Red Button Set

A E Coates

Copyright A E Coates 2013

 Published at Smashwords








Contents

Prologue

Part one - London

Chapter one
Chapter two
Chapter three
Chapter four
Chapter five
Chapter six
Chapter seven
Chapter eight
Chapter nine
Chapter ten
Chapter eleven
Chapter twelve

Part two - Paris

Chapter thirteen
Chapter fourteen
Chapter fifteen
Chapter sixteen
Chapter seventeen
Chapter eighteen
Chapter nineteen
Chapter twenty
Chapter twenty-one

Part three - San Remo

Chapter twenty-two
Chapter twenty-three
Chapter twenty-four
Chapter twenty-five
Chapter twenty-six
Chapter twenty-seven

Finale

Prologue

September 1914, Paris 

And so it goes, as it does for all young men of my generation, that my story starts during, and was formed by, the events that occurred in the year nineteen-fourteen. 
Alongside many of my oldest friends, I had enlisted in the British Army through a sense of good form and a misguided ideal of heroism and adventure. After receiving the necessary amount of training we had all subsequently found our places as eager and coiled springs, settled deeply within the working part of the Queen's Royal Regiment, West Surrey, First Battalion.
In a matter of weeks we had landed in Paris, fully prepared to support the British Expeditionary Forces and the French Fifth Army, in the protection of the great city from the threat of impending invasion via the Western Front.
It was September fourth and the night before the first great battle of the war, forever remembered as the Miracle at Marne.
We had been given a few hours leave and so naturally the boys and I had set off to the area of Paris known as Pigalle to enjoy the wine, warmth and women of Le Caf Mansart.
And while it was not what one in the know would call a sound place, the drink was cheap and the people known to be some of the best sort in the city. Furthermore, on entering the place, I saw in the corner a well-watered and sorely-neglected upright piano. 
The chaps had gone in search of the wet stuff but I had, instead, made a bee-line for the instrument. Within a few minutes I had settled down, had flexed the fingers and was testing the pedals. 
It was when I was putting the finishing touches to one of Chopin's more livelier tunes that an attractive girl of about twenty came across the room and sat comfortably on my knee. 
"Encore," she said, wrapping her arms around my neck and kissing me sweetly for encouragement. She tasted wonderfully of Pernod and cheap tobacco.
On her request I dutifully leaned around her slender form and sauntered into Mozart. 
But, as it happened, only a few bars in a rather ill-looking old gentleman came over and tapped me firmly on the shoulder. The girl took one look at him before wrinkling up her nose and setting off across the room to perch herself, instead, on the lap of one my friends who was pouring drinks.
"Vouz aimez la musique?" The old man asked, looking up and down at my uniform with curiosity.
"Yes," I replied. "Very much so."
I meant to turn back to the piano and avoid his terrible breath, but instead he gently pulled me back to face him.
"Pas musique ici." He stated, waving his arm around the room and shaking his head. "Mais, le Jardin du Luxembourg! Oui. Aller au Jardin du Luxembourg ce soir. Pour Saint-Sans!"
He smiled at me and nodded with exaggerated enthusiasm at the mention of the great composer. I was of a mind to politely shrug him away, but the opportunity of enjoying some truly good music was too appealing for one who'd been listening to nothing but the military drum for weeks on end.
"Saint-Sans?" I repeated, wanting to be certain of the facts. "Ce soir?" 
"Oui," he said, taking out a battered copper watch to consult it. "Tres bientot. Aller!"
On the old mans promise, I swiftly made my peace with the chaps, had ignored their protests to stay, and left them to the ministrations of the girls in the caf. 



I quickly found out that its a long way to the Jardin du Luxembourg from Pigalle. Especially in the cold. And especially in the dark. I took the Metro southwards towards Rue Luxembourg, finding it almost empty apart from a few down-and-outs and more than one of the rotten sort.
Despite the company, however, I was humming a happy tune as I left the Metro, exhaling the dirty heat of the underground station and breathing in the cold air of the autumn evening. 
But I heard nothing.
On entering the park from the North I soon knew that the old man had been pulling my leg. In a flash, I came to understand that he must have wanted the girl for himself and that his plan had been to get me out of the way. Well, I thought, it had worked.
As it was, the park was bare save for a few drunkards who were taking great pleasure in drowning themselves in sour wine from oddly-shaped leather bottles, sitting directly in the centre of the gardens built for the Medici. One had to admire it.
I passed them by as I walked deeper into the park, buoyed on by that particular flavour of hope that exists only before absolute certainty. On reaching a deserted bandstand, however, it left me and I felt ridiculous once more. 
I saw posters pasted onto nearby trees, in bright green and gold, for an open-air concert of one of Saint-Sans Violin Concertos, dated for a Sunday afternoon two months in the past.
Never trust a stranger, I thought to myself as I lit a flat cigarette for company during my return journey through the park.
Suddenly I heard a voice calling out of the darkness. "Save a match?"
I turned around and saw a handsome chap in a khaki-green BEF uniform. As he was strolling over to me I saw that his dark hair was short and smart and he wore a moustache just as neat. Yet despite the orderly style of his cloth, his collar was undone and his sleeves were rolled right up to the elbow. In his hands he was holding a black cigarette and I offered him my still-burning match to light it.
"Thank you," he said, taking a pull of the thing before exhaling in a well-earned sort of sigh.
I noticed that he had a casual stance about him, a sporty sort of thing, as if hed learned to carry himself the right way from an early age. His crooked grin came easily and his dark eyes were busy in what I felt to be a searching and calculating study of the self. 
"Im Cranston Baxter," he said, swapping his cigarette to his left hand in order to hold out the other for me to shake. 
"Jack James," I replied. "How do you do?"
"How do you do? James you say?" He asked. "Son of General James?"
"Sorry, no. My father wasnt in the army."
"Of course," Cranston replied kindly, as if he had known him well. "Of course. I trust he is in better shape than the General." He toyed with his cigarette between his fingers.
"He isn't that well, I'm afraid." I admitted. "Spot of fever. But," I had to admit, "still better than the General."
He laughed a genuine sort of laugh and, leaving the bandstand behind us, we walked together deeper into the wooded avenue. 
"Are you coming East tomorrow with the rest of us?" He asked, looking at my uniform.
"That's right."
"Queen's Royal?" 
"Yes. West Surrey."
He clicked his fingers at me excitedly. "I thought you must be. Good lot," he said, simply. "Brave lot."
"Absolutely."
"Well, I've only got one bit of advice for you." He said, taking a last, deep pull on his cigarette. "Trust the chap next to you, and he'll trust you."
"What do you mean?" 
"I mean," he said, stubbing out his cigarette on the sole of his boot and flicking it away. "Normally youd have to know a chap before youd trust him. Its only natural. But out here?" Cranston shrugged. 
He looking around at the gardens as if we were deep within enemy territory. "Here you know what a man is truly made of, and you know what he's up against from the start. We're all in this together you see, so if you do a good by turn him"
"He'll do a good turn by me."
"Exactly." He said. "And never forget a face." He smiled at me but as soon as it rose, it fell. "You look a little lost, Jack. Not on top form?"
"That's about it," I replied. 
"Sent here on a promise?" 
"How did you That's exactly right." I couldnt help but laugh. 
"You look a little lost, that's all. A girl?"
"Music actually. I was told there'd be some."
"And now you're wondering where the nearest drink is? Come with me, I know a great place by the river."
"That's good of you," I replied. "Youre not waiting for somebody yourself?"
"Not until later. I have time for a friend. Come on." Cranston patted me on the shoulder. "I'm going to buy you the best pint outside of Burton."
And so we walked on. 
We chatted for a while. Cranston asked me a little of what life was like back home. He asked me what I did for a living and what I really thought about all this war. 
It wasnt until we came to the Seine through Rue Saint-Jacques that I stopped and urged him to be silent.
"What is it?"
"Cant you hear that?" I asked.
He shook his head and I waited a moment until the noise came a little louder. Soon the low hum, that I alone could hear, turned into a gentle buzz of distant engines coming from the South West. 
"There!" I said, pointing into the sky. 
A pair of bird-like planes were carving the sky into thirds and were coming upon us slowly and steadily against the breeze. 
We had heard of the new role that planes were having in the war, of course, and so it was with no small relief that I saw them pass overhead without incident.
But it was a short respite. As the planes turned eastwards, each dropped something which exploded terribly against the westerly side of Notre Dame cathedral. Bricks fell from her faade and her great bells rang deeply and dreadfully from the force of it. 
As Cranston and I stood there, taking in the awful sight, a bright red motor car pulled up in front of us and the driver opened up its passenger-side door to lean out and shout at us. 
"Where the hell have you been?" 
I saw that the driver was charming girl of about twenty-five with long, jet-black hair. She was wearing a dark red coat and black leather driving gloves. She waved one of them at Cranston. "Come on, we have to go. She's here." 
"They were German," Cranston shouted back at her, excitedly. "Taubes. If we're quick we can catch them north of here at Sacr Coeur and hit them from above." He turned to face me. "I'm afraid I'm going to have to leave that drink, Jack."
"That's ok," I replied. "You must do your bit."
"Head to the Latin Quarter." He said, pointing down-river. "That way. You'll find some music there Im sure."
He smiled broadly, knowingly. 
Looking back, I know that he had taken one look at me that night and had understood me. Who I was, where I had come from and what I was after. 
In return, I had seen only a man who was happy. A man who would do a stranger a good turn, but knew when to do his duty. 
Years later I would come to realise that this was to be the very core of understanding him. For that night, walking, talking and smoking amongst the elm trees of war-torn Paris, was the last time that Cranston Baxter would ever be truly happy again. 
He had come to know me completely from that first meeting and it was a compliment I would unknowingly spend the next decade trying to repay.
"It's been nice to meet you, Jack." He said, buttoning up his collar. "If you make sure to live through all this, I'll owe you a match." He shook my hand firmly before jumping into the vehicle. 
"I'll remember you for it." I replied, closing the door behind him.
Heavy grey clouds were coming in from the West, and their heavy colour brought with them a promise of unseasonal rain.
 As the motorcar started to pull away he wound down his window and leaned out. With a boyish grin on his face, he shouted back at me: "And don't forget what I said about the match."




PART ONE
London

Chapter One

If the Devil brought it, the good Lord sent it right down to me,
Let the congregation join while I sing those lovin' Aunt Hagar's blues.
Aunt Hagars Blues 
J. T. Brymn & W. C. Handy

The early months of the year nineteen-twenty were, for me, the start of the Crazy Years. They were the years that for many saw the joy of victory with a capital V equal only to the misery of loss with a capital D. The years when the boys who had come back from the Front would realise how weak it had made them. The years that the women that had carried on in their place would come to understand their strength. 
I had returned to England in the sunshine of nineteen-eighteen with a heavy heart and sins that, like any good soldier, I had not signed up for. Surviving the thing, Id heard a chap say, wasnt necessarily the same as living. 
And so I naturally sought my fair share of release in the freedom. And free we were, we found, to fill the space we had in the middle with anything that would fit. 
So it was that, only days after landing in England, I dove into the bad stuff, as one does into the ocean.
I smoked all the cigarettes I could lay my hands on, drank all the cocktails I could afford and even wore a cocaine moustache for the bliss of it. I bought, boiled, brewed, stirred and devoured anything that came my way before breaking down and burning out. I took a duly long time to recover.
When I finally broke the surface and caught oxygen once more, I found that I had made some rather colourful debts to some equally charmless people. I took a job as a caf pianist to pay my way, and it was in doing so that I finally found my release in a new style of music. 
I found that the sounds and beats and notes and tones I played filled the empty centre far better that than any drink or drug had ever done.
Music was to me, from that moment on, the root of all things. I learned to play as a child and had thought in my younger days that I would even, one day, push keys and step pedals as Rachmaninoff, Mussorgsky and Tchaikovsky had done before me. Even during the sore years, I found that the part of my life that I devoted to playing the piano had not disappeared entirely.
After two years of playing hard and learning quickly, I became the Jack in Jack James and the Anklers, the finest jazz band, some were heard to say, in the great city of London.
And if, in the early stages of the year nineteen-twenty, you were asked to find me, you could have looked in worse places than in the musical corner of the Dodo Club.
The Dodo Club was a sharp place to be if you enjoyed popping champagne and dancing to Dardanella, which, like so many of the newest and brightest of the young set, I did. 
It was through the Dodo Club that I received my introduction to Jelly Roll Mortons ragtime and The Original Dixieland Jazz Bands jazz which would finally set me free of my demons. 
It was against the music that came from New Orleans and Chicago; the tinned brass, fat trombones and up-down-up-down left-hand regular ragtime rhythms that I found an edge on which I could hold on to. In the arms of these new tunes, far from brooding in the darkness, Jack James and The Anklers made the music that had all the crashers, dew-droppers, debs, dolls and dappers dancing until dawn. 



It was a cool, cloudless evening in the March of that year when everything changed. The club was half-full and the Anklers and I had been keeping everybody on their toes and nose-to-nose all night.
We had been playing it pretty straight for much of the night, but I had managed to sneak in a new Eddie Cantor number and it had gone down well. Flush with the success of it I had loosened the tie and had taken a break to sit down with an old friend. 
Jimmy Starley was an American band-leader and the richest son-of-a-bicycle-investor I knew. He had come over from the Continent the night before, after settling some business over there, and I was happy to sit down and enjoy a glass of something-or-other with the boy.
He wasnt taking it as well as one would hope, however. He was an animated sort and kept sloshing the wet-stuff all over the sleeves of my new best jacket. "Tell me, Jack," he drawled, his arms waving around like a tree would in a high wind, if you could imagine that the tree had had a skinful. "How have you been?"
"Ive been well, Jimmy. Here, mind your drink, wont you?" I brushed at my sleeve. 
"Still living the high life?"
"Absolutely."
"Still in the-apartment-to-end-all-apartments?"
"Absolutely."
He was referring, a little loudly, to a rather sharp place just south of the river that Jack James Snr had bought in a property frenzy and which he had never so much as opened the door of, for fear of depreciation. It had been a bit of a joke at the time, but looking back it was more than a shame.
"Absolutely," I replied. "Full of good records. Plenty of books. A view across the river youd break your fingers for." All musicians have a strange affection for fingers, I had come to realise, and Jimmy reminded me to be more sensitive about the subject.
"Sounds like a nice place, anyhow," he added. "I can see you there. Sitting back on one of your big British arm chairs, cigarette in one hand, brandy in the other, listening to Saxophobia like it was Beethovens Ninth."
"Sounds about right." I said. "Im usually just tapping away at the arms of the armchair, listening to Joplin. Anything other than what I should be doing."
"And whats that, friend?"
"Writing the next big thing."
"No, no, no," my friend said, waving his hands around again. I put my jacket somewhere safe. "Youve got things good here. Best you stay and ride the wave as long as you can."
"Come on Jimmy," I prompted. "Have you never thought about writing a song that you hear people humming in the street?"
"Scuse me, Jack?" He replied, pretending to be hurt and putting one hand over his heart. "Did I not hear you using one of my fills only this very evening? Dont tell me you thought I wouldnt notice all that action on the high end. Thats pure Jimmy."
"Well, alright." I said. "But you know what I mean."
"I do. And for that, Ill raise a toast to your next big hit. The Dodos Beak Blues." He laughed. "Here, did you drink all this?" He shook his empty glass, at me with a grin. "Better the next one should be on you. One more for the road?"
"Absolutely," I replied. "And then you need to tell me where you and the band are going this summer."
"The Grand European Tour," he replied. "Better make it two drinks. Ill need courage to describe what the boys smells like on the bus. You know what? You should come with us!"
"Maybe," I said. "But first Ill let you finish painting that picture." 
Jimmy laughed and, with a little difficulty, got up.
As I watched him beetle off in the somewhat direction of the bar I took the opportunity to peek about to the room to see who else was enjoying the evening beneath the wings of the bird. 
I had always felt that one could describe how the Dodo looked in just four words: Golden pools of light. But to really do it justice you had to describe who the Dodo was. 
In the corner, by the door, sat the owner. An ex-patriot Frenchman we called the Patron. His unwritten rule stated that he didnt mind who you were, or what you were up to, so long as you paid for your drinks, danced at little and left the place as you found it.
Sometimes, after we had closed our doors against the early morning light, he would tell stories of the Duke that he had once entertained here, and how he had prevented the band from playing anything too blue. We always joked that hed open up a royal tea shop if it would attract the upper set. But despite all our jokes, it was well known that the Patron could remember the face of everyone that walked into his club and what it was that they were after on their newest visit. Their drinks would come quickly, and the food prepared just how they liked it. There were, so it was understood, no exceptions.
In one of the darker corners I saw the Madame, the Patrons mistress-not-wife we all supposed, whispering applesauce to a mustachioed giant of a man. He had turned raspberry on a particular word and, bristling his whiskers, was taken away behind a curtain and I saw no more. There was a place for everything in the Dodo Club, the Patron would whisper to the newest of members, if you had the money and the inclination for it. 
On this evening, however, it was packed with good sorts. Some business men were charming clients by the stage. The drinks at the Dodo were reasonable and the mood was tempting. It was the best place in the city to make new friends. 
Some girls had come to show off their newest, shortest and flattest dresses. They were dropped in the waist and the hems rose week-on-week, which gave the boys much to look forward to in future.
And the boys had come for the girls. Groups of three or more were dotted around the place and stood up to press an elbow, dancing in pairs in fits-and-starts, which is how it usually went. Sitting back down they would order more drinks and as the night wore on the dances became shorter and the drinks more frequent.
And then I saw, in one of the private booths, a group of three that didnt fit the bill. It wasnt what they were doing that skipped a beat, so much as how they looked. It was difficult to imagine three people so ill-suited to a party. 
A stunning figure of about thirty was crushed between the thighs of two thugs. Her velvet-black hair was cropped stylishly and cut at an angle. Her face was pretty, but cruel, and I thought for a moment that she looked a little like Lilian Gish. From the neck down she faded into furs.
Her two partners were what I would call heavies. Looking like they had never been indoors before, never mind a place like this, they started at small and mean looking with a fixed expression of simmering anger, and ended at a doctor-whos-lost-his-way wearing a buttoned up coat and hair that bushed up around the ears. I took them to be the Titans to her Goddess. The standard-bearers to her Cleopatra. The potatoes to her chicken. 
But deciding it would be best not to be caught staring, I made to look away. Suddenly I hit upon a face I had been told never to forget. Sitting quietly in one of the booths opposite, was the man that I had met by the bandstand those many years ago. 
I wondered why I hadnt spotted him at once, and then I realised that he had blown out the candles on his table and had half-drawn the curtain across his booth. 
I had not seen him since that day before the Miracle at Marne but one had heard that he had had some part in the success. It was said that with his help six thousand extra soldiers were taken from the city to the action in Parisian taxis, to support the cause. But as soon as he had been well-known, he had been forgotten. No more reports carried his name and no newspapers followed up the story. Cranston Baxter had since disappeared into anonymity. 
with all this in mind, I decided to button up the j. and go over, while the opportunity lasted. 
On standing, however, I felt the earth sway a little, and wondered if I wasnt that much better off than Jimmy. However a cigarette soon steadied the self and, walking upright against the worst of it, I quickly found him sitting quite alone and quite privately. 
I saw that he was dressed rather conservatively, with a turned up collar and a too-smart-for-this-sort-of-place jacket. It was a uniform fit for a casual army. In the darkness, one could have mistaken him easily for Rudolph Valentino in one of his earlier roles.
"Hullo, there. You may not remember me, but I..." I started.
He took my free hand to wring it with two, sitting me down beside him, behind the curtain. "I remember you well, Jack. How do you do? You found your music, I see." 
I murmured something deprecating, as was always expected. I secretly loved doing this.
"Nothing of the sort," he said. "Have a drink." He waved the Patron over for a refill. The portly man saw us, extinguished his cigarette and, with grace, toed his way over to us to pop open a fresh bottle of champagne. 
"Oh!" He said in mock-horror. "But Monsieur your candles have gone all out. Permit me to..." He had taken out a small, solid gold cigarette lighter from his waistcoat pocket but Cranston had put his hand on the thing to stop him.
"No," Cranston urged. "Please. We are fine as we are."
"As you wish," the Patron replied with a curious nod, which was more like a shake of the head. He poured our drinks and danced back to his perch by the door.
"So tell me how youve been," Cranston asked, returning his gaze back to me once we had been left alone. He offered me the same searching look as he had those years ago, scanning me toes to nose as he spoke. 
"It was in Paris, yes?"
"It was."
"I owe you a match," he replied. 
"Thats right." I said, amazed at his remembrance of the scene.
"I dont usually keep any these days," he replied. "But Im glad you saw your way clear among the fortunate few."
"Yes." I said. "Likewise." I nodded my head on account of a reflex I couldnt name.
"But tell me of your family. Your father is well now?"
"He..." I started. "Im afraid he is no longer with us. Spanish flu, you know. Not, as you might say, among the fortunate few."
"I'm sorry to hear that."
"Thank you. He had a good innings, really, for one living like he did. You... You never mentioned your family. Are they well?"
"I couldnt say."
"Oh?"
"Im afraid I never knew them  such as they were. Orphan, really. One of those Bohemian childhoods you were singing about earlier, as a matter-of-fact."
"Really?"
"That's right. Travelled a lot to start with. Place to place, people to people... "
He trailed off, somewhat, looking at a spot over my shoulder towards, I supposed, the meat-and-two-veg sitting in the opposite booth. 
"Tell me," he said suddenly. "What is the-apartment-to-end-all-apartments really like?"
"You heard that?" I laughed. "Well, It was just my friends way of I looked around suddenly. "You know, Ive quite abandoned him." I looked around again to see if he was still beetling.
"Will he miss you?"
"Oh, I dont think so. Hes a good chap but hes a band leader so hell sleep in the street as long as its free. Im sure hell find me in the morning. But as to the apartment, yes. Its rather a nice place, really. Lucky to have it. Why do you ask?"
"Why did he ask?" Cranston asked curiously.
"Small talk, I imagine. Perhaps hes looking to buy the place off me one of these days... Ive been told its rather spotty."
"Spotty?" He laughed.
"The rooms." I said.
"Ah. Thats good news. Because, you see, I think Im in need of somewhere spotty."
"Im afraid Im not looking to sell, Cranston. Sentiment and all that."
"No, no. Not at all. I..." He said. Listen He stopped suddenly, wincing a little as I lit a cigarette, before relaxing again as I put out the match.
"Are you alright?" I asked.
"Yes. Im fine," he replied enigmatically before continuing. "Listen," he repeated. "Im not one to mix business and the other, but I feel youre a man that might help another out."
"Trust the man beside you, Cranston." I repeated.
"Exactly," he said, smiling. "You see, I need somewhere rather sharp to finish a thing, and Im ashamed to admit that I have no place of my own. I live in hotels mostly and it wont do. Not this time."
"Can I ask what sort of a thing?"
"Bad business, really. You see, I rather make a living by knowing a sort and Im putting myself on the line by thinking that I can trust you. I can trust you cant I?" 
He looked at me solemnly, and I took this as a sign to make my mark. I nodded. 
"Okay," he said. "You remember that evening. The car. The girl?" 
I nodded my head. "A little, she had long dark hair. A good sort"
"Shes not a good sort anymore. Shes cut her hair. And shes sitting across the room." I followed his eye-line and with no great surprise saw that he was referring to the girl in furs.
"Yes, Id seen her. Bit out of place, wouldnt you say?"
"I would." Cranston said, pulling something from his jacket pocket. "She sent this to my hotel, this evening." He held out a small matchbook.
"She sent you a matchbook? Why?"
"Thats the question. Read it." 
I took the thing from him and lifted the cover. I broke off one of the matches, striking it to read in the darkness. Cranston shifted in his seat. I held the flame close to the thing, finding upon it a single line of writing, which I read out loud:

Therell be a bad trio at the club tonight  playing La Marseillaise.

Cranston closed the matchbook and took it from me. As he did so I saw that its cover bore the familiar words: The Dodo Club, London.
"Well," I said, shaking out the match as he pocketed the object once more. "There they are."
"I dont think so," Cranston said. "I dont think shes the kind of person to refer to herself as a"
"Rotten egg?" I suggested.
"I think theyre waiting for somebody."
"So what do you need me for?" I asked.
"I need to draw this other chap out. I need to send her somewhere else, on different terms."
"So you want them to go to my apartment?"
"Thats right. If it suits."
"I cant say it suits, but" I took a second and made a decision. "Okay. Okay, Cranston, Im game. You want me out of the way. Consider it done. Just dont mess the place up."
"Oh no," he said. "You misunderstand. I need you to be there too."
"What for?"
"Its crucial. Part of it. Crucial. Are you up for it?"
"Absolutely. Bit of adventure." I said. "That sort of thing never hurt anybody." 
"Great." He said, leaving me to think that my irony was somewhat lost in translation. "Whats the address?"
"Bermondsey Mansions. Flat 4A." 
Cranston took out a moleskin notebook and a pencil. In clear writing he jotted down the address before tearing the page neatly out. He stuffed the notebook and pencil back in his pocket and carefully folded the torn-out page into quarters.
"Perfect." He said, fixing his gaze upon the opposite booth once more. "Listen, call the Patron over. I must buy you another drink. Im afraid Im about to ruin your evening."

Chapter Two

Some were small and some were tall: Long or wide or low,
But the best one of them all Jack built long ago,
Twas built in bygone days,
Yet millions sing its praise.
The Love Nest 
Louis A. Hirsch & Otto Harbach 

"Who was the starched shirt?" Asked Jimmy. 
Cranston had just found the Patron on the other side of the room as the drinks were being placed on our table. Jimmy had seemingly heard the cork pop from across the room and made his way over to help me empty the bottle.
"Chap called Cranston." I replied. "Cranston Baxter. A sound chap. Youd like him. He was a big fish in the war for us."
Jimmy handled a glassful of champagne up to his mouth. "Funny sorta name," he said, staring into his wine as he drank it down. "Still, not quite as Jimmy Gallant Starley," he added, I thought, generously. "So he's a friend of yours?"
"Absolutely At least I dont know." 
"Well, thats  how do you say it over here  clear as mud?"
"Yes, thats the stuff." I replied, not really paying much attention. My gaze had drifted from the corner in which Cranston had disappeared, to the stoney trio, and then to the stage. Our resident singer, a charmer by the name or Eloise, was entertaining the dancers with Some fine day, from The Night Boat, which I still hadn't seen.
All of a sudden a strange impatience came over me and I stood up. I left Jimmy behind with my excuses and went to find out what was going on with Cranston. 
I passed by tables of the drinkers-now-not-dancers and some large, threateningly hoary-eyed chaps at the bar, who were drowning themselves in the strong stuff. 
I even caught the Madame smoothing out her dress as she left one of the booths, before finally catching sight of the Cranston and the Parton through the window of the far door.
They were deep in conversation out in the street. I made to hot-toe over to them to get in on the thing. As I got closer I saw Cranston hand the Patron the note he had written only moments before. 
"I will tell them," I heard the Patron say before tapping the piece of paper to his temple. "You expect them soon?"
My friend was about to reply, but at that moment a crashing sound came from the middle of the club. I turned around and saw that the potatoes had overturned their table and were threatening the Madame with some energy.
 The door crashed open and Cranston and the Patron burst in. "Arrter!" the old man cried. "Que faites-vous?"
"Cest nest pas votre affair," the priest-like-man cried at the Patron in perfect French.
"Here," I asked Jimmy, who came up to stand by me as we watched the action. "What happened?"
"They were just talkin," he said. "The Madame said something about this not being a hotel. You know, I dont think theyve bought a drink between them all evening."
Suddenly the meaner of the two grabbed the Madame and threw her to the ground. The girl  with the dark hair had darted across the room and was out of the far door in a flash. Knowing when their time had come, her chaps made to follow her.
Cranston, however, was past me and at them like a bullet and before I had even turned around he had laid knuckles on the smaller chaps chin. 
Stumbling, he crashed to the deck with a force that I swear shook the walls. The second chap went at Cranston with a bottle in his hand. But I quickly grabbed the back of a nearby chair and threw it at the bottlers legs. He was satisfyingly caught up in the thing like wool is between fingers and he landed face first into the carpet and stayed there resolutely. 
"Come on," said Cranston, grabbing my arm. "Its time to go."
I did not need a second opinion. With a last nod to the Patron, who nodded back, panting with exhilaration and shrugging his shoulders, Cranston led the way out of the club. 
"I love this place," I heard Jimmy say, just as the band and staff saw fit to lay into the two bodies that were slowly starting to get up again. We were, at the Dodo Club, nothing if not protective of the nest.



"What was all that about?" I asked. 
We had jumped into the first taxi that had come our way and were shortly heading southwards down Leicester Square. Cranston looked thoughtful. For a while he silently stared out of the window, but soon enough he turned to face me. 
"After the war," he started, as if confessing something shameful. "I sort of kept at it." 
He looked back out of the window and frowned. He turned to me once more. "You know those whispers during the fighting? The stories of people spying on the enemy. Actually going over to the other side and getting involved?"
"Yes," I replied. It had been said that we had had chaps in dark places trying to match themselves against the worst of their lot. Sending messages back and doing pretty heroic stuff. These days, every man could name Leon Dabo, Georges Ladoux and, of course, Mata Hari. 
"You were involved?" I asked.
"Not in the start," he said. "But towards the end of the war, and since, Ive been employed to keep an eye out for certain people. A couple of weeks ago I was at the Conference of London."
"The Conference of London?" I asked. I had read a little about it from the papers, of course, but I wanted the scoop.
"The leaders of Italy and France came over to talk to the Prime Minister about how they should deal with the territorial fallout since the Armistice." He said. "Who owns where, which border is ruled by so-and-so... A political nightmare. We felt it would be good to keep an eye on the proceedings."
We had turned East at this point, carrying along the Strand before finally turning southwards to cross Blackfriars Bridge.
"After this note arrived tonight, it seemed that somebody was trying to tell me something. I was at the Dodo tonight to find who, what and why. We managed only to find out who. So there we are." He stopped, just as the taxi came up to some familiar iron gates. 
Victorian-dressed-as-moderne, Bermondsey Mansions towered over the river like it was a stream. With its curves and its elongated, decorative, windows, it was as close to a skyscraper as London would allow and it had been my home since my return two years ago.
Cranston paid the taxi fare and I jumped out to give a good tug on the great iron pull. I heard the distant bell ring in its regular way. 
Out of the main doors, Cole emerged. The young but prepared porter, took well-practiced strides towards the lock and after a swift manoeuvre the gate swung inwards and we were welcomed in. 
"Evening Sir, a new friend, I see."
"Yes, Cole. A pal of mine from the war, Cranston Baxter. Make sure hes always welcome."
"Pleasure to meet you, Sir." Said the buttoned-up boy, holding out a quickly-ungloved hand.
"Likewise," Cranston offered, shaking it firmly.
"Ill call the lift, Sir, shall I? I do it..." 
He pushed the gate together with a satisfyingly resolute click and, leading the way, he walked across the stone courtyard and into the lobby of the old bed-bath-and-three. 
"Its a rare thing," he continued proudly. "Fitted just last month and helped us out no end when the Lewis's on the third floor simply had to have mahogany. Shame we didnt have it for your piano, Sir!"
 "Incidentally," said up Cranston once we were in the cage and taking to the fourth. "Well be expecting some guests. A young lady and a man, probably."
"Oh, really?" Said Cole suggestively, who hadnt yet learned that timeless and premier quality  subtlety. 
"Yes," my friend continued, catching me in the eye and addressing me directly. "They wont give their names, but theyll ask for me." He turned again to Cole. "Would you show them up?"
"Of course, Sir. If..." The porter offered a glance towards the self. "If its alright with you?"
"It would be kind of you, Cole." I confirmed.
"Of course, Sir. Here you are then, fourth floor. Good evening, Gentlemen."
I tipped my hat and Cranston tipped him a shilling. "Thank you!" Cole said, before the lift doors closed and he descended back to base.
"Good sort for a rook," said Cranston to himself as much as to anybody. 
I unlocked the door and invited him in. The hallway of the place lead into the main expanse of the living room, which is where I spent most of my time. A fire lay cold at base of one wall but the place was comfortably warm. Opposite the fireplace was another wall, full of books and a well-funded, carefully selected collection of records which sat nearby a new gramophone and an old piano. A living suite of modern and sharp design surrounded the hearth and another, my favourite, chair sat with its back to the door, next to the wireless and drinks cab., exactly opposite to a small dining table and chairs in the far corner. 
The eye, however, was always drawn to the large semi-circular window that took up the fourth side, to the North. Fifteen feet high at its peak, it curved down at the edges to a modest six. At the centre, a pair of French doors allowed access to a balcony with plenty of space for entertaining and, I had been happy to prove, dancing. All this, within the gaze of Tower Bridge and her associates.
"A legacy indeed," Cranston said, immediately examining the window, which is what everybody did.
"Drink?" I offered, opening a bottle.
"Please, something stiff." 
I decanted some whisky and soda into a pair of crystals, and joined him at the window, passing one over.
"I feel I can trust you, Jack," he said, answering a question that hadnt been asked.
"I would like to think I am trust-worthy," I replied.
"You dont seem too worried about the kind of trouble youre in."
"You havent told me what sort of trouble Im in, yet." 
"One of our guests" Cranston started. "A woman. Devastating at it. I need you to play a crucial role in finding out what she has to say." 
I drank a little and waited for the blow. 
"Anything." I said, eventually, when nothing came.
"I need you to position yourself somewhere within earshot and note down everything that goes on. Every word that it said."
"Eavesdrop?" I said, feeling that this wasnt as grand a plan as I had imagined it would be. "Thats a bit of a poor show, Cranston, dont you think?"
"Oh, yes. But thats the way of it. Without going into details, its necessary that we record everything she says and how she says it. If youre with me on this, and I think you are, you will believe me when I say it is of national, even worldly importance." 
I was rather knocked by this and took a sip of my drink. A few moments passed while I thought about this and he, kindly, let me.
"Can I ask one question?" I said, finally.
"Of course," he replied.
"Why here?"
"Like I said," he started. "Im in a hotel at the moment. As nice as it is Ive learned the hard way that they arent the safest of places. They are specifically designed to welcome strangers. Besides it would be far too public a place for an interrogation."
Its an Interrogation now is it?" I said, grinning. 
"Yes. Very much so," he replied. "I wonder  have you got any wine?"
"I have a few bottles. What type?"
"Red. Old. French. Would you open it now? Set it down there on the dining table. They wont be long. What music would you suggest?"
"What does she like?" I asked
"Modern music I imagine."
"Quite stylish?" 
"Pretentious." 
"Better be Stravinsky, then." I unsleeved a record and, on placing it on the turntable, introduced the needle to it carefully. "The Firebird." I told Cranston, as I went to get the wine.
As the first few cryptic bars filled the room, we heard the bell ringing. 
"That will be them, take this." He handed me his notebook and pencil. "Hide on the balcony."
"Wait," I asked suddenly. "Whos the other chap?"
"I have absolutely no idea, but I think he broke in to the French Embassy. Quick, find somewhere to hide. And Jack?"
"Yes?" I called, opening the French doors and walking out onto the balcony.
"If ever you listened, with your entire body, to a thing, make it tonight."



A minute later I was crouching outside on the expanse of balcony, tucked-in behind a rather overgrown dieffenbachia that I had set out on the balcony for a breath of air the previous Sunday. I looked down at the notebook in my hand and rifled through it, looking for an empty page. Eyes closed, I slowly tuned out the distant lapping of the Thames. I ignored the sound of Stravinsky and heard a knock at the door. I heard Cole speak. The door opened.
"Your guests for you, Mr..."
"Cranston Baxter."
"Always a pleasure," came the womans reply. Her accent tinkled with American tin, and drawled with bootleg booze. And yet, it was refined, cultured and ultimately dismissive.
"Thank you, Cole." Said Cranston to the porter.
"S nothing, Sir. Good evening." I heard the door close.
"And what are you calling yourself these days?" Asked Cranston.
"I always use my real name around those I trust," she said. "So you can keep calling me Elizabeth. I use the name for all my new acquaintances."
"It suits you." Said Cranston, with an edge to his voice, before once more reverting to welcoming tones.
I took the opportunity to scribble down the name and dare a peak through the leaves of the plant to see what was going on. Cranston was now standing by the record player and by the fireplace stood the girl I had seen in the Dodo. Unwrapping the furs from her frame, I saw that she was wearing a black dress of daring design. On her wrist sat a heavy diamond bracelet that, even from this distance, one could see could sink a ship. 
Her partner, however, looked like a bank clerk. Slightly shorter than she, he wore dark and old fashioned clothes. He was unshaven, and he carried an expression of misery and contempt.
"Always the charmer," Elizabeth said. "Might I introduce Ricard Mortier? The third of our little trio, you might say." I snuck back into the shadows and scribbled down his name too.
 "I must say youve brought us to a fine place." She continued. "It was kind of the Patron to deliver your invitation. Its not exactly a Swiss cottage, but the effect is... nice. And I thought you were booked in at Claridges. Stravinsky as well? You are trying hard." From behind the plant pot I smirked, somewhat. I was starting to think that Cranston wasnt so ducky when it came to the finer things.
"Youve been following some friends of mine," said Mortier in a deep French accent that I was sure made Igor skip, "Id like you to stop."
"Youve been busy," said Cranston. "Tell me, what business would it be that brought you here on the twelfth of February? Still breaking into embassies, or have you moved on?"
"We I have moved on, Mr. Baxter."
"We have moved on? Just how many are there in your little family."
"Boys" Interrupted Elizabeth. "Lets not rush past the pleasantries... I love the pleasantries..." 
"Of course," Cranston responded. I heard the sound of the chairs moving and I imagined him guiding them in. 
"So you came to London, you wander around for a few days and then you burn down the French Embassy. Im afraid I dont see the logic."
"I do not expect you to," laughed the Frenchman. "I am not doing it for you."
"So who are you doing it for?"
"I did not come here to answer your questions, Mr. Baxter. I came to offer you a courtesy. Your life is in danger, but it does not need to be so. I would prefer you to live to a very old age, but for this to happen you must leave my friends and myself alone."
"Shall I assume youre here to ask for some sort of deal, Ricard?"
"We came from the city of lights." Elizabeth cut in. "I find L'Hexagone calms the soul in the spring-time, dont you?" I heard the striking of a match.
"Thank you," said Cranston insincerely.
"After all this time?" Elizabeth replied.
"France reminds me too much of the war. Do you remember the war?"
"You know I do."
"I know you do. Wine?"
"Thank you, I prefer..."
"Red, yes."
"Im actually off red..."
"Enough," said Mortier. "It is enough that we are here and that I think you already know too much." As much as Elizabeth was a card to Cranston, she was, it seemed, a doll to Mortier. 
"And what a mansion house it is," Elizabeth offered, almost consolingly I thought.
 I jotted down the back-and-forth about the war and heard Cranston pour some wine into glasses. 
"If you are asking me to stop, because you are afraid I will stop you Cranston started. "Then I wonder why you came here at all." He finished pouring and I heard him place the bottle back onto the table.
"Cant you both just clap em shut," Elizabeth said. "The wine French isnt it?"
"Yes."
"Ive actually had enough of French wine," she repeated.
"Then pretend it is Spanish!" Cranston barked. "You are here not because of what you want, but because of what I want and what I want is to know what you were both doing since the Conference of London."
"Unfinished business." Mortier murmured, almost inaudibly.
"Which would be..." Cranston asked. I scribbled unfinished business and all that rot about the wine.
"Making right some things made wrong by the war," Mortier said, much more clearly. "Not all those that were guilty, were punished."
"You were at the conference for that? International revenge? Against who?"
"You dare to think I would tell you?"
"Yes," Cranston replied. "I do."
"I know things about that Conference that would turn em green..." Elizabeth said. Turn who green? I wondered, and wrote down that bit too.
"Lloyd George? Nitti?" Cranston asked.
"Of course." She replied.
"Millerand?" He asked again.
"Abso..."
"Enough!" Mortier cried and I heard the chair screech away from the table.
"Enough! You have tried my patience too much. Will you stop your questions and your spying or will you not?" I dared another peek through the leaves and saw that the Frenchman had drawn a gun. I shivered a little and felt childish.
"I would have given you better credit than to threaten a Professional Gentleman with a gun," said Cranston, standing. "This conversation is being recorded. You will be caught at the border. You will be arrested and you will be hung. I will not tell you again. Put away your gun." 
An eternity passed. I saw my friend stoically looking down the barrel of Mortiers gun as if it were an inconvenience at best. 
But then all eyes were on Elizabeth. She stood up, slowly, smoothed her hands down her dress  all the way down  and stood in front of Mortier and addressed him directly. "Lets not play with these, Ricard." She placed her hand on the revolver. "Its no fun at all. Quite tiresome really, all the cleaning." She shuddered at the thought.
"Your fate is your own, Mr. Baxter." Mortier said finally, pocketing the weapon. "Elizabeth, I am afraid you were mistaken. There was no good in coming here. We are leaving now. Mr. Cranston Baxter, I am sure I will not see you again."
I heard the door slam shut. I felt frozen. A long silence was broken only by the capture of The Firebird. 
Suddenly, three taps came from the French doors and I saw Cranston throw them open. 
"Get up and show me everything!" He said excitedly. "I want to know what she was actually saying."

Chapter Three

Bright eyes I know you so well,
Bright eyes what secrets you tell,
I can't believe a word you say, 
Your eyes are traitors, they give you away.
Bright Eyes 
Harry B. Smith, Otto Motzan & M. K. Jerome

The room felt warmer than it had done before my stint on the balcony. One could almost see sparks crackling around the room from the conversation that had ended only moments before. A floral scent hung in the room at eye level and its effect was to give one the sense of the room having been topped and tailed by one of the new Impressionists. 
I rubbed goose bumps away from my arms and closed the French doors behind me. Crossing the room I turned the record over to play the final movement.
I crossed the room again and purposefully knelt down by the fire to strike a match against the kindling, which crackled into flame. I sat down cross-legged and bared my palms to the heat as it flickered. "So," I said, after all this. "What on earth was that all about?" 
I heard Cranston pour a pair of drinks and take a chair beside the flickering fire. He turned the chair around to face the window.
"Let me fill in the gaps for you." He sipped his drink slowly. "Elizabeth has short dark hair and noticeably bright blue eyes." He halted for a moment or two. 
"I saw as much." I added. "She was at the Dodo. She was the filling of a bad sandwich. Her two friends are the chaps that tried to sort you out a new chin."
"Tonight she was wearing a sharp black dress and, I think, stolen diamonds. We dont know her real name and I dont think shes ever never needed to use it. Perhaps she alone knows the nouns she was given at the font."
"Then why do you call her..." I consulted the moleskin notebook.
"Elizabeth St Chiste?" Said Cranston. "She knows why."
"Well, then, how do you know her? From the war?"
"Yes. We go back a long way." I saw him raise his arm and drink deeply from his glass. On seeing that he brought it down empty I stood up and took it from him to refill it.
"She used to work for us." Cranston said. "Helped us out no end in the earlier years. But then she got caught. Things turned nasty and she starting working for herself. The first time was Paris in nineteen-eighteen, three months before the Armistice. But the last time was a year later when she was under the coin of a French industrialist who had certain preferences on how the spoils of war would fall. Her commission was, as far as I could discover, to convince his political opponents that they wouldnt, in fact, appose. This is why the Conference of London is so interesting. Its the same sort of business. Thats why shes involved Im sure. She has history in the game."
"How do you mean? What did she do?"
"Well," He said, thanking me for the refill and staring out of the window. "Her idea was to sway things Frances way by, through a certain English parliamentary member whom shed coerced, flattered, seduced, or all three, claiming that every major British industrialist during that time was, in some way or another, what we would now call a war profiteer... She threatened them with public exposure. I was initially consulted to see if I could discredit her and level the treat, on the caveat that the member of parliament remain whiter than white."
"What happened?"
"Unfortunately, it turned out that what she was claiming was, in its entirety, true."
He took another drink. "Happens more often than youd think. The Frenchman is now the largest importer of a certain brand of intoxicating grape." He shook his glass at me.
I connected the statement. "She said she was off French wine!"
"Exactly. She was hinting that shes moved on in the world. To bigger things, perhaps."
"Why were you consulted in the first place? History in the game?" I smiled and he shrugged.
"Thats a much bigger story. After the business at Marne, I was often involved in matters of that sort. They thought I had a certain way with people." He put an odd accent on the word that I couldnt place. "A way of keeping an eye on the bigger picture," he continued. "I was able to help with a few matters before the peace came. I am still, unofficially, connected to the British Government."
"Espionage?"
"Something quite like that, yes."
"And its through this that you knew that Elizabeth was in London?"
"I noticed her in the Savoy last month. All changed inside, you know. Amazing place. Anyway, I was trying to find a moment alone with her, but then she moved on. And then I got my note. She must have seen me too. When I saw at the Dodo that she was with a couple of guys who werent being very chatty, I thought it would be a better idea to find out who it was she was meeting. When that looked like a fools errand, I asked the Patron to give her the invitation to meet me here. Read it all out again." He said, crossing the room to the cabinet for his third. "She was leaving clues in there, Im sure of it." 
"How do you know?" I asked. "It all sounded pretty ordinary to me."
"You didnt notice the breaks? The strange clicks in the pace? No. It wasnt ordinary. She was throwing lifelines."
"I think I know what you mean. All that stuff about Switzerland. But why would she help us? Surely shes part of it," I paused. "Whatever it is... I confess Im totally lost here, Cranston."
"Okay, to bring it back to what we know. One  yes, shes a bad sort. Dont trust her with your life, or your money. Two  yes, shes in London again and up to no good thing. But three  this Mortier frightens her. I think shes up to her neck in his business and she wants out. Otherwise she wouldnt have gotten in the way of me and the gun. He pulled a gun on me, you know." He took a drink. "Bastard." He sat back down in his chair. 
I read out all I had written.
"I got his name: Ricard Mortier." I said. "Ever heard of him?"
"Not at all. And that isnt comforting." Cranston answered. "Go on."
"Fine place. Swiss cottage. Claridges. Stravinsky. Trying too hard. Ah," I said, "glad she appreciated the music." Cranston smirked. "Interested in his business. Arrived twelfth of February. How did you know that by the way?" 
"It was the first day of the Conference," he said simply. "Bit of a risk in hindsight, but there you are."
"LHexagone," I continued. "Remember the war. Know you do." I snuck a glance at Cranston but I saw no obvious reaction so I continued reading. "Red wine. Not French. Liked the flat. Clap em shut French isnt it. Exclamation mark."
"Wait," Cranston said suddenly. "Go back a bit I dont remember that bit about her liking the flat." 
"Yes" I replied, showing him the notes. "She said it was grand. Nice and big. That sort of thing."
"Right" He said, tentatively. "Go on."
"Okay Unfinished business. Dare to think Ill tell you. Elizabeth knows things that will turn them green. Lloyd George. Nitti. Millerand. Enough. Stop questions and spying. Lets not play with guns. No fun. Tiresome. Cleaning. Fate is your own. No good to come. And Will not see you again."
Once I had finished I passed him the notebook and opened a new packet of my flat Murad cigarettes for a job well done. I lit one and flicked the spent match into the fire.
"See. Theres nothing in it." I stated. "Shes said nothing at all."
"Its a possibility." Cranston replied. "But I make it a habit to never disregard the intellect or vanity of somebody who thinks they are clever. If they have the opportunity to show you what you are missing, or tell you exactly how youve failed to corner them, theyll take the chance to go as far as practically tell you. Its very often the only risk theyll take. I have absolutely no doubt that since receiving my invitation this evening, shes been preparing what to say down to vowels."
"Thats a bit rich, Cranston!"
"Think of it this way. If she wanted me to know nothing, why would she risk coming at all? I could have had anybody hiding on that balcony." He tipped his glass towards to the French doors and then consulted the dogged ears of the notebook. "Lets see. LHexagone... Thats odd."
"She means France." I offered. "Its what they..."
"Its how the natives refer to France on account of how they are taught to draw the country as children, yes," he finished, I thought, quite unnecessarily. "But she was referring to Paris, not France. You wouldnt refer to London as The Sceptred Isle, would you?"
"No, I suppose not." I said, honestly.
"Bit about the wine... Unfinished business..."
"Meaning theyve come back to something shes already started?"
"Absolutely," he replied. "Youve circled American accent. Why?"
"Oh!" I said, remembering. "It must have been the way she said something. It felt... forced."
"Very good! What was it?"
"Oh... I dont know. I think shed ruined a word or two." I was thoughtful and checked the notebook over his shoulder. "Thats it, something about turning em green."
"She said she knew things that would turn em green," Cranston said in mock-American. I felt the drinks were working. 
"The Prime minister?"
"Perhaps," he said in an offhand way. "But I think its more lateral than that. She did it again later on, youve noted."
"Did I? When?" I asked, thinking back.
"Clap them shut?" He said, with a confused expression. "You underlined it. Didnt she say clap em shut?"
"Thats right!" I said, excitedly. 
"But," Cranston faltered. "Where does that get us?" 
"Not sure what you mean by us," I said, quietly.
"Clap em? Clap what? Clap who?" Cranston stood up and held the notebook up to better light.
"I mean," I pondered. "You dont think she meant Clapham Common, do you?" 
Cranston froze and looked at me. 
"That would work for Turn em, wouldnt it?" I added. "Turnham Green."
"Yes That could be it." He paced around the chair, skimming through the notes. "Look, another one! Swiss Cottage."
"Are there any more?" I asked, trying to think back.
"No, I... I dont think so," he replied.
"Wait, what was it you said before about the flat? You said that she didnt say she liked it, but I could swear that she did."
"She didnt say she liked your flat," he said, slamming his drink down mercilessly on my side table. "Damn it, she said Id brought her to a mansion house."
"Clapham, Turhnam Green, Swiss Cottage and Mansion House. They are all Tube stations," he added. "They are all areas of London."
"Good lord," I replied. "What does that mean?"
"It means one of two things." He replied. "Either these are the locations of further break-ins Or it means that these are something else." His face fell, as if he didnt like the idea. "And we will have to figure it out."
"You mentioned a break-in earlier." I said. "The French Embassy? You suspect that Mortier chap, Im sure, but he is French. Whats the motive?"
"It was two nights ago."
"A robbery?" I asked.
"It seems that it wasnt. Nothing recorded as taken but broken into and set fire to afterwards. The papers have been told not to report anything."
"You can do that?" I asked.
"Those that we work for can." He said, enigmatically.
"You see, Cranston." I started. "Youre saying things like we and us and I think youre forgetting that Im just here because you needed my flat."
He sat down. "Jack, things arent really what they were. Before the war I mean." He swallowed. "Its not just soldiers that are ending up on the front line. In these times of information, coercion and, as youve seen tonight, attempted seduction, a man needs to know that he can trust the people by his side. Whats more," he said, standing again. "I feel I might want help with this one."
"Cranston..." I started. "I dont want to get messed up in any of this. The guy pulled a gun on you tonight and I was worried an hour ago about getting gin on my jacket. I dont want to get involved."
"Youre already involved," he replied.
"Im sorry." I said. "This is as far as this goes. Helping out a friend in need is a very different thing to having a desire to become part of international espionage or government something."
"You heard what he said, Jack. Your fate is your own." 
"He was talking to you," I corrected. "And we arent really looking to the guy for advice are we? Dont manipulate me."
These last three words resonated around the room. I was reminded of Wagners Tristan chord, a low deep, melancholic chord that, once hit, starts at your ankles and keeps going up.
"Think of it this way." Cranston continued. "I can look at a man and after asking him the time of day tell you where hes from, roughly what he earns in a year and if hes telling the truth about the time. Alternatively, put me in a crowded room and I can lead you out through the best exit under cover of fire. But in this new age of high-society I think I need a chap on my side who knows what music to put on to flatter a woman hes never even met." 
"Dont toy with me Cranston. I know what I do best and it's not this sneaking around sort of stuff."
"Somebody who knows about starlets and show tunes," he said. "Somebody who knows what the hell the Cupboard of Dr. Caligula is."
"The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari. Dont be obvious, Cranston. You wont win me over by making yourself out to be hopeless."
"Jack," he said, sincerely. "I need you on this."
"Look, I cant. Really." I stood and tried to shake the head clear. "Im being perfectly honest when I say I dont actually know what youre asking of me, but Im dead serious when I tell you Im not your man. I play music, I drink, I sleep. I occasionally eat between shows, but not necessarily every day. I have good friends and good music and thats how I like it. So, thats my life now and Im perfectly happy with it." 
I finished quite well, I thought, and to put the nail in the coffin I lit another cigarette before turning off the gramophone.
"I hope Ive done some good tonight," I added. "But I think this is where it ends, dont you?" I was aware that I had been the only one to talk for a while now. Cranston was staring out of the window. 
"Perhaps Ill see you at the Dodo." I said. "The next time you are in town?"
"I cant say I blame you..." He said quietly. "However, I do want you to think about it."
"Theres nothing you can..." 
"Just listen," he interrupted. "If you find that things change, you can reach me here." He jotted something down in the notebook and slipped it into my inner jacket pocket. 
"Just let me ask you something. You come back from playing in the club. Youve met a few people and had a good time. You come back here and its four in the morning. What have you accomplished?"
"Listen here," I said, feeling a bit sharp.
"Now dont get me wrong. Its a fine life. But is it really what youre made for... Thats all Im saying. Thanks for the drink." He looked at the bottle. "Drinks," he added. He shook my hand, walked across the room and closed the door behind him.
I heard the lift come up, open up its doors to him with a bing and take him away. 
I stood for a few moments and swore as often as I could. Despite my better judgement I was finding it difficult to shake a feeling. My time in the war was undoubtedly my lowest, but one had to agree that they were, for the quality of my efforts, my best. It was the sacrifice we all gave. That we would all suffer for those we loved, and would do so as long as we could. But those days were over now. Hadnt I done my part? Hadnt I done enough to deserve a life in peace time too?
As one does in difficult times, I thought of my father. We all measure ourselves against our fathers, and I felt that I fell quite short of where Id have liked to have been marked. Nearing thirty, unmarried, living in a house the chap himself had bought. 
Having broken my classical-embargo already this evening, I turned to Rachmaninov for divine inspiration. Placing the needle of the player onto the first groove of the his Prelude in C-sharp minor, I was transported to a place of deeper meaning. The alternate bass notes contradicted the melody then turned suddenly supportive. I felt he was making a fair point, so I let it run on. 
Lighting what I told myself would be the last cigarette of the night, but which tasted the same cigarette as the one before, I took a deep pull and took off my jacket. Rolling it up like a pillow, I placed it under my head and laid down by the dying fire, staring directly into it. As Rachmaninov hammered on to the base notes with his full weight, I fell into a deep and uneasy sleep.
Hours, or days, later  as I was trying to drag a familiar face from the faceless men that came across the sky  I woke up with a start to the shrill alarm of the telephone. I rubbed my eyes and got up.
"What... Hullo?" I answered.
"Hey man, its Jimmy."
"Jimmy... What... Hullo. How dyou do?"
"Yeah. Good. Hey Jack  can I sleep over at your place?"
"Its late Jimmy." I yawned, wondering just how late. "Cant you catch a bunk at the Dodo? Theres a room in the attic where they..."
"Fraid not, Jack," he interrupted. "Listen, Im meant to tell you. The place was set on." 
"What? Set on what?" I replied, wondering at the quality of the line.
"Set on, man. Set on fire, you know? Its been burned down."
 "Sure" I said, stunned. "Come over." I placed the telephone back into its cradle. 
In a bit of a haze I walked to the window and opened up the French doors and walked out onto the balcony. I stared North West, expecting to see the same scenes as in 1666. I saw nothing, which, I thought, was worse. I lit another cigarette and swore loudly. I swore again and my eyes watered against the cold night air.
Back in the room I heard the needle of the gramophone brushing up against the paper centre of the record, as it turned around and around and around and around.

Chapter four

Like a dream she soon was gone,
But her spell still lingers on,
It was in a Persian market,
I found love and lost my heart.
In A Persian Market
Albert W. Ketelbey

"What are you going to do now?" Jimmy asked with a wide yawn.
"Well, I have lots of songs Id like to finish," I lied. Lots of books to read and all sorts of Dont worry about me. Once the insurance pays out and they fix up the place, Ill be back at it like I always was."
We were travelling on the tube the next morning, back up to the nest to mourn the Mother bird. And so it was, that bracing ourselves against the harsh morning cold that we found the smouldering shell of the Dodo Club, making a brave effort to stay standing. 
Some policemen came over to us and took pleasure in asking us a few Qs once they had discovered that we were a little connected to the events of the previous night. Yes, we had been here. No, we werent here when the fire started. Yes, I know who it might have been. 
I tried my hardest to describe the two men I had seen the night before, without resorting to zoological phraseology. 
Jimmy, in his turn, confirmed everything that I had said as true, and added that they hadnt gone down easily, and that they had probably done it out of some 'low down fever'.
A sudden chill blew in from the North and I wrapped up against it. Doing so I felt Cranstons notebook dig in to my ribs and I pulled it out.
A much deeper chill ran through me as I remembered Cranstons final words the night before: If you find that things change, you can reach me here. 
I slid out his note from between the back page and the cover and unfolded it. In a steady hand he had written the words: London Library. Ten OClock. A terrible thought crossed my mind. I checked my watch. It was half-past nine. 



I left Jimmy with a word or two of half-apology and jumped into the next taxi that was free. The thing set off and after a short trip, tilted into St. Jamess Square. I saw the grand faade of the library come into view. The Greek Revival style wasn't so uncommon on this side of the Thames but I felt that it served as a suitable wrapper for a timeless collection of books, sitting on around fifteen miles of open shelving.
I knocked on the door and was welcomed into the building in a suitable style. After passing through numerous empty rooms and asking a few timid scholars if they'd seen a bounder come by, I found Cranston in the map room pouring over a paper copy of the city.
"Ah  Jack! Good to see you. Listen, Ive come across something."
"Thats great. Oh, by the way, did you set fire to my club?" I pushed him backwards against a bookcase and half-knocked his block off with a unsportsmanlike right. He stumbled and shook his head clear. He regained his posture and threw his weight back at me, but I dodged the effort and let him fly by. 
"Working with your friends no doubt..." I continued, who tore my club apart. He flew at me again, and this time he connected. He took the legs from underneath me and put all of his weight on my sternum with what I quickly understood to be a well-practiced shoulder. 
Winded, I buckled and threw a fist which hit air. I threw again and hit the same. I brought my focus back to breathing and spent some time at it.
From the floor I saw Cranston resume his position at the table and straighten his collar. He coughed and cleared his throat. "I heard about it... of course," he said simply. "But I had nothing to do with it."
"It wasnt a coincidence." I choked back at him.
"No, I dont think it was. I just dont think that it was you they were trying to hurt."
"I dont even know who they are!" I choked again, the words burning as they went. I coughed for breath.
"Well, you're not helping anybody by taking a set against me, are you? Are you going to stay down there on the floor or get up and help me find the bastards? Or perhaps," he said in a much softer voice. "Or would you like to hit me some more?"
It was at this moment that I noticed that Cranston Baxter had changed since our first meeting. His casual stance hadnt been tempered by the excitement of the previous evening, but had permanently disappeared. His easy grin had been replaced by an expression of deep thought broken only by a reluctant triangle of a grin.
Slowly I stirred. I sat myself down by his side and combed my hair with my fingers. I took out a cigarette and, making sure he could see me, lit it. He winced. "You never suspected a violent response?" I asked.
"It's a dangerous game, Jack."
"And you brought that to the Dodo?"
"What was my alternative?" He retorted, angrily firing the words at me. "It's just a club. Bricks. Wood. Arguably good champagne. Nothing more."
"You neednt be heartless about it."
He motioned with his hand to his chin. "You hit me first, Jack. Spare me a little faith next time and Ill spare you a little sympathy." He fiddled with a pencil.
Neither of us spoke for a while. I smoked on, regaining the use of my lungs as he studied the pages in front of him.
"Now." He started. "If you would like to know what it was I was going to show you. Look here."
I drew deeply on my cigarette and put out the butt with my boot. Still angry, I looked at him, and then over his shoulder. 
"You remember our conversation last night, about the four districts?" He said. "Well, I think this is our answer."
Leaning further over him I watched as he drew a quick circle around the four areas of London that Elizabeth had, in retrospect, hidden in plain sight. He then drew sabre-like-slashes from Turnham Green in the West to Mansion House in the East, and downwards from Swiss Cottage in the North to Clapham in the South. The centre of this cross intersected the Serpentine Lake, in the middle of Hyde Park.
"I think that if these locations were politically motivated attacks," he said, "that it would be a bit of a coincidence that they form a perfect cross, with Hyde Park in the centre. And we don't like coincidences, do we?"
"Can I assume this means nothing to you?" I asked, interpreting the look on Cranstons face as nothing less than blank.
"At the moment, Im afraid I know as much as you do." He fastened his coat around him. "I suggest we go for a stroll and take a view on it up close. That is" He paused. "If youre a part of this, now? Im not forcing you." 
"I feel I have nothing else, now." I returned. "What do you expect to find?"
"I cant imagine thered be much use dredging or draining the lake," he said. "We should go there and see what she's left us there."
"You expect something?" I asked.
"Perhaps," he replied. "In this line of work, a lot of the time things just happen."



Heading north on foot, we quickly came into view of the literally monumental statue of The Angel of Peace descending on the Quadriga of Victory, which welcomes visitors into Hyde Park with an air of energy and action.
And yet despite this, Cranston and I trod in absolute silence all the way up the Long Water, a vast lake that splits Hyde Park down the middle.
"You look tired," I said, finally breaking the silence.
"Im sure I do," said Cranston. "Ive been trying to catch sight of this thing all night  but Im afraid Im no closer to any answers. I have, however, decided that it is no coincidence that the cross Elizabeth has us bear, falls quite near to the Hyde Park Metropolitan Police station. I suggest we go and see if they have any news? Sound like a good idea?"
I said that it did and so we continued further north and a little east. The red brick and tree surrounded faade of the Hyde Park Metropolitan Police Station soon came into view. It stood three stories tall and eleven windows along each side reflected the bright blue spring sky.
We crossed the grass and approached the entrance. Cranston pulled open the heavy wooden door and we were quickly introduced to the duty-officer who greeted Cranston warmly. 
A man in his early forties, the chap sported the preferred-but-not-necessary moustache of his order, which he evidently wore with as much pride as he did lapels and epaulettes. 
"Thompson!" Cranston exclaimed and, on approaching, wrung the man warmly by the hand.
"ullo, sir. What brings you ere?"
"A fools errand, Im sure. I could do with a word with Fenton if hes on duty?"
"Indeed e is, sir. Lemme just get im for ya." 
Thompson exited through a door around to the side. A minute later he brought back a sharply dressed, dark-haired sergeant who was tall and broad and who I took to be Fenton. I felt that this sort of policeman, as imposing as he was, neither wanted nor needed a moustache. 
"Cranston," he said and on approaching his old friend, shook him by the arm. "I suppose youve been sent about our business last night." I looked at Cranston, who I saw was making an effort to register no reaction at all to this new information.
"In a manner of speaking, yes," he replied. "Is there a quiet place we can talk?"
"Im sure we can find somewhere..." Fenton said and, with a nod to myself, added: "Is he coming too?" 
"Hes an associate of mine." Cranston replied. "One of the Gents."
"Understood." Fenton replied with what I thought might have been a wink. "How do you do," he said, addressing me directly, before quickly turning to bid us follow him through some wide hallways. "In here." He motioned into his office and had us sit down opposite his desk.
"Listen, I dont want word of this getting out," he started, folding his hands in front of him between papers and a cup-and-saucer of cold tea. "Weve never had a break-out before and Im not about to start letting people talk as they do."
"Fenton," Cranston replied. "I can't say I know what you're talking about."
"You weren't sent here about the escape? I thought, on seeing that it was you, that you'd be on our case about it, so to speak."
"We have no intentions on telling anybody anything, Fenton. You know we are here to protect the name, in all forms. But we are here only to listen." 
This rather cryptic answer evidently meant something to the sergeant who relaxed back into his chair. 
"Why dont you start from the beginning," Cranston suggested. "So we know, where to start with our own investigation." 
 "Well, the chap we had locked up was a strange sort. Foreign. Middle East, I thought. He was seen about the gardens before he took a turn. He came about looking the worse for drink and making a nuisance of himself. We collared him easy enough. But when we got him in the cells, he was calm as a saint. Kept saying he was sorry and the words Sheah toh tahl or something like that."
"Thats interesting. What happened to him?"
"Well, he just sort of disappeared. The constable came by in the morning and found the door to his cell unlocked and the thing itself completely empty. He'd got out somehow, we know, and jumped out of a window in the toilets. We saw the marks below on the ground where hed landed."
"He unlocked his cell? How?" I asked.
"We can't account for that oversight, Sir." Fenton replied, sheepishly. "If oversight it was."
"You suspect foul play?" I asked.
"We suspect nothing of the sort," the sergeant replied tactfully. "But something is amiss for sure."
"Why was the window unlocked?" Cranston asked, picking up the fact.
"Well, we never thought anybody would go through it, being on the top floor... Must have taken quite a tumble. Tough fellow, make no mistake."
"He jumped from the top floor?" I asked, astounded.
"Indeed he did. Left his a mark in the grass for it. Gardener is going to have a fit."
"The hospitals are being checked?" Asked Cranston in his turn. 
"I had the same idea," the Sergeant said, proudly. "I have a constable on that. He may pick up something."
"He left no other message or note?"
"He left his possessions in his docket  but they dont tell us much. Just some money and a few odds and ends."
"I will need to see them."
"Of course, but I dont think he unlocked a door with em, if thats what youre thinking." Fenton opened a draw and took out an envelope, turning it over onto the desk. Four very shiny coins chinked onto the table alongside a bright red button. With an extra shake a ticket stub flitted out of the envelope to rest next to them.
"Now thats a bit odd, wouldnt you say?" Said Cranston. The sergeant registered a little curiosity, but gave no response. "Rather a lot of money for a down-and-out," he continued, pushing the coins around the table with his finger. 
"And the tube ticket," I said, picking it up. "Clipped for Charring Cross."
"No doubt thats where he started drinking." Said Fenton. "Perhaps he was on his way to Park Lane." The sergeant laughed at his own joke.
"Thank you," said Cranston, standing to shake the mans hand, who stood to accept it. "Might I hold onto these? Cranston asked, holding out the torn ticket and the red button.
"What, Police evidence?" Fenton asked. I stood, wondering if this was going to go bad. "Of course you can," he laughed, to my relief. "Well hold onto the money, if you understand, Sir."
"Of course," said Cranston and, with a further nod, he left the room. I followed him to the entrance but instead of leaving, he turned to the duty officer.
"Thompson," he said, placing the ticket in full view of the man. "Was it you on duty last night?" 
"Indeed, Sir," Thompson replied, his moustache wriggling nervously. 
"And why was it that you saw fit to leave the cell door open?" Cranston asked, pulling the question out of nowhere.
"Sir?" Thompson replied, but being a good sort, knew when his time for apologies had arrived. "He looked alright, Sir," he started. "You know? Very gentlemanly. Good English, all told. He was very charming, really. I didnt think hed be any trouble. Asked if I could leave the door open for him to get to the loo as he wasn feeling all that settled. The booze, I thought. I didn think hed jump from the top floor, though. Bloody idiot."
"Its okay Thompson," Cranston said kindly. "Just between us alright?" Thompson nodded and, still grinning, he watched us as we left the building to head south towards the park gate.
"I think wed better see an old friend of mine." Cranston said examining the ticket once more. 
"Who?" I asked, feeling ever more like Alice down the rabbit-hole.
"Tell me, do you know your Classics?"
"A little." I replied. "I know enough to know tell you everything was the fault of Zeuss libido."
"Not Zeus." Cranston said. "Tiresias." He looked at his watch. "Come on. The show wont start until a little bit later. We'll get off at Piccadilly and dine at the Trocadero."

Chapter five

Broadway Rose, there's a tear in your eye, 
Broadway Rose, seems I oft' hear you sigh, 
Though you wear fancy clothes and you show silken hose, 
You're alone, as they all pass you by.
Broadway Rose 
Eugene West, Martin Fried & Otis Spencer

As a natural walker, I often make my way from place-to-place on foot. I would jump on the tube from time-to-time, but as my usual footfall contained itself within a single square mile, I was happy to get around on boot leather alone.
It occurred to me, on leaving my third taxi in two days, that I had things all wrong. This was, in fact, the right way to get around, and I made a pledge to enjoy the luxury of it a little harder in future. 
It was in one of Londons finest that we came across the picturesque frontage of the Trocadero restaurant, nestled in the neck of Shaftesbury Avenue. I had a much better feeling about the place, I contemplated, since its conversion into a restaurant from a so-called-music hall. But when Cranston told me that it was named after a successful invasion of Spain by the French, my feelings became mixed once more.
However, the place promised good food, strong drinks and, according to popular taste, it was slowly introducing live entertainment while dinner was served, so I determined to love it.
One enters the Trocadero as one does a Victorian philanthropists favourite mansion through its most flamboyant wing. 
Dressed in ivory and pale gold, the place was a haven from all the dirt of the city. Middle Eastern rugs waited patiently for your feet. Exotic palm trees bowed at you from huge pots as you walked by. Sweeping staircases dared you to climb them and explore the upper levels, where the hints of pastel-coloured murals depicted nude scenes from the Classical period, but which were probably, sadly, very moralistic  arent they all?
Cranston and I were welcomed inwards by a shortish mitre d and promptly seated. In just under an hour we had enjoyed a three-course meal and a bottle of wine. Well-fed and watered (all on Cranston, about which I did not argue) we sat back and were enjoying some very black coffee.
"So what does this make me?" I asked languidly, lowering my cup. "Soldier? Detective? Spy?" He looked back at me with a curious expression and drained his cup in turn.
"No, Jack. That isnt who we are. Thats just what we do."
"What do you mean?" I asked. "Surely its one or the other."
"I am not a spy," he said, as if the word was dirt. "I am a Professional Gentleman."
"A what?" I laughed. 
"I didnt come up with the name," he added, acutely aware of how it had sounded. He might have just announced himself as a Womaniser Academical. "But I am one. And as you are a part of this businesses and on the side of myself and other, better, Professional Gentlemen, it wouldnt do to mock."
I lit a cigarette, and he flinched. I looked at him. "Look, does this bother you?" I asked, holding up the smoking end.
"No, its fine." He replied, looking back at me with a forced smile.
"So" I continued, regardless. "What makes you a Professional Gentleman?" I asked. "Im not mocking..." I added, I thought, kindly.
"Three things," he replied, looking sideways and towards the window, then down at his hands. "A code we all live by."
"What? Like, always carry an umbrella? And never wear spats on a Sunday?"
"The first," he said, ignoring me, "is to do all that you can to prevent the suffering of any nation." I felt that this was a bit heavy handed, but its difficult to argue against such notions.
"The second?" I asked.
"Is to understand that you are always outside the law, but never above it."
"A bit more cryptic that one," I said. "But I like the sound of it." 
Cranston said nothing while I stubbed out my cigarette. "And the third?"
He looked up again. "A gentleman,"
"Never tells?" I finished impatiently, expecting this answer.
"Never kills.
After a moment he shrugged, and smiled. "Jack... Whatever you may think about me, and whatever you may have witnessed in the past twelve hours  I am not the gun-slinging, train jumping sort of chap you read about in books."
"I have a couple of those books," I joked.
He leaned over and held out his hand. "If youll be a friend to me, Ill be a friend to you too."
A sudden wave of guilt came over me, for as much as I had dismissed him since last night I knew that none of what had happened was really his fault. Anger comes out strangely in some people. I knew that. How well did I knew that.
"Do you promise that well find the guys that burned down the Dodo?" I asked.
"Im not offering you a deal, Jack," he said gently, still holding out his palm.
"Okay." I said, "Im in." 
I waved the waiter over for a bottle of wine. 
"Well get them." I said. "Well have a toast to sorting them right out."



It was half-way through this second bottle of wine, that I saw one of the dinner entertainers flitting about from table to table. 
Flapping around like some sort of aged butterfly made entirely out of mismatched-wool, a gypsy woman approached us before finally, blessedly, floating away.
"I think I deserve another coffee, after all that wine," said Cranston, removing his napkin from his lap and slapping it on the table. He rubbed his eyes. 
"You need sleep, not coffee." I corrected. 
"One and the same," he replied with a grin. 
"So where are we meeting this Tiresias?"
"I think," he said, looking around. "Yes, over there. The private booth."
"Hes coming here?"
"Yes, hes often here."
"Where is he?"
"Hes been here all this time." Cranston motioned to the waiter to come over. "Can we move to the booth over there? Yes, that one."
"Of course, Sir."
"Thank you. Well need three black coffees too, if thats alright." The waiter bowed to communicate that it was, and slid through the tables, waiting as he went.
"Im not sure I wanted a coffee, actually." I said, sitting down in the darker, more secluded part of the dining room.
"They aren't for you."
"Tell your fortune, Sirs?" It was the old voice a woman. "I sense some trouble in your fu-char."
"Well, you would, wouldnt you?" I replied sceptically. "Fortune tellers arent known for predicting good times."
"Ah, well. There may be some of that also, if you know which path to take."
"Please sit down," Cranston said, as I looked incredulous. "Ive ordered you a coffee."
"Thanks mate," came an old mans voice. "Im gaspin."
 I looked around but saw nobody else. Turning back I saw that the Gypsy was, after the scarf had been lowered and the hat removed, an old man of around sixty. On seeing my expression he offered his explanation: "Do ya really think folks would listen to a fortune tellin old man? Its not for nothin that its a womans game. But enough of my troubles  call me Tiresias, everybody does," he held out his hand.
"Well" I started, stunned. "If I wasnt taken in!" I shook his hand.
"Good, isnt he?" Cranston said, smirking to himself. He turned to the man. "Listen, we are here on professional business. We need to know certain things..." He took some bank notes out of his inner jacket pocket and slid them across the table. Tiresias hid the money under a napkin, which was then tucked under three layers of moth-eaten knitwear.
"Anythin particular in mindMe dears?" He added in his old-crone-of-a-voice. Turning, I saw that he had spotted the waiter approaching with the drinks. "Care for some lucky heather?" Tiresias asked the boy.
"Not from you, Gypsy!" The young man replied, who neatly walked off after depositing the cups and saucers.
"Nobody ever wants any heather..." Tiresias said sadly, tucking it back into his sleeve.
"Ever heard the name Ricard Mortier?" Cranston asked.
"Never heard of him," said Tiresias. "Next question." 
"If a certain somebody," Cranston continued. "Found themselves in London three weeks ago and decided it prudent to make their presence known yesterday, what would you think of it?"
The old man sipped his coffee slowly and deeply, almost finishing it in one attempt. "Tricky. Lots goin on, you see."
"Well, if you dont know anything..." Cranston baited.
"I didn say that." Said Tiresias, brushing away a lock of long, I assumed, fake hair. "One thing does strikes me, come to mention. Three weeks ago, you say? Thatd be, what... middle of Feb? Well,... If were talkin about something of... National importance?"
He took out a deck of cards from an inner pocket and offered a coy glance around his shoulders. Looking back to the deck of cards he slid them out of their box. I recognised them as a Tarot set.
"Youre not serious?" I asked.
"Indulge him," Cranston replied. "I did say hes good."
The old man started to lay cards down flat on the surface of the table. "The High Priestess. The Tower. Death." He shook his head. "Well, thats no good," he said, discarding them and drawing again. "The World. Thats better. Indicative of nations, land. A conflict over land, definitely." He drew again. "The Emperor." And again "The Empress... A union of two great powers. Strength... It was a good union." He lay down the next card. "The Sun... A great collaboration and proclamation followed this." He laid down the last card, the figure of a skeleton in robes. "Death" He said. "The union will come to a poor end." He suddenly collected the cards and pocketed them once more.
"Well, that was hugely helpful." I said, feeling, not for the first time, that the chap was a fraud. "Tell me, will I meet a tall handsome woman?" 
"Have you not already?" He replied, slyly.
"You mean," Cranston started. "The Ottoman Empire?" The old man nodded, gently, finishing his second coffee.
"You got that, from that?" I replied.
"It makes sense," Cranston continued. "At the Conference of London, the League of Nations were discussing the fate of the Ottoman Empire."
"Where are you getting this from?" I asked, stunned. The old man lifted his hand and revealed the Devil card, which he had secreted away after laying it down. He slowly pushed it towards the middle of the table.
"Following the war," the old man said, to me directly, in low, deep tones. "Talk started amongst the Allies regarding the inevitable breakdown of the Ottoman Empire. It all started with two men: a French diplomat called Franois Georges-Picot and our man, Sir Mark Sykes."
"The Sykes-Picot agreement." Cranston added quietly, looking thoughtful. "England and France made an agreement with the Russians to split the Ottoman Empire between themselves once the war was over. We were supposed to get Jordan, Iraq... France wanted Syria, Lebanon and Turkey... and Russia were going to get Constantinople, the capital of the Empire."
"Its strange, thinking back on it now," added Tiresias. "Sykes was an Arab Nationalist. He wanted the lot to run themselves, but for some reason he changed his mind and signed the agreement. Definitely strange. All this came out after the Russian Revolution three years ago. The Bolsheviks found out that they werent going to get their fair share and they let the secret slip." He put an accent on the word, to make sure we understood. "Needless to say," he continued. "The Allies werent very happy about that. But now that Russia is out of the way, Constantinople is firmly under our control. We're keeping a pretty good handle on it if the Turkish nationalists don't rise up. Which they might. You remember that France hosted the Paris Peace Conference in January."
"You think that France is trying to tip the scales in their favour..." I stated, getting a sense of the bigger picture. Cranston shrugged.
"Weve been talking to Elizabeth," he said, with something similar to embarrassment. Tiresias raised his eyebrows. "Oh really? Well we all know shes about as reliable as a three-bob note. I wouldnt worry about..."
"She practically told us that shes working for the French government." I added. 
"The Emperor." The old man sighed. "Well, shell be very busy. The San Remo Conference in Italy is set to continue talks in April."
"But even if we know why she was here last month, why was she still in London last night?" I asked, getting back to the matter.
"Well, Im not sure why shes in London," said the old man. "But I have to say that the timing is interesting. Faisal, the ruler of the Arab Kingdom in Syria, under the control of France, just named himself King."
"Which means what?" I added.
"It means," Cranston started solemnly, "that the Empress isn't as ready to be split up as we might have thought. France are undoubtedly trying to regain control of a country that just named itself a monarchy and that Syria and Turkey are trying to build the empire up again without western influence."
"So what have these break-ins been all about? Who is Mortier working for?" I asked. "The French or the Arabs?"
"That's what we have to find out?" Cranston asked.
"Where's Lawrence Of Arabia when you need him, eh?" Asked Tiresias, breaking the tension.
"Listen, hows your Arabic?" Cranston asked, after a moment.
"Not too bad..." The old man replied. "Not a language one soon forgets. Why?"
"What does," he consulted his notebook. "Sheah toh tahl" mean to you?" 
Tiresias laughed. 
"It probably means," he replied with a grin. "That she, is at the hotel."

Chapter six

An actor stayed at Mother's once,
So debonair and smart,
In 'The girl who lost her character',
He played the villain's part.
The Gipsy Warned Me 
R. P. Weston & Bert Lee

"Thanks for the drinks chaps," Tiresias said, pulling a shawl over his head once more. "Ill see you again at the vernal equinox to check your auras."
"Enigmatic sort of sod, isnt he?" Cranston said as we left the restaurant and stepped out into the street. It was a warm early evening and the sky was cloudless and darkening. "Brother was a cabinet minister."
"You know. I could almost tell." I replied, smiling. "So?" I added, addressing him directly.
"So... what?"
"So... what now? How do we find out which hotel Elizabeth is staying at? There are hundreds in London."
"True," he said, leading the way west, back down Shaftesbury Avenue. The sun was continuing to fade and the glamour of the West End was just starting to show. The lights of the Queens and Lyric theatres were welcoming to all that passed by and I was tempted to leave the adventure entirely for a good arrangement of chorus girls.
"Okay. The key question," he stated, as we neared Piccadilly tube station, "is which hotels arent on our list of potentials."
"Well, that could still be hundreds." I said, at which he stopped.
"Which gets us nowhere." He said, looking at me. He nodded towards towards a big Georgian building opposite us across the street. "How many bricks are in that building?" He asked.
"What?" 
"How many bricks are in that building, Jack?" Cranston repeated. I shrugged.
"Three thousand?" I replied.
"Good."
"Was I right?"
"No."
"How do you know?" I asked, feeling that I was quite justified in pointing out that hed have the Devils own job of actually going over and counting the things.
"Because it's not your answer thats wrong, its the process. Dont just guess. Use common sense."
"What on earth are you..."
"I count thirty bricks from the edge to the pattern there," he said, pointing. "That marks the first third of the building. So its ninety wide. Correct?"
"I If you say so." I said.
"I do. So ninety wide. That side is twice the height, so we get ninety times forty-five, which is four-thousand and fifty for the side."
"Take your word for it."
"Times by four sides Sixteen thousand and two hundred. Take into account the windows. That one is ten-ish tall by seven-ish wide"
"Ish? Are we guessing now?"
"Of course we are," he replied. "The whole things a guess. Ten-ish tall by seven-ish," he continued. "Which gives us seventy. And theres eight of those so Five hundred and sixty. Smaller windows are eight-ish by five-ish. Forty bricks. And there are what, twelve of them?"
"Four hundred and eighty," I said, after a little while.
"So thats," he thought for a while now, "One thousand and forty, for the windows, add sixty for the door. One thousand, one hundred. Take that away from sixteen-thousand two hundred."
"Fifteen thousand, one hundred bricks." I said. "Amazing."
"Now," Cranston said, pulling me into the tube. "Apply the same logic. What do we know about Elizabeth? How many doors. How many windows?"
"Its different though, Cranston."
"Start with the obvious. What do we know? We know she likes fine things. So shes not at Mrs. Bradburys boarding house."
"Right" I replied, as Cranston bought two tickets. "And we know that she likes a good drop of wine, so we can assume she likes a hotel with a good restaurant?"
"Good! She isnt likely to dine out?" 
"Are you asking or telling?"
"She likes to dine out," Cranston said as we descended into the station and boarded the first train that came along.
"So. If were listing the finest hotels near the best restaurants, we have the Ritz," I said. "Claridges, The Savoy and the Strand Palace."
"And which of those four is most likely?" Cranston asked, standing by the door of the carriage. He was looking around as he talked again. He seemed to be looking out of the window.
"What are you looking at?" I said, following his gaze.
"The people in the train."
"But youre looking out of the window"
"When somebodys looking at you," he said, quietly. "You can feel it on the back of your neck. Its an instinct. That feeling is nearly always right."
"Then why..." I replied, wondering if the coffee had turned him a little bit mad. Or the wine. Or all the other nonsense. 
"However, it doesnt seem to have the same effect when you look at their reflection." He tapped the glass window behind him with a knuckle and continued. "Hotels, Jack. Pick one."
"Oh..." I replied. "The Ritz." 
"Why?" He asked. "Because its the grandest?"
"Precisely."
"Wrong."
"Oh," I said, a little crest-fallen. "Then Claridges, because thats where youre staying?" The train had stopped and we stepped out into Charring Cross station.
"The Savoy!" I cried suddenly.
"Near Charring Cross station," Cranston said holding, with two hands, the ticket stub our mystery man from Hyde Park had left in his cell.
"Should we?" Cranston said, ascending towards the exit in a smart sort of way. Smug, some would have called it.
"Fifteen-thousand one hundred" I said to myself and followed him out into the street. 
Out into the air again I found him crossing the road and I ran to catch him. "So whats the plan?" I asked. "Whats the first act? Go in and ask her what this business is all about?"
"That would definitely do it, Jack. But we have to find her first I think." We passed a pair of very luxurious motorcars, parked nearby as we approached the entrance to the Savoy.
There are few pleasures equal to having the door opened for you as you enter a fine hotel. The Savoy is no exception. It almost literally welcomes one with its outstretched arms, and reaching the door usually feels like climbing down into something luxurious and secure. Usually.
As soon as the How do you do Sirs and the No baggage, Sir?s and the rather casual But Sir likes to travel light, doesnt Sir?s, Cranston quickly settled into a deep armchair and picked up a paper. I joined him in the seat nearby and lit a well-earned cigarette. "Think shes still here?" I half-whispered.
"Im sure she is. Two of the porters were talking about her as we were walking in."
"I didnt hear anything of the sort."
"They were well out of earshot." Cranston did a sort of mime that involved a disregarding expression and a do as you like hand gesture. I understood.
"Whats the plan, then?"
"Still angry?" He asked enigmatically. "I need you to pick a fight with the chap behind the counter, so I can read the guest book. I need you to find something to complain about quite loudly, if you can?"
"Well, thats not so easy at the Savoy you know... For a second I thought you might have had us dress up like chorus girls or something. Im sure wed have done Tiresias proud."
"Perhaps another time, if your heart is set on it. But for now I need you to start a row."
"Okay. Im your man." I got up and wandered towards the front desk, but on approaching, I looked down into the belly of the hotel and saw its decorative tea rooms. A pale ivory baby grand emerged from its centre and an idea hit me. I told myself, today of all days, go with your instinct.
I promptly set off in its direction and sat down on the stool. I flexed the fingers. I stretched my arms out wide and pulled the stool forwards with my right foot. 
Taking a deep breath I brushed the keys with my fingers and felt their weight. I slowly, quietly and luxuriously tinkled my way up to high C. I paused and registered a few voices behind me. I smirked to myself and promptly launched with full vigour, into Eddie Cantors The dumber they come, the better I like em.
Id love to say I caused a riot but London is a hard place to shock even at the best of times. Some of the guests that were passing through on their way to the front desk clapped their hands in approval and cheered me on. Jumping into the chorus, however, caused a couple of silver-haired ladies in lavender to gasp with the shame-making front of it all.
In due course, it came to an end. As I was just polishing off the line: "You start by squeezing clever girls, you're soon on the shelf, But when you're with dumb Doris you can just be yourself," I was accosted by the manager and asked, in not a kind way, to kindly stop.
I, of course, apologised. I explained how the duty manager had said it would be okay. I demonstrated how I was so very sorry, but that he did like the song, didnt he?
Feeling rather proud of my efforts, I wandered back to Cranston who was once again scribbling in his notebook.
"Nice," he said, not looking up. "But now everybody knows your face."
"Well, I thought it was a good idea at the time."
"It always does. Listen  heres the list of guests that are staying here tonight: Room 101  Mrs. Daisy Simmons." He said, reading quickly as if the list was pretty extensive and wanted to get through it in a single night. "132  Sir Richard Pauling. 153  Mr. Gerald Eastland. 204  Miss Zelda Sayre. 217"
"Thats her!" I said.
"How do you know?" Cranston asked hopefully. Perhaps it was a really long list.
"Its a false name. Zelda Sayre is the fianc of F. Scott Fitzgerald." The name didnt register. "The novelist? Theyre getting married next month. She wouldnt be here on her own, would she?"
"Good man!" Said Cranston, beaming at me just as the Manager came over.
"Listen, Sir. Im afraid you cant go around upsetting my guests like that. Ive had to buy a couple of stiff drinks to settle Miss and Miss Fitzsimmonss nerves."
"Oh I am sorry," I replied with my earnestness in full glow. "How about you put it on my bill?"
"Oh, thats very decent of you. Mr..."
"Eastland," I said, holding out my hand. "Gerald Eastland. Room 153."
A few moments later Cranston and I were waiting for the lift on our way to the second floor. When the doors opened, however, we found it occupied almost entirely by a sharply dressed lift attendant, with a recently broken nose.
"Which floor, Sirs?" He said, his speech slow and measured.
"Two," I answered. 
"Tell me," interjected Cranston as the big chap pressed the button. "What are the rooms like?"
"I really don know, Sir. Been told theyre very nice."
"Boxer, right?"
"Thats right. Johnny Johnson," He puffed out his chest a little and lost the formal tone. He offered each of us his meaty hand to shake. "Junior eavyweight champion. Tryin to slim down to middle weight, course. Got a fight soon. Manager says itll do me good to box beneath me."
"Dont believe him," Cranston said, shaking his hand. "You look like a champ to me. Listen..."



The lifts bell rang and the doors opened. We stepped out and said our goodbyes to Johnny as he vanished between the golden doors and descended. 
"Think hes good for it?" I asked.
"I think so," Cranston said. Under the dim lighting of the corridor he looked truly tired once again.
"Listen, take one," I said, offering him one of my cigarettes. "I know its not the cigarette that upsets you." 
"What do you mean?" He asked, a mixture of curiosity and shame upon his face.
I turned my back on him and lit the cigarette. Extinguishing the flame I turned back around and offered it to him.
"Youre a sharp man, Jack," he said, taking it and taking a deep pull. "I knew you were, the moment I met you.
"What happened to you?" I asked.
"Another time. Come on, Im in a great mood. Lets find Elizabeth and ruin it."
After a very quick search we found room 204. Cranston backed away before putting his shoulder to the thing like he was made of steel. It duly exploded with a crash and from within we heard a cry.
"Ah... Its you." Said Elizabeth in her familiar, sickly, American accent. "I think youd better come in."

Chapter seven

I met someone who
Thrilled me thru and thru
I'll confess I met my Waterloo.
All Shed Say Was "Umh Hum" 
King Zany, Mac Emery, Gus Van & Joe Schenck

"Glad you finally came," Elizabeth said smoothly. She was lounging in the middle of a decorative suite on a white-velvet chaise longe. "It was getting lonely with just these guys for company. Allow me to introduce you." 
Cranston and I entered the room and saw, sat opposite Elizabeth on far-too delicate silk armchairs, two new heavy-men  different from those that Cranston and I had given an eye-full to in the Dodo Club the previous evening. They stood and, with no resistance from us, put us firmly in their respective places on the silk.
Up-close, I could see that Elizabeth was something straight out of Vaudeville. One expected a round of applause at each line and that at any moment she might burst into song. It caused one to wonder if this was the intended effect.
"This medium sized horse is Vigne." She said, pointing to the larger chap who wore a simple expression. "Bonjour," he said, and lifted his arm a little. He was dark and built like small buildings are built. The other chap looked at him reproachingly. Apparently greetings werent included in the repertoire of the menacing few. 
"And the pale guy is White." She exhaled on the h of White, with a practiced finesse. She had a way about her that, as she spoke, the consonants would tinkle, and youd feel them travel up your trouser leg and settle at the base of your spine. It was a pleasure, despite the odds.
White was a ghost of a chap. He had a pale, anaemic face, which was drawn over a bleached skull covered in ice-blonde hair and he wore expression of malice and quiet corruption. Elizabeth must have thought so too as, while she smiled at his piercing white eyes, she looked genuinely terrified. Together the duo crushed our shoulders with vice-like grips.
"I did think youd arrive a little earlier than this. You didnt meet anybody special today?" She fancied a quick, furtive glance towards the two men, but they were focussing all of their worldly attention on inflicting injury upon us.
"Did you meet anybody today?" Cranston asked, addressing me. I caught the drift.
"Somebody special? No... Wait... No... Nobody special. We had a nice walk in Hyde Park."
"Absolutely." Cranston said. "Nobody there though..." He stressed angrily.
"How unfortunate. My friend is usually much more reliable."
"And who is your friend?" I chimed in, pretty cross too.
"A charming young Syrian. Name of Huda. Very flexible, if you dont mind me saying. Met him through some work I was doing in Austria. Ex-Syrian Army, you know. Very resourceful with a pen, a sword, a rifle... Most beautiful man I've ever seen. But youll never see him. Only feel him on the back of your neck, one way or the other. I find hes willing to do nice things for me. Cant hold his liquor. Think one of my cocktails disagreed with him the other day. But... Youre here so he must have left you some kind of message."
"And what message was he supposed to give?" Cranston asked. "I dont suppose you could just tell us..."
"A little something." Her eyes flicked upwards to look at the faces of the two brutes above us. "A warning, frankly. You arent usually in over your head, Cranston, but this time you dont have numbers on your side. Id say at the moment youre about eleven to one."
"Two," I corrected.
"Of course," she said, so dismissively that my skin crawled. 
"Elizabeth, you know as well as I do that Ill never be rid of you. Like dirt under a fingernail"
"Youre too kind..." She replied.
"So," Cranston continued. "If you could just tell us exactly what business you have with the newly crowned King Faisal, well be on our way. And you can go back to ruining other peoples lives."
"Well,... arent you bitter?"
"Bitter!" He cried, and the thug thumped him on the neck for it. "Dont do that again," Cranston said. White ignored him and did it again, making Cranston wince.
"You always did get a bit fight-y when you... got no sleep." Out of the corner of my eye I saw Cranston shift, almost imperceptibly. 
"And you always answered a question with another question." He asked in reply. 
"Does it bother you?" She replied with a grin.
"Will you just tell us the damn reason we are here?" I interrupted, getting angry at the back-and-forth. 
Barely seeing the blur coming towards me, I felt my head spin. The side of my face bruised instantly against the blow dealt by the dark-haired tree trunk. "Easy there," she said. "We cant damage them too much..." 
"Pardon," Vigne said, and got a wrap on the arm from White for the apology.
Elizabeth wriggled in her seat. 
"Not a problem," I replied, rubbing the side of my face gingerly.
"Your business here" Cranston continued, seemingly uninterested in the damage I had suffered. "You wouldnt be working out of Constantinople?"
She simply smiled. I got the impression that she wanted him to keep guessing.
"The Syrian government?"
"Monarchy," she corrected, her grin fixed. "Cranston, I have lots of friends. I can never place them. They could be anywhere in the world. I really couldnt say."
"And your associates in France?" Said Cranston. "I imagine theyd be quite interested in your present role. Or do they think youre working for Marianne?" Just like he had with Mortier, I felt that this had been a Cranston-guess. Fifteen-thousand, one hundred bricks.
"If youre trying to threaten me, Mr. Baxter, Id advise against it." She walked over to a vanity mirror by the window and, out of a drawer, she pulled a small silver pistol. "Im starting to think that youve brought an atlas to a gun fight."
"Just your style to pull a gun on the unarmed, Elizabeth." Said Cranston. She looked at him with daggers.
"Any plans to visit Italy?" I offered, drawing her gaze and, without meaning to, her line of fire.
"Have you ever been to Italy?" She fired back.
"I have..." I replied, honestly.
"Its beautiful in the spring." She said, airily, balancing the gun in her hand. "San Remo is right by the sea, you know. Great view, over the Med. Lovely villas..."
"What are you afraid of?" Cranston asked her, out of the blue.
"Afraid, Cranston?" She said, shifting once more, toying with the gun. "Afraid like youre afraid?" She took out a long, flat cigarette out of her purse and lit it with a small silver lighter.
Cranston reacted, knocking White into the wall and half-shouted.
"What the bloody hell are we doing here if youre just going to stand there talking and talking and saying nothing?"
White took a liberal amount of offence at being pushed about and went for Cranston like an albino rhino. Cranston dodged left and dealt him a heavy blow on the back of the neck with his elbow. With no real damage done through thick skin, however, White spun and threw a ham-like hand around and connected with Cranstons jaw. Vigne, quite casually I felt, simply had his arm around my neck as if it was Christmas. 
"Stop it!" Elizabeth cried, trying to pull the pale man from Cranston, leaving the self to fend alone. Cranston dug his knee deeply into a place where heels do not dig lightly. The pale man buckled and grasped at Cranstons jacket, pulling Cranston down to his level and connecting a dirty left-hook to his chin. Cranston stumbled back into the wall, as my wind-pipe tightened to a close. White stood up and started striking blow after blow into Cranstons ribs and it was easy to imagine them cracking, bending and breaking under the repeated attack.
"Stop it!" Elizabeth cried, almost hysterical now. She went to the telephone and dialled three numbers with a shaking hand. "Its me!" She cried into the receiver, and looking at Cranston. "Call them off. Theyre killing him." She gulped, and slammed down the receiver. "Arrter!" She cried again. "Hes coming up."
On these words, the mountain relaxed his grasp on my neck and I caught air for the first time in what felt like a month. Cranston crumpled to the floor and held his hands to his left side, coughing. Elizabeth dropped her gun and knelt by him speaking in a new, soft voice  a little more cracked than it had been before. "Why do you have to be so reckless?"
"Never bothered you before..." He murmured, smiling wryly against the pain.
"Itll get you killed..."
We heard light footsteps arrive outside the room, followed by a mechanical knock at the door. "Its alright, theyve stopped!" Elizabeth called. "You can go now!" 
She turned and poisoned a glance at the two men that still towered over us, as if nothing had happened at all.
The already splintered door swung open slowly and we were introduced to a smallish man with a very tight brown moustache and the general aura of hate. Everything about him carried the stain of loathing. His face was an upside-down triangle  starting with a bulging, receding head of grey-brown hair. His small, cruel eyes bulged with all the expectation of illicit pleasure and his mouth was that of a cats, sucking on something, as he pursed his very wet, pink lips. The thing ended with a pointed chin as sharp as his neck tie.
"What a shame," the man said in a soft, menacing and what I thought to be German accent. "I was hoping to do... what I do."
"Well, youre too late. As always," said Elizabeth.
"Quiet!" He barked back at her. "Your job was to bring them here. This is enough from you. You can leave."
"No,... I dont like the game played this way."
"I hope you are not daring to place yourself above reproach," said the little man with almost a sing-song way of speaking, as if Elizabeth were ten years old reaching for a jam jar. "I think youll find your particular talents are very replaceable."
I must say, even in the dire situation that we were evidently in, I was enjoying the spectacle of Elizabeth getting it sharply in the neck. Whats the saying? The enemy of my enemy is my friend? Its not always the case, granted.
"I suggest you leave," he told her, all wrapped up and delivered in silk. He moved further into the room and motioned to the pale man. "It would be better to let me do my job. Take her." He then took out a long, thin knife and picked up her gun, examining it as if it were dirty.
The heavies had her by an arm each and half-dragged her to the door. On opening it, they lifted her cleanly from the room and closed the door behind them into the, now, ill-fitting frame.
"So," the creature said, pointing the knife at Cranstons forelock. "Perhaps youd like to tell me why youre so interested in Elizabeth and her affairs? Is it a purely sexual arrangement? Do not be shy. If you are not forthcoming, I shall peel you like ein zwiebel and examine the layers." With a smile that would have melted polar-ice he waved the knife back and forth ever closer to Cranstons face, evidently relishing an opportunity to connect.
Suddenly there came a crack like a hammer on a nail. Immediately following it was a heavy thud. And again  a second hammer-blow landed. Then another. And then a few in quick succession before the second thud came.
The room exploded. 
First, I saw Cranston move like quicksilver to grab the small man and twist his wrists behind him, pointing the knife, still in his hands, against his own miniature spine. 
Second, the most mistreated of doors came finally off its hinges as junior heavyweight champion Johnny Johnson sprang into the room like the bullet from a gun and knocked the mustachioed mans block off. It was like watching a hob-nailed boot crush an ignoble ant.
Johnny straightened up and adjusted his bow tie. "I heard them, Mr. Baxter, but I waited. Just as you said."
"We cant thank you enough." I croaked, my throat still raw. 
"There... I said you were a champ," said Cranston. "Ill remember this when we settle things downstairs."
"Oh, no charge." The chap replied. "Always good to get a bit of sparring in. I'd go against that big guy again any day. Big guys think its all the arms, but the truth is, its all in the wrist." He bounced on the balls of his feet for a few seconds, throwing out quick, hard punches against the air. He hopped on the spot, stretching out his arms upwards to the sky before bouncing into the hallway to drag the two unconscious men down the hall and out of sight, leaving the smaller man lying on the floor like a bear rug, made out of mouse.
"So after all that," I croaked, straining the larynx somewhat. "Weve learned absolutely nothing."
"Oh, weve learned enough," Cranston said pulling something from his pocket. I saw that it was the red button that the Syrian, Huda, had left in Hyde Park Police Station. 
A slender neck carried a tear-stricken face around the doorframe, even paler than it had been before.
"Ah... Its you." Said Cranston as he fastened up his jacket. "I think youd better come in."

Chapter eight

I don't want to make you blue,
But you need a talking to,
Like a lot of people I know,
Here's what's wrong with you.
After You Get What You Want, You Dont Want It 
Irving Berlin

"Take a seat," Cranston said with a sudden sense of great dignity. He pulled up one of the silk-lined chairs that had been knocked onto its side in the fray. He offered it to Elizabeth who dutifully sat down. It was our turn to sit down on the chaise longe.
"I think that after that particular piece of drama, said Cranston, were owed a little information."
"I cant tell you everything, you know that right? You know I cant tell you everything..." She was shivering a little, and one might have thought that it was she that had gone a few rounds with Johnny.
"How about starting with what you can tell us?" I said, infinitely more angry with her than Cranston was letting on. 
"Who is he anyway?" She asked, leaning her shoulder at me.
"Hes a Gentleman, Elizabeth. And if you want any sort of help from us, I think youd better start looking him in the eye." The words held some power over her and she gave me a reluctant, but definite nod of acknowledgment. I nodded back at her just as begrudgingly.
"Id hate for you to start diluting the set, you know." She said, struggling a cigarette out of a Mother Of Pearl case. "Youre a lovely little niche."
"Listen Elizabeth," Cranston replied sharply. "Hyde Park. Why?"
"I told you!" She snapped. "I wanted you to get Huda's message."
Cranston held up the red button we had found amongst the Syrians things. "This?"
"That's right.
"And what was this supposed to tell us?" Cranston asked.
"Well,... you know about Faisal by now. Things are hotting up all around the world about Syria. I wanted somebody to warn you off, because damned if youd listen to me anymore. That's what Huda was for."
"Why is this so different?" Cranston asked. "This is what we do."
"This isnt like in Paris." She said, and then suddenly she blanched. "You can't just ride in like the cavalry. These people I dont like them. She waved her hand she was holding her cigarette with towards the door.
"I don't much like them either," I said. 
"The difference is we aren't working for them." Added Cranston.
"I work for nobody..." She scalded, as if he had asked which street corner she frequents most.
"So whose side are you on?" Cranston asked.
"Im on the commission..." She started, sitting up and taking a breath. "Of a certain businessman who wishes to remain nameless. So dont ask me. I cant tell you. Dont look at me like that," she spoke, directly to Cranston. He was visibly annoyed at the poor show. 
"I really cant say who. We have a mutual relationship. He asks me to do things because I know certain people. And I dont cross him because of who he knows."
"So who are these people 'who you don't like very much'." I asked.
"Theres a group. They call themselves the Red Button Set. Stupidest name Ive ever heard. They work out of France and they are bad news. Not the worst Ive ever seen but rough, thuggish and erratic. Theyre looking for a golden opportunity in Bonaparte's backyard. But easy to spot once youre introduced to their little leit motif." She nodded in the general direction of the small unconscious man in front of us, and we saw one of the bright red buttons fixed firmly upon his collar. "Youll see them everywhere, believe me. They arent reluctant to sew the damn things on everything they wear. Cuffs, collars and anywhere else, some of them say. Its disgusting." She shuddered, and one had to wonder as she didn't seem the shy type.
"Most of them are hired cretins, the large types. But a few are real gems. This one?" Again she hinted at the man on the floor, and kicked his comatose ankle. "Hes a real charmer, once you get on his bad side. Skinned a fella alive once, so he claims. So they call him Skinner."
"What are you doing in London?" Cranston asked.
"We were here for the Conference of London."
"That was a month ago," I countered. "Why are you here now?"
She sighed and finally lit her cigarette. "I was here to make sure the conference went my way. My mans way. The best way for Syria. Which it did. After a fashion." She smirked, but it faltered and fell from her face. 
"But the Red Buttons?" Cranston asked.
"I was using them for the job. But I cant seem to shake them now. Mortier is up to something and he wants me involved."
"So what do they want?" Cranston asked, moving forward and sitting on the edge of his seat.
"I have no idea. But he keeps going on about Clemenceau."
"The Prime Minister of France?" I asked, starting to worry about just how serious this business was getting.
"Former," Elizabeth said. "A year ago Clemenceau, tried to smooth things over with Faisal, but he got a bullet in his back. Someone shot six bullets at him and missed with the first five. Some Libertarian called Cottin the newspapers said, but Mortier's not so sure. He thinks it was about something else  perhaps hes set on a new French revolution, I don't know. All I know is that hes fixated on the whole thing."
"You think he might be out to finish the job?" Cranston asked.
"I'm not so sure." She replied. "Any power Clemenceau might have had is gone now that he's not in office. Mortier's got his sights set on something though. That's for sure."
"And youre okay with this?" I asked, stunned.
"I never said I was okay with it, I just said I cant get away from it. Do you think for a second that theyd stop doing what they are doing if I walked away?" She took a deep pull of her cigarette and put it out in a crystal ash-tray on the vanity table. "You know  Im good. In fact, Im probably one of the best. But Im not the only one who can intimidate and coerce. Theyd have found somebody else and got them to do all their fluffy work."
"If youre helping them, then why get us involved?" Cranston asked.
"I wanted out. You helped me do that."
"And how have we done that?" I asked.
"By making it seem to Mr. Skinner and his two gorillas that Im about to be dealt with officially. As if youd let me walk out of here now... The ideas ridiculous." She smirked and started applying lipstick.
"Not so ridiculous," said Cranston enigmatically. "Considering."
"Youre too kind," she winked. "Whats your price?"
"Two things." Cranston said. "Firstly, where would a curious party with an interest in the matter find the Red Button Set?"
"They have a place in Paris, on Rue Tholoze. Apparently the house they stay in is painted red from top to bottom."
"Rather on the nose, dont you think?" I offered, at which, to my surprise, she laughed.
"Yes, I suppose it is! I never said they were bright, did I? I think they feel its their Tower of London. Everybody knows where it is, but wouldnt go in unless they knew they were going to get it... Ridiculous, isn't it?"
"Well see about that..."
"So,... Mr. Baxter. The second thing?"
"Yes, why did you do it?" 
Elizabeth took a second before answering: "Are we still on that?"
"Still on that..." Cranston replied. 
"You wouldnt believe me. You know you wouldnt, so dont ask me. Sometimes you've got to trust a girl."
Cranston looked at her, and I suddenly noticed that he had picked up her gun during the commotion. For an instant I saw a hint of something in her eyes which, after Cranston pocketed the gun, slowly vanished.
"I think..." He said, turning his back to her and addressing me. "I think its time we had a drink, dont you?"
"I could definitely use one, but what about her?" I asked.
"I think she can take care of herself. Come on." Cranston got up, straightened his jacket and without another word walked out of the room.
"Always a pleasure," said Elizabeth, looking to me. For the first time I felt what it must be like for Cranston.
"Perhaps next time it will be." I replied.
"A girl always hopes." She said, pulling another cigarette from her case. I moved to her and lit a match.
"Thank you," she said, holding her hands over mine as she drew back from the flame. "Be good to him," she said. "He needs somebody." She turned and faced the window, looking out into the street and south towards Waterloo Bridge which was lit up against the darkening sky. I left her with that vision framed in my mind. It was how I would always come to remember Elizabeth.
I found my friend waiting by the elevator. He pushed a button and after a moment it opened to reveal our boxer friend. "You were right," Cranston said to him. "The rooms were nice."
"They were, werent they, Sir?" Jonny pushed the button for the ground floor.
"Please, call me Cranston." Cranston said. "Out of curiosity," he added quickly, "what did you do with the two other men?"
"I put 'em in the lift. Down to the service floor. I left 'em out in the street. I hope that was okay? Not really my job, you see. Takin' out rubbish." He smiled.
"That was good of you, thank you." Said Cranston, laughing.
"I need a drink," I said, rubbing my neck. "Know anywhere nearby, Johnny?"
"You want to get out of here?" Cranston interjected.
"Absolutely," I replied. "I dont think Ive left things in a good place with the management."
"I know a club we can go to." Cranston said, after struggling with the decision. The lift doors opened to the lobby and we left Johnny alone inside it. 
"Youll like it," he continued. "Full of gentlemen."

Chapter nine

He's not so good in a crowd but when you get him alone, 
You'd be surprised.
He isn't much at a dance but then when he takes you home,
You'd be surprised.
Youd Be Surprised 
Irving Berlin

If Cranston was worried about the state of the world, he was keeping it to himself as we strolled casually down the Strand while the light finally failed and it became night. We carried westwards up through Pall Mall and finally stood at the corner of St. James Square for the second time that day. 
"Are you taking me back to the Library?" I asked.
"No," said Cranston. "We're just neighbours."
"Who is we?"
"You'll see."
We stopped at number four, a brownstone building, highlighted by cream window frames and a pair of classical pillars on each side of the entrance. Three floors high and one could only guess how deep, it was as imposing as any other building in the square which, I knew, served as Embassy buildings, government offices and private residences to the upper echelons of London Society.
Cranston clipped his heels on the kerb and approached the door. I joined him and noticed that a little to the right of the entrance a brass plaque described the place as The Club for Professional Gentleman  London. Cranston used the knocker three times.
The heavy black door was swung open by an unseen hand and I followed Cranston through it. I noticed the sort of luxurious interior that one imagined youd see in Boodles, Brookss or the Carlton. Low lighting flattered regency finishings; pastel coloured walls were trimmed with gold at all edges, and light poured around the place as if it were water. Thick, heavy rugs failed to cover the parquet floor and, on leaving the main hallway, we entered a corridor with all connecting doors closed and, I presumed, locked.
"What sort of club is this?" I asked.
"Its what youd call a headquarters."
"This is the club for the Gentlemen then? Your Gentlemen?"
"Thats right. Listen, wait in here will you, and fix us a drink? I want to see if K is in."
Of course," I replied. "Whos K?"
"K is K," said Cranston, unhelpfully, before leaving.
Opening the door to my right, I discovered a sort of library with the rather dominant addition of an enormous table, covered almost entirely by a large map of the world in the very centre of the room
Two men and a woman were talking in the corner and the latter nodded to me. Looking around, the two men each held up their drinks in my direction as if to say Id done well to arrive. On reflection, I thought, I supposed I had.
"Hello," I started, "Im with Cranston." But the moment had apparently passed and they had turned back to carry on their conversation. I went in search of the drinks cabinet.
"Did you hear? Hes be caught." Said the first Gentleman, a red headed chap of about forty.
"Hell get out." Said the lady with a half-laugh. "Hes never been kept in anywhere overnight yet."
"Yes, but this is Egypt, not the East End of London. Offered the second chap, who was younger, darker and wore a heavy military moustache. "They make their prisons like they make their tombs." 
"Hell be ok," said the lady again. "Hes had worse nights' sleep." 
Trying not to be caught listening, I found a collection of label-less bottles and fixed a couple of quick drinks. Sipping one and carrying the other, I casually made my way over to one of the book cases. Casting my eye across the spines, I spotted nothing you'd have found on my nightstand: Customs and manners of the Women of Persia and their Domestic Superstitions, Naval and Military memoirs of Great Britain from the year 1727 to 1783 and Manual des Marines, ou, Explications des Termes de Marine. Just the sort of thing for a little afternoons improvement, I thought.
Seeing nothing by Edith Maude Hull I moved on, sipping my drink, and wandered towards the map in the centre of the room. It was as long as a billiards table and twice as wide. Covered in tea-coloured notes and strange markings, I saw that it had been heavily annotated. On closer inspection I noticed that it was littered with little models. Miniature wooden houses and cars and tiny figurines of people, carrying their names on labels in purple ink. I saw that Alston was in Paris and Mayhew was in Moscow.
On some sort of instinct, I looked across to Cairo and saw a figure there, on one of the southern-most borders, which had Daniels written on its side in the same fine, neat, purple handwriting.
But I had no further time to study the thing. Cranston opened the library door and approached me in search of his drink. He was followed by a man in his late fifties with a neatly trimmed but full moustache, short dark hair and half-moon glasses. He carried himself with a distinctly military air and had a Daily Telegraph tucked neatly under his arm.
On his entrance the trio that had been talking dispersed. Each of them took up a book and set off into different corners of the room. I understood that they had been indiscreet. 
"Jack, meet the paymaster; K."
"How do you do?" I said, shaking his hand firmly.
"How do you do?" He replied. "Perhaps we should talk in the Briefing Room?" He left without waiting for an answer. 
Cranston followed him out of the door and I subsequently followed Cranston. On the way I noticed a fair amount of empty picture frames hanging on the wall and that each was fitted with little brass plaques detailing only a name and a date of death. 
Ahead, I saw that a door had been opened for us in the distance. We three walked into a well-lit room with twelve high-back Chesterfield armchairs facing each other in a circle, a table between each held a glass of water and an ashtray.
"Please sit down, Mr. James." Said K. "I hear youve been made aware of our club?"
"Im not sure how much I do know, in honesty." I replied. "I rather think I've been mostly in the dark these past couple of days."
"And you would like to be made fully aware?"
I itched at the collar. I had always felt that people that go around asking leading questions were rotten eggs. 
"Are you asking me, or telling me?"
"Asking," said K delicately. "Of course."
"I want to help find whoever it was that destroyed my club. Did you ever go to the Dodo Club?" The man shook his head. "Best night you would have had."
"And this is all you care about?" Said K, leading again.
"No..." I replied. "But thats not what you asked."
To my surprise, K smiled. He leaned forward and offered me a cigarette from an enamel box. I took one. He offered it to Cranston who shook his head. K put down the box and took one for himself. He lit it with two matches held together, shielding them with his free hand. I lit mine as well. 
"Around ten years ago," K said, exhaling smoke in his turn. "This country saw fit to organise its intelligence services in a way that covered all the needs of the state." He took another pull and exhaled. "Foreign Office, Home Office, Cryptographic, Communications and so on." Again he paused for a while before continuing. 
"While exceedingly successful during the first part of the war, I personally felt the need for a more... how do I describe it, Cranston."
"Unique," my friend replied.
"A unique branch to the service." K said, smiling.
Cranston smirked to himself, evidently charmed at the compliment, if compliment it was.
"The Old Contemptibles strike again?" I asked.
"Exactly," said K, punctuating the sentiment with a jab at the air with his cigarette. "I set up a few select individuals to undergo some off-the-record assignments, with the caveat that they adhered to three simple rules."
"Which were?" I asked, innocently.
"That they did whatever necessary to bring about peace."
"Whatever necessary?" I prompted.
"The second," K continued. "Is that they are allowed to break almost any law in this country that they see fit to break,"
"Well, that's" I started.
"So long as they don't get caught." He added. "And that a Professional Gentleman never kills."
"Even if he doesn't get caught?"
K sighed a little and looked at Cranston. "I believe that a good sort doesn't kill, Mr. James. Consider me old fashioned."
"By good sort, you mean?"
"Oh, nothing as pompous as the-old-school-tie I assure you. You see, its all about really knowing a person, right from the off. Dont you think?"
"So Ive been told." I said, looking at Cranston.
"Well, there you are then. These select few were set off on their way. I wont go into too much detail But two were artists, three were writers... a few clerks, one General" He looked to Cranston. "And one Old Contemptible." 
Cranston raised his glass and lowered it to his mouth for a sip.
"So quite exclusive?" I asked. 
"Not at all," said K. "You see, the clerk can't fight, but he has a great eye for faces. Could pick a chap out of a crowd of thousands. One of the artists is blind, but has a great ear for accents. Invaluable. The General? Well... As you might expect, he knows people."
"So what is the common factor?" I asked. 
"They are all decent people whom I trust." K stated humbly. "Tell me" He continued. "What sort of chap would you take me for?" 
Rather taken aback, I smoked a little and studied his face. Worn, weathered, but handsome in the old style and well groomed. I shrugged. "Id say Major. Perhaps more."
"Exactly! Bloody moustache and what-not eh?" He laughed. "I felt it necessary to do away all with all those preconception about what soldiers were. Cranston here was the first. Picked him up in France getting a Private out of trouble."
"In Paris?" I asked, remembering how I had met him.
"No, no, no. He was up in Calais. Did the boy a good turn by getting over him to Dover. I spotted the potential in him and put his talents to better use."
"Long time ago," Cranston said to me directly.
"So what is a Professional Gentleman?"
"Well," K continued. "If youd take a newspaper reporter, slice him lengthways and then add in the bits from a cat burglar, a linguist and a good dinner companion, youd be half-way there. I call it social-engineering. Get up close to people and learn all about them. That sort of thing."
"And where do I come in?"
"Well," K said. "I'm afraid you've been nominated. Cranston here says that youre a good man to have on our side. Thought that it would be worth you getting involved in this Embassy business. Tell me" He said, putting out his cigarette. "Youre old Cambridge, eh?" Cranston stood up and walked across the room, out of sight.
"No. I'm a pianist..." I started.
"Quite, quite." K said. "Served in the war? Got your training?" I heard Cranston move behind me but I didnt dare look away while K was talking.
"I did, yes. I can shoot pretty straight, they said, so long as the target isnt moving too much."
"Okay... Good, good." The man said feverishly, almost whispering. "Tell me one thing..." 
Suddenly a black hood fell over my head and I felt a cord tightening around my neck. My chair fell backwards and I hit the floor with a painful crash. 
A sharp object, a knife I supposed, was held against my chest and I froze.
"Did you really think you were just going to walk in here and learn what we're all about? A pianist joining the intelligence services? You're insane. Who are you working for!"
"Nobody!" I cried, stunned.
"What do you want with us?" Cranston shouted angrily at me. 
"Nothing... I... You brought me here!"
"Lies," said K. "Youve been sent here to learn about us. Who are you working for!"
"Nobody!" I repeated.
"Just give us one reason why we shouldnt kill you right here and now." Shouted K.
"How about rule bloody three?" I shouted.
"Don't play games, Jack," said K. "You've got five seconds."
I snapped. I thought about the Dodo Club. I thought about getting smacked about by Vigne. I thought about Elizabeth's games and Cranston's coldness and I thought to hell with the lot of them. I tensed my arms and swore at them: "I know where they are keeping Daniels." 
I said the words before I knew what it was that I had said.
"Daniels?" It was Cranstons voice, and he sounded genuinely shocked.
"Yes, I know whos holding him," I lied. "And if you kill me, youll never see him again."
The pressure on my chest subsided as the blade was removed. The chair was tilted upright once more, and the hood was lifted.
"Where on earth did you hear about Daniels?" Cranston asked, laughing. He was holding what I now saw to be his jacket. I saw that he was smiling and, turning to K, saw that the knife had actually been a cigarette lighter.
"You... You were having me on!" I exclaimed, getting to my feet and backing away. 
"Afraid so," said K. "To be honest, its the only decent way to know how people will react under pressure. By Jove, where did you pull Daniels from?" He offered his hand and I tentatively shook it. Then I shook it harder from anger.
"I heard them talking in the library about somebody in Cairo. It sounded like he was being held captive. Once Id seen the figure on the map..."
"Thats quick work, wouldnt you say?" Cranston asked.
"Damn quick." Replied K. "I think its fair to say youve passed muster. Id be happy to have you as one of us, if youd care to join our select few."
"Well," I started, rubbing my throat. "Id be happier with you than against you, thats for sure."
"For king and country and all that eh?" Said K. "Well, welcome to the Professional Gentlemen. Lets get started shall we?"

Chapter ten

Even the old ash tree's trunk,
Shone in a golden glow.
Then the blossom faded,
The light went out.
Night and darkness,
Close my eyes:
Deep in the recesses of my heart,
An invisible fire burns on.
Die Walkre 
Richard Wagner 

"So where do we go from here?" I asked, as we were all seated again. After his little bit of fun, K had rung a bell in the corner of the room and some steadying drinks had been ordered.
"We keep a lid on it." Said K, enigmatically. 
"Absolutely," said Cranston. "We should collate what we know."
The door opened and a fair-haired, sporty chap of about thirty-five placed a drink on each of our tables. I cradled the whisky into a swift demise and lit another cigarette.
"Thank you," said K, and the chap departed.
"Well, we know they work out of France," Cranston said, continuing the discussion.
"No," I corrected. "Weve been told that they work out of France." 
"Right..." Said Cranston. "Even assuming the source is sound it still doesnt give us much to work on. Have you ever heard of the Red Buttoned Set?" He took out the red button from his jacket pocket and flicked it over to K who caught it expertly in his hand with a snap.
"I cant say I have," said K, examining the thing. "Its very likely that theyre simply fallout from the war, you know. During the action, private armies and government projects were set up to fulfil specific roles. Things like infiltrating resistant organisations, or getting so-and-so out of god-knows-where. When the Armistice came, a lot of these groups simply kept going and, without defined leadership, evolved into gangs like this lot." He tossed the button back to Cranston who slipped it back into his pocket. "Wed have certainly heard of them if they were on any sort of official ticket. We can tell people to keep an ear to the grindstone, but..."
"But that wouldnt be very adventurous of us," Cranston said. "You know, its the Red Button thing thats unsettling me. It seems so Symbolic."
"Bavarian soldiers used to wear red, white and blue buttons." K offered.
"I think it's more than that," said Cranston. "But I've got nothing."
"Not to worry," said K. "More often than not it's just a bit of fancy. Remember the Black Hands? They want to sound menacing, and nothing is more menacing than..."
"A Black Hand?" 
"Nothing more menacing than Gavrilo Princip assassinating the Archduke Franz Ferdinand," said Cranston. "And starting the war."
"Anyway," said K. "After what you told me, its important that we keep a low profile on this business? The Sykes-Picot affair didnt win us any friends across the English Channel." He took a drink and addressed Cranston and I with suddenly serious tones.
"Listen here, boys. This is very important." He leaned in closer. "While we have no official claims to Syria, we are deep into talks with the French about the Mosul region. Huge oil reserves were found there two years ago Its getting pretty delicate." He leaned back in his chair. "We say it's part of our mandate over the new State of Iraq. They say it's part of their mandate over Syria." He relit his cigarette. "It's not an argument I really wish to join, so please don't give France any reason to believe that we're trying to side with Faisal. They had talks in January, you know?" He added, to Cranston directly. "Clemenceau and Faisal? Promised them their independence, once the Ottoman Empire was no longer around." He dropped his tone to a quiet one. "Probably why he's not Prime Minister anymore"
He stubbed out his cigarette and exhaled. "But now Faisal has called himself King and the French are being left in the cold. Perhaps this is their reaction?"
"But why bring it to London?" Cranston asked.
"That might just be the question." Said K. "We need to investigate. You need to go to Paris, to this Red House on whatsit street. You know Alston is out there? He is our man in Paris."
"I remember him," said Cranston. "He can fill us in on who's new in town."
"Thats it then." Confirmed K. "Youll have to go and check out this Red House and see where that leads." He stood up and brushed ash of his jacket. "But first, how about a little inventory?" 



I followed them both out of the room and down a flight of stairs to the ground floor, and then down another flight to the basement. The beautiful wallpaper disappeared. The furniture became bare and the walls were wet with cold. There was a mouldy smell and wet dust covered the bare stone floor. It wasnt a pleasant place, especially compared to the luxury of the Briefing Room and the library.
"The Armoury," Cranston said casually, as K opened a large and heavily bolted door. Shelves upon shelves of military gear lined a medium sized room lit only by bare bulbs which hung from the ceiling and buzzed.
Countless uniforms lay folded along one side in various styles and nationalities. Helmets, packs, boots and weapons lined the shelves amongst technical equipment whose function I could only guess at.
"Weve got something new in," said K. "Youll like this." He handed Cranston a small leather case, which, when unfastened, revealed a shining automatic pistol. 
"The new Star." Said K proudly. "Modelled on the Colt, of course, but newer and much nicer. Look at the wood on the grip." Cranston looked at it, registered no real interest and secured it back in his case.
"Here, take one for yourself." K continued, placing a similar package and two filled cartridges into my outstretched hands as if it was dinner time at the orphanage.
"Whats this?" I asked, lifting a small ornate wooden box. 
"Ah, yes." Said K. "That might come in handy too. Its something our Foreign Office have been finding useful. Got my hands on a couple at the last Bazaar. This," he said proudly, "is like no foxhole radio youve ever seen. See that dial there? Fine tuning. The sound is clear as a bell." 
He took it from me and turned it on. We heard nothing but static. "Shame really," he said. "The Marconi Company were running broadcasts until just a few days ago. Hope it catches on. Great idea. Here, take it."
I took the box from him and held it like a baby.
"Better take a couple of these too," K said, handing me a small red object. "Prototype from the Swiss. A stainless-steel utility knife. Does everything but make the tea. Anything else?" Asked K.
"Yes," said Cranston. "Well need a real map of Paris." 
"Not a problem. Ill have one made up for you by the morning, best its up to date. Youll be leaving on the morning ferry I imagine? Ill have it sent over to your room at the hotel. Now then, Ill let you gentlemen get on with your day but remember: The Professional Gentlemen dont exist. Weve never met. You dont work for the British Government and youre on your own."
He smiled and Cranston saw fit to head out of the room and back up the stairs. I made to follow him but K caught my arm. "Has he told you" He asked softly. "About what happened?"
"Told me what?"
"Ask him..." He started, but then lost his words. "Ask him about..." Again, he faltered.
"Ill talk to him," I said, trying to help the man out.
"Yes." K said kindly. "Talk to him. Its just that... you aught to know."



It was a few hours later that I was sitting at the Steinway & Sons grand piano in the corner of Claridges where people go to soak. 
Cranston and I had started drinking at eight in the evening but as the hours went on, and the cocktail bar had closed, I had gotten that familiar urge to play. Behind me I heard what I only half-registered as song requests but I was playing for myself and wasnt taking any suggestions lightly. 
I was in a thoughtful mood, understandably, and had been flexing my fingers over Joplin, Blake and Sarebresole in their turn. The bar had emptied and the last of the staff had retired for bed, leaving just Cranston and I alone in the room, with the stress of the day hanging around our aching shoulders.
As the night wore on my mood darkened and deepened. I was halfway through Beethovens melancholy little Moonlight Sonata before I turned to Cranston. He was sat back in a deep and comfortable arm chair. He had turned it to face the piano, and away from to the fireplace. His hands were wrapped around a brandy glass as if it was trying to escape.
"To know a person," I said, breaking the silence. "Is to know what music they like." Cranston reacted no more than to raise an eyebrow. "Me," I continued, trundling softly back into Scott Joplins Solace, "I find that these days I need a little uplift. You hear all the great composers, but where was the humour? Where was the joy? I mean, Im sure there are some jokes in The Ring Cycle, but I've never laughed. Music is all about life, of course, but too much of it can ruin the tune."
"Its obviously something youve thought a lot about," my friend said, offering nothing further in return.
"You must have a favourite piece," I prompted. "Come on, Ill play it for you."
"I dont listen to music."
"Nonsense. You cant help it. Sometimes you just get that worm in your ear. You know? When you hear a song and you just can't get it out of your head?"
"There..." He started, leaning forward but he faltered and instead took a drink.
"There?" I asked. "There is, there was, there are or there will?" 
Cranston half-coughed as if he was being coy. "There is one song... If you know it?" He sat up a little and looked at me. "Its called the Gnossienne."
"Erik Satie?" I asked. 
Cranston nodded. 
"Theres lots of them." I continued. "Theres this one. It's pretty popular..." I slowly tinkled into Number 3. 
"Yes," he said. "Wait  no, it was different."
"This one?" I asked, playing the next, Number 2. I played three bars and he closed his eyes.
"No..."
Without another word I played the first few notes of Number 1. 
"Thats it..." Cranston said. "That song saved my life."
I stopped playing. I turned to him. "How?" I asked, amazed. 
"Please," he said, in a gentle tone. "Keep playing." 
I turned back to the piano and started again from the beginning. Just as I was hitting the middle notes with a gentle hammer, he started to speak.
"Were you at Passchendaele?" He asked, closing his eyes and laying back in his chair once more. He took a deep breath and exhaled. "It rained more than any other time I can remember. For weeks, months, it rained. The Germans had been shelling us for two solid weeks and the explosions had broken up all the ground and the drainage in the trenches and men were drowning in all the mud and it just kept rising."
He paused and I kept playing, remembering all too vividly what it had been like.
"We were running gas mask drills. We were convinced that they would use mustard gas and they did but not at first. First we prepared. It became ritual to practice in the officer's shelter. In the dirt. Water up to our ankles, some boys from the BEF and I we were strapping them on, trying our best to talk above the sounds of the shell-fire." 
He then, uncharacteristically, took out a cigarette and fiddled with it for a while, before lighting it. 
"It was in the early hours of the morning when we heard shouting. Terrible sounds were coming out of the distance and it was getting louder all the time. Looking towards the entrance of the shelter and out beyond the trench wall, we saw bright bursts of light in the sky. Bright orange. Bright red. And then it vanished. I didnt understand it at first, but then somebody understood. They were using flamethrowers against us."
I stopped playing as it all came into focus. Every time he had twitched. Every time he had moved uncomfortably in his seat
I started playing again. I felt that the music was helping.
"The trick with flamethrowers," he said, in a tone a school-teacher might adopt, "is to be conservative. The tanks they wore on their backs didn't hold much fuel and so they had to use targeted, short bursts, in precise locations. Once the tank was empty they were exposed  but these guys were pouring fire all over everything and cared nothing for what happened after. We were not prepared for it."
I saw him turn his head and face the fireplace, which had dimmed to just hot embers. 
"We were trapped in the shelter  five of us. We knew they were coming. We knew they were going to find us, and so each one of us knew that we would have to try and get out before they came. One by one they took their chance. Running through the mud and scrambling over the top. It was impossible to know who had made it and who hadnt. And then there was just two of us Me and a Private. He was nineteen. I tried to think of something to say to him. To give him courage. But I couldn't think of anything and I wonder now what might have happened if I had."
"But then he just got up and ran. He ran, splashing through the water and diving upwards out of the trench and scrambling up over the side. I chased after him and saw that he was up and had made it out but... then I heard a shot. He fell backwards, down into the trench and he sank down into the mud in front of me."
Cranston sipped his drink. He then drained his glass entirely before throwing it into the fire with a crash. "And I stayed there!" He shouted, half choking. "I just stayed there. Id done nothing to help them... Any of them And so I pulled out my gun because heaven knew I wasnt going to burn..."
I looked over at him but he was still staring into the fire, determined to finish his story, as the light drained away.
"I put the gun to my head... And And then I changed my mind... And I pointed it at my heart instead And I was going to do itbut then I couldnt. I couldn't do it." 
"I remember rolling around in the mud. I remember pulling my jacket over my head and running, climbing, over the mud and the blood God knows what else." Cranston looked at the cigarette and inhaled and exhaled as if for the first time.
"I saw the flamethrowers coming." He continued. "And then I saw a figure. It was too dark to tell who. It shot out a burst of flame and it caught me on the shoulder. Here"
He touched his left shoulder and with his right hand he pulled his collar away. Beneath his shirt I saw deep scarring all down his neck and across to his collar bone. "I could feel it burning. I knew that if he could get another burst off, then that would be it. I raised my gun, to stop him but... Before I could fire I heard a shot from somewhere else and I saw him fall. I looked around and saw somebody running towards me. They put out the flames with my jacket and dragged me into the woods nearby. He left me there, as the flamethrowers swept the trenches... He saved my life, that man. I never knew his name..."
I stared at him. 
"And so..." He finished. "Even a cigarette lighter. Even a match..."
"It brings it back." I finished. "The fear of fire."
"No, Jack." Cranston said simply. "Not that. Its never that." 
"But what about the song?" I asked. "You said it was the song that saved you."
"Oh!" He replied making an effort to brighten. "You see, it was the first song she played for me. It was the first song she played for me after we got married. It was at the moment that I..." He mimed a gun with his right hand and pointed it at his breast. "It was the strangest thing... But I heard that song. I heard the song and I thought of her. Of Mary."
I turned from him, a little affected, and started playing the song again. "Its like I said. To know a person, is to know what music they like."
"And what music do you like, Jack?" Cranston asked, quietly.
"I like this song." I replied. "Its one of the finest songs Ive ever had the pleasure to play."

Chapter eleven

I dream of her in Avalon,
From dusk till dawn.
So I think I'll travel on,
To Avalon.
Avalon 
Al Jolson, B. G. DeSylva & Vincent Rose

I left him in Claridges shortly after finishing the song. I caught a slow taxi back to Bermondsey Mansions, but found no rest. I slept lightly and woke up at the strike of every hour. I couldnt help but reflect on Cranstons story. On what it had meant to him, done to him, and what I would do if I faced such a thing soon. At first I rejected this. The war was over, wasnt it? But then again, after all I had seen these past two days, I couldnt help wonder what lay ahead.
When light broke, finally, through my curtains I took it to be natures way of lifting me from the bed frame. By eight oclock I had washed, dressed, packed and was on my way to St. Pancras Station for the nine-thirty train.
Lighting the first and best cigarette of the day, I found Cranston and offered him one too. He declined and shifted the bag he had slung over his shoulder. "Are you ready?" 
"Ready for anything," I lied as we boarded the train to Dover. 
It was a Monday morning and the passenger footfall was heavy on the platform, but once we had boarded the carriages on the southbound train we found the thing quite empty.
As it was, we settled into our carriage comfortably and Cranston quietly smoked a cigarette I had lit for him. I saw him touch it to the window as a salute to the city before the train created traction against the rails and motioned us southeast towards the famous white cliffs.
Cranston soon busied himself with the mornings paper. Personally, I had been waiting for an excuse to crack the spine of my latest paperback, The Curse of Capistrano by Johnston McCulley. "Do you know," I asked Cranston after the first twenty pages had flown by. "I think wed be better off like this fellow Zorro. One could never find enough uses for a black mask when facing ones enemies."
"That wouldnt be a bad idea," said Cranston. He looked up and smiled at me. "What makes you think you're not already wearing a mask?"
"Because you can see my handsome face?" I replied.
"Well, yes." He said. "You're in literal mood this morning then, aren't you?"
"Tell me," I prompted, lowering my book, wondering if I was more Bernardo than Zorro. "What did you mean when you asked for a real map of Paris?"
"Oh that?" Cranston said, putting down his newspaper and reaching into his jacket. "Well. Pick up a map and you find street names, major landmarks and all things geographical. What I asked for, and what K has kindly sent over to me this morning, was a map that showed us all things autobiographical. When Professional Gentlemen travel, we take notes. Those notes are passed back to K and he collates them."
He produced a neatly folded map of the centre of Paris. Unfolding it, I saw that it was dotted with strange markings and hand-written annotations. "See here?" He said.
"The Louvre," I replied. 
"Yes, but notice the marking?"
"Yes, it says Le Mesurier. And theres a date: 16 May, 1918."
"That tells me one of the Gentlemen had spotted a man called Le Mesurier there." He added. "The date is when he was seen."
"What was he up to?"
"It doesn't say," he replied. "But it couldn't have been very good. Wed need to contact K for the full story."
"And this one?" I asked, pointing towards another name, Levant, by the banks of the Seine. A small envelope had been drawn next to it.
"It means that Mr. Levant has been seen using that area for dropping messages. Leaving messages for his associates to find."
"What about this one?" I asked, pointing to an address with crossed-keys drawn by it.
"Thats a safe house. The key is usually hidden around the door frame."
"Amazing!" 
"Useful isnt it... This one too" He pointed towards the Northeast. At Gare de l'Est a G had been crossed out and a knife had been drawn next to it. "It means one of the Gentlemen were killed here, stabbed in the back. It was Phillips."
"Good man, I suppose?"
"A good woman."
"Good Lord..."
"Alston knew her, actually. They were close. We might be able to find out what happened."
"Do you think..." I started. "Could it have been..."
"I think that while we officially have one duty in Paris," he replied. "We may also have the opportunity to right some old wrongs."



An hour later we had departed the Dover train and promptly followed the trail of sharply dressed men and heavily coated women on the short walk to the ferry, all her metaphorical sails set for the continent.
On approaching the border control, we produced the necessary papers and after boarding, found ourselves enjoying the modest setting of the onboard smoking lounge and a view of the cliffs. Around us were the yawning cross-channellers who, amongst themselves, were discussing the morning markets, chancing a short rest with their faces hidden behind broad newspapers, or simply looking out of the window at the waves coming in at us from the horizon.
"Cranston," I asked in hushed tones over a cup of freshly brewed and almost shamefully undrinkable tea. "Whats the plan for when we arrive? How do these things normally sort themselves out?"
"Whenever I settle in a new place," he said. "I do certain things in order to keep a lid on it. Im a man of habit  you might have noticed." He stirred his cup three times to the left deliberately. "Did you do any recognisance work during the war?"
"Not at all." I said.
"Well, when we arrive we should see and not be seen. Well be staying in a safe house, sleeping and working from there. The rest of the time well be watching what we'll call the Red House, and finding what we can learn which, in my experience, should be a lot. We have an advantage too. Alston will be able bring us up to date on whats been happening in the city. Of course, if we meet any trouble, well have to be prepared. I hope youve not gone too soft since the Armistice?"
"My purpose in life since the war has been to go soft." I said. "Sleep late, drink well and play a good song. And then you come along and ask me to lace up my old shoes and fly right well... Better men have tried." I stood up and buttoned the j. "I think Ill get some air." I said, looking out at the crisply breaking blue sea out of the window. "You know, I was always tempted by the call of the Navy," I confided. "The adventure of it."
"Well, that wont be a problem," Cranston offered, raising his newspaper.
Leaving him in the lounge I took a slow, steady walk onto deck and around to the front of the thing. I felt a deep, cleansing sense of freshness, as if the mid-morning mist was rinsing me to the bones. The sun was at forty-five degrees now, and I warmed myself in it gladly. I lit a cigarette carefully in the breeze and inhaled.
I felt exhilarated at the thought of what was to come, and yet it felt like a parting. I was leaving the Dodo, London, home  and for what? I knew what. I knew exactly why I was here and I wasnt doing anything out of a sense of altruism no matter how much I told myself that it was for the good of the country. 
I shuddered a little and inhaled, deeper still.
I remembered back to nineteen-fourteen when we had been cheering at the outbreak of war. Friends would dream about the promise of glory. But our soldiers didnt come back with stories of sabre cuts to the arm. They werent bringing back tales of brave deeds on horseback against a terrible enemy. They were mostly not coming back at all. I had been so lucky in so many ways and here I was again with the shameful liberty to stand upright in peacetime in fine health and feel brave.
It was with mixed feelings, as a result, that, finishing my cigarette, I started making my way back to Cranston. 
Passing by a cabin window, however, I stopped on hearing somebody speaking French. This was not, perhaps, to be unexpected on a channel crossing, but the words were coming from a deep, crumbling voice that I had heard only twelve hours before, in the Savoy. 
On instinct I quickly crouched down below the window and listened in as best as I could. My French was never what a native would call fluent, but it was strong enough to be able to pick up the lion's share of the conversation.
"A real monster." Came the first voice, calm and cold. It was White.
"He kills?" Came the second. Rumbling. Innocent. The hint of thug about it. Vigne.
"Why do you think they call him Skinner? Hes insane. He takes pleasure in it. He has no politics."
"But you have killed."
"I am professional." White said. "I was a Black Hand! The only Frenchman ever to have joined. I have the eyes of an eagle, and I never miss. I have shot men so accurately that they should call me a surgeon. Skinner is broken inside."
"They say you shot Clemenceau."
"They say that do they?" White asked proudly. "Well they are right. I shot him in the back. They say I missed five times before I hit him, but they know nothing... I never miss. And I have never killed a Frenchman yet."
"Then, why shoot him?" Asked the slow, child-like mind of Vigne.
"It was to look like a Turk did it." Replied White. "It went well until the fool Cottin appeared. They say he was starting an argument with the Turk over a woman. When Cottin saw the gun wed planted on him, he took it in his hands to shoot the Turk. That is when Cottin was caught. He had no idea of Clemenceau, but it didnt stop him being caught. Clemenceau joked about poor marksmanship. Pah! If only hed known that I got him exactly where I had intended. Right here, between the ribs."
"Why were you in London?"
"I told you once already," White stated impatiently. "They wanted me to watch the Conference. Mais rien."
I could sense the disappointment through the language barrier like heat through stone. 
"Then they make me break into the Embassy. Dieu! What a waste of my gifts." From inside I heard the distinctive sounds of the cocking and firing of an unloaded gun.
"Do you think they will let me join?" asked Vigne.
"Of course. There is always room for more muscle." I heard a cruel, menacing sort of laugh that chilled me more than the sea air had. "I saw what you did to that mauviette at the Savoy. You could have taken his head off and he was a professional." 
I smirked. If only they knew.
"When did you join?"
"A year ago."
"How did you find them?"
"They found me. They wanted me to finish a British man. They called him Sykes. An important man. But he died of Spanish Influenza before I was ready."
"Will I have to kill?" 
"If you want to," White replied. "As often as you like. It is certain that there will be trouble in Paris. The Red Buttons will make sure of that. Come on. Let's make sure we are prepared."
At this the men stopped talking and started moving around the room. Unable to listen any further, I moved away from the window as quietly as I could. Standing up straight, I ran towards the back of the ferry with one of my terrible feelings. 

Chapter twelve

Won't you stretch imagination for the moment and come with me.
Let us hasten to a nation lying over the western sea.
The Japanese Sandman 
Richard A. Whiting & Raymond B. Egan

I found Cranston where I'd left him in the Lounge. I sat down beside him and pulled his newspaper across to hide ourselves against the rest of the room. I took a breath and told him all I had seen.
"See and not be seen," he said, smacking my knee happily. "Well done Jack, weve caught some early luck here."
"Luck? They're going to kill somebody."
"I think that was always going to be a part of it. Yes. This is good luck. It gives us a head start."
"What do we do? Do we contact K?"
"Not yet. We only know that they are going our way, and that gives us a chance to plan." He drained his coffee cup and ordered another. 
"But they could be anywhere on the boat by now."
"And when they get off the ferry, what will they do?"
"They get on land?" I repeated, dumbly.
"No, Jack. Think. What do we do if we need to be where they are."
"Id rather avoid them to be honest." I said, rubbing my neck. "He gave you a pretty hard time too. Theres something about him... his eyes... a bit terrifying."
"Hes not terrifying. Hes just a man," Cranston said, accepting a hot cup of coffee from the waitress with a smile. On turning back to me he drank it and looked serious.
"You cannot assume that these men are more dangerous than you are, or they will already have you. There are lots of rules." He said. "Rule number one; do not get caught at it. Rule number two; never, ever forget that you are just as smart, just as ruthless and just as capable as these people. The difference is that you have mercy and humanity. Remember this and you will always be able to think of a way to get the better of them."
I had never really thought about it this way, and I must admit that it settled some of my nerves. The idea had always sat in my mind that people like the Red Button Set were trained killers at birth. But to think that they bruise, that they feel and that I was definitely of a more cognitive nature than Vigne gave one hope.
"Are they the rules of the Professional Gentlemen?" I asked.
"Absolutely not. They have other rules. These are my rules. Also  number three  dont drink more than you can handle."
"Understood," I said, smiling. "So what do we do with these two?"
"We ask them a few questions," Cranston replied. "We know they are going to Paris. We just have to make sure that were on the same train."



It wasnt long until the ferry came into Calais. The craft eased itself into the harbour, slowed down to a crawl, and finally stopped. With Cranston beside me, I descended onto French soil with my luggage in one hand, fastening my coat close against the swift sea breeze with the other. 
Cranston quickly found a taxi which meant we were some of the earliest to arrive for the connecting train at Gare de Calais-Ville. Since wed made good time, I found it strange that Cranston was now taking pains to dawdle on the platform. He was dragging his feet. Adjusting items in his coat pocket. My feet were itchy just looking at him.
"Wont we miss the train?" I asked, as a group of travellers passed us by.
"Which train?"
"Our train. It leaves in five minutes."
"It's not our train until it's their train. If they miss it, so do we."
I was about to reply, when I caught sight of our quarry strolling onto the platform together. 
"There," I whispered, turning my back to them, facing Cranston. "You see him with the white eyes, dark suit and his large friend with cheap suit?" 
"I remember them." He said dryly. "Come on. Now it's our train. Theyre getting in to the front carriage. Wed better do the same."
We picked up our bags and walked along the expanse of platform amongst the other travellers. I saw through the window that they had settled themselves in the fourth compartment of the first carriage. We boarded through the next door, at the very front of the thing and just behind the engine. We entered the only vacant compartment left, the first, and put up our cases. 
"Thats a pain," I said. "We cant hear them through the wall now. Well have to think of something else."
"We were never going to eavesdrop," Cranston said. "I have a plan to get White on his own."
"Really?" I asked. "How?"
"Tell me," he replied. "Do you know the best way to get a free ticket on a train?"
 


Half an hour later we were speeding along the tracks and the plan was in motion. I was standing in the corridor of our carriage, smoking by an open window, and thinking about what Cranston had just told me. It was still some minutes before it all came good, but true enough the larger, grinning Red Button left his compartment, turned to his right and locked himself in the W.C. of the carriage. Just like any other man, I thought.
I knocked once on the door to our compartment. I gave Cranston the signal by adding a further two taps. At this he came out and walked past me down the corridor and out of the carriage, entering the next.
I threw my cigarette out of the window and followed him, but stopped at the door to the W.C. I knocked on the door and in my best French accent, demanded: "Les billets s'il vous plait."
"Quis est?" Came the reply.
"Le contrleur!" I replied, in what I could only hope was a suitably authoritative and impatient tone.
At these words, the intended reaction was duly fulfilled. After some angry grunts and a few foul words the ticket was passed under the door, in order to be clipped and passed back.
As it was, however, I picked it up, walked back to the open window and dropped it out of the window to watch it flutter away into the passing countryside. I returned to the first compartment and sat back down with Zorro.
A little while later, Cranston returned and sat down beside me. "Its done," he confirmed and asked me to light him a cigarette.
Soon enough we heard agitated knocking in the distance. In rapid French we heard a story unfold about a passenger who had overheard two gentlemen bragging about how they can always get away without having to buy a ticket, and that the idiot contrleur would never know. 
The ensuing business was a delight to hear. The arguments. The protestations. The assertions of having passed it to the contrleur through the door and how it was an outrage absolu. 
Being the sort that they were, it wasnt long until the threats came, and it was at this point, as we stopped at Amiens station, that Vigne was duly thrown from the train. White was in regular hysterics at the larger mans bad fortune, saying that if he ever did find his way to Paris, hed meet him there.
"No honour among," I commented. 
"So it will always prove." Cranston replied as we walked to the window to watch the platform, and our friend, disappear into the distance. One would have almost feel sorry for him  if one hadnt been wearing him as a human necktie just hours prev.
"Now?" I asked, buttoning up my jacket.
"I think so," said Cranston.
We opened the door to our compartment. Cranston put his hand into his pocket and I knew he was holding his pistol.
We approached compartment number four, opened the door and prepared for the drama.
"Good morning." I said, sitting down opposite a dumfounded White, who was in the process of rolling a fat, black cigarette. His eyes were wide, piercing, and, which I found not a little satisfying, frightened.
"Im sorry to inconvenience you," I continued, "But Im afraid we need to ask you some questions." 
The chap spat at me, and earned a crack on the back of the neck from the butt of Cranstons pistol.
"Therell be none of that, thank you." I said formally, brushing his business away with a pocket square and dropping it at his feet. "You see, I know everything. I heard you talking to Vigne on the crossing and feel we have plenty enough to see you sent straight back to England for some quite interesting conversations with Scotland Yard. I think, however, that the French officials would be more interested in your involvement with the Clemenceau affair."
"What do you want?" He replied in good English, but with a strong regional accent. "I do not know what you say."
"Enough," I said. "We know where youre going." 
I reached forward with some pleasure and gripped his collar in my fist. Slipping my index and middle finger around the thing, I pulled sharply and ripped off the large red button which had been sewn there. 
"Do we understand each other?" Cranston asked, as I pocketed the token. "We want to know who youre meeting in Paris."
"I am meeting no-one." He replied, stubbornly. Cranston, again, gave his head a knock to loosen whatever needed loosening.
"I do not know his name," he cried in agony. "The woman told me to come."
"Which woman?" I asked.
"La belle." He said with a smirk. I looked at Cranston who nodded.
"What do you know," I countered.
"I know they need my skill." 
"To kill again." Cranston said as a statement, not a question.
"Perhaps. I do it well. I was a Black Hand." He sat up and inflated his chest. 
"Like Gavrilo Princip?" Cranston baited.
"Pah!" White spat again, but on the floor this time. "He was not a killer. He was fortunate. He tried to kill the Archduke but he failed. Later he saw them drive past a bar he was drinking in. He shot and ran. It was chance. I would not have missed the first time..."
"Who is your next target." Cranston said sharply. 
"I told you, I don't know anything. This man I'm seeing. He makes things."
"Makes things?" I asked.
"He does things. He makes things happen."
"He gives the orders to the Red Button Set?" Cranston asked. Our captive gave a shallow nod. 
"Mortier?" I asked.
"If you say it." White said. "I am to meet some important people. I will be asked to kill you." He looked at me directly "I will kill you slowly..." 
On these words we heard somebody opening the door. Half-way through apologising for the rough handling of our captives friend, after all it is policy for those without tickets, the contrleur stopped and stared at us in horror. With White in my grip, Cranstons gun held to his head, the situation must have seemed one of simple mischief at best. 
The contrleur blew his whistle. We heard cries of murder and all that jazz and, in the midst of it, the pale man had knocked us both sideways and with some calculated or misguided effort had opened the window and flung himself from the train  down into a grassy bank and out of sight.
Cranston immediately swore, dropped the gun and spoke rapid, fluent French. He told the shaken contrleur about the entire affair and produced some official looking papers to seal the deal.
Once the commotion had subsided and we had been allowed to say, we returned, dejected, to our original compartment. I felt that we had failed in our task.
"We know where hes going," said Cranston. "I think we learned from him all we were going to."
"So what do we do now?" I asked. "Tell the French police?"
"No Jack," Cranston said. "We don't know who they are working for yet. We're on our own."
"And Alston," I said.
"And Alston." Cranston repeated, smiling, and picking up his paper. "We three against the Red Button Set. Preventing murders and a second total war."
"Is it always like this?" I asked.
"It never stops feeling like this," he replied.
And on these words, the train tore faster across the French countryside, pulling us ever closer to the capital and to the curious Red House on Rue Tholoze.




PART TWO
PARIS

Chapter thirteen

I can't wait until I reach that gate and home I see,
Sure as fate I know they're gonna wait to welcome me.
Home Again Blues 
Irving Berlin & Harry Akst

The strange thing is, one does not simply arrive in Paris. You return. Even if you have never been before. To visit any famous capital city is always a strange and exciting feeling, but my thought about Paris remains because of one reason: each visitor that arrives quickly realises that every picture theyve seen of Paris, every song theyve ever heard about Paris and every story theyve ever read about how people fall in love in Paris  are all entirely true. 
The Eiffel Tower, the highest structure in the world, draws your eye as it appears between the gaps in buildings. The Sacr-Cur rises above the trees to offer its cool sanctuary away from the morning sun. Notre Dame rings her time-worn bells to welcome you into the city not as a tourist, but as a temporary Parisian.
It was in this spirit that Cranston and I left passport control, suffering a few dirty looks from the station officials. Cranstons paperwork had been either not official enough or too official for words  and on leaving Gare du Nord, we did so with an escort of sorts. 
A warm welcome notwithstanding, we soon found ourselves embraced by the city. Its timeless charm and recognisable jazz-rhythms were quickly felt and hugely appreciated. Walking westwards and north, and up and down those Montmartre steps in that time was a feast for all the senses. The food, the wine, the art... The music. 
I had stopped to hear a guitarist play the single-most miserable song Id ever heard. At the same time I watched an elderly chap oil a canvas with the portrait of a brute of a figure with the brightest green eyes, purely from memory it seemed. And it was a full fifteen minutes before Cranston reminded me that we really did need to go.
Following his lead I wound further up through the backstreets of Montmartre, amongst the gypsies, the artists and the professional drinkers, and then downwards on the other side to arrive at Rue Tholoze in the middle of the afternoon.
Rue Tholoze was a steep hill that spanned all the way from the heights of the small abandoned windmill at Rue Lepic, to the restaurants of Rue des Abbessess at the bottom. It was lined with modest little houses. Locals in dark jackets, flat caps and hob-nailed boots panted up its cobbles. Ladies in floor-length dresses wore bonnets and shawls as they were delivered to their door by horse-drawn carts. Two chaps were up a tall wooden ladder servicing a gas lamp and two boys were running down the hill to chase an apparently misaligned West Highland Terrier.
Amongst this, the safe-house at number twenty-six was unpainted, un-cared for and quite unremarkable in any way which, on reflection, made it perfectly fit for purpose. The Ritz Carlton, it seemed, this was not.
"Come on," said Cranston, knocking on the door. "John will be waiting for us. Were on the ground floor."
"I suppose thats significant?" I asked, wondering why hed said it.
"It is if youve ever been cornered somewhere and have had the pleasure of trying to climb out of a third floor window. I'm not Huda."
"Quite significant..." I muttered, as the door opened and we were asked to come through to the chilly rooms within. "Cranston!" Said a quiet-ish sort of voice. "Been a while." 
"John," Cranston said. "This is Jack."
John was rather bookish. He was taller than I but because of his schoolboy-styled hair, wireframe spectacles and rather stooping stance, he seemed smaller.
He welcomed us in and through a second door I saw it to be a small apartment of four modest rooms. The first, a main room, held a bed, a writing desk, a small fireplace and looked out onto the street. The second was a small bathroom with a copper bath of questionable cleanliness and a small sink. The third was a second bedroom to the back, large enough for a single mattress laid upon the floor covered with a single sheet and. The fourth was much of the same, apart from that it held a double mattress.
"I hope were not going to be entertaining," I said, looking at the lack of any home comforts.
"Thats quite the point," John replied. "John Alston. He held out his hand.
"Jack." I said, shaking it. "Jack James. Pleasure."
"I say, its been a while since youve visited the old snail, Cranston. How have you been?"
"Very much the same, John. Good to see you so well."
"As well as I can be, considering. But enough of all that. Lets get you settled. You can pick which suite youd prefer, but I wouldnt trust for hot water. Weve got the caf around the corner on the payroll though," he tapped his not-inconsiderable nose. "So dont worry about provisions."
"Any hot spots?" Cranston asked enigmatically, as he dumped his bag on the double mattress, to my bitter disappointment.
"Rather," replied Alston. "Its a funny time for France. A new political group springs up every week, it seems." He sat us down and poured us some cold drinks. "After the Confdration gnrale du travail, the union group," he added for my benefit, "started getting cozy with the authorities during the war, it was considered far too nationalist and sections started breaking away." 
He scratched his nose as if concentrating. "Now youve got communist, nationalist, socialist, revolutionary and God knows what other committees springing up all over the place. Dark times if youre trying to keep a handle on it."
"Any of them dangerous?" I asked.
"Not as such..." He said, skirting around any sort of absolute. "A few think that by having a firm right-wing stance theyd gain some sort of edge. They all seem to want to unite the working man. All rubbish of course. All they do is talk politics and so they end up just as bad as each other."
"And any word on this Red Button Set? You got my telegram?" Cranston asked.
"Well, I did," Alston started with a bit of a fixed-grin. "Its a funny thing. As soon as you said it, I started seeing the chaps everywhere. They put the buttons on collars, cuffs... They dont make it a secret that theyre all hanging around there. Big red place. Hardly worth worrying about, I imagine. Just some new group trying to play tough."
"Weve got plenty to tell you," I said, gently throwing my suitcase onto the anaemic single mattress in the next room. "But first, how about a hot drink? Im due."
"I know a place youd like..." He said with a wink. "Got a great view."



And a view it was. Rose-tinted. Le Caf Cach was small, clean and run by a funny little woman who couldnt find enough things to do with herself, like an overeager butterfly who couldnt find the pollen. But as interesting as her behaviour was I couldnt, however, draw my attention from the fact that opposite the caf was a house painted top to bottom in bright, scarlet-red paint.
"I've only been here once," said Alston. "So mind that the tea might be off. I thought it might prove useful, however, to gauge the neighbourhood."
"Its perfect," said Cranston quietly as he set himself down at a table by the window. He put his back to the wall and hid himself behind a dark green curtain. 
"Old tricks?" I said, smiling. 
"Whats that?" Cranston asked without shifting his gaze.
"Nothing," I added. 
"Listen, old chap," said Alston. "I think Ive seen your lady friend." Cranston looked at him. "Tall, dark?" Alston continued.
"Thats her." I said, looking at Cranstons reaction.
"Could be..." Cranston offered. 
"Sends a thrill down you like something bottled." Said Alston.
"Bitter aftertaste." I offered.
"Listen, tell me what have you got against this lot?" Alston asked as he lit up an extremely thin cigarette of, presumably, French make.
Not taking his eyes from the red faade, Cranston recounted our dealings with Elizabeth, Mortier, Huda, White and Vigne. I helped by adding a little colour to the facts as he went.
"Not these guys." Alston said, after listening to our story. "Theyre thugs. They arent capable of anything that big. Just last night, after your telegram, I followed a couple. Saw them walk straight past a bank to break into a tailors. Came out with god knows what. To me that doesnt make them international criminals. Theyre just crooks looking to fly high on silly salt or what have you."
"They may be just crooks," Cranston replied, taking his eyes from the window at last and looking at John. "But somebodys pulling the strings."
"How do you mean?" Alston asked as the tea came. It was awful. We didn't touch it again.
"I think somebody has walked into their little group and given them focus," said Cranston. "Somebody has put the wind up them to expand on their Modus Operandi and find out what they are capable of."
"Thats all very grand," John replied. "I see your point, and all that. But Im not convinced. Whos pulling the strings."
"We dont know yet. Mortier is a possibility." I noted. 
"We need a head count. Names, histories." Cranston said.
"And when we find who it is," I said. "We cut the strings and the Red Buttons will fall."
"Very poetic," Alston said. "You should write that down." 
"Been working on it," I said.
"Youve seen nothing?" Cranston asked. 
"Ive only been on the case a day, give a man a chance. Ive only noticed a couple of guys and your bit of fluff."
"What did they look like?" I asked.
"One large, one almost medically small. Big guy was well dressed, hair like a doctor, curling around the ears. Huge hands. Small guy was tiny. Wireframe glasses. Ears like a mouse."
"The one I hit with the chair in the Dodo Club," I said. "The other one must be Skinner..."
"Sounds like him," Cranston confirmed. 
"You have been busy," John smiled.
"Skinner is dangerous. You see him coming, you leave. Nearly got one over on us in the Savoy." 
John looked suitably nervous.
"Look," Cranston said suddenly. "Its him, Jack. Our friends from the train."
"What a shame," I replied. "I thought wed left them in Rouen, so to speak."
"Well, weve left our mark. He has a limp."
"There she is." Said Alston suddenly.
"There who is?" I asked.
"Your Elizabeth," he replied.
"Its not Elizabeth..." Said Cranston. "I dont know who that is."
Walking a little distance behind White was a woman of remarkable beauty. Her dirty blonde hair curled around her ears, framing a delicately pale face, which next to White was almost rosy. She was wearing a dark black coat with a single, large red button in the very centre. 
"Surely shes not with them," I half-asked, half-hoped. 
"Red button on a black coat," said Cranston. "That doesnt sound ominous, Jack?"
"Shes not even walking with him." I countered. At this, the girl caught up to White, opened the door and ushered him inside.
"Okay, its quite possible shes part of it." I accepted, disappointed at the truth of it.
"Ah... Paris." Said Alston. "Youve fallen for a girl, my friend, who turns out to be bad news."
"I havent..." I started, but was interrupted by his hand on my shoulder.
"It is not use worrying! It is inevitable in this city. Its part of the story."
"Shes our way in." Cranston stated, looking at us once more and taking a drink.
"What do you mean, our way in?" I asked.
"Its how we get into the Red House," he replied. "Youre going to seduce her."
"I hardly think..." 
"John," Cranston said, interrupting me again. "Do they serve anything stronger here? I have a feeling that its fast approaching lheure verte."

Chapter fourteen

Have you been longing for the 'smile',
That you haven't had for quite a while?
If you have, then follow me and I'll show the way.
Ill See You In C-U-B-A
Irving Berlin

Waking up the following day was a trial. After tumbling painfully to the floor from my charmless sheet I stood and made my way into the bathroom, holding onto the walls for some stability as I went. My eyes found it hard to focus and my general wellbeing was unhappy, and yet I told myself that I would survive it, as most men do  through vows of impeachable abstinence and immediate reform. 
After I had said these prayers and completed my mornings ablutions, I found Cranston in the next room studying the map he had shown me on the train the day before.
"The devil who first distilled Absinthe," I mused. "Well,... I hope they suffered."
"I think it was invented as a cure," Cranston offered, sitting at the desk, making notes.
"A cure for what? Happiness?"
"Well it cured you of that last night." He added. "You did make a song and dance about it all."
I suddenly remembered that I had been definitely in want of a drink. It had been due to the fact that Cranstons and John's topic of choice was, for the entire evening, how I was to seduce the mysterious woman we had seen entering the Red House. The ideas had started with sending her a dozen roses affixed to a love-note, and had peaked at me serenading her from the Parisian rooftops... dressed as Don Juan.
"Oh its so easy to mock." I said. "I thought you had ideals about being a good sort and all that rot."
"I do. But why should you live by my rules? Your life is your own. It might just be that tricking this woman into falling for you is the lesser of the two evils."
"Tricking?" I said, incredulously. "Who said I would have to trick her?"
"There you are then," he said. "You are game. Come over here. Lets think about how we will approach the problem."
"After something stimulating," I said. "Perhaps we should get in touch with the brasserie Alston made mention of." 
"I have a better idea," he said looking down on the map and pointing to an area just south of the river. "I know the best place for the recovery of an inebriate."
"I'm not an inebriate..." I said, drearily.
"Well, well just pretend you are. It could be part of your character. Come on, get your coat. You'll need it. There's a real chill in Paris this morning."



We headed out alone, further southwards down Montmartre hill, and it occurred to me just how crucial the Seine is on a visit to Paris. To see the city, and not walk along the banks of the great river, cross its bridges, or journey across into its two islands, le de la Cit and le Saint-Louis, would be as shameful as having tickets to see Don Giovanni, and using them to balance a table. 
We crossed the bridge at Pont de Notre Dame and carried on down to the corner of Place Saint-Michel. We sat down at a small bistro that employed bright young girls in dark blue dresses. "I suppose we're here for the food?" I asked.
"And the scenery." Cranston replied, nodding towards Notre Dame Cathedral. "Do you remember what it looked like the last time we were here?" He asked, before ordering two coffees in fluent French to a kindly, blonde fawn of about nineteen. With a grin and a nod she was gone.
"Time heals all," I continued, hearing, with well-tuned ears, the famous bells chime the early morning hour. "Now, before you induce me into a caffeinated dream, you were telling me how I was to go about this. I've never had a problem in that area, but how does a Professional Gentleman approach the fairer sex?"
"The best way to start," he replied confidently. "Is out of the blue. It's very difficult to come to a positive conclusion if she knows you already, or, worse yet, has heard of you from other people. First impressions always leave a mark." He said this as if it should have been written on a government pamphlet. "As a new face you can be mysterious, dashing and enigmatic. In my experience, a woman likes that... A man in bad business... A man of mystery."
"As far as I can see, thats your only experience."
"Like I said."
"And how would you like me to meet her? Knock on the door of the place?"
"Simple enough to arrange. You live locally, you're new in town, youve lost your so-and-so, and, oh, could you tell me where a good place for coffee is? Oh, you go there too? Well, perhaps I'll see you there someday soon." 
"You make it seem so trivial."
"I don't see what's so difficult about it."
"Its not that its difficult," I said. "But you tell me that you know people. Do I strike you as the kind of person that would stoop to this sort of thing?"
"Absolutely," he replied. "You are here to do what, frankly, I wont."
"The dirty work?"
"Work is always dirty. That's why it's work." He smiled and the girl brought over our drinks. He took a sip before adding: "Im sure shed be more interested in a musician anyway."
"Well,... This is not what I had in mind when I agreed to come."
"And what did you expect?"
"You remember all that business on the train?"
"What business?"
"My book. The Curse of Capistrano."
"That business?"
"That. I expected that. Not this."
"Well thats just hard for you," he started, waving me forwards. It was a gesture I had come to understand as please light me a cigarette. I did so without interruption and passed one over to him. "You know, to really earn her affections, you cant trick her. Everything has to be genuine. You must both show her you are vulnerable and able to take care of yourself at the same time."
"And how does one do that?"
"Well,... thats the thing," he said, inhaling. "You have to understand her. Read her. What impressions do you get  what wine does she drink  does that mean shes cultured? If so, talk about books. If shes drinking gin, talk about film stars."
"Cranston..." I interrupted. "Don't be a snob."
"Read her chapter," he stated firmly. "And show her some flair." 
I wasn't impressed. 
"Remember why we're here." He said with sudden severity. "Its not, regrettably, to make friends." 
I drank my coffee and neither of us spoke for a moment. 
"So  should I wander the streets with a flower in my button-hole  hoping to meet her?"
"Of course not. We know where shell be."
"We do? I dont. You mean you do."
"Alston was at the caf first thing. Heard two of them talking about wishing they were the ones who could be taking Victoria to the boxing match."
"So her name is Victoria?" I asked.
"So it seems." He replied. "And we know that there are two boxing matches on tonight,"
"We do?"
"Dont underestimate local knowledge. John's a bit of a gambler."
"Where are the fights?"
"As I say, there are two  but only one of them is sanctioned. Therefore we will attend the other. I dont think these are the sort of people to put money on a fair fight."
"Quite right," I agreed.
"Exactly. So  come seven tonight well be seen popping around to the Cirque d Hiver, to see which chap lies down first. Make sure to wear a nice clean shirt."
"I always do," I said.
"But not too clean..." He added.



The cold March day turned into a sweltering spring night. Finding that it was hard to don the j., without feeling like a rolled up pig, we sleeved up to the elbow and loosened ties to ease the release of the steam.
Cranston and I had invited John to the affair and so it was that we three strolled down Boulevard de Magenta, down across her wide road to the take in the rotunda that was the Cirque d Hiver.
"Rather a swell place for a pit-fight." Alston said to nobody in particular. "Looks more like the set-up for a belt affair. They do like belts, dont they, boxers?" I nodded towards him, assenting that Id heard as much.
"Do you think that the Red Buttons are financing it," I asked. John nodded. 
"I'm starting to believe that they could book out the Denon wing at the Louvre," I said as we stood in line at the gates. "If only they werent afraid of the boxers slipping on the parquet floor."
On our approach we weaved through the crowds and entered the enormous, domed building. Around us, fourteen walls curved around and reached up its enormous banners in the apex above. Three tiers of seats surrounded a dirty circus pit, that held an impromptu and ill-constructed boxing ring. 
Dodging between people in deep, financial conversation we sat three in a row on a long wooden bench.
"Whos fighting?" I asked.
"Difficult to say  you dont exactly get a program, but, look here... Thats Francois St Germain. He trains a few lads  and tough ones too. Couple of his, Georges Lynch and Joe Carpentier, have both been in trouble a few times over dirty boxing. And over there see, Jack Hiske is coming out. Hes a good lad, but has a fierce left. Ah  it is Georges... hes got a black-eye already. What a cad."
Those around us started issuing feverish bets amongst one another in rapid French and I casually put whatever I had in my pocket on one of them. I hoped it had been for Jack, who I thought had a kind face.
Sooner or later a bell rang, but for all the good it did. The fighters simply looked at each other and carried on sorting themselves out for a while longer before finally nodding and getting to the action. After a quick size-up and a little waltz around each other, they flurried in with arms like iron hammers, before, once more, turning to the dance.
After three rounds, and plenty of false starts, they got into the spirit of the thing with gusto and devastating skill. After a further few minutes Cranston leaned across Alston and tapped me on the shoulder. He whispered "Ive seen them", and sat back to watch the round to its completion, which turned out to be a lacklustre straight-left from Georges. 
Amongst the noise during the pause, he spoke in a quiet but clear staccato. "Theyre over there  directly opposite  by the door."
Looking over I saw the same meal that I'd seen in the Dodo Club, only with different bread and filling. The slices of bread were Vigne and another chap. He was smaller than Vigne  who wasn't  and his fair hair was brushed all up, and then down over the left hand side of his head like a wave. He looked tough and wiry. Between them I saw Victoria squeezed tightly, in what had previously been Elizabeths place. I wondered if this was to become a regular Red Button Set standard formation.
"How do we get her on her own?" I jabbed, feeling that we should probably have prepared for such a predicament beforehand.
Cranston blocked and countered, "Ill think of something."
Leaning back Alston hmm-hmm'ed to himself, and muttered something about what a good sort aught and aught not to do while others were trying to watch a boxing match. I saw that he was holding a pink ticket tightly in his right hand. The bell rang and the next round started.
We sat there like the three monkeys. Alston was hearing no evil as he watched the bout. Cranston saw no evil by paying the three in the corner no attention and I found myself speechless as I looked in the girls direction, trying to read the book from the cover.
Soon the bell rang once more for the close of the round but then an arm was thrown out of turn. And while the action was seen by only some out of the corner of their eye as they chatted to those beside them, it registered to all as foreign and wrong. 
"Fraude!" came the cries and it was soon understood that Georges-of-the-bad-eye had made contact with Jack-of-the-kind-face while his back was turned. 
Somebody cried out that Jack should have a free go in return, gloves down. Another cried that Georges was just playing the game. It wasnt a real fight after all. A real fight? Came the replies. How dare they? This was boxing! None of your mauviette stuff here! A chap was nudged, another pushed back and then benches were over turned and those who had initially no opinion at all of the action in the ring were now annoyed to be end over end in the dirt. 
"Nows our chance!" Cranston shouted in a hushed tones. He sprang up and, dodging the bodies that came flying up around us, raced around the ring to the entrance. I followed, making my best attempt to avoid arms, elbows and feet, which were, for one reason or another, at neck height and coming hard.
"There they are!" Cranston cried, before addressing some locals in fierce French to get out of our way. But then he stopped, with a look of inspiration. In the local language he shouted in disgust at the buttons: "They are the ones that rigged the match. I saw them tell Georges to do it! There they are!"
The reaction was beautiful. If ever two men knew that the time to leave was upon them, these were the very chaps to tell them they knew exactly how it felt. 
But taking care to tidy up after themselves they grabbed Victoria by the waist and elbow and made to drag her out of the building. Just as the thing was looking hopeless I felt a kick to the lower back and was launched towards her, grabbing her to prevent my falling to the ground.
"Here..." I started. "Let me!" 
I grabbed her by the waist and, pulling back, broke their grasp and I stood in front of her so as to face them.
"What do you mean by taking this woman in such a fashion? How dare you!" I cried, absolutely dreading my imminent death at the hands of these two homo heidelbergensis. "Big... bloody... Apes!" I cried, thinking it best to go out with a bang. One might even get in the papers with this sort of thing. If youre going to die, leave a mess, I had once heard an old boy say drunk.
As one fist hit me to the left of my face, another came towards the right and knocked me back into the first. This steadied me on my feet, and, just as some people see red, I heard Beethoven's Fifth.
Without thinking I launched at the two mountains before me and tweaked each of them by the neck. Charging forwards I dragged them out into the street, broke them against some innocent iron railings and showed them just what it means to mess with a jazz man. 
This had evidently done some damage and while I felt that I hadnt out-and-out sorted them mortally, I did think about it for a while. But then I returned inside, shaking the melon in order to check that the flesh hadnt bruised.
I found Victoria arguing with the bookkeeper about a certain something, and after she had pocketed a fair amount, she turned to face me.
"You..." She started, and I felt for a second that it might have been better to have stayed outside in the street with the bread. She looked at me for a moment and then continued. "That was very brave of you."
She spoke in beautiful English with a delicate accent. "Youre hurt... Let me." She dabbed something soft of hers against something sore of mine which set the something of mine on fire. 
"Come," she continued, "let me take care of you."
Out of the corner of my good eye I saw Cranston and Alston give me the most hard-earned nod of approval a man has ever had. 
Looking back to her I said, with a fat lip, "My name is Jack James. How do you do?"
"Bonsoir," she replied. "I am Victoria." 
"Please, let me take you somewhere for a drink?"
"I would like that," she said and I felt the softness of her hand against mine.
I took her by the arm and, as we hit the now balmy evening air of Paris in the springtime, I thought of her, of the wine I was about to enjoy and little else.

Chapter fifteen

In September, you remember,
'Neath the old apple tree.
You whispered to me,
When it blossomed again, you'd be mine.
Ill Be With You In Apple Blossom Time 
Neville Fleeson & Albert Von Tilzer

And we walked. We walked slowly and silently northwards up Boulevard Richard-Lenoir until we hit the base of the great, low canal. 
With its street-level water, the canal of Paris seemed to be just a deep green street  tree-lined and peaceful. A vegetable market was closing for the day, and it caught the last of the evening's light as the best of the season was carried away in large sacks of seed cloth and hemp.
We carried on up to Quai de Valmy, where great amounts of water poured in to its basin, allowing the barges to continue their journeys upwards step by step, and outwards towards Bassin de la Villete and further on towards the edge of the city. 
"It is beautiful here," Victoria said. 
"It is," I replied. "One could live here easily."
She laughed. "I do! My apartment is just up there." 
She pointed to a second-floor balcony overlooking the water. "I like to watch the quai fill up. It takes time, but it always fills."
It soon became too cold to carry on and so, pressing herself against me, Victoria pointed out her favourite bistro, a green-tinted-window of a place, which promised everything we needed  that is to say, most of it.
We were seated, waited on and served within seconds and I sat back and held a glass to my eye, where I felt most of the bruises forming.
Victoria sat opposite me. She held one of her hands to the base of her wine glass. Her other, she held to the side of her face, her littlest finger a hairs-breadth away from her bottom lip. It was a vision and a feeling that the painters spend their lives trying to capture in oil.
"I am... I am not usually like that," I said, seeing any sign of prepared pretence leave me and float away in the cooling breeze down Rue Dieu. 
"There is a little spirit in you this evening, then." She said, smiling. 
"Yes. That's right. A little of the Old James spirit."
"Your father?"
"Sort of," I said, not having really understood the question.
"I think it is important to know," she said. "It is important to know who your father was."
"What makes you say that?" I asked, pulling the red thread. 
"Because we are our parents. We become them in time."
"Oh, I dont know. I say a man has control over his own destiny. They say Rockerfellas father was a traveling salesman."
"You think so?"
"It seems likely. At the time, you see, many..."
"No, I mean about destiny."
"I mean to say, I think everybody has it in them to do good with their life." 
Victoria looked thoughtful for a while and drank her wine in a go, choking a little.
"Careful," I said. "Best not to rush it if the bottles just been opened." I smiled and she filled her glass back up.
"Tell me about your father." She said, taking another drink.
"Oh, he was a good sort. Very busy. Always had an eye on what one was up to, to make sure it was a good thing and all that." 
She didnt seem very satisfied and I read this as an invitation for a choice bonn motte or two. "He used to say very wise things," I started, dangling the carrot. "He would say: Work hard and youll hardly know youre working. Do a good turn and it will turn good. But his favourite was To know all, is to forgive all." I sat back and waited for a response. She smiled. "You understand?"
"Yes," she said. "Did he die in the war?"
"No  but he died during it. Spanish Flu"
"He was a good man?"
"Absolutely he was. What about yours?"
"He was brave," she stated simply. "He died at Martinique. When he died it changed everything for me, my whole life. Was it the same for you?"
"I suppose," I said. "We hadnt talked for a while."
"My father was very brave." She repeated, with a smile. I felt a connection between us. Isnt that what Cranston had said to do? He may not have done, perhaps, but it felt the right sort of direction. I wasnt having to force anything. It was all very natural and magnetic. I must have looked thoughtful as she placed her hand on mine.
"I am sorry..." She said softly. "It hurts to remember?"
"No." I said. "No, its fine."
"You seemed very fine tonight." She laughed. "You handled Vigne and Lemaire very easily."
"That their names?" I asked. "I must send flowers." She laughed. I mean to say, they seemed intimidating enough, but everybody has a weak point around the neck. Its all in the wrist, Ive been told."
"You seemed very capable indeed."
"Do you always have such charming company?"
"No," she replied. "I am quite capable too. But lately," she paused, struggling, I thought, with her English. "I feel like I am being followed. Do you know that feeling?"
"Followed?" I repeated, feigning disbelief.
"I get the feeling all the time. When I walk to my apartment. When I get out of la metro. I feel his eyes on me."
"Whose eyes?"
"I don't know  it's just a feeling. But I am sure it is a man."
"And so you hired those two people to keep an eye out for him."
"Exactly!" She replied, enthusiastically. "So you are in Paris to look for work?"
However pleasant she seemed. However intimate I had been that evening, I suddenly turned into a Professional Gentleman. Here was the opportunity, I thought, and the point of it all. I relit my cigarette and took a moment to reflect on the best possible response.
"So long as its not honest," I joked, looking out of the caf towards the twilight.
"These... people I know." She started. "They are not honest."
"That sounds the right sort of thing but, here, I wouldnt have to see those two chaps again would I? I've no doubt theyd take their first chance to introduce me to the bottom of a flight of stairs."
"I think we will be able to avoid them. They all wear red buttons and they are easy to spot."
"Red buttons?" I asked. "Why do they that?"
"I..." she started, touching her top collar in an absent-minded sort of way. "It is just the way it is," she said. "The way he likes it."
"Who is he?" I asked. She took a moments reflection herself but then came out with it. "He is called Mortier."
"He sounds formidable," I said, remembering his tough demeanour and resolute attitude well. "Is he a tough boss?"
"He is. But he is fair. He gets done what needs to be done."
"But Id see lots of you, though?" I added, bringing it back to her, which, after all, was the point of tonight.
"You would like to?" She asked, sweetly.
"Of course. Youre beautiful." 
This had been too much. It had been just a little too much and she blanched.
"I mean," I continued. "Most girls are not very interesting at all. It turns out that Im quite happy to have been knocked about. If not, I wouldn't have met you." 
"Dont..."
"Sorry?"
"Whenever somebody says nice things, I know they are up to no good at all." She plunged her hand into the ice bucket and for a second I thought I might be soon wearing the lot of it. But instead she withdrew a selection of the finest ice and wrapped a napkin around it. I understood the action. 
"Many men, have called me beautiful and I believed them. I was taught to believe in people. I was taught good manners. But now I am in Paris and I have lost that part of me. I dont have friends in this place." She finally pressed her parcel against my eye and one could almost hear the hiss as the ice hit the heat.
"I dont think that is all true," I added as she looked at me with bright eyes. "You have at least one friend."
"I will decide who my friends are." 
"Of course... It was presumptuous of me." 
Had I peaked? Surprise her you fool. Wasn't that what Cranston had said? Some rot about flair?
"If not my friend, then my nurse. You can take care of me each time I fight people twice my size." 
She smiled.
"Yes, I am your nurse. Perhaps I should take your pulse."
"Take whatever you like."
"Thats very..." She started, but looking over my shoulder she froze. She dropped under the table as if to escape a bullet.
"Victoria?" I said, resisting the temptation to lift the cloth. "Are you quite alright?"
"C'est Beaumont" She hissed. "My landlord... He cannot see me." 
"Your landlord, but I..." I bit my tongue. 
It was with a little groan that I saw a belt buckle approach eye-level to my right. On looking up, I saw a mountain looking back down.
"Vous seul mangez?"
"Excuse me?"
"Anglais?"
"Oui... I mean, thats right." He spat emphatically on the ground, obviously at having to talk to a mere animal.
"You eat alone?" He repeated in English, for those mal au lange.
"Thats right."
"Two glasses?" He asked, to be honest, quite pertinently.
"Oh that?" I picked up Victorias glass as if to study it. "Yes, well. I was dining with a friend. He had to leave just now." He took the wine glass from me and showed the lipstick stain that marked it in at least two locations.
"Yes" I responded. "I had wondered about that... A mans habits are his own I say."
The chap threw away the glass and it shattered against a distant wall. I envied that glass, for that its part had been done in the affair. Heads turned in the place to enjoy the drama.
"Where is she?"
"Ah, you mean he? He left just now. Had to send a telegram. Listen, what's it to you?" He pulled one up by the collar and lifted me to eye level. I registered a small form of altitude sickness, and a pair of bright green eyes.
"Where is... She?"
"Listen here... I dont know who you are, but be a chap and drop me back down at base camp? I havent a clue who youre talking about so leave me alone." He shook me back and forth a couple of times but when he saw no further reaction he dropped me down to the ground. 
With a half-stumbling bit of footwork, I stood and faced his waistcoat as the third behemoth I had defeated in one night turned on a heel and moved out of the restaurant, into the darkening street.
"I think hes gone now," I said to the hideaway, straightening my tie.
"Thank you!" She cried, jumping into a pair of the outstretched. She immediately pulled herself away at arms length.
"I owe him money and he thinks I am that kind of girl. He used to be handsome, they say, but he is not anymore. I saw him at the fight tonight..."
"So he's been the one following you?"
"I don't think so. I would have seen him."
"Youd see him from most places..."
"Je souhaite qu'il tait mort."
"Why dont you just push him into a set of oncoming horses? Worked for a friend of mine," I said, flaring away.
"I couldnt do that."
"Well, cant you find something dirty on him?"
"Dirty?"
"You know  promise a scandal. Put something dark in the post and all that stuff you read in books. Follow him. Find out what he's up to. Thats the thing. Come on. Well follow him!"
"You think that is a good idea?"
"Not really," I answered, honestly. "But we can give it a go for your sake, cant we?" 
Did I imagine it, or did she blush brightly behind the blonde locks of hair that hung around her cheeks? 
"Okay," she said with sudden resolve. "Well do it. But when?"
"No time like the pres." I stated. "Come on. He went this way..." And dropping a few centimes into a dish for the bottle of wine, I lead her out of the place and onto the cobbles.



Hand in hand we hot-stepped it westwards up alleyways and crossed broad streets. We paused and chased. Hid and caught up, before following him uphill and into Montmartre at its peak. We finally turned a corner and spotted the man striding towards, and then down into, Rue Cortot. 
Nipping quietly at his toes, we saw him push forward a large wooden door. He took a quick glance to his right, just in time for us to duck behind a wall as he turned to his left in our direction.
Feeling it was safe, we peeked out and, not seeing him, quickly came up to the door ourselves. We slowly pushed it open just as he had. 
"Bonsoir, M. Beaumont," came a distant voice which, it was clear, was born and raised in Italy. A deep but shy murmur of acquiescence came, followed by the sound of a boot hitting the floor.
"Ce soir nous allons terminer, oui?" The Italian said. Again came the awkward tones, and the second boot fell. 
Taking my life into my hands, I turned to Victoria and held her shoulders. "Stay here, I have an idea." She looked unsure, but leaving her to it I raced around the corner and took in one of the strangest sights seen since Caligula. 
In a large artists studio the giant, figure of a man was holding the skull of a pig in his right hand and pulling a very heroic pose, despite being absolutely naked. Facing him was a very handsome man in an artists smock, who was tightening the screws of an easel with a paintbrush. 
"Qui tes vous?" Asked the artist angrily.
"I could ask the same!" I cried. 
"I am Amadeo Modigliani!" He cried, in a brewing Italian temper. "What are you doing in my studio!" 
In for a penny, I thought. "Im Jack James, I came about the painting."
From the confusion of it all, or more likely because he was absolutely naked, Beaumont picked up his clothes, thrust them onto his gigantic frame and ran off down a second passageway and, one could imagine, into the night.
"Merda! Che spreco di tempa!" The Italian cried and with a grand gesture started to destroy the canvas, muttering something like "Solo donne. Solo donne." With a little artistic regret brewing within me, and before he had chance to turn on the self with that same temper, I withdrew.
"C'tait manifique!" cried Victoria in an elated whisper. We were out into the late Parisian air and it smelled sweeter than ever. "We have him maintenant! Imagine if his friends knew he was a modle artistes!"
"No honour amongst." I said, remembering.
"You are very sweet. How can I repay you?" She asked, falling into my arms. Out of decency I disregarded the first few options that sprang to mind, and merely settled for: "You owe me nothing, of course."
"I will show you the tower."
"The tower?" I asked, wondering if this was some sort of Parisian slang for the first thing that I had thought of.
"The Eiffel Tower," she said, obviously.
"But I've seen it." I said. "I've been up it."
"Ah," she said playfully. "But have you seen it?"



A short metro ride later we arrived. We walked slowly, languidly up the grand amount of stairs, Victoria holding gently onto my elbow as she walked beside me. Coming to the top of the thing, we approached the grand faade of the Palais de Chaillot, at Place du Trocadro, and turned around. 
She had been absolutely right. Never before had I seen the Eiffel Tower. Never before that I understood that not only did it stand higher than anything else in the city but that it dominated the entire world with its grandeur and imposing footprint.
"You were right." I said, beaming uncontrollably like a schoolboy, unable to take my eyes from the thing. "I've seen it before but not like this."
"This is my favourite place to be," she said, candidly.
"Perhaps we should meet here again?" I asked. "Perhaps we should meet here, and talk about your friends. The ones who wear the yellow buttons?"
"The red buttons," she corrected, casually. "Of course. We should meet. But not here." She turned towards me. "I will meet you at le Caf Cach. Do you know it? It is on Rue Tholoze."
"I do..." I replied, straightening my tie. "I have coffee there every day."
"Merveilloux." She said, turning towards the tower once more, as we took in the view. "Perhaps I will see you there someday soon."


Chapter sixteen

You punish me, O Lord,
If I've offended you, I'm paying,
But to the fury of barbarians,
Do not leave me abandoned.
Louisa Miller 
GiuseppeVerdi

Of course, when I recounted the tale to Cranston and Alston the next morning, I may have over-egged the pud. A man new to the game is keen to get on the board at Lord's and I feel, in hindsight, that I was a bit eager. 
We were sat together enjoying a breakfast of rolls and butter that John had brought from a nearby bakery, and Cranston was waving his bread roll around. 
"What did you actually say?" He asked.
"I told you, Mortier's behind it all. Not much more. She's a sweet girl. Just mixed up in it all. I felt that she'd been a bit hard done by." I brushed his crumbs away, feeling that nobody had a respect for fine jackets anymore.
"And what else did you feel like?" Cranston asked, not unlike a headmaster.
"Well," I retorted sharply, "apart from having a swollen eye and a pretty good idea that I was doing exactly what you'd told me to do, not much."
"Tell him your three rules," said Alston. "Seems appropriate."
"I know them," I said. "Protect countries, erm"
"No, the other ones," said Alston. "The Cranston Baxter guide to espionage"
"The one about not getting caught?"
"No, the next lot."
"What?" I asked. "More rules?"
"Guidelines," Cranston corrected.
"Well?" I asked, more than a little peeved. I thought the night had gone well. 
"Okay," said Cranston, putting down the bun. "Learn every language you can."
"Well, that's easy enough," I said sarcastically, biting in to my breakfast. "What's next?"
"Never forget a detail."
"Ever?" I asked.
"Ever," said Alston. Cranston held up his notebook.
"And the last one?" I asked, chewing the bread up.
"Make a difference." He said.
The early morning sun had just peeked out between some violet clouds. It covered his face with a brightness that helped to sooth my humour.
"Well, I think I did alright, don't you?" I said, drinking some coffee out of a tin can. "I told you everything I'd learned, I communicated with her easily all night and I have made a difference to her social calendar. Call you what you like, it's a success."
"Thats the spirit," Alston responded, raising his tin in a way not dissimilar to a Viking.
"What were you two doing anyway?" I asked. "Sitting here drinking?"
"Actually no," said Alston. "Which was a shame."
"I had an idea," said Cranston simply. "We checked it out."
"More than an idea!" Said Alston. "Inspired, it was."
"What was?" I asked.
"Remember what Elizabeth said in the Savoy?" 
I thought back.
"No?"
"Remember every detail." He said. "Which bit stood out to you?" I thought back.
"The bit about Huda? We never did meet the chap." Cranston leaned forward. "She said" He baited. "The Red Button Set are 'looking for an opportunity in Napoleon's backyard'." 
"That's right. You think that means something?"
"It meant a lot," said Cranston, looking sullen. "It was a direct hint and we missed it."
"What did it mean?"
"We were wandering up Boulevard Saint Germain," chimed in Alston. "When he just ran off down Rue Napolen."
"What did you find?"
"Only Saint-Sulpice church," said Alston. "Cranston goes in, talks to the priest. Turns out they've had a robbery recently."
"Gold?" I asked.
"Exactly." Said Cranston. "But why gold?"
"They must need financing beyond the boxing matches," I said, shrugging and drinking. "I can't imagine theft is above them."
"Perhaps," said Cranston, and wrote a few notes down in his notebook.
"So what's the next step?" I asked, my spirits buoyed into action at this recent development.
"Next we put a LIIID on it." Cranston said, looking at Alston with a shared nod of understanding. 
"Is that what you and K were on about? 'Keeping a lid on it'?"
A touch more morning light was now gathering at the opposite end of the room and was slowly moving towards us as if a candle had fallen and its wax was pouring across the floor.
"Thats right," said Cranston. "You'll like this. It's another list." 
"To keep a LIIID on anything," said Alston. "You need to complete five goals."
"First is Location," added Cranston. "We need to know where they are, where they go and get on the scene to observe."
"Well, we've done that, haven't we." I said proudly.
"We have to a degree." Cranston reflected. "We can safely assume that the majority of the Red Button Set are located at the Red House, one more on Quai de Valmy. But we don't know where they go or where they work. And we still don't know the movements of Mortier."
"But that can come later," Alston added. "You see, thanks to you we are halfway through the next goal: Introduction."
"Victoria, yes." I said. I knew that her part in this was as a gateway, or stepping stone to the string puller. Cranston had said as much.
"Your introduction to Victoria leads to number three," counted Alston on his fingers. "Integration. We need to get inside the Red House and see the thing from the inside."
"What do you mean by Integration though?" I asked, directing my question back at Alston.
"We make friends with the blighters." He replied. "We give a little, take a spot, give back some more, and then take the lot."
"Once we're established," continued Cranston. "We gather Information." 
"Number four." Said Alston, unhelpfully. "We find out what they are doing, where they are going and why."
"Once we have all the information," added Cranston. "All that remains is Destruction."
They chinked their tins together and looked for my reaction. In my mind I saw a vision of Victoria laying on the ground, covered in bullets and blood. I rejected it and made to focus on the task at hand. "Location. Introduction. Integration. Information and Destruction," I repeated.
"Thats it," Alston said. "And the best bit is, youll never forget it." He looked at me with a keen, all-knowing air that I had only previously witnessed flashing upon Cranstons face.
 "And whys that?" I asked, finishing off my bread and wiping butter off my hand.
"Because youve already memorised it." Alston said. He got up to top up our coffee from a larger pot by the window.
"I dont like it," Cranston said suddenly. 
"Like what?" I asked, thanking Alston for the drink.
"You and Victoria," he said. "Its been too easy."
"Easy?" I said, angrily. "Does it look like my face has had a good night?"
"It feels a bit easy," Alston suggested meekly.
"Im telling you both that it was hard-earned. Maybe women come hard to you chaps but you have to pick up on the nuances. Maybe its a musician thing. You know, its like jazz."
"Oh don't..." Said Cranston, but I was having none of it. Id made a connection and I was going to see how it sounded outside of my head.
"When youre playing jazz," I continued. "Youre not playing a song." I lit a cigarette in order for them to be amazed at this astounding statement. "You understand?" I asked, but they just shook their heads. "Listen, you dont play a song thats written in front of you... you play the song that the rest of the band are playing and just make sure you fit in." 
I inhaled and tried explaining it using the words I knew best. "You play a minor scale. You have the left hand working away at a nice harmony, the right hand leading the melody  but then the clarinetist jazzes it up a touch, so you respond with the right hand to add a little fill of your own. The percussionist taps away a little too quickly and you mirror with a one-two-three to match his beat." 
"I think I know what youre saying," said Cranston. "When you were talking to Victoria  you were matching her tone, matching her beat. Trying to create a rhythm."
"Exactly." I said, taking a sip of the very black and very strong coffee. "Create the rhythm and theyre with you to the end. Add that one to your list."
"So..." Alston started. "If we assume she was genuine, where does this leave us?"
"It means we need to meet her," said Cranston.
"Im not sure I..." replied Alston, but Cranston cut him off.
"I mean Jack and I. We should meet her and start on Integration."
"Dont you think its a bit soon for that?" Alston replied. "Youve only been here a couple of days and hes only met her once."
"No," he replied. "We need to find out what they are doing now."
"Whats the plan then?" I asked, hammering out the nail. "Shouldnt we have some sort of plan?"
"The plan," Cranston said. "Is to do whatever it takes to get involved. Whether we have to charm, lie, bribe or threaten our way in."
"That doesnt sound like something a Professional Gentleman would do," I replied, a little unsure of it all. 
"Rule number two," Cranston said.
"Do you think shell be at the caf today?" I asked. 
"Absolutely," Cranston replied. "If she wants out, or wants help  like you think she does  then shell be there every day from now on. But," he added sitting by the window and laying back against the cushion. "Lets not go just yet" He turned his head to look out of a crack in the curtains and took out the leather case K had given him. Turning the thing on, he placed the earpiece of the foxhole radio in his ear. "I want to give this thing a good go." 



And so it wasn't until after a morning of reading newspapers, writing songs in one's head and watching Cranston scratching that dial back and forth that we finally left number twenty-six in order to visit the caf in the middle of that lonely street. 
However, it felt not altogether correct. It was a feeling akin to that of seeing the Doctor in casual company. A private thing made public. 
"You know, I think I could handle this." I stated. "You dont have to come along."
"Do you know what you would ask her?"
"Ask her?" I replied. "What would you want me to ask her?"
"Exactly." He replied. "Thats why Im here. If you saw her again you might talk about the weather, about coffee, about the Red Buttons... But you wouldnt get to where we need to be."
"I have been doing this for exactly two days," I started, angrily. "However I was invited personally by you so if you dont think I am up to the job..." 
Cranston stopped walking. He put his hand on my shoulder and smiled at me.
"Jack, Im sorry. I didnt mean to say that you were incapable. Youve done an amazing job already. Truly. I just I need to step in at this point and make sure that the boat you are keeping afloat, goes in the right direction."
I must have looked a little unsure as, turning to carry on walking, he continued. "Nobody should have to work alone, when they have a combined purpose. Working alone is fine, but when theres a job to do I believe in many hands, rather than too many cooks."
"Since when?"
"Since two days ago."
We finally came upon the place but rather than turn in and venture inside, Cranston had grabbed me by the shirt sleeves and pulled me out of view.
"Stay back," he whispered, daring a look around the corner. "Theres a couple of them leaving the Red House. I recognise them from being in the caf. One of them is the chap from the Dodo. The one with the bushy hair."
"What about Victoria?" I asked.
"No. Shes not with them." Cranston replied. "No wait... There she is. But shes not going with them. Shes watching them go and shes going into the caf."
"Good," I said. "We can go in after her."
"Its too soon." Cranston said. "Well wait here for a few minutes." He sat down upon some dirty wooden crates. He waved his two fingers at me. I sighed and sat down by him to light two cigarettes.
"You know," I said, taking a deep pull. "I dont understand any of it."
"What do you mean?" Asked Cranston. "Too many cooks?"
"No. I mean I dont understand why we are here." I replied. "Say the French are trying to fix their hand against Syria and make sure that any uprising is quashed  then why use a band of French toughs in France? What could they possibly be doing to make a difference a thousand miles away from the Middle East?"
Cranston thought for a little while, smoking his cigarette. "Ive been thinking about that too." He replied, eventually. "I cant help but wonder if Elizabeth has more to do with this than she let on."
"But shes still in England, isnt she?" 
"Thats right," he said. "But didnt she say she was working for somebody out there? In Syria? What was she being paid to do? Maybe shes hired this lot to carry it on, all the while keeping her nose out of it."
"Sounds a bit like her," I said. "You think they are going to cause some internal trouble against France?"
"I think its possible," he replied. "They don't seem the type not to turn coat on a coin. Come on, lets find out shall we? Its been long enough."
Cranston stood up and sorted himself out. Pulling myself up I followed suit, pocketing my matchbox and buttoning up the j. 
We walked together side by side down the cold, steep hill and I threw my cigarette into the gutter. With that same strange feeling taking over my senses, we approached the little green caf. Cranston opened the door and entered and I, turning to take a quick look at the Red House that was causing so much trouble and question, followed him in to meet the girl I had been dreaming about only hours ago.

Chapter seventeen

He went in like a lion  a wild raging lion,
When she was through he came out like a lamb.
He Went In Like A Lion (And Came Out Like A Lamb)
 Andrew B. Sterling & Harry Von Tilzer

"Who is he?" Victoria said with an edge to her voice, as we entered the caf. It was empty apart from the Madame. She busied herself with our usual undrinkables and then made an easy exit. One could imagine that during her long years in the profession she had learned better than to stay around for any dramatics.
"He is a friend of mine, Victoria," I said, once we were settled. "A good friend and hes looking for work just the same as I am."
"I did not think you would bring anybody with you," she said, sounding a little disappointed.
"My name is Oscar," Cranston said, to my surprise. "Oscar Brextant. Jack and I have been friends for a long time. He said you were somebody I could trust."
"Trust?" Victoria asked incredulously. 
"I havent been in this city long. But I've been here long enough to know that work doesnt come easy. Getting in the wrong way with people is. You understand that, dont you?"
I wasnt sure what he was getting at, but whatever it was it wasn't doing the trick. I lit a cigarette. I realised that both pairs of eyes were upon me and so I lit another two hiding the flame behind my hand before passing them around. Victoria eased a little at the gesture and for a moment we smoked in silence as a trio. 
"What sort of work is it?" Cranston asked. Victoria looked at him closely. 
"I do not think it is for you. Your hands are very neat." I smiled publicly at the slight. Privately, however, I was a little worried that we werent playing the part closely enough.
"He is normally the brains." I added. "Not the braun. But times are hard." I shrugged for French emphasis and she relaxed a little more.
"I can manage anything." Cranston boasted. Puffing out his chest he looked the type of chap you wouldnt mess around with. His usually calming expression was a touch on the aggressive side.
"I am not sure," Victoria said. "Have you ever killed a man?"
"I have." Cranston said. "In the war. Have you?"
"I was not in the war," Victoria replied calmly.
"But you have killed?" 
Her dark brows furrowed. "You want to ask me questions? You can write a letter," she stood and took her coat from a hook behind her. "Jack. We should go if you still want to talk."
"Steady," I said. "Cr... Cant we just talk, Oscar?"
"Im not sure Jack. I dont think shes the right sort for us. Too much trouble about her. She..." but then he stopped. On putting on her coat, Victoria had accidentally rolled up the sleeves of her blouse, revealing her right forearm. Shining on her skin were the dark stains of recent bruising. It was clear that they had been made by a very strong hand. 
She saw our reaction and brushed the velvet sleeves of her coat back down to her wrists to cover the evidence of the abuse.
"I..." I started. "Please... sit down, wont you? I think we may have started things badly."
"Yes." Cranston said. "Please, let me apologise." 
For a moment I didnt think she would stay. But slowly she sat back down in the chair, wrapping her coat around her so tightly that I could make out her figure beneath the layers. I looked away.
"Perhaps you should not judge people so quickly," she said after what seemed a very long time. "Sometimes it is too easy to think your friend is an enemy. My father taught me this."
Cranston extinguished his cigarette, contemplating it thoroughly. Slowly he lifted his head to meet her gaze, and his hand to meet his collar. Pulling it apart and across he revealed his left collar bone, which bore a pale patchwork of scarification caused, I knew, by the terrible events that had happened at Passchendaele.
"I was taught never to trust." He said quietly. "But I learned it. Whenever I meet somebody new, I have to learn it all over again." He smiled kindly towards her and her frost finally broke.
She sipped her coffee and then, turning to me, asked me the strangest question I had ever been asked. "Would you destroy a printing press?"
"I think I would." I replied cautiously. "That we would. For what purpose?"
"You know the Spartacists?" She whispered.
"German radical socialists," said Cranston. "They tried to start a revolution last year."
"They are still trying." Added Victoria. "They are making anti-German propaganda, trying to get Frenchmen to join them. They print here in Paris."
"Why?" I asked. 
"Its out of sight," Cranston said, admiringly. 
"Exactly," said Victoria. "But we are going to break the presses and destroy the shipment of leaflets."
"Why?" Cranston asked, angrily. 
"Why?" Victoria spat back. "Because we are being paid to. Do not ask why again." She stood and bid us do the same. "Come on. We are going now. Take this." She reached under the table. With relative ease she lifted up and handed Cranston a bag which jangled as if it were full of heavy and metallic objects. 
"Where are we going?" I asked, tightening my belt.
"La Odon Quarter," she replied. "There is a book shop there."



Out in the cold morning air, we breathed frost and exhaled steam. Walking down the familiar hill we joined Rue des Abbessess. Basking in the occasional spot of spring sunlight we followed the road all the way down to Place de la Concorde, across the bridge and followed the river eastwards until we came upon Rue Dauphine and Boulevard Saint-Germain before turning into Rue de lOdon. 
About halfway down we came across a small bookshop that carried the words Les Maison des Amis des Livres above it, written on a long, broad sign in gold lettering. "The house of the friends of books?" I asked. "Sounds a bit..." 
"Looks like the place, doesnt it?" Cranston said. He lay the bag of tools on the floor and straightened his collar, fastening it tight.
"Come on," said Victoria. "We are already late." She pushed open the door to the bookshop, causing its unseen bell to jingle. 
"It is empty," she confirmed as we walked in. "We have taken care of the woman that works here."
"You killed her?" I asked, angrily.
"No. We just told her that we would keep her secret, if she left this place unlocked for today. 
"What is her secret?" I asked, before being met with a stoney stare.
"Like I said," Victoria continued, "she is not here." She went on through, and into the back room.
"Whats the plan?" I whispered to Cranston.
"We do as we're told." Cranston replied, pulling the sack of tools over his good shoulder. "Im not particularly happy about this book burning work, but we are here to make ourselves useful. But if you see Gendarme," he added, "it would be a good idea to run. Shed expect nothing less from a couple of crooks shes just met. Right," he added, waving after Victoria. "After you."
I crossed the threshold. The place was filled, one could understand, with books. Stacked, piled, leaning in rows and covering every surface. Books written in French, English, German and Russian. Fiction, non-fiction, biography and philosophy. And to get even the most casual of browser into a literary mood, framed pictures of writers and poets even I hadnt heard of hung on the walls, overlooking ash trays and tea cups set about the place in matching number and scatter.
"Through that door," Cranston said quietly, nodding his head in the direction Victoria had gone. I opened it. 
"Do you hear that?" I asked. A noise similar to a steam engine was coming from a room above us. Its heavy and rhythmic sound came louder as we approached a small sitting room and kitchenette. 
The owner, it was to be presumed, lived back here. We went on and the sound came louder and then, less rhythmically, a new sound of clanging and rattling reached us that didnt match the pattern  ruining the tune, as it were.
"Up here," came Victorias voice from above. "She has left the machines running. We should stop them quickly." 
After climbing a short set of stairs we found her amongst much machinery and the Red Buttons we had seen leaving the Red House. We were quickly introduced. We shook hands. When it came to the bushy-haired man, I was relieved to see that he was squinting acutely from poor eye-sight. I felt, however, that this still didn't diminish my shot with the chair at the Dodo.
Pleasantries over, they went back to their work. I turned around and saw that the room was enormous. It was difficult to imagine that it existed above the miniature bookshop, but after a quick inspection I realised that it must take in the upper floor of the adjacent buildings as well. 
Four huge printing presses obscured the vision of each of us to another, and they were all running at speed like locomotives, powered by an engine in the corner. 
I saw paper feeding into the machines at one end, turning through ink rollers carrying scarlet, violet and black ink, twisting them through hypnotic motions to leave them drying at the end in neat-ish piles. Rubber stamps, ink pads, rollers and bottles of goodness-knew-what were abound and the smell of wet ink and hot paper filled the air.
But there was no time to appreciate any of it on either an aesthetic or poetic level. We were quickly asked to get into the spirit of the thing and as the other chaps were hitting brackets with hammers and turning cogs with crowbars we opened the bag that Cranston had carried here in order to do the same. Inside it we found two crowbars, a couple of rusting kitchen knives and a few small sticks of dynamite. 
Cranston reacted and drew back. "Jack," he said. "Get rid of it."
"How?" I asked. "Shell know it was us."
"Well think of something, just..."
"Come on," said Victoria, waving us over to the largest of the four machines. 
Standing ten feet, if it was an inch, the behemoth was pouring out paper like water from a fall. She was kneeling on the floor by it, reaching down into its core. "Bring the bag. I need something."
I turned to Cranston who was shaking his head but, feeling that there was nothing else for it, I handed her the sack, explosives and all. Cranston hit me on the shoulder and, on turning, I saw that he looked pale. "Remember what I said about running?"
"Let me help you," I said, ignoring him and kneeling down by her. "I think we should get the crowbar right into the joints and really work them to breaking point."
"Yes," she said, absentmindedly. "Yes, that is a good idea. Start on that one, will you?" She moved to a smaller machine behind. I took a pair of tools and, handing one to Cranston, made an effort to look busy.
"That was good work," Cranston said, sarcastically. "Perhaps you could offer her a match?"
"Calm down," I replied angrily. "If she was going to blow the place up, she wouldnt have wasted energy bringing the crowbars, would she? I imagine its just a last resort."
"Well then," said Cranston. "If its a last resort, youd better stop pretending to break this machine and get on with it." He suddenly wrenched his whole body weight into the machinery and broke a joint. A spring fired away and a roller came loose and was caught up in some fast moving wire. Ducking, we saw it swing around at speed and crash into the wall. 
"Merveilleux," said Victoria happily. "Keep at it. Janvier, Richelieu, Martel  where are Vigne and White?"
"Ils viennent," said Martel, a cross-looking man with a huge amount of black hair greased and back-combed above his head. "Avec fusibles."
I looked at Cranston and he looked suitably anxious. "With the fuses," he said. "Merveilleux!"
Taking his frustration out on the machine, however, he soon took out a second roller which brought the machine to a shuddering end.
"What do we do when they get here?" I whispered. "Theres no chance at keeping up this pretense. They will remember us from the Savoy. Or from the train."
"We have to either finish the job before they get here," said Cranston. "Or just run for it and call it a loss."
"Run for it? Thats not very Professional Gentleman. The whole plan goes to pot if we just run for it. What would Victoria think for a start?"
"I think..." said Cranston hesitantly, "I think that youll have to help her do... what she wants to do." 
It was only because I knew him so well that I understood the meaning behind these last words. It was only because I saw the hint of fear come back into his face that I knew what it was that he wanted me to do.
"Are you sure?" I asked.
"No. Not at all. But its what we are here for."
"Okay. But best to stay and work on that one by the door. Jingo?" 
"Jingo?" He asked.
"Jingo. By Jingo. Oh by Jingo?" I sung the first line of the song for him. "Nothing? Come on, Cranston. Get on the train." 
"Right," he said, none the wiser, and went over to help Janvier and Richelieu with the second machine. 
Heading back to Victoria I knelt down and saw that she was, indeed, fitting the explosives to the base of the largest machine. "Do you need any help?" I asked. "I had a little experience at the Front with this sort of thing." She looked at me but merely shrugged. "It is ok," she said. "I have done this before. I only need a little. We are not breaking the whole building." 
Relieved to hear this, it was still with some trepidation that I saw her take a knife and trim the dynamite down by a fifth. Once done she placed it securely between the two lower struts of the pulsating machine and looked up at me. 
"I know I said White and Vigne would not be coming, but it is necessary. They are bringing something for me. Are you very mad?"
"I will be if they break my neck and kill me. Very cross." I said, as if to a child. "Listen, you dont need them. Try this..." 
Standing up I took from my pocket two books of matches. Taking some fixing tape from a table nearby I laid the matches side by side so that the heads were in a row twenty long. Taping them from each side I then trimmed the heads from the matches with a knife, leaving a long row of phosphoric fuel. Fitting one end into the dynamite stub, I gave her a nod. 
"That should do the job. We'd have about thirty seconds." I said, finishing it off. Victoria looked at me with an expression of utmost impress. "Where did you learn that?"
"Oh, you dont go far during Chinese New Year without learning this sort of stuff," I replied. "Should we warn the others?" 
"They will run when we run," she said, devilishly. "They know that when I go, they go. They have learned this the hard way, some of them." 
She laughed and I saw the glint of something within her smile that had not been present before. I stood up and turned around to pull my jacket close and fasten it. Taking the opportunity to do so, I threw a rubber stamp at Cranston which had the combined effect of leaving a purple stain on his shirt and making him turn around. I pointed towards the door.
His eyes went wide, but were strangely distant. I felt he was looking right through me, but I soon understood that he was looking over my shoulder. Turning, I saw Vigne and White in the doorway. 
While Vigne seemed relatively uninterested in us, White realised who we were at once and swiftly pulled out his gun. 
I ducked down and, taking a lighter from Victoria's hand, lit the fuse. I suddenly remembered what Beethoven had once said: "Music should strike fire from the heart of man, and bring tears from the eyes of women." Well, I mused. This would do it.
The thing sparked and flame came to it solidly. I grabbed Victoria by the arm to lead her out of the line of fire. Running around the machine to hide behind it she screamed something in French which caused everybody to scatter. 
Vigne and White took flight back down the staircase they had come up and everybody else, Cranston, Victoria and I included, tore through a door to the rear of the room. We charged out, single-file, down a flight of stairs to the back of the building and out into the street. We three outstripped the others and ducked down an alleyway just as the explosion hit. A minor explosion it might have been, but the damage was formidable. The boom echoed against every building in the area, and each window on the south-facing wall shattered into sand. Burning pamphlets carrying the message Rejoignez vos frres! were thrown up into the air and floated gently down around us in a cloud of smoke.
"Fantastique!" cried Victoria, hitting me on the chest with the side of her fist. "Magnifique! Wonderful!"
"So when do we get paid," Cranston said. He looked shaken and ill but by showing a couple of teeth in his corner of a smile, he caused Victoria to laugh. "I think you friend does not like explosions," she said. 
"Oh he does," I replied. "Nothing more." 
We all stood and I brushed off dust and debris from my poor jacket. I offered my hand to Victoria to help her up and to my surprise she took this opportunity to throw her arms around me and kiss me passionately on the lips. Taken aback I could do nothing but get into the spirit of the gesture. Holding her close I let her do what it was that she wanted to do.
"Where are Richelieu and Martel," she asked once the moment was over. "Where is Janvier?"
"I think they've gone," Cranston said. 
"Gone? Gone where?"
"They must have just bolted," I added. "At the explosion."
"They were not supposed to leave me." She said. "Still We have done well today. They will get what they are owed." She turned to me. "Let us go somewhere." She looked at me with bright, shining eyes.
I made to look towards Cranston for a little friendly opinion, but instead I felt her hand pull my head back towards hers. "Come, Jack," she whispered. "I want to go to the canal."

Chapter eighteen

She'd always hug and kiss you 'cause she felt so light and gay,
And I suppose you're worried since they took the wine away!
Wait Till You Get Them Up In The Air, Boys 
Lew Brown & Albert Von Tilzer

I did not sleep much. Victoria and I had continued to drink after arriving at Quai de Valmy. Still drunk from it all, I had been tossing and turning well into the early hours and, after resigning to the fact that rest would not come, I finally got up. 
Victoria was asleep and I made sure to be quiet. After the events of the previous day I was fairly sure that loud noises did a number on her and I hadnt the energy for another round. 
Instead I crossed the room and sat myself on the window ledge, looking out towards the dark and rainy streets and blue-green water of the canal. Wood pigeons hooted like owls, and draughts gathered in the corners of the place. 
It was a single room apartment. The toilet was on the landing and the only place to clean up was at a sink in the corner, by the bed. 
But when the sky cleared and the clouds revealed the moon, its light poured through the window and bathed all that it landed upon in midnight heat. For this effect alone I understood why she stayed lived here. I counted on my fingers all the buttons I'd met so far. Richelieu and Lemaire from the Dodo. White and Vigne and Skinner from the Savoy. Martel and Janvier who I'd met at the printing presses and finally Mortier from my flat. Eight more reasons, perhaps, why she stayed here and not on Rue Tholoze.
I tried to light a cigarette but then I remembered my trick at the bookshop. I made a quick search of her apartment for a light and found a matchbox above a pile of borrowed books in the corner. I struck two together. Opening the window I sat down by it and looked out again. I breathed for a while.
 One had to wonder. Days previously I would have woken late and taken breakfast at leisure. Id have strolled into the city and whiled away my time with friends until I found myself in the company of the smart set at the Dodo.
As it was, here, instead, I found myself. Half-enjoying a Parisian spring in the company of near-strangers, having spent an evening with a beautiful woman, shins deep in international espionage.
I lit another after cigarette. I decided on the third cigarette that the issue was in the LIIID model. Information should come first, I thought. You can't enter a thing until you know the shape of it.
And then there was the Red Button Set. How many more were there? What were they doing in Paris apart from all this blustering and gang work? Did they even have a bigger picture, or had Elizabeth been stringing us along ever since London?
And then there were the Professional Gentlemen? Who knew what K was all about. He wouldnt have been the first brass-hat to have fallen foul of a false call to action. Alston seemed ok, but one knew better than to put trust in a gambler who keeps secrets for a living.
 And then there was Cranston. Cranston Baxter. Professional Gentleman and amateur philosopher. Pragmatist. Philistine. List maker.
He had plucked me from obscurity to enter into this game of cat and mouse, so why did I feel like the cheese? What was my place in this? Detective? Decoy? Deadweight? 
These thoughts rolled around like marbles in my head. Ever moving but never reaching a destination. I threw the fourth cigarette butt out of the window and closed the shutters. I crossed the room and slipped back into bed. 
"Do you always get up out of bed and smoke four cigarettes?" Victoria asked coyly. She, like me, still seemed a little worse-for-wear.
"English custom," I replied. 
"I thought I had frightened you." 
She had, I remembered, but in a good way. "Not a bit of it," I replied. "Its what many must come to Paris for."
"For me?"
"For the dream." 
"And what is the dream?"
"Well," I replied, tucking some of her hair behind her ear. "You come to Paris. You drink coffee in the morning. You smoke cigarettes and visit the art until it is time for fine dining. You drink cocktails and then go to bed with a beautiful French girl."
"That sounds like a good dream." 
"It was," I said, kissing her sweetly. "What did you come to Paris for?" 
She stirred a little and rubbed her eyes before sitting up.
"I came to work." She replied finally.
"I thought those men were your bodyguards?" I said, playfully.
"They are and they aren't. I am still being followed." 
"You mystery man?" I said.
"Yes. I think I saw him yesterday. He looked like a Turk."
"You must forget him." I said. "Or get one of your chaps to get rid of him."
"Kill him you mean?" 
"Needs must."
"Must what?" She said, confused at the phrase.
"It means you have to make something happen now, to get what you want later." I explained.
"Yes. That is very true. I did not think I would have had to help out with all of this."
"What is all this?" I asked curiously. "You havent been setting explosions all over town, surely?"
"We do different things." She said, shrugging. The wine had been very strong and she had needed a lot. 
"We have taken things from hospitals. Taken things from drug men on this canal. We stole some nice clothes from Rue Cambon. Trs agrable. The men run a brothel in Pigalle" she faltered slightly. "We stole from a church. And now we have broken the printing press."
"You have been very busy," I said, trying to memorise the details. Hospital. Drugs. Clothes. Brothel. Church. Press.
"Why do you have to do it?" I asked. "Surely there are other ways you can get by?"
"They... need me." She replied. "Someone people will trust. They all look like crooks."
"But do you need them?"
"Il est ncessaire! You cannot be with a girl and then judge her."
"I didnt mean..." I started, but it was obvious that I had hit a nerve. 
"You think you can rescue me from them? You do not even know me."
"I know you are better than this," I said. "I know that you deserve better than to spend your time working for that gang of crooks."
"Well I dont," she said, kicking me out of the bed and throwing about the j. Will nobody treat that jacket right? I felt that this wasnt the time to mention it and when she threw boots too I knew it was the moment to go. 
"You cannot help me Jack," she said. "Personne ne peut..."



On returning to the safe house I found Cranston fiddling with his dials once more. He asked me how it had gone and I told him Id write up my notes for the morning, after breakfast. He looked tired. Seeing him made me feel it all the more and so I managed a couple of hours rest. 
On waking, I bathed and readied myself for an early morning feast that Alston had promised us if we were good enough sorts and could manage to drag ourselves out onto Rue du Croissant. 
The so-called best caf in all of Paris was in the 2nd arrondissement. It was a good half an hours walk through the crisping morning air. Having strayed a little too far east, however, I had had to ask directions in rusting French and so was the last to arrive.
"Good of you to join us," John said cheerfully, motioning to the empty chair at their table as he saw me approach. They were sitting outside Caf Croissant which bore its name in peeling gold letters. "We were about to order without you."
"Feel free," I replied, sitting down in the empty chair beside them. "Just a coffee for me."
"Im afraid not," said Cranston. "John has promised us the best breakfast in the city, and I think we owe it to him to prove it."
And what proof it was. Rich pastries, hot strong coffee, freshly squeezed orange juice and something that was entirely new to me. "Its called Eggs Benedict," Alston stated. "Poached eggs on bacon, resting on soft buttered muffins. With more than a dash of hollandaise sauce, youll never go back to boiled."
It was in these good spirits that we enjoyed the quiet morning hours together. John held court with stories of his years since becoming a Professional Gentleman. "I was invited by K directly," he said. "Saw me out on the Front with some other chaps getting ourselves out of a hole wed, quite literally, dug for ourselves. Ended up saving a couple of boys who found themselves in the wrong camp."
"How did you bring them back?" I asked, fascinated.
"Back? No  they were German. No more than fifteen years old if they were a day. I took their guns, took their knives and took their boots. Sent them packing back over the wall. God knows what they were doing there, probably found themselves on the wrong side of some General and were sent over to get killed."
"Dont you think it was a bit dangerous to let them go?" Asked Cranston with a serious tone. "They could have just come back the next day."
"Im not so sure..." replied Alston in a philosophical tone. "I find that a man doesnt forget the time he got a break. He reaches a low, and thinks this is it for me and if he gets out of the scrape, he sees things differently. I think we should always be ready to forgive, dont you?"
"Listen," he finished. "I cant regret it, as if I hadnt shown them that kindness, I wouldnt have come to the attention of certain people who felt the same as I did. They, then, wouldnt have mentioned it to K, and I wouldnt have found my way here and to Christine"
He was quiet a little while. I understood that this was Phillips. The friend who had been killed and left at Gare de lEst.
"What happened?" I asked. 
He looked up.
"I Dont know." He said. "I was coming back from the races I found her sitting on a bench. Strangest thing I just couldnt wake her up, you know. Then I realised. Never knew who did it. But you find a way to get over it, right Cranston? I just got my head down and now Im sitting here with you two fine Gentleman, enjoying Paris in the springtime."
The conversation slowly drifted away from the deeper things and moved on to the action of the preceding day. I recounted all I had learned from Victoria.
"I wonder what it all means?" Said Alston. "Six very different crimes. Hard to see the connection." Cranston said nothing and looked pensive. 
"Surely theyre all just ways of making money." I said. "They always were just hired thugs. Maybe thats the point. Theyre trying to finance something bigger?"
"I think that must be it." Said Cranston, simply. "Youre right. There doesnt seem to be a connection."
"Unless they are trying to create a drugged-up, well-dressed prostitute with a heart of gold." I said. "So it doesnt help us that much." 
"It does set our days work out for us." Cranston added brightly. "John. I need you to visit Pigalle. Find out all you can about this brothel of theirs."
"Of course" Alston replied, darkly.
"And you, Jack. Go to Rue Cambon. Find out what they stole, and from who."
"Absolutely."
"Ill make some enquiries about the Hospital robbery."
"By the way," said Alston, leaning over. "This was left for you at the caf. The Madame gave it to me this morning on my way down here." 
He handed me a yellowed envelope bearing my name in slanted, soft handwriting. Opening it, I found a folded letter which bore only a few lines of the same handwriting. 
"Its from Victoria," I said. They both looked at me intently, each wearing a curious expression. "She wants to meet me this evening at the Musee de LOrangerie. Shes going to tell me everything."

Chapter nineteen

I wrote a letter to Kitty, my own,
And told her that I'd soon be starting for home.
I know when she reads it, will sure make her smile,
For faith, and I can't help but sing all the while;
Pretty Kitty Kelly 
Ed. G. Nelson & Harry Pease

"It was top hats and tails," I told Cranston. "Theyre off to a ball, apparently." 
I had found him back at number twenty-six in the early afternoon. He had been dozing in the corner of the room, the radios earpiece hanging, fallen, on his shoulder. I had woken him and, starting, he quickly thrust the thing back in place before registering that it was me. He straightened and rubbed his eyes. 
"A ball?" He asked, groggily.
"The clothes they stole. From Rue Cambon. It was top hats and tails. From Maison de la Mode. Wonderful girls they have in there. I put something down for one of their new jackets."
"What do you mean a ball?" He sounded cross.
"Well," I started, faltering. "Why else would you"
"So you dont know its a ball?" 
"Well no." I said, losing my temper too. "No I dont. But I also dont fall asleep in the middle of the day."
"It must be nice to sleep like a baby." He replied, dryly.
"Perhaps Ill just go" I said. It was best to leave a thing where you found it, once in a while. "Ive got to get ready."
"Yes," he said, remembering. "For your rendezvous with the whore."
"Leave her alone Cranston. Shes as mixed up in all this as we are."
"Dont be blind, Jack. Victoria is one of them. Dont think shed do you any favours if it came to a matter of you or her."
Livid, I let him have it. "And Elizabeth would? You put your trust in her, and all shes done is send us around in circles. She had you running around London like a dog, and you let her go. She should be locked up for what shes mixed up in. But no this one likes me, so she must be a rotten egg."
"Just ask her why shes taking you to the museum," he said, quietly and in a controlled way. "And not taking all of us to Mortier. Ask her that, will you? Im dying to know." He strode over, and for a second I thought he was going to finish the thought with his best shot  but he walked past and left the place with a slam of the door. 
The small radio in the corner where Id found him hummed gently. From across the room the tiny sound piece delivered nothing but useless static, which suddenly seemed to fill the room.



The red haze of my argument with Cranston rang in my ears as I prepared for this new assignation. I was convinced that finally this was it. The big reveal. The final resolution, and then Id show Cranston who could do what.
I bathed again. I trimmed my fingernails. I shaved. I dressed smartly-but-not-too-smartly then filled and emptied my pockets again and again with the things I thought Id need. 
Laid out on my bed were the pocket knife, a mirror, a comb, two books of matches, a notecase containing a few francs, a cigarette case, my moleskin, a pencil and the revolver that K had placed into my hands a lifetime ago. I fancied I would need either all of it or none of it but, having no experience knew not which. My habit in London was to carry enough money to last me a week, and enough cigarettes to last me a night. They were both usually gone by the morning.
In Paris, on the circumference of a group of ruthless and globally minded men, I felt a better preparation would be necessary. 
As it was, when finished, I had upon my person a full case of Murad cigarettes, two books of matches, the pocketknife, my notecase, and, against my better judgement, the gun.
Just as I was winding my watch I felt eyes on the back of my head. "You look nervous." I turned around and saw Alston smiling in the doorway. It could have been that he was watching me this entire time. "I find," he continued. "That if Ive thought ahead to the sort of things I might be called on to talk about, I feel much more at ease." He padded his pocket and pulled out a cigarette case, emptying it for two. "I mean, it could be that she will know who you are, what your story is and what you want from her." 
"How would she know?" I asked, taking the other cigarette from him and lighting it.
"They always find out in the end." He replied. "Its just the way it goes. The lies only hold so long." After a long exhale he added: "Do you know what youll tell her?"
"I think Ill find something," I retorted. "Im not so bad on my feet."
"So Cranston tells me." He replied, flicking ash towards the corner of the room. "Especially when youve got a hood over your head."
"He told you that, did he?" 
"Told me?" He said, dramatically. "Of course he told me. Every one of us thought we were going to die when the hood came." He pulled at the cigarette. "Every one of us went to bribery, and then beggary, before we were left alone." He paused, I felt, for further dramatic effect.
"You," he continued, "you offered them an ultimatum regarding the release of a Gentleman, who you had no right knowing even existed, from a place you had no right knowing he was being kept. Cranston couldnt stop talking about it."
"He" I started. "He didnt say."
"Thinks a lot of you, that chap." 
"What about you?" I asked. "How did you cope?"
 Alston took a long pull on his cigarette and then contemplated it for a few seconds. Long enough to give the impression that he wasnt going to answer. He then exhaled and spoke with a hint of glamour. "If theres one thing I can do, its to find a way out of trouble. Always have  always will. Its my gift."
"What did you do?"
"I bet them my life," he said, pulling something out of his pocket. "On the toss of a coin." He held up a 25 centime piece, newly minted, with its characteristic hole in the middle.
He turned and threw his cigarette into the empty fireplace. "And one last thing, Jack? Leave the gun. Sticks out like a sore thumb." 
He left and, judging from the sound of clinking bottles in the next room, went in search of a drink.



Cranston was out, I knew, at the caf. What the connection was between the suits, the gold and all the rest of it to the Red Buttons, I couldnt yet say, but that was his job, after all. My job was to, as Alston had put it, get fancy with Nancy. Perhaps Nancy was feeling generous and I would come back to tell him everything he needed to know, all wrapped up in a bow.
I left the house with that happy thought still running through my head and followed the winding streets that straightened out onto Rue de Caumartin. And down, once again, into Place de la Concorde where the Egyptian obelisk sticks out, I reflected happily, like a sore thumb. 
I was whistling a tune as I crossed over and into the small orchard that surrounds the Musee de LOrangerie. The bright building was adorned by columns all along its sides, which held up the enormous glass panels that hugged the building close. 
On entering I discovered that the coolness one normally feels in a museum was not to be found. It was warm and airy, more a botanical garden than anything else. 
I was whistling my song, feeling the heat of the sunshine as it poured through the panes of glass when I saw Victoria. She came over to me from the opposite corner and embraced me more warmly than I thought was due, considering the events of the previous evening, but I didnt protest the gesture. 
"I hoped you would not come, Jack," she spoke softly. I was instantly confused. She had quite literally booted me out the door, before asking me to meet her. Now she embraces me and tells me she isnt happy to see me. One had to wonder sometimes, that you werent missing something.
"I hoped you would have gone back to England and forgotten about all this."
"My dear," I exaggerated. "I had to see you." She smiled and tugged my arm into hers and led me even deeper into the building. 
"You are very sweet."
Home to the new masters of what they were calling the Impressionist school, the walls shone with the minds-eye portraits of how artists feel and see. I found myself instantly attracted to a very blue panel of what I took to be water and flowers.
"You like Monet?" Victoria asked with a touch of approval. 
"Rather," I replied, remarking how lovely the thing was. 
"They say he is the father of the movement. What the world would be without him. Perhaps it would be less charmand, non?"
"Thats a nice way to look at it," I agreed. "A mans measure marked in not who he is, but what he leaves behind."
"And what will you leave behind?" She asked, putting one on the spot.
"Well, in materials, not much." I replied, thinking of what was left in my flat. The piano would be worth a little, of course, but it wasnt the stuff of remembrance. I thought of the place, and of that first night of Cranston and Elizabeth and Mortier and the notebook. I thought of the way we had discovered the message together and all that had followed. 
I had drifted. I brought the thing back to Victoria.
"Maybe I should be collecting Red Buttons?" I joked.
She winced as, of course, I should have known she would. She turned away from me towards the next painting. I reeled back to what Alston had said about preparing oneself for expected questions. On no level would I have prepared myself for what will you leave behind when you are dead and felt better for the fact.
I turned to her once more, and found her focussing on a portrait on the south wall, "Good Lord." I exclaimed. "Thats Wagner!" 
Victoria was looking up at the face of a man whose legacy I knew very well. However, in the grandeur with which one normally surrounds the master of opera, the portrait seemed quite comical. 
Loosely balanced above an undone collar, Wagners head had been put together with the broadest strokes of the brush which gave the impression, you see, that not only was he was sucking on a lemon but enjoying the taste.
"Im not sure it captures the essence of a man whose pen inscribed Act III of Die Walkre." I exclaimed. "But then again Mussorgsky looked like a pieman."
"What do you see?" She asked, ignoring the joke so completely that I blushed to have even thought of it.
"It is Wagner, isnt it?" I replied, wondering if I was making more of a fool that I had been intending.
"Yes it is," she replied. "And so it is him you see?"
"Of course."
"And what about him?"
"Oh. Well. You dont often find Wagner in a field of daisies. It makes me think about fjords and Rhinemaidens. The Flying Dutchman crashing through the waves and of..." I hesitated. "Tristan and Isolde." She turned to face me with a serious expression. 
"I see Renoir." She turned back to the painting and studied it so intensely that I felt she was following each brush stroke in chronological order.
"This is Renoir?" I asked.
"He is the painter." 
"Was that a riddle?" I asked, feeling as though Id been had somewhat.
"Some people see one thing and some another. You see the painting, I see the painter."
"You see the bigger picture, you say?"
"I have heard that said before. Yes, I think that is it. They thought he was a spy." I gave her a look.
"Not all Germans are spies," I reprimanded. There was enough truth about Wagner, I remembered, for there to be any room for falsehoods.
"No," she replied. "Renoir. He was fond of painting by the Seine. During the La Commune de Paris, some Communards took him as a spy. They wanted to throw him into the river and drown him."
"What happened?"
"A friend of his, a leader of the Commune, recognised Renoir as a friend and convinced his friends to release him." 
"It pays to have good friends," I teased. "People you can trust?" 
"I trusted my family. My father." She looked at me, almost as if she was about to cry. And I hadnt brought my pocket-square. "Family is the most important thing, do you not think?"
"I do," I said. "But sometimes there can be more. I trust you. Do you trust me?"
"Yes" She admitted, gently.
"I need you to trust me, because I need to ask you something."
"What is it?" 
"I need you to take me to Mortier." She took a step back.
"Why would you need me to do that?" She was angry. My heart sank. I felt like Id gone against my instincts and ruined it.
"Because," I said, retreating. "I want to get you out of Paris. To make sure youre safe."
For a moment I thought she was going to slap me, but suddenly she put her hand to my ear and started whispering in hushed, deliberate tones, almost as if she had memorised the words.
"They have a house on Rue Tholoze. It is their base and their home. There are eight men who live there at the moment. I choose not to stay there, though many of them have made their intentions felt." She lingered on the word and I gritted my teeth at the thought.
"They are all different..." She contemplated. "Some are large and of little intelligence. Vigne is the biggest and you know him. White too is a brute, but he is a killer too. They say he never misses with his pistol. Janvier is not very big, but he used to be a Catholic and now he steals." She looked around to make sure we were still alone, before continuing in a whisper. "Others are very clever. Lemaire has some knowledge of the Law, but only a little. Martel builds things. You saw him at the printing presses. That was Janvier and Richelieu too. Richelieu only cares about money. He wears his hair in big curls because he thinks he is from noble family. I think it was his idea to steal from the church. He argued with Janvier about it. Mortier is their leader, but I dont know him much at all." She paused for want of breath.
"They come and go at all times of the day, through the front door. But there is a second door to the back that is so small it could be nothing at all. They do not use it. Only one day when the Gendarme came around. And then they all used it."
Her words were coming more hurried again as if to get all her thoughts out before she forgot a detail.
"There are eight men that stay there," she repeated. "But there is only one that I am afraid of. And I have known many bad men." She brushed hair out of her eye at the thought of it and continued. "He is small. Very small and he is cruel. He has a strange face and very tight mouth. He talks to you, never looking directly at you. He is always playing with a knife and sometimes cuts his own hand just to see it happen."
My mind raced back to the Savoy, where we met the man Elizabeth had introduced as Skinner. 
"They hold meetings in one of the bedrooms."
"What do they talk about?" I asked, in a feverish whisper.
"I cannot say, but I am afraid. I am afraid not only of what he will do to me now that I have told you, but... I can tell that you are not who you say you are." She blushed and looked up and down the museum as if checking for an oncoming train.
"You are not Jack James, a man who wants to be a part of this  you are somebody else trying to stop them."
"Well, steady on, I..."
"You must not get involved with these people. You must go back to England right away. The man who saved Renoir," she recalled, turning back to the painting. "His name was Raoul Rigault. I remember because I like to think that everybody has somebody like him in their life, who comes at the right moment to save them. Perhaps I am yours. You must go, now. I have told you all I know and so you must not see me again."
She made a dash for the door, and before I knew it she was gone. I was tempted by the idea to chase after her in a grand gesture and pull her close with some choice words. 
The reality of it was, however, that those words did not come. I had no idea how to follow such a finale, and instead made it my best effort to wander back to Cranston and Alston to share what I had learned, with those who may be better able to put the pieces together to form the whole.
I left the museum and made a slow progress back through the same winding streets that I had come down. I felt, deep down, that I had failed. I had taken this thing with Victoria too far and it had crumbled. Perhaps if I had been nicer to her? Perhaps I should have come clean in my intentions and offered her some form of escape... Perhaps I actually did feel...
But turning a corner, mid-thought, I felt a knife at my side and made instinctively to move away. A hand went about my shoulder and I was powerfully manoeuvred down and into a small black motorcar that appeared as if from nowhere. In darkest French I heard the words: "Do not move, Jack. There are two of us and you are unarmed."

Chapter twenty

I hate to see the ev'nin' sun go down,
Hate to see the ev'nin' sun go down.
'cause my baby, he done left this town.
St. Louis Blues 
W. C. Handy

For the second time in days I was wearing a black hood. For some reason I immediately thought of Beaumont. But unless Victoria had told him all about me, which wasn't a comforting thought, it had to be the Red Button Set. They knew me now and so I felt that there was no opportunity to lay the wrong-man card face-up into the game. Perhaps I should have taken Alston's advice, and brought a coin to toss.
By the sounds of evening traffic we were slowly making our way south. There seemed to be no hint of rush or urgency about them, which was unsettling. Either they were not eager to kill, preferring to drag the thing out, or they killed so often that they treated it as no special endeavour. One hoped for the former, of course... 
I had struggled at first, but on feeling the knife at my side busy itself with renewed vigour, I had resisted the urge to continue. 
And then my hood was torn off and I saw once more. I turned to the big man, who I saw to be Janvier. A lapsed-Catholic, Victoria had said, with a knife in his hand  one could have hoped for better.
"I know who you are..." I braved. "My friends will come for you if you kill me." 
"We are here to take you," he said in laboured English. "You not die." 
"Then let me go?" I suggested. 
"Be quiet," said the clearer voice of the driver. It was Lemaire, whom I had first seen at the Dodo. "Move or talk," he said. "These are two things you cannot do. Do you understand?" I wanted to answer. However I felt it would have been read as sarcastic. 
I looked out of the window and saw that we were heading down the 6th arrondissement at speed.
"I know everything." I repeated. "You can't win."
"You know nothing," said Janvier. 
"I know about the gold." 
I felt him stir beside me. Stealing from a Church had perhaps not settled well on his conscience. 
"That was not the worst," said Lemaire. "We have done much worse. We will do much worse. Be quiet or he will shoot you."
I damned Cranston.
We swerved suddenly to the left. I was pushed right into the big chap. He pushed me firmly back against the other door. Many horns came crying out as we crossed the traffic to come to a stop. 
We parked by some iron railings which in a matter of seconds I was introduced to, face-first, by the man of the cloth.
"You get out now," he offered as some sort of postscript.
"And where are we?" I asked.
"This is a new place," said Lemaire. "In this place you are only forbidden from talking. You will move where we tell you."
"Thats good of you," I said, wincing and rubbing a palm against a railing-bruised hip in order to brush away some of the pain. 
"Down," Janvier grunted, pointing beyond the gate in the railings towards an old oak doorway. On an instinct I looked towards Lemaire, who confirmed the action. "We go down now." He produced a gun and also pointed towards the door. But as soon as I had seen the gun, it had disappeared back into his jacket pocket. 
I opened the gate and walked towards the doorway which Janvier opened with a creek. A stone staircase was revealed that instantly reminded me of Victor Hugo.
"This is the staircase into the catacombs..." I whispered. 
"Yes, we go down." Janvier stated. He moved behind me and gave me a nudge with the blade in the base of the spine as an incentive.
I started down and for a long time the staircase didnt want to end. I wondered if it wasnt trying to do its best to sustain my existence. 
The way was lit by electric bulbs every meter or so, but the walls still stank of medieval design. Without knowing my history I couldnt say for sure, but it had the dark, tortuous air of the Middle Ages, that would not have felt smarter with any amount of illumination.
"You are now able to speak," said Lemaire dramatically. "It makes no difference now."
Quite frankly I didnt think it would do much either. However I made my mind up that, on reaching the end of the staircase, I would run for it. The famous Parisian catacombs were miles long, I knew. An endless labyrinth of skulls and bones. One could easily lose a pursuer, I thought, and I started taking deep breaths. I worried that the gates at the other end might be locked, but getting out again would be a nice problem to have, considering the circs.
On turning the next corner, however, this dream cam to an end. A set of stone walls, which looked as ancient as anything Id ever seen, blocked the way with more iron gates. Just behind these were piles of bones, as described so many times, and never once to their full horror.
Lemaire walked past and opened the gate with a shot from his gun. The sound of it echoed into the distance and the cast iron lock broke away and fell to the floor. He led the way. I followed and Janvier brought up the rear with his knife at arms length. I thought of Dante, of his Inferno and that he had made a glaring omission. Throughout all of the circles of hell, he had apparently forgotten the one about the never-ending corridor of bones set aside for just one Englishman at knife-point. 
But was it? Wasn't this the sort of mess I'd been thinking up for myself? The kind of thing Id read in books? An impenetrable fortress. Two thugs with more weapons than wit. And here I was, ready for anything. It gave one courage.
"Stop," said Janvier. "We talk now." 
"Good stuff," I countered, sitting down on a small wall. "Lets forgive all sins, shall we?" I looked at Janvier and leaned back a little.
 I folded my ams behind my back and got comfortable. Stacked up on either side of the tunnel were endless, and one had to see the thing to understand just how endless, bones and skulls. The devil only knew what else was down here. Tied up in big bundles with ancient rope and antique twine, I mused that it would all come down if only... 
"Im not sure who you think I am, but I can tell you Im not your man."
"You are Jack James," spoke Lemaire, as if reading a doctors card. "You are a musician. You like wine. You have a friend called Cramster." He smirked, and gave a knowing nod to Janvier.
"How do you..." I started but then a thing clicked. I whispered her name. "Elizabeth... She told you?" 
"It is not our place to ask questions," said Lemaire. "We do as we are told."
"Ive heard that tune before," I said. I spat on the ground and secreted my knife into my hand.
"You and your friend came to Paris," he continued. "Where you have been at Rue Tholoze. You have been watching us and tracking us."
"No I havent," I countered lamely. There is no real defence against absolute truth. But one has to try. I opened the knife.
"We know it is true," he retorted. "You have been spying on us and now we know everything." I instantly thought of Victoria and all that she had said about these men. I thought of Cranston and what he would have told me about never trusting anybody. Elizabeth had seemed so earnest, at the end. 
"Never trust a pretty face, right gentlemen?"
They gave each other a searching look, before the gun was pulled once more. "Im afraid that we made a mistake," he said. "Showing you our work..."
"The printing press? The drugs? The hospital?" I asked, trying to remember all the things that Victoria had mentioned. But this had been enough. 
"Il sait" Janvier said to Lemaire. For the first time he seemed a little unsure. 
"It does not matter if he knows," Lemaire said directly. "Who will he tell?" He clicked the gun, and pointed it at my chest.
"I have already told my friends and the British Government." I lied. "We know what it was you stole." 
I started to cut the string.
"It matters little," Lemaire tried to say, but he was drowned out. A creak behind moaned and the wall of bones that I had been taking apart with my knife came crashing down about us. 
Leaving their surprised faces behind me, I shot off back down into the dark passageway from which we'd come. 
Turn after turn came at me and I took them all with a speed I never knew I possessed. Shots rang out and hot bullets exploded into long-dead skulls and time-worn bones, who, a superstitious man might have said, seemed to put themselves in my way, in defence of those still-living.
"We have men waiting," I heard Lemaire shout, a phrase that dented the soul. "You cannot escape."
I ran on regardless. For a long time I wondered if the passage would ever end but then I saw a figure in the far distance and as my legs froze in horror at an impending finale, I crumpled to the ground and skidded towards it. As footsteps caught up with me, I heard a shot ring out from in front. A body fell behind with a thud. 
"Pas! Vous ne pouvez pas," came a strained voice from behind. "C'est Lemaire!" The words were not heeded and he, too, fell to the sound of a gunshot.
With all my remaining resolve I determined to at least see the face of my executioner. I squinted against the light above and saw the face of John Alston.
"How did you..." I started, welling up at the vision. "How did you know?"
"Think nothing of it, friend," Alston replied to my unspoken gesture. "Lets just get out of here as quickly a we can."
"Wait a second," I replied. "I want to do something first." 
Turning back, I slowly crept up to the two immobile bodies with my knife blade at the ready.
On approaching Janvier I pulled him up by the neck and cut his collar button away from his shirt. I let him fall back to the dirt with an echoing thud and moved towards Lemaire who lay a little further away. I got to him and took his button too. But on laying him back down I noticed that he was still alive. He lifted his gun. I made to draw away, but realised he wasnt pointing it at me, but holding it up for me to take. With what I knew would be his last breath he uttered a single word that cut deep to the core. I realised instantly what it had meant.
"Alston?" I repeated. But it was too late. Lemaire had gone. 
I stood, holding my gun outstretched to Alston who backed away.
"What?" He cried, smiling. "What are you doing, Jack?" 
"How does he know your name?" I asked.
"Who knows my name? What are you talking about? He's probably heard of me."
"Come on, John," Cranston said, appearing out of the shadows. I saw that his gun had been raised to Alstons side. "I know everything."
"You're both mad!" He cried in protest.
"Answer me this," I said. "How did they know my name?"
"Victoria must have told them." 
A thought came to me in a brilliant new light." And how did they know I was unarmed?" 
Stunned, Alston shook his head. "Youve got it all wrong." He lowered his chin, put his hand to his forehead and leaned back and rested on the heap of bones behind him. "You've got the wrong man. I would never" He took off his wire-rimmed glasses and looked up with pleading eyes. "You have to understand."
Cranston took a step back and stood by my side. His gun held tightly in his hand. 
"Tell us what really happened, John." Cranston said. "The real reason you've been sneaking off in the middle of the night and leaving messages at the Red House."
"You you know?" He said, his world almost visibly crumbling away from him.
"Haven't slept for days," he said looking at me. "Once a spy"
To my surprise, Alston laughed. "And here's me thinking you kept nodding off at that bloody radio."
"I wish," Cranston said, kindly. His tone softening. "Never could get it to tune. Come on. Tell us everything and we can make this right."
Alston stood and straightened his tie. "Alright," he said and stood for a long moment. I brushed myself off and leaned against the wall. Bolstered by Cranston's sudden and strangely good mood, I lit a cigarette for each of us.
"We used to go to the horses, Phillips and I," John said, thanking me. "Up at Enghien-les-Bains. We started off just watching them, drinking cheap wine in the sun. But one day she puts a bet on a horse she liked the look of. Won a small fortune Soon after we were up there a lot." He wiped his face with his jacket sleeve. 
"Got into a bit of trouble with it, though. Started making bets off the books. People she knew, you know? Normal sort of stuff. But then towards the end of the season we just had a run of Devils-own bad luck and we couldnt pay them back."
"The Red Button Set?" I asked.
"No, just some regular crooks. Nothing to do with your lot, at first."
He stood up. "She pinned it on me, you know?" He said indignantly. "Told them Id taken her money. Their money. Couldnt believe it. After all that time I thought she" He trailed off. He was silent a while. Thoughtful.
"What happened?" Cranston asked, looking over his shoulder, towards the other end of the tunnel. I got the impression that while he thought this might finally be time, it was certainly not the place.
"We were coming back to Paris one day," continued Alston. "Putting the last of our money on a three-legged donkey." He laughed. "At hundred-to-one he lead the whole way until the final few lengths when he threw the jockey I cant describe what that felt like We didnt speak on the journey back Thought she was going to leave me. When we got into Gare de lEst, I put my jacket around her. It was cold you know. And then I went to spend a penny. When I came back I found her on one of the benches. Took me two whole minutes to realise she was dead I thought she was just tired"
"She was stabbed in the back, John." Cranston said. 
"Yes." He confirmed. "Sounds rather like your Skinner chap, doesn't it? Must have taken over the racket. They came for me too. Soon after. Told them I had connections, like you do Tried to bargain with them and I made one."
"You told them you could deliver us?"
"Sorry. They wanted me to kill you, though. In your sleep. Said I wouldn't. Said I wasn't going to do their own dirty work for them." He stood up straight, proudly, and I saw that he had pulled my pistol from his pocket. "But I guess I will have to now"
"Wait!" I pleaded. "You can put this right. Tell us all you know and we can sort this out together You don't have to do this. "
"It's time to stop running, John," said Cranston.
John smiled, pressing the gun up against his chin. "Be a good chaps, Gentlemen? Get that Skinner for me?" 
And then he fired. 
Despite the details of his story. Amongst all the sights and sounds of all that had just happened, a single thought ran through mind: A gentleman never kills. John Alston lay silently on the ground.
Cranston broke the silence. 
"We should go," he said, before starting towards the exit. Mutely we climbed out of the tomb and into the sunshine, I smelled the fresh air and felt renewed. 
I had always been a night-owl. Happiest only when I saw the evening sun go down, ready for the party to begin. But on the street, in that city, on that day, I couldnt wait to see the sun rise up. To see the darkness fade and to feel the heat of the morning warmth on my face.
I placed the two buttons I had taken in Cranston's hand. Cranston turned towards me: "Im sorry Jack," he said. "For too long youve had to do this on your own. Im going to tell you all I know. Then youre going to tell me all you know. Were going to face this thing together from now on."

Chapter twenty-one

Goodness me, how misery doubles,
Ain't one thing to use for bubbles,
Or to drive away your troubles,
For the tide has gone and went.
The Moon Shines On The Moonshine 
Francis De Witt & Robert Hood Bowers

We caught the first taxi that came our way. 
Cranston tapped three times on the glass that separated us from the driver. "Nous prendre pour le chef de police." 
"The chief of police?" I asked, surprised by this new approach. "What happened to keeping a low profile?" I asked.
"I think that time has passed, dont you?" He replied. "Now that the Red Buttons know who we are I think we can drop all pretence."
I thought about Victoria, about what her reaction would be to the truth. Only hours ago we had been together... 
"I think I know what happened." I said. "I think Elizabeth told them about us."
Cranston showed no reaction so I took the opportunity to continue. "I think she sold us out to get what she wanted from Mortier." 
"And what would that be?" Cranston asked.
"Well, we don't know yet" I replied, lamely. "But they knew everything."
"It was John," he said quietly. "It was John all along. It was John that took us to the caf opposite the house. It was John that told them who we were, what we were doing. Told them where you would be tonight."
"But why?" I asked. "He was one of us."
"Every night Ive been listening to that radio," Cranston said. "Nearly all of the time it's static, and I'm just sitting there as an excuse to watch John come and go. Said he was out gambling. How right he was."
"And the rest of the time?" I asked. "You told John it was always static."
"I lied. Once or twice I've heard Mortier speaking to somebody. Another Frenchman. They talk about about what Mortier has been doing."
"Those six things that Victoria told me about?"
"Now it's seven," he continued. "This morning, just after you left, I heard: Stop everything. Kill all three."
"They wanted to kill all three of us?" I asked. "But if they planned to kill John too, then doesnt that mean he was innocent?"
"But they had only ever met two of us," Cranston stated. "Me and you. How would they know John even existed unless..."
"Unless he had talked to them without us knowing." I finished.
"Exactly," he said. "And now I am starting to see that he had been talking to them from the start. Kept telling me the radio was useless. Let you go along with Victoria despite knowing she could hand you to them at any moment. He knew all and said nothing." 
Cranston cursed violently.
"She wouldn't" I started, but I didn't think he was in the mood to argue. "And we trusted him."
"And we trusted him." Cranston confirmed.
The motorcar swung westwards and I noticed that we were approaching some very extravagant and important looking buildings. If Paris had a Whitehall, I felt that this would be it. 
"Cranston?" I asked. "Where are we going?"
"We need to see the chief of Deuxime Bureau."
"The what?" 
"The Deuxime Bureau," he repeated. "They are our opposite force working in France. Only less secret."
"Well, Ive never heard of them." I said.
"Thats because you were never looking. They dont hide like we do, only because they have the official backing of their state. Were Englands dirty little secret."
"So will they help us?"
"I think so," Cranston said. "We need a warrant to get into the Red House. We need to catch them before they go and find out what theyve been doing all this time."
The motorcar stopped in front of a very clean and white building, which didn't exactly look like spy-HQ. I realised that this must be the point.
We got out of the taxi. "Stay here," Cranston said to the driver and I heard the engine slow from a rumble to a murmur, to a stop. 
On approaching the doors we were met with a pair of darkly dressed guards holding rifles. Cranston addressed them formally.
"We need to see Dupont." He said. But what effect he had hoped for had failed to occur. "Charles-Joseph Dupont." Still, they stood resolutely. "Its urgent!" He declared, after seeing the resignation on the guards faces. 
"It is always urgent," came the reply of a much smaller Frenchman. He was jingling a large set of important-looking keys in his hand and had seemingly appeared from nowhere. "Why is it urgent today?"
"Who are you?" I asked.
"I am Musetti," he answered. "The chief of guards." He puffed his chest out and bounced on his heels.
"I am Cranston Baxter and this is Jack James. We are from British intelligence and we need to speak to Dupont or his advisor urgently."
"You are too late." He said and pocketed his keys as he made to turn away.
"What do you mean?" I cried, grabbing his shoulder and turning him back to face us. The small man brushed my fingers from his carefully pressed jacket and looked at me with reproach. 
"He is very busy with..."
I relaxed.
"Im sure he is always busy," said Cranston angrily. "But he should be busy with this."
"And is that more important than a missing Prime Minister?" 
"Deschanel is missing?" asked Cranston.
"The Prime Minister?" I echoed.
"You are British intelligence..." came Musetti's laconic reply. "Yes," he continued. "We have reported to the press that he was seen walking out of his house not two hours ago. He left in only his pyjamas. He has not been seen since. The papers are not to print, of course, but only to make use of their reporters and radios to help find him."
"Who do you suspect?" Cranston asked.
"We know nothing," he answered in a languid voice befitting the situation of a lost cat. "We have had no threats. No demands."
"Do you have a direct line to Dupont? It may be that we know where he has been taken."
"I do... and what should I tell him?"
"Youll tell him nothing," Cranston replied. "I want to speak to him directly."
"I am the chief of guards," the man said, jangling his keys again with little subtlety. "Why do you think..."
"You can call me a Professional," Cranston said, moving closer to the man. "I cannot tell you who I am. I can tell you this. If you do not let me talk to Dupont, you may be limiting what little life Deschanel has left."
On these words, the little man finally prickled. At this direct threat to his honour, he dutifully nodded and picked out a key from his chain. Walking over to it, he opened the large black doors of the grand building.
 "No, stay here," Cranston said, turning to me as I made to follow him. He straightened his tie. "This wont take long."
In fact it was a good twenty minutes before I saw him again. I spent the time with a cigarette hanging from my mouth, writing in my notebook as much as I could remember of Victoria, the Muse de LOrangerie and the catacombs. Events that had been so quick to occur that they seemed to have taken place in the distant past.
Finally I saw Cranston and Musetti return, joined by a very well-dressed man in a long trench coat. I brushed the ash from my jacket onto the floor and on Cranstons command joined them in the car. Cranston sat in the front and our new friend sat next me with a kind greeting.
"Charles-Joseph," Cranston said in a respectful manner. "Mon associ, M. Jack James." Cranston turned and addressed me directly in my turn. "Jack, This is Charles-Joseph Dupont, the head of the Dieuxieme Bureau."
"Bonsoir," said our distinguished guest.
"Bonsoir," I replied.
"Bon," said Cranston. He had resolution in his voice and he turned to the driver. "Rue Tholoze. As fast as you can."
We quickly tore off into the traffic and as we did so I noticed that we were being followed by two other cars of equal importance and speed.
Turning in his seat to face Dupont, Cranston laid out the facts. "I believe that Deschanel was taken by a group called the Red Button Set," he said. "I believe they mean him harm, sooner or later, and I believe that they will at least first take him to what we call the Red House on Rue Tholoze. As such we have to get there quickly to make the best of this information."
Cranston stopped and faced forwards once more. I saw him take his gun from his jacket pocket to empty it of its ammunition. He tried the trigger a few times, blew through the chamber and filled the thing up once more.
"I suggest you all carry a weapon," he said. "Keep your backs to the walls as much as you can once we are inside. The Americans use a technique of checking all four corners of the room before entering. I suggest you do the same. We do not shoot to kill. We need information. And do not, under any circumstances, shoot Le Prsident Franais. That would be bad."
"Peut-tre un peu," laughed Dupont with a shrug. 



We tore through the scant Parisian traffic and honked at the slowest of the horse-drawn carts. We finally turned upwards from Rue Joseph de Maistre into Rue Tholoze and came to a sudden and neck-breaking stop outside the building in question. 
"Cranston," I said grabbing his arm, thinking back to the notes I had just made. "I remember Victoria telling me that there was a way in through the back."
"Are you sure?" He asked.
"I think it's a coal-chute," I replied. "She said they used it during a raid."
Cranston turned to Dupont and spoke quickly in French. Dupont nodded and Cranston jerked his head towards the door. "Come on Jack, its you and me."
I got out and checked the pistol Id taken from John. Running quickly and silently up the steep hill and back around to the rear of the building, Cranston and I found an alleyway covered in complete darkness. A small wooden fence surrounded the back-entrance to the building at eye-level, and we quickly clambered over. 
"There must be a hatchway or door here," I whispered, lighting a match. 
"There," he said, pointing towards a small iron door at the base of the wall. "They got through that? Itll be a squeeze..."
"Ill go first." I replied, opening the heavy latch as quietly as I could and letting the door swing open with a creak. 
Holding my gun ahead of me I wriggled through the opening and down into the thing. The air was thick with coal dust and dirt. If you live through this, Jack, I thought to myself, You're going to treat yourself the most expensive jacket you can find. 
I slid forward suddenly, falling downwards to land amongst the worst of the dirt. On lighting a second match I saw that it was a large pit, half-full of soot and coal briquettes. "Its safe." I whispered back into the tunnel and I heard Cranston make his way in my stead.
"Theres a door," I said, turning to help him down. "It must lead into their cellar."
"I'll go first this time," he replied and, putting his full weight into it, kicked the door open. 
We saw in the dim darkness a sort of workshop. A large oak table stood in the centre, covered in strange instruments and measuring glasses. A small stove crackled quietly in one corner on which a strange, burnt-floral smell emanated. 
"What is all this?" I asked, picking up strange and broken items which, once I had spotted a heavy hammer, I realised they had evidently been trying to destroy. "What were they doing?" 
Cranston, in his turn, looked around the room and took up some papers that were half-burned and still smoldering on the stove. "Drugs." He said. "They were doing something with drugs, but come on, nows not the time..."
He put his back to the wall before crossing the room to a doorway. We opened it and it revealed a narrow set of stone steps which lead up and out of the basement. We saw nobody and so we climbed in silence. 
On opening the door, we saw guns pointed in our direction. They were Dupont's men, and once we had been recognised they lowered their weapons. They were standing in a sort of living room, with hard wooden chairs sat all with their backs to the wall. In the centre was a large dining table covered in food-stained plates and bowls. One of Dupont's men pointed his finger upwards. 
With understanding we searched around and found another set of stairs and climbed up onto the second floor. I heard voices from a room to the right. "You first," said Cranston with a smile. Putting my back to the wall opposite, I charged forward and crashed into the door.
With gun held forward, I came to a sudden halt as I saw the scene. Dupont was standing with two of his men in a sort of meeting room. They raised their weapons at me on instinct, but then lowered them with pitying expressions.
"False alarm," Cranston told them, following me into the room as I picked up my dignity from off the floor.
The room was small and the walls were plastered with pages torn from technical books and hand-drawn scientific sketches. Maps and newspapers were strewn across the floor in either haste or madness.
"We saw nobody in the basement," I stated. "What did you find?"
"There were two in the bedroom," Dupont reported.
"Were?" Cranston asked angrily. "You weren't supposed to shoot anybody."
"Mon Dieu," Dupont responded, putting his gun away. "They were dead when we arrived" 
He waved his hand around the mass of information that the Red Buttons had left behind. "Mais ou et La Prsident?"
"I am sorry," said Cranston. "We will have to gather what information we can from all of this. It may lead us further."
Dupont's men started to take up the papers and books and left the room. I realised that I was still holding my gun tightly. I put it on the table. One could get too eager, after all. 
Lighting a cigarette I left them to it and walked about the top floor. If anybody had asked me, I would have lied. I would have said anything in the world, other than the truth. I had wondered about Victoria. It was she that I was, shamefully, breaking the down doors of the Red House for.
I searched a few empty and practically bare bedrooms, and found nothing. Finally, I came to a door, three or so down, from where we had found Dupont. I walked in and flicked on the light. To my relief, there lay Richelieu and Martel. Side by side on the bed, jackets off. A look of calm on their faces, which I couldn't say looked appropriate. Each of them held a gun, and on each of their shirts was a red stain above the breast. A double murder? I wondered. Or a double suicide? I took their buttons.
Like the others, this room was bare with only the addition of a wooden chest that sat below the window. A candle burned upon it on a wide brass plate and the flame fluttered against the breeze from a pair of dirty curtains that framed the open window. I reached forward to pull the window closed when the lid of the chest burst open. 
A hand gripped my arm and spun me around. I stood, frozen, having for that instant seen the thin, grim smile of the man we knew as Skinner. A burning smell told me that the over-turned candle had caused the curtains to catch fire but my entire focus was directed at the actions of a razor blade, which had been pressed tightly against my throat.
"I would not call for help." He said in a grotesque whisper that hid nothing of his intentions. "You think ill of me?" He added, twisting his head to look up at me from the side. "But you have invaded my home. I am at perfect liberty to deal with you as I choose."
He twisted the blade and it came ever closer to breaking the skin. Still daring not to speak I merely glared at the creature. "But see," he continued. "I have been in Paris too long. I wonder where you live. Still in London, Mr. James? You are the pianist, of course..." and with sweat forming on my brow and the colour draining from my face he scraped the blade down my neck, and tightly down my arm to my wrist. "Perhaps I should liberate you of your tools, as you would have done to me."
"No Please!" I whispered, horror filling me as I understood him. "Not my hand."
"But we all have our weaknesses, do we not?" He whispered, quieter than before. "Mine is that I am too kind to women..." 
He held his leather-gloved hand over my mouth. The blade of the knife pulled back and caught the skin just below my wrist. I cried out, wide-eyed, into his glove. 
A shot came from the doorway. And then five more.
Skinner spun backwards from the impact of it all and fell straight through the burning window and down into the street with a crash.
I crumpled and held my wrist, binding it as best as I could. On looking up I saw Cranston who was grinding his teeth.
"What a shame," he said, walking over to me and helping me to bind the wound. "I was hoping to draw that out a little. For John's sake."
"Thank you..." I said, straightening gingerly and handing him the two buttons that I had taken from Richelieu and Martel. "I can appreciate now what she sees in you." 
He raised an eyebrow. "Who?"
"Elizabeth," I said. 
"And what is it she sees in me?"
"You know the perfect time to break the rules."



"I think we need to teach the Americans the one about checking boxes in front of windows," said Cranston after Dupont's men had put out the flames and checked every inch of the other rooms.
"And catacombs." I added, a sense of humanity coming back to me, now that all my fingers had once more found their form and flex. "Surprising where these chaps get to. All the dark places"
"Regardez," said Dupont to Cranston, pointing to a map he had been studying in silence ever since we had come back into the room. I saw that it was a map of Europe. Amongst many footnotes about recent political movements, it carried three dark crosses in red ink.
"Paris, January, nineteen-nineteen, said Dupont wearing an expression of confusion. 
"The Paris Peace Conference," I said.
"London, February, nineteen-twenty." Dupont stated.
"The Conference of London," Cranston confirmed, in his turn. 
"Theres one more," I said, pointing to the third mark, in the northwestern region of Italy. Next to the mark was written the words San Remo, April, nineteen-twenty. 





PART THREE
SAN REMO

Chapter twenty-two

Please dont be offended if I preach to you a while,
Tears that are out of place in eyes that were meant to smile.
Look For The Silver Lining 
Buddy DeSylva & Jerome Kern

"So all in all a bit of a bad business." Said K. 
It was nearly three weeks later. Three weeks since any final threads of the Red Button Set had been removed from Paris. And three weeks since I had seen Victoria.
As we were still strictly operating as anonymous agents one had to be careful. However, since that eventful night we had been assured the protection of the full French force. We had, as a result, spent the intervening days and weeks in semi-luxury at the Paris Ritz. But its part had been merely as a gilded purgatory. 
We had taken what we could from that Red House on the hill and had started a slow and careful study of the evidence. We took from it all we could and what we could not understand we put in front of those who knew better. 
It was this dossier of collected fact, conjecture and trivia that we were walking K through, as we sped along on French rails, a little west of Dijon, on our way to San Remo.
We had boarded the train in Paris. If train is the word. The beast of a machine had been created for war work, evidently. Some military damage still adorned the outer-casing of the thing as a reminder of past glory. 
On boarding, however, one saw that the interior had been appropriated to its current passenger. Leather, chromium and walnut had been the watchwords of the reformation and through an effort of great cost, I assumed, it had succeeded in looking similar to a cabin on one of the modern and more expensive ocean liners. As much as I appreciated the decor, it seemed lost on K. He was in a difficult mood.
"It was not as successful a time as wed have hoped," Cranston replied, finally, with an air of one addressing the schoolmaster. "However we have averted the worst, I think." 
"But not the onset mental weakness of the Prime Minister of France," K retorted, for which Cranston had no answer. 
The train whistled loudly and I thought back to all the stories that had since come through the official channels. Many were suppressed from the newspapers and newsreels but came along the wires from London via the British Embassy: 

PM Deschanel found by side of railway stop alive stop condition restless stop

PM still unstable stop traumatised by exp. stop PM Millerand to take place in all duties stop

And so on. It was a rum set of days that followed the storming of the Red House but France proves time and time again a sustainable country. 
Nevertheless, the loss of its patriarch had been a shock to the system and one that Cranston seemed unable to forgive himself for.
"It is a shame, of course," Cranston replied delicately. "But we have found no evidence at all that links the Red Button Set to Deschanel's current condition. By all accounts he walked out of his home in his bed things of his own accord."
"Bit of a coincidence," K retorted. "I dont like coincidences." 
"Nonetheless," Cranston asserted. "Thats that."
"If only youd had a man inside," K stated. "Wed have known of this sort of thing beforehand." 
"John was our man inside," I said. "We know now that he was involved with their plans. Set against us from the start."
"The letters at the back," Cranston said, rifling through the documents and pulling out some pale yellow sheets. "They are all from Phillips."
K responded with wide eyes. "Our Phillips? What about her?"
"It seems," said Cranston. "That they had been together for some time before she was killed. They were, judging from these," he waved the sheets back and forth. "Very deeply in love. Whether her death was intended as revenge, or as a trigger for John to turn-coat, we are fairly certain that it was the Red Button Set themselves that killed her."
"All conjecture," said K.
"Which is all we have." Cranston added.
"Its not all we have," I said. Cranston looked at me and nodded. "We have Victoria..."
"Oh Victoria," K said, laughing. "Your little beau wasnt she?"
"For King and country," I said, shifting in my seat. "Yes. She told me all about what theyd been doing in Paris and I think that theres something there."
"Oh yes?" K said, looking through the pages. 
"Look at the list of what we found in the Red House," I said, leaning over to him and pointing them out.
"Among other things," Cranston added, taking a red button from his pocket and turning it between his fingers. "Skinner didn't die well." 
"What was the inventory," asked K.
"The first item was a hundred pounds worth of gold, hidden behind a panel in the wall of the master bedroom. Stolen from a church, Victoria said."
"Do we know which church?" K asked.
"Saint-Sulpice," I added. "Elizabeth"
"Elizabeth hinted they were in need of money," Cranston interrupted. "They reported a loss and we dont like coincidences." 
K smiled. 
"Number two," I continued. "A medium-sized, so Im told, supply of drugs."
"Cannabis Sativa," Cranston confirmed.
"Taken from a rival gang from the canal." I added. "They use it as a dropping off point, according to Dupont. They also said that the size of the supply indicates at least a fair indication that they intended to sell it. Number three," I continued. "Morphine from a hospital burglary. Again, intent to supply is the strongest theory. Number four, a black book of names and dates relating to their brothel."
"Nothing illegal there," said K. 
"Indeed," said Cranston, a little ruffled.
"Number five, the trappings of the upper classes. Who wrote this?" I asked.
"I did," said Cranston. 
"The trappings of the upper classes," I continued. "Top hats and tails to you and me, K. Perhaps they thought they could sell them."
"I think," said Cranston. "That they were hoping to 'dress for the occasion' Get into a place they had no place being, if you follow me."
"'I think' is no use to us at all," said K who, I felt, was leaning towards the irritable side of his mood.
"Number six, a small supply of explosives," I said. "Which we saw them use at the printing presses. No surprises that they would have more."
"Which gives us drugs, a book, explosives, gold, fine clothes and morphine," said Cranston. "Unless there is a star in the east, I dont see the connection."
"You dont?" I asked. Cranston shrugged. I looked to K. "Do you see it?" The old man shook his head and his moustache shivered a little.
"Its the seven deadly sins!"
There was understandably a little shock at this news, but the surprise to me was just how little. 
"I dont think I follow you Jack," said Cranston. 
"Think of it this way..." I got my fingers out to start counting. "First, drugs. That's gluttony. Second, gold  greed. Third, Morphine  sloth. Right? Sloth? Fourth, erm..." Id lost my thread in the excitement. "Fourth, the clothes  envy. Wanting to be in... somebody... elses... shoes... Fifth, the brothel, lust. A given. Sixth, pride, the printing press? Pride over sending their brothers out to somebody elses battle? What do you think?"
"Arent we missing..." said K.
"Yes! Seven," I held out my fingers. "Wrath  but they were sent to kill us, werent they... so... thats wrath." 
I felt I had them. The finer points were definitely ready to be worked out, but at least they couldnt deny me the honour of the discovery.
"No." said K. "I dont think thats very likely. Cranston?"
"I dont think so Jack. Granted the brothel makes sense, but the rest is a bit of a stretch... Besides, what significance could it possibly have? Theres been no indication that any of this is religiously motivated."
"Oh," I said. "Well, if you think its nothing..."
"I think theres something here," said Cranston shaking the pages. "What here, if anything, links the Red Button Set to Syria?"
"Im getting a feeling," said K. "Something here is linking us back to the war."
"Its all to do with the war, surely?" I said. "The Conferences. Syrias future. Frances claim to the Middle East."
"Yes... Yes..." K started, but on seeing him look thoughtfully out of the window I felt there might have been more to his idea.
"But what we can take away from the Red House, is that they are very well financed."
"How do you mean?" I asked.
"I mean," he replied. "A large shipment of drugs, a container half full of morphine, fine clothes, gold..." 
"Whats the connection?" K asked.
"They left it all behind." 
"They knew we were onto them," I said. 
"I dont think so," Cranston said, with the same expression he used when dismissing my seven-deadly-sins-epiphany. "I think it shows that there is big money behind this."
"I think so too," said K. "Getting that lot out of Paris wasnt an easy job. After the drama with Deschanel, we had all borders covered at a hundred miles each way. Somebody knew what they were doing."
"Mortier?" I asked, naming the man who Victoria felt was running the show.
"Perhaps," said Cranston. "He does seem the type. But when I think back to your flat... and how threatened me... I do wonder... why have a dog and bark yourself?"



The train powered on. We tilted on a curve and brushed along the evening horizon, before straightening again. We were building up speed and Italian towns and villages screamed past us on our way to the south coast. 
"Well," said K after a long and silent reverie. "I think its about time I paid him a visit." The old man stood up and buttoned up his coat. "The Prime Minister will be wanting to know what weve been discussing. I'll leave out all the bits he doesn't need to know."
In well-practiced motions he simultaneously stubbed out his cigar in a pewter ashtray and finished his drink. Whether his work was over, or had just begun, I couldnt say. He pushed open a partition door and closed it behind him on his journey to the rear of the carriage. 
"So whats the plan?" I asked.
"Well, when we reach San Remo we have to get to the San Remo Casino. Our Prime Minister; Alexandre Millerand, the new Prime Minister of France; Francessco Nitti, Prime Minister of Italy and the Ambassador for Japan, Keishiro Matsui are all staying there. We should get to know the staff. Then I think we should do our best to find some Red Buttons." 
"And what if we cant find any?" I asked, feeling the plan was a bit loose in the third act.
"Then we might have to meet with Elizabeth."
"What?"
"She'll be there." He waved at me for a cigarette. I lit one and passed it across. "Her part in this isnt done. Trust me. Shell be trying to complete what she started in London."
"Im starting to think the woman may not be all peaches," I said, loosening the collar. "I also think theres something youre not telling me about you two."
"Well, Jack," he replied in a throwaway tone as he inhaled deeply. "Youd be right. Is now really the time?"
"I dont know," I replied. "I feel it's relevant. Dont you think?"
"Maybe when all this is over. We do have an international crisis to consider."
"I know that," I countered, getting all worked up and useless. "I just think it might be a good idea to know what you know about this woman. Shes not always been so giving..." 
Cranston murmured into his glass. "The opposite in fact."
I said nothing. Letting the quay fill up on its own, as somebody once said to me. 
"Jack... There is history there that one doesnt go into lightly." He started fiddling with his pen again.
"Im not here for light relief," I said. "Do you remember what you said after I nearly became a permanent fixture in the catacombs? You said were in this together now. If that's what you want then you need to trust me."
He was quiet a long while and I felt I had over-cooked it. I lit a cigarette for myself and looked out of the window. The sun was just setting behind a mountain range I couldnt name and it had the effect of making the country look idyllic. I tapped a light drumbeat on the arm of my chair, a minor tattoo. It made me think of all those 'temporary soldiers', and what they, each on their own path, were doing now. Probably hanging around nightclubs if they had any sense.
"It all happened at Marne," Cranston said, suddenly. I turned and saw that he was sitting up straight and looking thoughtful. 
"I was there as part of the British Expeditionary Force, before you boys arrived. The Old Contemptibles, the Kaiser once called us... The name stuck." He took K's glass and filled it half-way with what smelled like brandy.
"As part of the Schlieffen Plan, they say, the Central Powers were trying to destroy any French resistance, while at the same time stretching to the East to fight the Russian advance. Our job was to protect Paris at any cost. Field Marshal John French was going toe-to-toe with France's General Lanrezac over the lacklustre French effort. In response, General French had us all pull back from St. Quentin, which left Lanrezacs forces exposed. It was as close to chaos as Id ever seen and it was only through intervention from Kitchener himself that we werent withdrawn entirely." He drank and gathered his thoughts.
"Sooner or later, they settled their differences and on the third of September we had news of a new German plan to take Paris. My wife... Mary..." He said, faltering at the sounds. "She... She had been with intelligence... She was over there in Berlin. It was unheard of. She had spent weeks in the German radio department. Bravest thing... When the transmission came in about their proposed attack, she crossed the border to let us know. She risked her life to come back to us that night."
He took another drink and settled down.
"She Mary Told us how the Germans, instead of advancing directly west towards the capital, were swerving southeast to attack our defences from underneath. We were able to react and prepare. But... she had changed. She said that she had witnessed things... Had been a part of something she could not forget... She couldnt say what but we knew the terror that was coming out of Germany. The Armenian genocide? Its what nightmares are made of..."
"What happened?" I asked, trying to stir him out of the worst of it.
"We realised that we didnt have enough men at the front. No trains could get there. We ended up sending an extra ten thousand soldiers out there, six thousand of them in taxis, in order to get to the Battle of the Ourcq."
"Sign of the times," I said, trying to lighten things.
"We tried to push the Germans to the Aisne River." Continued Cranston, ignoring me completely. "Mary was sent out with a team of allies to help keep the roads clear. She had good eyes... Bright blue and pin-sharp. Her role was to spot passing vehicles at a distance and say whether they should be allowed to approach or whether they had to be stopped. In her team were six men and one other woman. Elizabeth St Chiste."
Speechless, I could do nothing but wait for him to continue.
"Only Elizabeth came back." He wiped an eye, now, suffering. "She said that there had been an explosion. The official record stated that she had only escaped by the smallest of chances... I never liked it."
"Why?" I asked.
"I have my reasons." He replied. "Elizabeth was never officially questioned but she didnt have a good war after that. She went dark and exiled herself. Some say she married money. So you see, Jack. You werent the only old face that I remembered that night in the Dodo Club."
"She was the girl in the taxi that night in fourteen. That was Elizabeth?"
"On the night we met, yes."
He finished his drink with distaste and sat down. 
"Im so sorry," I said, after a short while. "I had no idea it went so deep."
"Its okay. You were right," he said. "You had to know."
"And you want to meet her again?"
"I said we might have to meet her," he corrected. 
And just as he turned back to the window the partitioning door swung open. K came in followed by David Lloyd George, the Prime Minister of England. We both stood up instantly. 
"Easy now, Gentleman." He said, I noted, without the emphasis on the word as one in the know. He sat down by the window.
K joined him by his side. He lit a second cigar and addressed us directly. "Well be arriving soon. Best to remember your Italian, boys..." He said, drawing on his cigar in a relaxed way. "I have a strong feeling that the next few days are going to be, if youll forgive the expression Prime Minister, all talk."

Chapter twenty-three

Girlies, slim and tall, girlies, plump and small,
Very wild ones, rather mild ones, I've had them all;
From now on with woman, 
I'm done, all excepting one.
"O-H I-O" 
Jack Yellen & Abe Olman

As we disembarked the train we were met by wet weather. We quickly escorted the Prime Minister out of the station under a cover of protection and an over-sized umbrella. A smart-looking and luxurious motorcar of modern make stood on the side of the street with its engine purring and we were soon speeding eastwards, brushing against the azure blue coast towards our destination. The sea, which in normal conditions only laps against the south coast of the city, was breaking heavily in the wild weather and as we approached the casinos front courtyard we felt the sharp bite of salt air.
We were greeted by a curious and heavily eye-browed doorman before being invited up the fifty or so wide red-carpeted stairs that led up to the casinos great double-doors and directed onwards through and into the warmth of its centre. 
A great expanse of balmy air welcomed us, as we entered the newly built hotel. Packed into the west wing were around fifteen gaming tables covered in green baize that signalled to even the amateur gambler that there were fortunes to be made. And they were being made, even at the early evening hour of just-gone-six. Roulette, Twenty-one, Black Jack and all the Bagatelle you would need to pass the night were laid out like mousetraps for those with too much of the stuff. I couldnt help but feel the pull. 
With nimble fingers I counted the coins in my pocket, but feeling that they, perhaps, didnt match the minimum, I made an effort to turn my mind to the task at hand.
To the East were the dining and cocktail rooms, whose smells nearly took Cranston away from the party in his turn and it took a nudge from the self to bring him into touch. 
As soon as the doors had closed behind us we were approached by the manager of the casino who introduced himself as Senior Adessi. He was a smiling chap of good moustache and well-oiled hair. He was shoulder length in height but made up for it with a barrel-of-a-chest and the aura of a man in control. 
"A pleasure to meet you," he said in perfect English, to nobody but the Premier himself. "We have made every effort to prepare your room for you just as you have listed. I trust you would like to see it?"
Without another word, he whisked our man towards the staircase and made sure to keep the velvet underfoot. K, Cranston and I followed swiftly. And swiftly it was. As if at a slow-run, our man Adessi was leading the Prime Minister towards the staircase, up it, around at a spin and up again towards the first floor. 
"We have set you a door or two away from our Japanese guest," he said. "But you shall not hear a word from him unless at the Conference, or at your invitation." He laughed in a gently managerial way. We reached room one-hundred and twenty-one and watched as the hotelier-by-trade pushed our chap deeply into its core with a gracefully practiced gesture of there you are then, before closing the door.
On turning to face us we saw that Adessis face had fallen. With deep resentment showing in every feature he said: "Why do you mean by bringing trouble to my casino?"
Against the sternness of the man I would have faltered, made my excuses and left. But it seemed that K was high above that sort of nonsense. "We bring nothing," he replied. "The simple fact is you should be thanking us for keeping the show at your casino. We could have moved the dignity of this event to a far lesser hotel and spared you the trouble. As it stands, we are here to stop any menace that comes this far south getting through your door, so reduce your emotions to an acceptable level." He motioned to the door. "If you would."
In a tight-lipped smile Adessi once more opened the door and we found a certain Prime Minister grinning to himself, apparently rather amused at this unusual treatment. "The room is very acceptable," he offered to the manager. 
Apparently charmed by this kind regard, Adessi recounted all the necessities of the stay. Breakfast times, dinner attire, the conference details and: "There is, of course, the Delegates Ball tomorrow evening at eight." He puffed himself out in a very pleased way. "A tradition of ours that we do not allow our guests to forgo, if you forgive the impertinence."
The Prime Minister simply nodded and added that he, like any man, liked a glassful now and then. 
On this we left him to prepare for the talks ahead and K, Cranston, Adessi and I left the room for a tour of the building.
"Please," said Adessi in the same, tight-lipped way that he reserved for all those that werent at the head of their state. "Tell me all you know. I have had nothing but rumours buzzing around my hotel."
"The truth is," Cranston said, "we know that four people, who call themselves the Red Buttons, have a plan to disrupt the conference. We do not know how, but we know that the delegates may be at risk." 
At these words, Adessi's face fell further, even for one who had already witnessed a nightmare of a week. "There are three men." Cranston continued. "A tall, broad man called Vigne. Another pale man called White and the leader of their set, Mortier. Do any of the names mean anything to you?"
"They do not," he replied. 
"There is a girl too," said K. "A girl called Victoria." To my relief he shook his head again.
"We can give you and your staff details of their appearance," added Cranston. "They should be sought-for and called out against at first sight."
"I agree," said Adessi, nodding. "We will have our doormen prepare, first of all things." 
We left the first floor and descended the enormous staircase. Adessi called for one of his staff and spoke to him in rapid Italian. He turned back to us.
"I have asked my chief of staff to organise a little conference of my own," he smiled at his own humour. "We will brief all together in one half of an hour. First, let me show you the casino."



It really was a leisure palace. As the sun finally broke through the dark clouds upon the horizon, all sorts were crouched over brass railings and, glass in hand, studied the movements of each card and bead with a studied and serious focus. 
"We cater for all tastes at this casino," Adessi boasted. "All of the major card games, the Roulette, the Wheel of Fortune and, of course, the dice. Ah, you fancy the cards, Mr. Baxter?"
I turned and saw Cranston looking towards the back of the room. "I know enough to think he shouldnt have laid the Queen of Hearts." 
"Oh, but not for the first time in this casino..." Adessi added on a whim. He blushed heavily.
"Regardless," said K sternly. "Best to continue the tour, Adessi?"
"Ma di cours," Adessi replied, placatingly. He lead us around the room once, pointing out the different games in turn. Occasionally he would offer a commiserating tut-tut-tut and pat a chap on the shoulder, speaking of the turning of the luck if one only had the patience and courage. 
As a group we turned towards the dining area. "Just like on our casino floor, we cater for every taste in our restaurant." 
He swung open a set of stained-glass doors and we were greeted with the garlic and olive fragrances that accompany fine-dining. Thirty ornately carved tables dotted the grand dining room and on each sat a candle and a delicate dining set of silver. "We have a private table for each of the delegates," he added, motioning towards the south side of the room, which was overlooked by floor-to-ceiling windows that gave views over the ocean. "I trust they will enjoy themselves. All do that dine here."
"And the kitchens?" Asked K with itchy feet. 
"Ah, of course. They are... just through here." He pushed open another set of double doors, each set with a brass porthole, and we found ourselves inside a kitchen of gleaming chromium and marble. 
Professionals in white aprons, each more stained than the next, were chopping, broiling, stirring and setting fire to all sorts of preparatory food. Toward the back was an enormous refrigerator and opposite were a set of service doors. "Our head chef prepares only on these materials," he said with a tone of sadness. He brushed his fingers on the marble work surface, which I assumed had cost him a small fortune to install. "But he makes up for it in other ways. His Crme Brle... It makes one weep."
"This is fine," Cranston stated. "Perhaps we should talk to your staff now?"
"Of course," said Adessi. He cleared his throat and clapped twice above the noise of pans, knives and chatter. "Il mio ufficio. Dieci minuti." He repeated the words in French for their respective benefits and we left them to grunt their accent in a multi-lingual discord. We took the time to tour the upper floors, which were entirely made up of locked bedrooms.
We came back down to his office. 
It was a large room, tucked behind the staircase through a passageway and in it were, already, the footmen and a few of the croupiers.
"I have gathered you here," Adessi started but was interrupted by the arrival of the chefs. "Andiamo!" Adessi cried angrily, to which many of the staff merely shrugged as they filtered in. It was only when we were all packed together like sardines that Adessi continued. 
"We are all here," he said in English. "To listen to what these gentleman have to say. We have our delegates in their rooms, and they are all pleased so far. Well done. We must keep up our work and if we are careful we will pass the week well." He was talking to everybody as if they were children now, and I had trouble not humming an entertaining tune in rebellion.
"Mr. Baxter. What can you say?"
Cranston stood on a chair and addressed the room. "There is a threat amongst us. Three men who would come here to endanger the conference, the delegates and even the staff in order to achieve their aims. Myself... and these two gentleman," he said this, pointing a hand at K and I in turn, "are here to prevent this. We must ask you to be our first-line of observation. We will write a description of the men and I will ask each of you to read and remember these people. If you spot these men, we ask you to tell us at once." He repeated this, to my utmost annoyance and jealousy, in fluent Italian and again in French. I almost expected him to say Are there any Ancient Egyptians in the room?
Adessi's phone rang. Cranston turned and started talking to K about the information they would divulge. I, however, listened to Adessis side of the phone call. 
"Yes, of course," he said. "That will not be a problem. We shall expect you then, mademoiselle. You are very sweet yourself. Au revoir." He gently cradled the telephone and swore in an unbecoming manner. The head chef muttered something colourful which made Adessi grin, despite himself, like a villain. 
"Who was that?" I asked, knowing in my soul that I could already see her walking through the doors.
"That was Louisa. Beautiful girl."
"And who is Louisa?" I asked, knowing exactly where this was going. 
"She started two days ago," Adessi said longingly. "Beautiful. Charming. By thousands she is the best croupier we have ever had."

Chapter twenty-four

And it wore, and it wore, and it wore, 
'Til it went, and it wasn't no more.
Alice Blue Gown 
Joseph McCarthy & Harry Tierney

And of course we were on Adessi like hawks. Is she French? What does she look like. When did you hire her. 
"Gentlemen," Adessi said quietly in an effort to calm us down. "She is simply a girl that started for us a few days ago. Very gifted with her hands."
We again explained our reasons for being so worried. This was, in fact, Victoria. Part of the Red Button Set. We had to know more. Did she join with anybody else? Have you hired any further people in the last week or so?
"Yes, two more as it happens." He shrugged, a little ruffled, perhaps, at having missed the connection earlier. "They work in the kitchen with Magritte." He pointed towards to the head chef who, in turn, looked away in disinterest. He made it quite clear to us that this wasnt any of his concern.
"Just two? There should be three," said Cranston. "Are they here now?" Magritte sighed, looked back at us and shook his head. 
"Un peu plus tard," he replied. "A neuf heures." 
"They arent here," Cranston repeated. "Theyll be here at nine oclock."
"Yes, thank you Cranston," said K tersely, turning to Adessi. "Do you have an address?"
"But of course," he replied. "Just in my desk..." He struggled for a few moments to wade through the sea of staff that filled the small office before dismissing them all angrily. "Andare adesso... rapidamente!"
Fighting against the current of bodies heading for the door he finally reached what he was looking for and plunged a hand into a draw deep of papers. It came out with a scrap of paper which was passed to K.
"I think well lead the charge." Said our man, tapping the thing against his temple. "I dont doubt its a false address, so its probably best that you two stay here and guard the PM. Alright?"
"Are you sure?" I asked, with a little too much interest.
"Quite sure, thank you Jack." K replied, before leaving.
"Come on," said Cranston, nodding his head out of the office. "Lets make ourselves useful."



"I dont agree at all," I said to Cranston. "You have to play the corners. Play progressively in fours, which give you eight-to-one odds. See? Three counters, twelve numbers. I have a one-in-three chance of winning. Its simple mathematics."
"Its just not my way, Jack." Cranston said, laying a single counter on the Roulette table on single numbers, each paying out thirty-five-to-one. "Id rather win less often and win big."
We had been talking at odds for the past half hour. K had driven away with the Italian force, on their mission, and I was a little sore to be left behind.
"Do you think theyll find her?" I asked Cranston. Our bets had all come short and our counters were collected by the croupier. We placed our next bets upon the green surface.
"I don't think so," he replied. "They wouldn't come all this way and go about telling everybody their real location. However, it turns out, we know their location."
"We do?" I replied, thinking back to some detail I had evidently missed.
"Yes, here." He said. "We just dont know when."
"Oh," I said. "Right. Another table?" I asked, as our counters were collected, in full, once more. "Ive no luck with this today." He nodded and we pocketed our chips. We crossed the room to sit down at the Black Jack table.
"What do you make of it all?" He asked, after a couple of bad hands.
"Im not sure," I replied. "I dont know the odds to Black Jack."
"No..." He said. "I mean... Ive been struggling with something. Take this card," he said, sneaking me a look at the Ace of Spades the croupier had passed to him just moments ago. "There are 52 playing cards. 13 cards to each suit. Four suits. What do you make of it?"
"Im not sure I follow you." 
"What meaning do you get from that fact?" He said, directing my gaze to the card once more. I stared at it. 
"Absolutely nothing." I replied. "Why, what do you get?"
"Four suits. Four seasons." He stated. "Thirteen cards in each suit. Thirteen lunar-weeks in each season. Fifty-two cards in total. Fifty-two weeks in a year."
"Good lord, youre right!" I replied. "I never knew."
"Of course you never knew, its not true." 
"What?" I said. "You mean you just made it up? I dont believe you."
"No, youre missing the point." He said sticking to, and winning from, his hand. "I dont think the connection was intended when the deck was first designed hundreds of years ago. But if I hadnt told you that, youd think it was true, wouldnt you?"
"What are you getting at?" I responded, not sure what this was all leading to.
"I think theres deep meaning... to what the Red Button Set are doing."
"What, by trying to disrupt the conference? The seven tasks?"
"No," he said, getting flustered. "Have you heard about the Poppy Movement?" I shook my head. "How about the poem, 'In Flanders Fields'?"
"Of course," I said, remembering it, popular as it was. "In Flanders Field the poppies grow, between the crosses, row on row."
"By John McCrae. A Canadian." Added Cranston. "Wrote it in Ypres during the war. Theres a movement to make wearing a poppy a symbol of remembering those that died during the conflict."
"What does this..."
"Theres an echo of that in all this, dont you think? Wearing a Red Button? It makes me think that whoever is behind all this, be it Mortier or..."
I felt he was about to say Victoria, and was about to remonstrate him, but he merely continued by saying, "Or by whoever  that it means more to them than we know."
It was at that point that Magritte came over to us and spoke in rapid French. "La fille et l'homme sont ici."
"The girl and the man? Which man?"
"Le grand," he replied, holding his arms out wide to illustrate just how grand. 
"Vigne," I replied, getting up. "And Victoria. Cranston, ask him to take me to her."
"Okay," said Cranston. "O sont-ils." 
The chap shrugged and scratched his nose. "Elle est dans le bureau se prparer. Il est dans les cuisines d'en bas." 
"She's in the kitchens. Down below." Cranston said, taking out his gun and checking it. "He's told me where Vigne is, too. I'll see you later."
I nodded and turned to Magritte. "S'il vous plat," I prompted, to which he merely shrugged and walked away from the casino floor, towards the dining room and through into the kitchen once more.
We found it entirely empty and as we passed by chefs attempting to rescue pans of off-the-boil food and abandoned ovens, he tutted and sighed, seemingly at the makings of fine dining go to seed.
Leaving the ashes of dinner behind us, he lead me to the door to the rear of the kitchen which we had seen earlier. Opening it, I followed him down a small flight of stairs, and further down to the left. With the flick of some large, brass switches on the wall the cellar came into light and we walked on.
"Where is she?" I asked.
"Qui?" He asked.
"The girl." 
"No. The man." He said it slowly for my benefit.
"No, the girl. We go to the girl."
The chap merely shook his head. "Grande man. Trs grand..." 
"Definitely not the girl?" I asked, feeling the pinch.
Magritte pointed to an open doorway to the South, which I assumed would be directly under the casino side of the ground floor.
I turned the corner and looked at the man Magritte has described, in his way, to a T. 
Standing stock straight, with his back to us both, the Red Button I had not seen since the Rue de l'Odeon was crashing a tenderising hammer down onto what looked like an entire side of beef with force unknown.
I took my gun from my pocket and aimed it at the centre of his mass. "Vigne!" I cried, finger-tight. He turned his head to see.
"Tu" He said, turning back around to carry on with his work. "Donnez-moi un instant..." I held out my gun to him. "Stop, or I'll will shoot you."
He turned fully around and, on seeing the gun, quickly threw the wooden mallet at head-height towards the self. 
Ducking neatly, I heard it clatter against the wall behind me. As I stood back up, I saw him take off through a side door like a bear out of a cannon. I chased after him, not without noticing Magritte standing by the door, mouth turned down at the corners, looking impressed at the work that had been done on the beef. 
I opened the door.
Looking into total darkness I dared a shot, firing forward and upwards. For an instant, the space in front of me lit up as a narrow and short corridor. Towards its end I saw Vigne, half running down its length.
As the darkness came back I ran blind. With my left hand I skimmed the left wall, with my right I held the gun pointed forward and at waist level. 
"Stop!" I cried. 
Had he already gone? I wondered. Was he still here? I paused for breath and, on hearing nothing, I fired once more forwards and up. Lit up again, barely five feet in front of me, was the vision of a buckling man. He cried out in pain and fell to his knees.
I went down to him with a little trepidation and lit a match. I saw him look down to his side, which he was holding with both hands. I lifted them away but saw no wound of any kind. "It is ok," I said. "I do not think it is fatal. I think you have a stitch."
"I stop." He replied in broken English. "I run no more."
"Why are you here?" I asked. "Why are you all here?"
"I work," he said, pulling out a packet of cigarettes. With giant fingers he delicately pulled one from the packet before handing it to me. I took it, and did the same. "I do not make trouble like others." He looked a little ashamed. I offered him a match and we smoked together. "I am good with hammer..."
"What sort of trouble?" I prompted. "The other Red Buttons."
"They do things for the world." He said. "I am strong for them."
"And how are they trying to change the world?" I asked.
"Mortier," he said, quietly, with almost reverence. "Pour elle."
"Calm yourself, man." I offered, pressing my hand against his side. He held out his cuffs. "Ils sont mortels."
"Mortals?" I asked. 
"Mortels," he repeated, nodding, trying to sit up. "Mais pas pour moi. Pas pour moi."
A shot rang out from a distance long beyond where we were and again the passage was lit in golden and red light. In that moment I saw, once more, the pale and terrifying face of White. 
His murderous stare came at me like lightning from above, and the sight of his wide, vacant, shark-like eyes burned into me with such intensity that I felt I would never be able to remember any other face. 
I felt a hot wetness brush my chin, slap against my waistcoat buttons and I felt a large weight fall against me, knocking me down. A second shot came and I almost felt it scorch the air as it flew inches above me.
"Merde!" White cried and I heard the sound of running feet bring the man ever closer. I have the eyes of an eagle, and I never miss. I have shot men so accurately that they should call me a surgeon.
I felt that this was the moment I would die. I could almost feel the bullet enter me, and the pain and the heat and then the cold of it all.
I thought about how far I had come from the Dodo. What I had left behind in London and what it was all for. What had it been all for? What on earth had it all been for? As a sounding board for Cranston? I cursed him and gritted my teeth. A shot rang out. I cried out in pain. But the pain never came. I heard another cry. It was White. I opened my eyes and heard him stumbling. On an instinct, I turned around to look in the direction I had come and saw a man I'd never seen before. Only heard of.
Dressed in a sharp, grey suit, long dark hair cascading over his shoulders, a rifle held against his shoulder, its barrel smoking, was, I knew, the Syrian we had been sent to find in Hyde Park. Here was the Huda that Elizabeth had described

Met him through some work I was doing in Austria. Ex-Syrian Army, you know. Very resourceful with a pen, a sword, a rifle... Most beautiful man I've ever seen. But youll never see him. Only feel him on the back of your neck, one way or the other. 

With regret, I saw him disappear back into the kitchens. 
With a sickness building inside me I looked down and saw Vigne's body on top of me. He had been shot in the back of the head, cleanly and precisely. I felt for him.
Knowing I could do nothing for him, I took his button on a reflex and set off back down the passage, towards its light. I crashed through the small wooden door and slammed it behind me. I tore through to the meat room and skidded to a stop right in the doorway where I had left Magritte. I threw my back against the opposite wall and aimed my gun at the door I had just come through. 
I panted in silence like a cornered dog. Sweat beaded out on my forehead and on the backs of my hands. I could smell Vignes blood on my clothing and feel its wetness on my face, but all I could do was concentrate my entire attention and focus on the door handle of the small wooden door. The moment it turned I would aim. The moment the door opened I would fire and the moment his body fell I would run to alert the others. 
But the moment never came.
After a minute I allowed myself to blink. Never forget a detail. The buttons.
After another minute I blinked twice more and saw in my minds eye Vigne showing me his cuff. Learn every language you can. Ils sont mortels. Another minute passed and with sudden resolution I stood. Make a difference. 
I carefully stripped off my jacket and waistcoat. I slipped my gun into my waistband and left the dim cellar walls to climb back into the bright lights of the kitchen and into the casino to find Cranston and tell him what I now knew.

Chapter twenty-five

I am longing and I'm yearning,
For a boat that's out to sea.
Fondest memories are burning
And I'm calling tenderly.
Love Boat 
Gene Buck & Victor Herbert

The heat from my third bath, twelve hours later, was overwhelming. A thermometer's needle would count it as the hairs breadth between not quite hot enough and boiling. My skin prickled and I felt myself glowing bright red under the surface. The soap, which I had requested after the second soak, was what the hotels cleaners used to finish the floors. But still I could not get clean. 
I sunk deeply down into it all, until my chin tested the surface tension of the water, and I stewed in grim thought.
But it was not until the late hours of the previous night that the misery had presented itself and settled. The adrenaline and shock of what had happened in the cellar had propelled me into a naturally forward motion. The feeling had pushed me onwards like a hand at my lower back attached to an arm of steel.
I had quickly found Adessi. I had made him call for Cranston. He had soon arrived. "Its the buttons," I said, leaning against the wall. Once I had found him, the adrenaline had deserted me, leaving the body weak.
"Jack you're hurt. Sit down."
"It's not my blood," I had said, feeling sick. "It's the buttons."
"You found them?" 
No," I had replied, holding up my hand to show him what I had taken from Vigne. "Its the buttons..." I remembered sliding down the wall, exhausted, explaining to Cranston what had happened. How White had come. And then Huda. And about what Vigne had said. 
"Ils sont mortels." I recited. "They are deadly. Not the Red Button Set, the people, but the red buttons." Cranston took the thing from me and pocketed it.
It was then that a bout of nausea finally hit me, and which I could not shake. 
As a result I laid awake in my room that evening, trying to make sense of my current situation. I had fought in the war. I had seen enough men fall to my left and to my right, men I had known and cared for much more than I had cared for Vigne. Out of the context of war, I wondered, was death more piercing? Did one feel it all the more
But I did not find an answer to these thoughts. All I saw were Whites gun-lit and hollow eyes, which sought mine in the darkness, and which had prevented any attempt at sleep.
It was in that bath, in that stuporous condition that Cranston had once again found me, staring at the ceiling. 
"We have the delegates eating at a different restaurant three times a day," he informed me, sitting down by the sink. I wiped some of the steam from my forehead and nodded silently. "K chooses where and I deliver them. Its been a challenge so far, but its all we can do until we make another location available  and at least they are safe."
"You suspect poison, then?"
"I cant see any other way around it. You hear enough stories about cyanide coat buttons, and poison pen lids. You say White was a Black Hand. I wouldnt be surprised if it was his idea."
"Do you think they will be safe now?" I asked. "We know the secret."
"I hope so," said Cranston, patting his jacket for a cigarette. "But no, I do not think they are safe. A man with so much in him as to organise a band of criminals To corrupt the meeting at London To come here..." 
On seeing him fail to find his packet I nodded to the pile of blood-stained clothes that I had torn off the night before. He explored them delicately and pulled a packet from my trouser pocket.
"I do not think Mortier will stop." He said, pulling two and lighting them with evident misery. I knew what this meant to him, and I appreciated it. He passed one to me and I thanked him. "No,... I think, my friend, that if he spots the delegates eating outside of the casino, that he will think of something else. There's nothing more dangerous than a cornered animal."
I could not help but shudder, despite the heat in the room. The thought that I had suffered what I had suffered only to have helped make matters worse was almost intolerable.
"Whats this?" He said suddenly. "Did you write this?" 
I looked at him, puzzled. He was turning the cigarette packet over in his hand. 
"No. It was Vignes," I said. "I must have kept it. What does it say?"
He held out the packet to me which bore three rows of twelve letters:

VIP RAY GOD EEP
REN DAR ERE AVI
LAR HAN BUR REE

"Do you recognise the code?" I asked. "Can you break it?"
"Of course," said Cranston. "But it's not a code." I looked at him curiously. 
"What do you mean? What is it?"
"Whats rule number two?" 
"Which set of rules?" I said sarcastically.
"My set of rules." 
"Which set of your rules?"
"Learn every language you can, Jack."
"That includes codes too?"
"That includes codes too," Cranston said. "But this isnt a code."
"What do you mean?"
"I mean," he replied. "That Vignes isnt the kind of mind that would be able to write, nor crack a code on the move. No. Vigne was the kind of man that, when in a foreign country, would need to write down any essential phrases so he could recite them later on. Perhaps for a taxi driver? This is written in phonetic Italian."
"What does it say?" I asked, sitting up and rubbing my face with a towel.
"It says Vi prego di prendere a Villa Hanbury." He looked at me with resolution. "Please can you take me to Villa Hanbury."
I wrapped the towel around myself and drained the cigarette to its end in a breath. I exhaled and threw it towards the plughole with resolve.
"We have them." I said with determination. "Lets go."



I stepped out of the casino half an hour later a stronger man. The salt air brought with it the familiar smells of home. The bright sun and warm air of the climate invigorated one into the familiar feeling of travel and adventure. 
But suddenly I was brought back home. Coming up the casino stairs the other way I saw a very familiar and welcome figure. He saw me and shook me by the hand. 
"Jimmy!" I exclaimed. "What are you doing here? The grand tour?"
"No, Jack," he said, grinning. "Theyve got the big ball tonight. Here, at the casino. If only the folks back home'd believe I was entertaining the top of the world"
"Youre playing for the Delegates Ball?" Asked Cranston. 
"Thats it." He said, standing tall. "They saw us in Berlin a week ago and asked us to fill in. The ensemble," he put extra emphasis on the word, as if it were the establishment, "they hired couldnt make it. We stepped in to save the day. What brings you here J.J.?"
"Much the same," I said.
"Were here to report on the conference," said Cranston. "Jacks helping me with the words."
"Always were a better wordsmith than note-smith," Jimmy joked, punching me softly on the shoulder. "Anyway, got to make myself known to the manager. Crazy man called Adessi. Man needs to calm down. I'll find you later so you can buy me a drink."
"Ill be there," I said, turning.
"Or youll die trying," he replied, jumping up the last few steps to vanish inside.
"Ive spoken to Adessi," said Cranston, getting back to the business at hand. "He said that Villa Hanbury is an enormous building on the coast about six miles west of here. Its surrounded by nearly twenty hectares of botanical gardens and so I think it would be best," he said, hailing a passing taxi. "That we went by boat."



 It occurred to me, after we had rented the smallest and quietest motorboat available in a harbour, that we hadnt been on water together since the channel crossing a month or so ago. Here we were again on the waves and heading towards the dangerous group, located in another ostentatious house. Villainous as they were, the Red Button Set couldnt be accused of being shy.
I thought about Jimmy. About the ball. It was another reminder of my life back in London. Of the comfort of it, and of the music. 
The context of war had been taken from me once more. As we idled across the sea to another dangerous location, another opportunity to risk our lives, I couldnt shake the idea that I was still a fish out of water.
"Do you ever..." I started.
"What?" Cried Cranston over the sound of the waves and the motor.
"Do you ever regret doing what you do?"
"Of course," he replied, to my surprise. 
"But, then why do it?"
"Rule number three," he said. "Make a difference. I dont know what else I would do."
"But dont you ever wish you had a normal life?"
"You mean, with a family? A house in the middle of the street and a job in an office?"
"Yeah," I replied. "Or something else. A writer. An artist."
"A musician?"
"Yes. Why not? Did you ever want that?"
"Of course," Cranston replied. "Until I saved somebody's life in nineteen-fourteen. After that, I could never work in an office. After that I couldn't stop doing what it is that I do every day."
"And what is that?"
"Making a difference. Look, I know youre conflicted. I know that meeting Jimmy makes you want to go back to playing in at the Dodo Club, but youll miss this. Youll miss waking up every day, knowing that you are changing the world for the better. By whatever means." 
 "And by what means are we dealing with the Red Button Set today?" I asked. "Do we go in with guns firing, or do we sneak in by the back door and listen to their plans?"
The mid-morning current pulled us towards shore, and we drew a line on the edge of the minor waves, heading away from the city and towards a set of white cliffs that leaned away from the coastline miles ahead of us.
"Are those the only two options in The Curse of Capistrano?"
I remembered a time when this sort of comment would have shamed one. "Probably, I never finished it." I replied. 
"Put a LIIID on it." He prompted.
"We have Location," I stated. "Difficult to swing an introduction. They all know us. We have the same problem with integration. How do we get to information?"
"How about we head straight to destruction?" Said Cranston, taking out his gun. 
"What about your rule of not killing?" I asked.
"I didn't say kill, did I? Just aim low."
The cliffs loomed over us now. We sped past them into deeper sea and, as they fell into our periphery, another set of cliffs came into view at the opposite end of a crescent bay. On top of these sat a solitary red-tile-roofed building.
We powered forward and soon we had landed at a sandy beach, directly underneath the Villa. We jumped out and pulled the boat up the beach and stored it out of sight. Cranston checked his gun, snapped it closed and, together, we walked on.
A path appeared, which had been cut into the side of the rock, and we followed it upwards. My nerves felt sharper now. My encounter with White seemed only too recent and I pulled my own gun from my pocket and checked it, following Cranstons movements. Making sure it was fully loaded I snapped the clip back into the thing and held onto it tightly.
At the top of the steps we left the sand and rock of the beach behind us and entered into the glare and sunshine and the sweetness of bright green foliage and flowers. A heady fragrance of jasmine filled the air, and it was enough to go to ones head. I saw the house we had seen from the water, but realised that it was only a sort of gardeners lodge. After quickly putting our backs to the doorway and checking that it was empty, we started walking northwards towards a larger building behind the trees which I knew must be the Villa in question. 
With keen eyes and slow motions we passed glorious trees that shaded us from the midday sun and, I hoped, everything else. We dodged low-hanging fruit trees and pulled vines apart that blocked our path and as we climbed over the last of the green we saw the Villa in its entirety.
Standing at the top of a flight of sun-bleached stone steps, was an enormous peach-coloured building. Three floors high, it was nine windows wide. At its top a square turret stood, bursting out of the roof as if it had continued to grow, like everything else in the garden, after the last brick had been placed.
We had just started a silent ascent of the steps when one of them, a few feet in front of us, exploded. Blinded by the dust of it, we heard a deep voice call out both of our names. "Cranston Baxter. Jack James. Do not move." 
Mortiers voice was calm and criminal. When the dust had cleared we saw him standing at the top of the stairs with a revolver in his left hand. He was dressed all in black, from shoes to shirt. "You have met my associate, White?" He continued. 
At first I was confused, as he stood alone, but then I caught a glint of glass from a window in the turret. "He has a very useful talent, does he not? I can assure you both that he never misses." 
He missed me last night, I thought grimly to myself. You aimed for me but you hit Vigne. And then you were hit and now you're hurt. I smiled, and damned the whole lot of them.
"Please, come up. I have somebody who would like to speak to you." 
Tentatively we climbed. Out of the corner of my eye I saw Cranston slip his gun into his pocket and so I did the same. "We know everything Ricard," he said. "We are here only as a formality. To give you a chance to end this all in peace."
"I think not," said Mortier, smiling broadly. "Whatever it is you think you know, it cannot be more than half the story."
"Regardless," said Cranston, as we finally approached the man who, I noticed with satisfaction, smelt awfully of sweat. "We know enough. The police are on their way. You must end all of this."
"I cannot say that it is good to see you," Mortier said, ignoring all that Cranston had said. "White tells me you had particular fortune last night. All he found to shoot at was this creature."
"And he says that he never misses..." I said, dismissively.
Mortier sighed. "Perhaps all deserve a second opportunity to kill the one they wish to kill. Maintenant, you will come with me now and out of this terrible sun. Elizabeth has just arrived. She will want to see you."

Chapter twenty-six

With secondhand clothes And nice long hair, 
Ive got those Broadway vampires lashed to the mast,
Ive got no future But Oh! what a past, 
Im Rose, of Washington Square.
Rose Of Washington Square 
James F. Hanley and Ballard McDonald

It was Cranston's turn to look ill. I felt, however, that it was inevitable that Elizabeth would once more play a part in the thing before the final curtain. So close had she been to the affair at the start, that the surprise was that we had not met her again until now.
"You are fond of her, I see it." Mortier said as we approached the Villa. "She is a jewel of her kind, is she not? You will miss her, I think." 
His words were rewarded only with silence as he motioned for us to enter through an open door before us, and into the building. As we passed him, however, he pulled out his revolver with a swift motion and placed it at the back of my head. 
"Please do not misunderstand," he said. "I do not want you to think you are allowed to be comfortable. You are not guests here, you are not free to say or do as you like. The punishment is exactly what you think it will be."
"I expect a drink," said Cranston, showing more courage than I could have managed. 
"Of course," Mortier replied, lowering the gun to waist height and holding out his palm. "Your pistols..." 
We dutifully handed over our weapons which he pocketed. 
He motioned once more towards the door with his gun as a rather unnecessary prompt and we entered the place with some reluctance. 
We found ourselves in a large drawing-room that contained little more than dark furniture, bathed in bright sunlight. Along one wall was a drinks cabinet. Along another was a small stove, above which a copper kettle bubbled. Between these was a long dining table of old oak, around which sat six chairs.
"Sit down," Mortier ordered, pointing with his pistol once more, but then our gaze was drawn away from him.
Through an adjoining door, in the far corner, walked in Elizabeth. She looked the very picture of health, however one almost didn't recognise her without the fur. She wore a camel-coloured trench-coat over God-knew-what and she smiled at us as she sat down at the table before us. 
"Please, sit," she echoed and with this second prompt we dutifully sat opposite her as Mortier took his place at the head of the table. 
"You came looking for Victoria, I presume?" He said. "It was not to be unexpected. But I did not think you would come alone. White will be disappointed. He does not approve much of la gendarmerie and would have enjoyed the sport. However, this is not our concern."
"Small men have small ambitions," said Cranston. "I presume you have bigger plans than simple murder."
"It would do you no good to mock me," Mortier replied with more than a touch of anger. "You are in no position to judge."
"Having a gun pointed at you gives one a clear perspective. I think you would understand that, Mortier."
"Of course," Mortier said, placing all three guns down on the table. "But now we talk. You have followed me around London. You followed me to Paris. And now you are here. The number in my group has become fewer, and yet I do not stop. Do you not see that however you have tried to stop me, that you cannot..."
"What the hell are you doing here?" Cranston interrupted, glaring at Elizabeth. "Why the hell arent you a million miles from this damned mess?"
"You know me, Cranston," she flirted, irritatingly. "I love a good party and besides," she looked at Mortier in a very business-like sort of way. "I am here to make sure things go smoothly. I'm paid to do a good job and Im here to make sure it goes according to plan."
"Youre behind all of this?" I shouted, swearing.
"Never trust a woman." Elizabeth said pointedly, returning Cranstons gaze with a casual air. "How about that drink? I bet you asked for one, didnt you." She smirked. "Predictable Cranston Baxter." Cranston grimaced and he returned his gaze to the man at the head of the table.
"Elizabeth," Mortier said. "Would you collect two glasses for our guests." She stood without another word and collected the items from a cabinet by the opposite wall. "It is a shame that Victoria is not here. She would have liked to have seen this." 
Unconsciously I must have adjusted myself on the chair. "Ah!" the man continued, seeing it. "I see that her effect on you lingers. Such a beautiful girl. Now. Elizabeth, if you would?"
With a nod of understanding, Elizabeth slowly and rather sensuously started to unbutton her coat. Confused, we watched as she slipped it off her slender shoulders and gather it on the back of her chair. She once again raised her hands and put them to her blouse. I noticed that she was holding a small silver knife. In a fluid motion she pulled at the red threads holding two bright crimson buttons that hung at her collar, and cut them neatly off. 
"Into the pot, please." Mortier said. She shrugged in an uninterested sort of way and walked over to the kettle overhanging the stove. We heard two distinct plops, as they fell into the mix. She took the kettle off the stove and placed it onto the table, where it smouldered against the dark wooden surface.
"White tells me," Mortier continued. "That Vigne let slip something most secret." He swished the kettle around and we heard the buttons clink against the side. He lowered his voice to a whisper. "I call it red morphine... I was a chemist, but perhaps you already know this. So many of my friends have been loose with their tongues." He looked at Elizabeth who merely smiled coyly.
"During the war," he continued, "The war criminals in charge asked me to work on lots of their projects. Incendiaries. Ammunitions. Even a response to mustard gas."
 "This," he continued, swirling the kettle around once. The sound of the buttons against the metal was fainter. "Was meant to be 'the most painless of suicide aids'." He said the words like one would, describing Judas as a really good friend. "It is a highly concentrated medical opiate, designed to live dormantly on the wrist and on the collar until its medicine was called for. It was never completed in war time. It has been completed now. You understand, having seen this, what our intentions are. It is quite effective. This is not the first time we have tested it. Richelieu and Martel proved useful witnesses to its effects."
"You shot them after you had killed them?" I asked.
"Of course," he replied simply. "They were not reliable protectors of what is most important to me. But they played a vital role. I am now able to assure you that the mixture is quite ready." Mortier once more swished the kettle around. We heard the sound again, but softer still, as if the buttons were melting inside which, one had to assume, they were. 
"So you're simply a mad man?" Cranston stated.
"Not at all," Mortier replied. "The war work was done by a mad man. I was told my work would be for the good for the country. I was helping defeat a great evil. We were saving lives."
"But you weren't" Cranston finished for him.
"No, Mr. Baxter. We were not. Men went mad in front of their brothers because of what we had been told to create. Desperate terrors done by my hand. And so now the time has come for those that lied, those who told the greatest lie, to be punished also."
I cursed him deeply under my breath with the words one saves for occasions such as this. "Now, now," he said calmly. "There is a lady present after all. Is that not the saying?" 
"Where?" I asked, looking at Elizabeth.
He smiled and poured the contents of the teapot into our glasses. 
"The drug is tasteless, colourless. After a few minutes it burns. And then you feel it. You feel the peace inside you and then" He waved his hand near his eye level. "It goes. And you are left with a bliss like no other. I can promise that you will enjoy that, at least." He picked up his gun and pointed it at Cranston. "Drink, Mr. Baxter. I can assure you that a bullet wound to the stomach is infinitely more painful."
"But not quite as humiliating a death as you would like it to be," replied Cranston. "Not quite as humiliating as you'd like the deaths of the delegates to be."
"It wouldnt do to make things difficult for yourself." Said Elizabeth. She turned to me. "Victory isnt on your side. I know firsthand that a shot to the stomach doesnt make for a good story. He did tell you about Mary?"
Cranston beat his fist on the table and ground his teeth. "Dont you dare talk about her."
"Oh dont be like that," she said looking hurt. "Sometimes a girl has to do what she has to do, whether she likes it or not. There are bigger things in this world than your love life, you know."
"Enough!" Mortier cried angrily and then in a soft whisper added: "You are not here to upset them..."
"Before I drink," Cranston said quietly. He sat up straight and looked Mortier straight in the eye, and I did the same. "You will tell me why. I dont care about your bloody buttons, your thugs or the women you corrupt and hide behind. What do you gain from changing the face of the Middle East?"
"Mr. Baxter," came a condescending drawl. "So long have you followed us. Watched us. Spied on us. And yet you know nothing at all..." He stopped and lay the kettle gently on the table where it burned once more. "I would not give a single grain of sand for the Middle East."
"Careful Mortier," said Elizabeth gently. "You forget your place."
"My place!" He fired back at her. "You forget your place. All this time trying to make us do your work..."
"Pay you..." She retorted. "Weve been paying you for all this. Do you think we like your methods? Youre just a bunch of crooks. If the conference doesnt go our way well..."
"Enough! I have no intention of fulfilling our contract. I am here to complete my own work."
"I cant say that was a very smart thing to say," Elizabeth said in response. I couldnt help but hear a little edge to her voice now. "Once they hear of this..."
"They will never know."
"Oh, theyll know." 
Mortier raised his gun at her. "They... will... never... know..."
And then he fired. 
Elizabeth span around and fell to the floor. Stunned I looked up at Mortier who had turned his gun on Cranston. My friend was ashen-faced and did not take his eyes from the woman on the floor. A small pool of blood formed slowly around her waist. 
"You fell for her tricks?" Mortier asked. "A common problem for you two..." 
At that moment we heard a knock from the side door. Mortier went to open it and White walked in, his arm in a sling. I smirked. "It is time," White said, holding a watch.
"Yes. Thank you," Mortier replied. He came back to the table and pushed the two glasses towards us with the barrel of the gun, spilling some of the liquid on the wooden surface. "But first..." He said, making an effort to calm himself. "But first... it is time for you to drink. You know you have no choice and that you would rather take the chance with that, then this..." He waved his gun a little and grinned.
And then Cranston, looking only to me, raised his glass.
"No!" I cried, but Cranston merely smiled. 
"To your health, Jack," he said and drained it down in one. 
"Now you," Mortier said.
I lifted the glass. Bringing it up to my mouth I looked to Elizabeth, and to Elizabeth alone. I damned the whole lot of them a final time and drank down my share. I slammed the glass down and closed my eyes. It tasted like sweet tea, but I knew better. Soon my stomach would boil, my head would turn and I would be no more use to the world. 
I felt Cranston fall against me muttering nonsense. He cried out in pain. He held my lapels in his fists, looking deeply into my eyes before throwing his hands up to his face and moaning deep agony. He fell forward again and, taking my collar in a terminal grip, pulled me down to the floor with him.
"Good," Mortier spoke softly. "Good..."
Down on the floor I wrapped an arm around Cranston.
"I told you they would do it," White said as Mortier buttoned up his coat. "They are not so clever."
From under the table I saw Mortier smile before turning towards the door, walking through it and leaving the three of us alone to die.
And then a little silence came. I looked at Elizabeth, as her still body lay in front of me behind chair legs and blood. I dared a look at Cranston who was laying on the floor. To my utter horror I saw that he was looking back at me with wide, lifeless eyes.

Chapter twenty-seven

Instrumental
At the Jazz Band Ball 
The Dixie Land Jazz Band

"Get up..." moaned Elizabeth. "Youre acting like a couple of drunks." 
She was sitting up, holding her hand tightly against her blood-stained blouse. "Oh I'm fine, obviously," she added. "Your concern is touching."
Stunned, I noticed that she was looking in the direction of Cranston. I turned and saw that he had gotten up off the floor. He straightened himself and went to Elizabeth's side. "How bad is it?" He asked. 
"He got me in the ribs," she answered, adjusting her hand and wincing. "He always aims low."
"How... What" I started, searching for the right words. 
"Drink tasted a bit sweet, did it? Sugar cubes will do that." She turned back to Cranston and opened her left hand. Two bright red buttons sat on her palm. He took them from her and pocketed them. 
"But"
"Oh I hope you didnt take me too seriously," she said, as Cranston helped her up. "Got to play the part with these people or theyll see straight through you."
"You were faking it?" I asked Cranston, the weight lifting from my shoulders as I said the words.
"I saw it in a Charlie Chaplin film," he said.
I got up, and brushed myself off. "You watch Chaplin films?"
"Of course," he said. "Everybody likes Charlie Chaplin." He took the guns from the table and handed one over. I took one and slipped it into my jacket pocket. He turned back to Elizabeth. "Do you know where they are going?"
"To the Delegates Ball. You know, I'm not quite in the mood for dancing, but I think we should make an appearance. What do you say?"
"I think it's time that you told us everything," said Cranston. "On the way."



It was in a state of understandable urgency that we crossed the vast expanse of garden that separated the Villa from the road and flagged down the first taxi that we came across. The driver had been initially hesitant to take us, once he had seen the state that Elizabeth was in. But the man had changed his mind after Cranston had given the chap all the money he had, on the promise that he get us to the casino as fast as he could.
As a result we were racing eastwards on the coastal road, weaving between cars and carts like an aircraft amongst the company of clouds.
"Tell us everything," Cranston prompted, pressing his handkerchief to Elizabeth's side which made her cry out and stamp her foot in agony.
"Easy," she said, panting. "Im feeling a little delicate." She caught her breath. "Okay..." She started. "So you know that for reasons that I've already discussed, Im here to make sure that this conference goes Syrias way." She looked at us but we merely nodded. We'd heard this all before. She continued: "The Red Button Set are supposed to be the muscle. Simply be around, look menacing and not do any real damage. The problems started in London when they went a bit too far and started burning buildings."
"The Dodo, yes," I stated.
"And other places," she continued. "An Embassy. The French Embassy." Cranston merely nodded. "That's why I got Huda involved. Met him years ago and he gets a job done. I felt I needed a little protection at the Savoy, but he got there after you'd done your bit. He never liked the Red Button Set. People to be afraid of, he thought."
Cranston must have rolled his eyes because Elizabeth reacted. "He's got a good heart! It would be wise not to make an enemy of him." 
"He saved my life," I added, speaking directly to Cranston. "In the casino. It was Huda that shot White."
"Anyway," she interrupted. "Once things got too hot to handle, I pulled rank on the whole lot and got out of London before things got worse. Hudas been in the background ever since, keeping an eye on them."
"He was following Victoria," I said. "In Paris."
"He was following everybody," Elizabeth replied. "I thought youd just go in arrest them or do whatever-it-is-you-do. Why the hell were you just watching them like a pair of gargoyles?"
"Well, hindsight is a wonderful thing..." I said. 
"I didnt know who they were working for," said Cranston. "I think..."
"I thought Id told you all this in London." She said reproachfully. "Gave it to you pretty straight if I recall. They are just a bunch of crooks looking to make money and cause problems."
"Theres more to it," said Cranston. "The way Mortier was talking. I think..." He paused and looked out of the window. "I dont think he's going to poison the delegates."
"What?" I cried. "You heard him. Thats the only thing we do know."
"No," said Cranston. "He isnt targeting the delegates... Its an assassination. Hes only after one of them."
"What makes you think that?" I asked.
"I kept asking myself," he started, leaning forward. Why break into the French Embassy?"
"They are crooks, Cranston," Elizabeth replied dryly.
"No..." He continued. "They wanted to get close to somebody. Somebody who was in London for the conference, and then in Paris once it was over, and now who is here. Theres only one man who fits. I think Mortier is going to kill Alexandre Millerand. Deschanel was already losing his mind at the time of the Conference of London. The Red Button Set knew that. They broke into the Embassy to try and kill Millerand, but he wasn't there. They set fire to the place to cover their tracks, just like at the Dodo Club.
"But why?" I asked. "How?"
"The things they stole." He said. "The morphine..." 
"For the buttons."
"Yes. But the gold? Why steal it if youre not going to sell it or take it with you. I think it was a bribe. The clothes they took. I think its camouflage. To get close to Millerand and his inner circle at the opportune moment. The printing presses A favour for somebody with a political agenda. To open a few doors."
"The brothels?" I asked.
"Whats more persuasive than blackmail? You capture a dignitary in the act, taking some of the drugs too and... well... But then Deschanel finally snaps and wanders off in the middle of the night. Security tightens. The doors slam shut. They have to wait until San Remo when they can regroup and find another opportunity."
Elizabeth coughed painfully and tensed. "Makes sense," she said, straightening up in her seat. "He always was obsessed with Clemenceaus shooting..." Suddenly she tensed again and kicked out in agony. "Look, Im sorry I mentioned her okay?"
She was staring out of the window, now and sounding out of breath. I was worried that she might go into shock at any moment. "I had a part to play in that room... You know that..." 
 But her confession was met with silence. Cranston was looking out of the opposite window, his hand still pressed on her side in aid. One had to sympathise. Despite what she had brought us into, and despite how much she had seemed to cause us nothing but trouble, it was difficult not to feel for her. "Its been four years, Cranston. How many times do we have to go through this before you forgive me?"
"Forgive you?" 
"You know why I did what I did." Elizabeth coughed. She was visibly shaking now. 
"But it was Mary..." Cranston pleaded. "She was..." 
Suddenly I saw it. All he had said had suddenly clicked.

 She said that she had witnessed things... Had been a part of something she could not forget. 

"She was a traitor?" I asked. "She turned in Berlin and was working against us?"
"Jack, you don't know"
"See!" Said Elizabeth, staring at Cranston. "Its not that difficult to understand. She set off the explosion that killed the others. She was trying to let some big German brass through so they could get to Paris. But I saw through her and I did what had to be done."
"We dont know what she went through over there," pleaded Cranston.
"I knew her," said Elizabeth. "Better than you did. You, who knows people so well. I shot her so you wouldn't have to. I did what was necessary and youre going to have to live with that. You're going to have to trust me."
"I trust you Elizabeth..." He started. "And while I hate that you are once again involved in all of this... risking your own life like she did..." He clicked his gun closed and took a breath. 
"I trust you. I just don't think I'll forgive you for as long as I live."
She turned back towards the window with glistening eyes and I stared at Cranston with reproach. 
"Well that shouldnt take long," she quietly replied.



When the taxi finally pulled up to the side of the road in front of the casino the sun had disappeared entirely beneath the horizon. In its place was the dark blue of the Mediterranean evening and cool air blew inwards from the shore. 
Gas lamps had been lit all along the road and the dark amber glow of their light embraced one with luxury and pleasure. Whether you were taking somebody to dinner, to the theatre, or simply on your way to prevent an international crises, it was difficult not to enjoy San Remo after the sun went down.
Cranston and I left the taxi and, buckling to her violent protests, decided not to let the driver take Elizabeth straight to the hospital. 
"Im not done quite yet," she said, making a go of standing on her own two feet. Even with such resolve, the stairs were too much for her and, arm around her waist, I helped her up the velvet carpet.
After reaching the top we were promptly addressed by two very well dressed chaps who were checking tickets at the door. Cranston showed them some papers or other and Elizabeth flashed them this and that and we were soon inside. 
The red carpet continued and we were greeted by a smart man offering champagne from a silver tray. 
"Where is Adessi?" Cranston asked. The chap simply smiled and offered his tray to us. "Dov Adessi?" Cranston repeated. "O et la gestionnaire?" 
The man merely shook his head, shrugged politely and offered the platter once more.
Elizabeth took one, but Cranston almost knocked him down from frustration. 
The sounds of the live jazz band tinkled and popped towards us from the casino, which had been converted into a ballroom for the affair. "Ive always hated that song," I said, listening through the walls to the poor choices Jimmy was making.
"I have an idea," said Cranston. "Remember what you said in London?"
"No?" I said, confused.
"You told me that you knew what it was you did best, and it wasnt this sneaking around sort of thing."
"Yes. Yes I did say that. Are you about to tell me I was absolutely right?"
"Yes," he smiled. "I think itd be a good idea to have you among those musicians. Youd have a great view of things from that stage, wouldnt you?"
I peered through the doors and saw Jimmy in the middle of a gang of four. On a slightly raised plinth at the south end of the room, dressed to the nines, were three chaps that made up Jimmys Rio Trio. One on drums, one on piano, and Jimmy on a double bass. A beautiful woman was upfront singing, I felt, a little flat.
"I get your drift," I said. "Where will you be?" Cranston took out his gun and held it as if he was weighing his options. 
"Ill be in the crowd looking for Millerand."
"And Mortier and White," I reminded.
"Of course," he said. "Any sign of them and shout. We have to find them before they get to Millerand." He looked down at the gun and after a second or two pocketed it before turning and pushing open the large gilded doors to the party. 
"Ill give you a sign," I shouted above the noise, as I followed him, carrying Elizabeth. "Just leave me by the drinks," she said, smiling. I did so and gave her my jacket. "Thank you, Jack. You know, I think you just might be one of my favourite people lately." 
I tried not to blush, but it was in a deep shade of pink that I set off. 
I caught a final glimpse of Cranston walking westwards towards a setup of drinks and food in the far corner, from which waiters were buzzing back and forth between it and the guests like bees to and from the hive. 
I walked towards the stage.
The band were finishing an old ragtime number, before stopping and pausing for breath. 
And just when I thought the night couldnt get any worse, the flat singer came up to the microphone and, in a light, Irish accent, started to speak:
"Ladies and gentlemen. I would like to sing you a song from my own fair country of Ireland. If I may be so bold, I think that you will like it. And ladies, its a good waltz too!" She winked a seedy, unnecessary sort of wink. "Gentlemen, if you would..." She counted them in and the first few bars of Pretty Kitty Kelly floated into the air, drifted downwards towards me and stung the skin like nettle rash in the dark.
"Pretty Kitty Kelly," I murmured and swore. "Ill kill Jimmy." A Duchess of some fashion turned and I bowed. 
"Mi dispiace," I offered, giving her my best impression of Cranston as I passed her by.
On reaching the stage I gave the pianist a nudge. "Here, Charlie." 
"What?" 
"Best I play the next couple, eh? Give you a chance for a smoke?"
"And who are you?" He whispered back, trying to retain focus on the murder at hand.
"Jack James," I replied.
"And who are you Jack?"
"J.J. From the Dodo." 
"What... J.J. and the Anklers?"
"Thats the one." I said, puffing out my chest. "Important business really."
"Sure!" He said. "Best to finish this one though, right?"
"Not really."
But he was resolute. I stood there and lit a cigarette, peering over the flame for a while, skimming the crowd. Around two hundred people were waltzing, drinking, eating and talking. The men were wearing black tie. The women were spinning around in the shortest and flattest cocktail dresses Id ever seen. Seeing not much from ground level, however, I couldnt see anybody I wasn't meant to. 
As a mercy the song finished and my new friend hopped off the stool to find a bit of peace after the damage had been done. I jumped up and nodded to Jimmy who looked surprised but who offered, to his credit, an its alright nod to the rest of the gang. I sat down, flexing the fingers.
I cracked my knuckles and felt the keys for the first time in far too long. I nodded to Jimmy. "Follow me guys, wont you? For King and country and all we stand for." 
I looked out towards the crowd of statues. If I could break them up and get them dancing, I thought, I could see who we were looking for. In a hint of divine inspiration, I looked down at my hands and remembered those days at the Dodo Club and those nights that really had made a difference. 
This was definitely a night that needed making and so, with a deep breath, I trilled my way up the keyboard into Jelly Roll Mortons Finger Breaker. 
Light touch, light touch, light touch, little trill. Light touch, light touch, light touch, little trill. Repeat and then get into the rhythm of the left hand. Down up, down up, down up, slower with the melody on the right hand, Jack. Repeat and then tap out those high chords and pound the base notes. Repeat and trill right up the board to hit the middle section. Staccato with the right hand, up down up down on the left and then bounce up into At The Jazz Band Ball.
I looked up. The room was electric and it sent shivers down the spine. One could easily have gotten lost in the action of the dance, but not forgetting the plan I quickly started scanning the room for the men of the hour. The guests were hopping about a little, now, and the statues were fewer. And so, still tapping and pounding away, I searched faces, found eyes, caught glances and bored into the backs of peoples heads. 
Eye-glasses, bow-ties, moustaches, beards... nothing. I saw everyone and found nobody. I pounded on the piano in frustration and spotted Elizabeth drinking in the corner. She caught my eye and then shrugged, shaking her head. She nodded to the opposite corner and, following her eye-line, I saw Cranston. 
He was talking to a gang of waiters. But then I saw something... what was it? A blonde man was talking to a redheaded waiter behind Cranston. So what? What had I seen? The blonde man passed the other man a bottle of champagne. He nodded and, after popping it, carried into the crowd on a silver platter. The redhead had a beard. A dark beard. It was Mortier. Mortier in a red wig and a waiters tailcoat.
From all the music that I had learned in peace time, for all I knew about jazz and blues and the calming spirit of the new music, I knew that in times of crisis you have to turn to the Master. I slammed my hands down three times for the opening chords of Beethovens Fifth. The room froze. Every head turned, including Mortier. I had him. 
"He's there!" I cried.
Deafened by the silence, I jumped off the stage and started in a run towards them all. Throwing his bottle away Mortier turned towards Cranston who, I now saw, had been talking to Millerand. Mortier pulled a gun. 
Cranston saw him only just in time and managed to pull the French President out of the line-of-fire. Mortier fired twice before turning and charging through the of mass of people towards the door. Doing so he knocked over a waitress and I saw, as he did this, that the waitress was Victoria in disguise also. He picked her up and took her by the arm tightly.
Dragging her along, he pulled open the giant doors and started, not into the street, but into the belly of the hotel. Seeing him above the tops of the heads of guests, I followed him through the crowd. 
Outside the ballroom I saw Mortier smash his palm into the lifts call button. The doors opened with a metallic ping and Mortier put his gun to her head. "Not another step!" He said, fuming as Cranston and I approached. "You always did like my sweet Victoria, didnt you?"
 He grinned a filthy, low down gutter of a grin which stayed with me long after the doors had closed and the lift had started on its ascent. I watched the needle above show that it was on its pursuit to the very top floor.
At this moment Elizabeth joined us with no sense of urgency, but on seeing Cranston her eyes widened. "You're hurt!"
I turned and saw that Cranston had taken one of Mortier's bullets in the shoulder.
"It's only a scratch," he lied, and tried to straighten up. 
"Where is the bastard?" Elizabeth asked.
"Hes gone up," I replied.
"Damn idiot," Elizabeth said. "This is his swan song, Cranston. You know that. Hes on the edge now. I wouldnt take chances. Just let him rot up there."
"Hes got Victoria," I said. 
"Still..." She shrugged. "Im sure shes all cream and strawberries, but I wouldnt go dying over her."
"What is all this?" Said Adessi, who was storming over to us in his finest tails. "What is going on?"
"Its over," said Cranston. "The Delegates Ball. It's over. Get everybody out of here and home safely. And if your men see a waiter with white eyes, then grab him. But be careful... Hes dangerous."
"Ready?" I asked, pulling my gun from my jacket.
"Ready," Cranston replied.
We started for the giant of a staircase.
"Ill just stay here, shall I?" Shouted Elizabeth sarcastically, as we turned the corner and carried on up. 
"If you can manage it," Cranston shouted back.



We reached the top floor. I looked around, but there was nothing to see. It was the same corridor we had seen on our tour the day before. Red speckled carpet, gilded pale doors and absolutely no international assassins.
"What now?" I asked, but Cranston didn't respond. I was about to ask if we should start checking rooms but I stopped and tilted my head. 
"You're doing it again aren't you," he said.
"Ssh."
I tuned him out. I heard cars moving outside in the street. I heard the band playing Paul Whitemans Whispering in the ballroom, which suddenly ended mid-song. Adessi had put a stop to it, I knew. And then I heard it again. A noise above us. Footsteps. Footsteps on what sounded like gravel.
"They're on the roof." Cranston said, hearing it too. "There must be a door. You look that way. I'll check this way." 
Doing as instructed I started knocking on doors, but it didn't take long to find the thing. A cheaply put together door was hanging almost off its hinges, revealing a set of stairs that led upwards. 
"Its here!" I said, as loudly as I dared. Cranston came over in a run. 
"Are you ready?" He asked, weighing his gun gingerly, his bad arm hanging stiff by his side. 
"This is it, then?" I asked. "The final shoot out and all that? Just like in the books."
"Lets hope not," he replied.
"Dulce et decorum est pro patria mori," I said.
"Absolutely," he replied, I felt, not getting it. "Oh and this time, Jack? Aim high."
We emerged together out of the stairwell into the centre of the roof. Eight large square pillars stood at each of the corners and at the middle of each of the four sides. I noticed that the air had turned from balmy to a deep, bitter chill. A cloud-filled sky had turned moonlight into darkness and it was only by the light of the street that we were able to see anything at all.
Cranston crouched down and quickly looked around before pulling me behind the nearest column. A shot rang out behind us and connected with the rooftop. I heard Victoria's voice cry out. I made to look to where the sound had come from but Cranston pulled me back once more. 
"On two..." He whispered. "Run to the other side."
I nodded. 
He leaned around the column and fired a shot outwards and up. On his second shot, I took my cue to sprint across the roof and skidded to a stop behind the opposite pillar, kicking up the gravelly surface and knocking some of it into the street three stories below. 
"Mortier!" Cranston called. "It doesn't have to end this way. You've got nowhere to go."
"And what would I do?" Said Mortier from the opposite side of the roof. "You would have me serve my time in prison? You would have me come out of prison a better man?"
"I don't know about prison, Mortier." Cranston shouted back. "I hear they do things with electricity to the brain that might do you some good." On this he turned and fired once more towards where he felt Mortier to be.
"Stop!" I shouted to Cranston. "Youll hit Victoria."
Mortier laughed. "And you! You care so much for Victoria and yet you are a part of this! You should have left her and I alone in Paris."
"Her fate is not your fate," Cranston called back. "You can give her a second chance." Suddenly I saw Cranston stumble and fall to the ground. He sat on the floor with his legs stretched out like a puppet with its strings cut. Like Elizabeth, his shirt was now stained from the wound in his shoulder.
"How little you know," Mortier replied. 
"I know enough." Cranston replied, quietly.
Suddenly I heard movement from a different part of the roof. I turned and by the dim moonlight I saw the pale dead eyes of White. He, too, had come from the staircase below and, on seeing me, he fired. 
I crouched down and grabbed the edge of the building to throw myself off. I felt my gun slip away and clatter on the ground far below as I hung on to the edge with both hands. 
Hearing him approach, I made to hand-over-hand in order to hide behind the next column but I knew it would be no good. He would soon have me and that would be the end of everything. In my mind I saw him fire. In my mind I saw my lifeless body fall to the ground; bones broken, eyes sightless and vacant.
But then I heard frantic movement. Victoria was yelling at White and there was a scuffle. With all the energy I had left, I pulled myself up and climbed onto the edge behind the next column, only to come face to face with Victorias frightened expression. 
"Him?" White shouted from behind her. "You go to him?"
I heard a shot, and Victoria's expression changed permanently. 
Her face fell and her eyes glazed over. She fell sideways, and lay still on the ground. 
Mortier cried out in misery.
White, however, was standing in the middle of the roof. His face was, at first, the picture of terror and threat, but then he dropped his arm and held his gun limply by his side. His eyes darkened, deeply, for the very first time.
Silently, the final player took to the stage. Emerging out of the stairwell as smoke does a gun, Elizabeths assassin walked forward and held out his gun towards the unexpectant White. Noiselessly Huda approached and, gun against Whites neck, took the weapon from the man who never misses. 
I leaned over Victoria and held her tight. Mortier was moaning and he, too, came over to her. A look of despair came upon him like a shadow. 
Cranston got up off the floor and limping over, approached Mortier and took his gun from him in turn. 
I turned back to Victoria, cradling her and holding her hand to her chest. I was sure she was breathing, that it had been a graze only, just like it had been for Elizabeth. Just like it had been for Cranston. Her eyes were closed. I put a hand at her throat but, feeling nothing, knew that the end had come.
"Why?" Cranston barked in the direction of the desolate Mortier. "Why Millerand?"
Mortier looked up, tears streaming down his face. "Millerand." He spat. "The war monger. The war criminal..."
"But why all this?"
"He was responsible for all men. He was the Minister for War. He sent them out to die." The man moaned simply. "Victoria's father" 
"Your brother" Cranston added. It wasnt a question.
"My brother" Said Mortier. "Sent away to die alone without his brother by his side Sent away to die and why? Pas rien..." He spat again and crumpled by her.
"Victoria was your niece?" I said, numbly.
"Its why she couldnt leave." Cranston replied. 
"You knew?"
"I guessed She needed him. Family needs family. He needed her too, in his way..."
I looked down at her and this time I finally saw it. The eyes, perhaps, or was it the colouring. She had changed in front of me. Her last movement. Fifteen-thousand, one hundred, I thought.
"How long have you known?" I asked.
"It was there to see..." He replied, simply. "The things you told me she'd said. The only reason I could think of why she'd stay around. I was hoping... Once this was all over..." He wasnt taking his eyes of Mortier who was still crumpled on the ground. 
"She was part of it from the start "
"I'm not sure," said Cranston. "She must have been at first. But you knew her better than I did, Jack. About things that mattered anyway. Only you can say what she really felt."
I turned away from Victoria to look at him. But at the same time Cranston looked at Mortier with pity in his eyes. "Im sorry," he said, kindly. 
"Do not be sorry," Mortier replied, with an edge to his voice that could have carved stone. "Just give me your weapon."
One doesn't give an assassin his tools on a whim, and so it was with some shock that I saw Cranston take out his gun. 
I stared at him. Didn't he know what Mortier was going to do? If it were I in his place, I'd have given Cranston one in the chest, knocked Huda off his feet and made a dash for the staircase. This was, evidently, not on Cranston's mind.
"I only need one shot." Mortier added, solemnly.
Cranston's eyes narrowed a little. He emptied Mortier's bullets onto the floor and they danced with a clatter on the ground. All but one, and Cranston caught it, before slotting it carefully back into the pistol and handing it to the man we'd been trying to stop since that night at the Dodo.
"What are you doing!" I cried. 
But while neither Cranston or Mortier replied, I soon understood the situation as White started backing away from the lot of them in fear, towards the edge of the roof. 
The pale man started to whimper. "Quel est ce? Je suis ton ami. Nous sommes boutons rouges!"
"Vous tes autre chose," replied Mortier. "Vous n'tes rien." And then Mortier fired one shot, deep into the very centre of White. The pale man, who had so recently been in my nightmares, stumbled and fell backwards off the roof and crashed down into the street below.
Mortier dropped the weapon. I knew now that he had found some form of peace. He had been able to avenge at least one of whom he had cared for, and I could tell that this had brought him a little of what he had sought all along.
The roof became silent and the world relaxed into the shape that all of us on the roof knew it could be. That all of us knew it should be.
But I had no thoughts other than that of deepest sadness. It was with some reluctance that I let go of Victoria. I stood up and looked out towards the sea.
So recently had Cranston and I been on its surface. So recently had we... had I been trying to save her from all of this. The man in the mask. Trying to save the girl... Only in books. Only ever in books.
"Im sorry..." Cranston said. He was looking at me this time, and he sounded every bit of it. "Forgive me."
"Next time..." I said, taking the red button from Victoria's collar and throwing away towards the horizon, deep into the crashing waves. "Next time you tell me everything."
"Absolutely." He said, taking a deep breath. He relaxed. He took another deep breath and did something that he hadn't done since that night in Paris in nineteen-fourteen. He smiled.



After that, it was a formality on our part. I helped the heartbroken Mortier down the stairs. A silent agreement had been set upon. Mortier had given up the fight and we had given up the chase. 
 I felt that no man should have seen what he had seen this evening  but it was hard to feel too much for him. He had, himself, put a gun against her head not an hour ago. Some might say that saying a thing and doing a thing are two very different actions, but I felt, in truth, that this wasnt the case.
Huda, according to his duty, was helping Cranston down the stairs by holding an arm around his waist with some dignity.
We finally came to the lobby and I handed Mortier to a couple of waiting officials that stood at either side of an attending Adessi. "The other man?" He asked.
"On the roof," I said. "Or rather, he is in the street now, I think."
"Well take it from here, Gentlemen," he said, shaking our hands. "They are going to move the delegates to the Castello Devachan to finish the talks. Such a pity," he added. "I do not know how to tell Magritte that the Crme Brle will not be tasted." 
And following in the footsteps of the two officials, who were each attending to Mortier, Adessi left us to recover.
And to complete the set, Elizabeth came over. The wound in her side had been dressed, but she still looking suitably pale. "I don't know what you've all been up to, but I've met some wonderful people this evening." She said. "But duty calls. Did I hear Adessi say that the delegates are being moved to Castello Devachan?" She straightened and looked towards Huda. "Well, I know where I need to be. Huda, I think you deserve another cocktail. You have a good evening gentlemen. You definitely know how to throw a party."
Huda followed after her, before not before turning to us and nodding in our direction.
"Good evening, gentlemen." He said, speaking for the first time. He joined Elizabeth and put his arms around her, carrying her away from the mess hed found her in and out into the peace of the street.
"Good man," I said, quietly.
"Good woman," Cranston replied, in kind. 
I stood with him for a good minute or two, saying nothing worth saying, feeling no relief at all and having no idea what came next. On turning, however, I noticed that following the commotion the ballroom had been emptied entirely. On some sort of instinct I walked back to the piano to do something or other purely by reflex alone.
Cranston followed me but took a detour in order to limp over to the bar to fix a pair of drinks. By the time he came back I was at the keys and having a good go at Jimmie Dupres, Jelly Bean. "What will they do with Mortier?" I asked.
"They'll will want to try him," my friend replied. "An attempted murder on the Prime Minister of France won't have a strong defence."
"You think he will hang?"
"No, I don't think he will hang." He placed a glassful on top of the piano for me and I stopped playing to take it. It tasted like the first real drink I'd ever had and I drained it to its base.
"What will happen to him then?" I asked, placing the glass back down with a clatter.
"The drug is tasteless, colourless." He said. 
From his pocket he pulled out a handful of red buttons and laid two out on the gleaming black surface of the piano-top. 
"Whose were those? Janvier and Lemaire?" I asked.
"After a few minutes it burns." 
"Martel. Richelieu. Skinner." I said, as he laid down the next three.
"And then you feel it."
"Vigne and White."
"You feel the peace inside you." He laid down the eighth button.
"Victoria" 
"And then it goes." 
But the ninth button never came. I looked up at him. "Where's Mortier's button?" 
"A Professional Gentleman does everything necessary to bring about peace." Cranston recited, adjusting his shoulder to a more comfortable position. "He is always aware that he is not bound by the law, but knows that he is not above it."
"And a Professional Gentleman never kills." I finished.
"That's right," he replied. "But sometimes in order to take a life, you don't have to take anything at all"
I looked at him. With sudden realisation I understood. I didn't like it, but I understood what he had done and why he had done it. Towards the end, you could almost see through Mortier's eyes, and wonder if, under similar circumstances, the thought wouldn't have entered your own mind. I shook my head and cleared myself of the thought.
Cranston walked gingerly back over to the bar but this time he brought over the whole bottle. He topped up both of our drinks and then sat on the edge of the platform. He was quiet. And not just silent, but the sort of quiet that precedes a difficult discussion. You can almost feel them coming.
"Jack," he said, lighting a cigarette with a peaceful sigh. 
"Yes, Cranston?"
"Did you mean it when you said you wanted to know everything?"
"Of course."
"Then theres something I need to say." I stopped playing. He continued. "I suspected Victoria. I once thought she was behind all of it."
"I know." I said, surprised only that he hadnt brought it up until the end. "In the caf. On Rue Tholoze."
"I kept wondering," Cranston continued. "Why was Mortier not in Paris? If he was controlling everybody, why did we not see him? If he wasnt pulling the strings, who was?"
"They say poison is a womans weapon."
"The things that were said in the Villa,"
"And in my flat."
"I suppose," said Cranston. "That well never really know."
"I think we know Cranston," I said, quietly. "At the end of it all If you spend enough time with a person, youll find out who they are. Where theyre from and what they were after. But even if the worst of it is true, it doesnt mean you cant still feel for them"
I looked down at my friend. To my surprise he was smiling. A genuine grin had crossed his face and had taken years off it.
"Are we still talking about Victoria?" He said, finally. 
I laughed.
"Jack?" He said.
"Yes."
My friend lay back on the edge of the platform to rest his shoulder and sipped from his glass.
"Jack of Jack James and the Anklers?" 
"The very same."
"Leader of the best jazz set in the whole of London?"
"So some have kindly said."
"I think it's time for you to do what you do best."
And so it was that, flexing the fingers, stretching my arms out wide, and pulling the stool forward with my right foot, I did.


Wear your heart on your sleeve 

Jack James and the Anklers



When youre down and out and the rain keeps falling,
And youre sick and tired of the gentlemen calling,
You can always bet theres another set,
Just wear your heart on your sleeve.

When youre trying to leave but the footsteps follow,
And youre tired of today and afraid of tomorrow,
You can always bet theres another set,
Just wear your heart on your sleeve.

When the ball, seems a lonely campaign,
You can call, for a glass of champagne,
Before you dance, with a turn and a twist,
Wear your heart on your sleeve,
Its all in the wrist.

When your time is up and it's the end of the day,
Just straighten your tie and button up the j.,
You can always bet theres another set,
So wear your heart on your sleeve.
