

The Birdwatcher
A Smolder novel by Kathryn Judson

Smashwords Edition

Copyright 2013 Kathryn Judson
Smashwords Edition published 2014
ISBN: 9781311187789
All rights reserved.


License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This book may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


This is a work of fiction. Characters, places, and agencies are fictitious, or used fictitiously. No resemblance to actual persons is intended.

Historical note: In the time period of The Smolder, the title of Local Lieutenant came to be used for a type of community leader who had both civilian and military duties. Other titles also evolved, as people scrambled to cobble together defense forces with limited resources, and wound up, at least in most of Northam, with a system that had characteristics of militias, regular military, and police force, rolled into one. In the early days, Local Lieutenants were called such, but by the time of our story, they were called simply Lieutenant.


<[1]>

Renzo Pendleton d'Oregon took the piece of paper out of hiding, and traced the words with his finger. Soli Deo Gloria. He was too intelligent to ask anyone what that meant  that sort of curiosity got people killed  but he was sure the words held significance.
He picked up the photographs that he'd found along with the mysterious note. He'd never seen photographs printed on paper, before these. Usually, pictures were electronic, and changed over time, as the government improved them or brought them up to date.
The photos confused him. They weren't like anything he'd been allowed to see. Some were of beautiful interiors of buildings, carefully furnished. Others were of people posing with guns  but the people weren't dressed like officials, or like subofficial specialists such as himself. Another showed a man in strange garb being shot by a firing squad; this one almost made sense, but not quite. Renzo was used to seeing executions of treasonous officials by loyal ones. The strange garb didn't look like a government official's uniform, but it looked like a uniform of some sort, even though it lacked a uniform's usual severity and drabness. It was clean, too. Whoever heard of a clean uniform? The doomed man's expression and manner didn't make sense. He was calm, strong; neither panicked nor sneering. The last picture in the stack showed a street scene, with transportation devices similar to those that officials sometimes had, but of a different style. Since only one style was allowed per class of persons at any given time, and since no known present devices looked like those in the pictures, Renzo guessed that the photographed devices were outdated. He rather liked the looks of the devices, but couldn't tell anyone that, for fear of someone reporting him for having obtained unauthorized information. That he'd found it by accident didn't matter. Thought contamination was almost never tolerated, regardless of how it was contracted.
His stomach growled. The fear of being caught, of being cut off from food and from society, suddenly outweighed his curiosity.
The photos and the mysterious note were carefully but quickly put back into the secret niche in the wall. The portrait of Greenley the Third was put back into place over it. Renzo moved the threadbare furniture back into the prescribed placement for his lonely quarters, in the process blocking access to the portrait and what was hidden behind it. He went to eat his paltry  but scientifically sound  breakfast rations. After eating, he headed out for a bird count. Every day he tallied the birds near his outpost, so the government could track changes. He was also supposed to report any unusual activity in the area, especially human activity, but he never saw any. He'd heard that reporting unusual activity was a good idea even if you didn't see any, but he was afraid to do that.
By habit, he first swept his binoculars along the trees beside the river, to see if there were White-Point Eagles there. They were seasonal birds, and it would be a shame to miss any of them. Besides, there was simply something satisfying about seeing them. They were larger and more impressive than most other birds, and more... more... something. He couldn't think of the right word. More self-possessed, perhaps. More watchful in a different way than other birds, at any rate, and they sat more erect than most. (The ancients had thought the birds were bald, which only went to prove how deluded under-evolved people could be.)
As usual, his line of sight dropped a little, despite himself, so he first saw the woman who worked on the other side of the river. She was right where she usually was, doing just what she usually did.
A movement of bright white caught his eye, on a branch four-fifths up a winter-bare tree. Dutifully, he shifted his attention, and saw an eagle settling into a more comfortable position. More eagles came into focus, sitting on nearby branches, unmoving except for the rare turn of a head. Five more eagles swept in from down the Snake River to join them. Renzo breathed deep and slow, as he generally did when he saw a swarm of large birds. Eagles, geese, cranes, herons, pelicans, swans, etc., all had an effect on him, even individually, but in large flocks, like eagles in winter, they could transfix him. He shook loose the spell and recorded their number, then widened his search, both in territory and in the type of bird he wanted to see. He did a thorough job, and acquired an admirable tally for a brief survey this time of year, in this semi-arid, scrubby landscape.
He sent his report in electronically, right on time. He lingered, watching the eagles, and unobtrusively watching the woman, who was always as alone as he was.
His Informer buzzed in his pocket. He took it out and read the message. Greenley had ordered that no more than six eagles were to perch in any locale. Renzo was ordered to shoot the excess.
With the gun he had, and the ammo he had, it would be a tricky business, nearly impossible really, whether he shot from where he was, or risked aborting the mission by venturing closer. But Renzo had experience bringing populations of even very small birds into line. In fact, as he well knew (thanks to commendations from superiors) his marksmanship skills and doggedness to duty had helped land him the honor of a solitary outpost. He waved the woman more to the side for safety's sake, and unleashed a shot. It missed, but by the bark that flew, he could gauge a correction. He unleashed another shot. An eagle fell. The others, more confused than scared, took wing. He felled another in flight, before they were out of reach.
He waited. An eagle came back. And another. He waited longer, patiently. When seven eagles had returned, he shot at them again. He missed, but the eagles, sensitive now to the danger that went along with the sharp crack of the gun, flew off again.
Renzo again waited, his focus on eagles, which must not be allowed to exceed the new limit.
By lunchtime, only three eagles were roosting within observation range. Three was permissible. Renzo went to eat his meager, but scientifically correct, lunch.

<[2]>

Julia Caldwell d' Idaho stood at the bridge that spanned the river that ran between Idaho Jurisdiction and Oregon Jurisdiction, and wondered if it was worth checking to see if it would, at long last, be all right to herd the cattle across to the other side. The bridge was finally free of ice, and the haystacks on the Idaho side were getting perilously low. Besides, it would be healthier to get away from the manure that had accumulated during the recent bad weather, when she'd let the cattle huddle miserably in one spot for a few weeks, next to the haystack nearest the herder's hut. Besides, the cows were getting close to calving. She'd learned the hard way that calves weren't above cavorting off a bridge. If she was going to move her herd, it would be good to do it now  not that pregnant cows were always easy to herd, either, but it was harder to lose one to the river. It generally took a mass of misdirected cows heedlessly shoving, and even then you had to catch a cow off guard. A grown cow that knew about a drop-off was difficult to shove over. She'd climb over other cows first.
Julia thought about rigging a rope fence along part of one edge of the bridge, to help a little  to give the cows a reason to pay better attention, if nothing else  but the last time she'd done something like that, a hard reprimand had followed on the heels of a commendation. One official had thought her idea very clever; he'd not only authorized her to go ahead with the experiment, he'd used her innovation as an example of a good citizen in action, prudently looking out for the better preservation of state resources. Another official, upset to see innovation coming from a mere citizen, had erased her commendation, ordered her to take the rope down, and warned her against further efforts at improvement. To back himself up, he had cited historical purity laws and ascetics regulations.
There had been a purge in that department, but Julia wasn't sure which factions were still standing, much less which one was on top. So she stood at the bridge, hating that it was built to Turner the Fifth standards, which disdained any 'ornament' that might distract from surrounding Nature  and which nitpickedly counted side rails as ornament.
It didn't help that she'd seen more recent bridges, which had side rails. It's not like the rails were actually forbidden; in fact, they'd been hailed as progress.
Theoretically, she could file a citizen suggestion that the bridge be brought up to date, but she was afraid to do that, especially after the reprimand.
She doubted that a suggestion would do much good, anyway. She worked in a Remote Area, so far down the Upgrade-Worthy Priority List that it might as well not be on a priority list. In general, the fewer people who would see a structure, the less it mattered if it was outdated. Out here, except for the helicopter pilots who brought in supplies or hauled off beef, for as far as the eye could see (and reportedly for far beyond that) there was only herself, and  part of the time, and too far away to talk to  the birdwatcher on the other side of the river.
It was time for him to be there. As usual, she looked up to gaze at the spot where he usually stood for his bird count.
He waved at her from the top of the low hill. It was clear that he wanted her to move. Knowing that he was charged with avian population stability, she quickly complied, moving herself and nearby cows off to the side he'd indicated.
He aimed near the tops of trees on the riverbank and fired. He fired a second time, and an eagle fell. It wasn't like him to miss like that; to hit the wrong type of bird.
He fired again, and another eagle fell, this time out of the sky. Julia reluctantly concluded that for the first time in her life, eagles had acquired an unhealthy population.
The birdwatcher stood still, watching, even after the eagles had flown away. It looked like he meant to fire again, should they return.
Julia gave up on the idea of asking Authority if she could take the cattle across the bridge, for fear she'd be ordered to do it before the birdwatcher was through shooting. She went to feed her herd, out of her nearly-gone supply of authorized hay.

<[3]>

After lunch, Renzo carefully washed the table, and dried it. With ceremony, he took his Informer from his pocket, and placed it on the table. He sat, jigging the chair into perfect alignment as he pulled it close. The extra attention to detail when sitting down to a Lesson had been drilled into him from infancy. There was no doubt that it heightened the sense of importance of the activity. As far as Renzo was concerned, this was only proper, given the subject.
Today was a special day. The day before, he had completed a round of lessons. Today, he got to start over, this time at a higher level, with a higher ranking. He could by now repeat most of the lessons by heart. He smiled. He was becoming more and more accomplished, in a subject held to be important by Society. It felt good.
He depressed the button that indicated that he was ready for a Lesson. The screen lit up, to show a man who looked just like Renzo; or rather, just like Renzo would look if he were a few years older, and had spent less time out in the sunshine and weather.
"Good afternoon, Citizen," the man said, in the wonderfully rich voice and proper enunciation for which Pac-Nor Progressives were noted.
"Good afternoon, Judge," Renzo replied with a similarly rich voice and veneer of courtesy, even though he knew he was speaking to an interactive recording.
"Today, we begin the Foundational Lessons from the beginning, at Level 26," the Judge said.
Renzo nodded, and smiled, pleased to hear it confirmed that he was, indeed, at Level 26. After this year's round of lessons, he would graduate to adult status, finally  provided, of course, that he did well.
He wiped the smile off his face, and focused with the same concentration he'd used in shooting eagles.
"What is the chief end and purpose of a citizen?" the Judge asked.
"To serve History, and Order, and one's own breed, regardless of personal cost," Renzo said.
"You have answered correctly," the Judge said. "How do we know how to serve History and Order?"
"By careful observance of the decrees of Sacred Government. By this, we serve the Future correctly, as well as glorify Society today."
"You have answered correctly..."

<[4]>

The cattle were getting restive. Currying sometimes calmed them, so Julia got the currycomb and a bristle brush off pegs in the tool shed, and clucked at the cows. The friendlier ones jostled with the needier ones to get to her first, but once the initial excitement died down, she had them waiting in a proper-pecking-order line for their turn at a grooming session. The cows were still in thick winter hair, and were caked here and there with mud and manure, so the short metal teeth of the curry, and the soft bristles of the brush, weren't going to make much headway, but the cattle seemed to like the attention as much as they appreciated any improvement to their coat.
Julia sang to the cattle as she worked. She wasn't quite sure she correctly remembered which was the currently recommended cattle taming song, but didn't feel like putting down her brushes and pulling out an Informer to check. If she were still back at the training facility, surrounded by other people, it would matter enough to look it up, she thought. After all, she wouldn't want to misinform a fellow citizen in general, or a fellow breed member in particular. Out here, though, all alone, there didn't seem to be any harm in using the song she'd been using. Besides, the cattle seemed to like it. Certainly, they liked it better than the music chosen for them in the previous round by the heads of the department. That melody had been choppy, loud, fast, in a minor key. It was meant to be inspirational, she had been informed. The cattle had not found it so, and neither had Julia.
She had worried that she might be asked to give a report on the efficacy of that song.
When she was younger, she hadn't worried so much about such things. But then, when she was younger, she had almost always been deemed to have given the right answer, in the right spirit. Somewhere along the way, the unwritten rules had changed, or it seemed like it. Perhaps it was only that Authority seemed restive these days, like cattle before a storm.
Her mind snapped to attention. That last thought was surely not in line with proper thought.
Chastened, Julia pulled out her Informer, and looked up the currently recommended cattle taming song. It was, she was relieved to find, the one she'd been singing. She resumed singing, this time with a calmer spirit. It was no good being right by accident. It was better to know.

<[5]>

After his Lesson, Renzo pulled off his boots and lay on the bed, to warm up under several layers of blankets. None of the blankets was new, or clean, or soft, or beautiful. Renzo had seen beautiful quilts, in a museum. Images of those quilts flitted into his mind, unbidden. He chased them away. As the curator had explained, past generations had made the mistake of surrounding themselves with false beauty, which distracted them from Purpose, as well as from True Beauty, which was found only in a perfected Society.
Renzo's mind, freshly washed from time spent with the Judge, latched onto the curator's instruction, and held on for dear life. The concept of beautiful objects being intrinsically evil because they distracted from more important things didn't make sense to him, but it was Correct Thought, and so he tried to accept it.
Acceptance didn't seem to be working all that well, though. He switched gears, and tried to recall his sins against History and Order, so he could repent of them.
The photographs came to mind immediately. The odd rooms, ornate but orderly. The condemned man's garb. There was beauty there. And in the transportation devices, too.
Renzo clenched his jaw. He had meant to repent of his sins, not take pleasure in them.
Besides, he was dodging the main point. He had suffered thought contamination, but had not immediately destroyed the offending material.
He thought about getting the note and the pictures, and burning them. But he was just starting to get a bit of warmth built up under the blankets. Besides, if he was going to burn something, it might as well be at supper time, when he had to bustle around anyway, he thought.
His bed was situated where he could see a patch of sky out a grimy window. There seemed to be another storm rolling in.
He'd done his required reportable work for the day. He was cold. There was no reason to get up and get colder, not for a while yet. He rolled onto his side, pulled the blankets close, and went to sleep.

<[6]>

Julia looked at the sky with dismay.
She checked the weather report. As usual, it didn't match what she saw. She no longer really expected it to, both from experience and from having found out that the reports were from a weather station nearly a hundred miles away; this had been deemed good enough, given that the region had been depopulated except for herders and government biologists. But, still, the yearning for the reports to be true, for the predictions that went with them to be useful, was reluctant to die. She refreshed her Informer, hoping against hope for data that made sense. The weather report was still wildly inaccurate.
She looked at the remaining hay stacked near the hut, calculating how long it would last. She looked at her miserable cattle, already thin from battling a worse than usual winter. She looked across the river, where a handsome stand of large haystacks stood, pristine, held in reserve for just such conditions. No, on second thought, pristine was the wrong word. The stacks were untouched, but had been so for three years already, by orders from bureaucrats who had in their rulebooks that hay should be used within five years, but who didn't seem to understand that the quality suffered long before that. What mattered to them was that they could show that they had a steady reserve of hay.
Via text message, Julia requested permission to move the cattle across the river into Oregon Jurisdiction. Her Informer blinked low battery signals at her, then died altogether. She went to her hut and took her other Informer off the charging stand. It was dead, too.
She stood in shock, unable to decide what to do. A person had two Informers  one with you, one charging  precisely to make this sort of situation impossible.
It slowly dawned on her that perhaps the power had failed. The power, after all, often flickered and dipped and sometimes went out altogether, although up until now it had never been out for more than perhaps half an hour at a time. Certainly, it had never been out long enough to cause serious problems. The government had made sure of that.
She had dutifully turned off the heating system when she'd left the hut. She flipped the switch to turn it back on. The coils stayed dull and cold.
She tried the lights. They stayed dark.
The power was out. Really out. Not low, not flickering. Out. It had been out long enough for both Informers to die. Impossible, that. Impossible.
Her mind spun.
Pilots wouldn't be bringing supplies for another nine days. Until then, unless the power came back on by itself, she had no way to report the outage, or to revive an Informer, and her usual way of getting warm was gone. She could burn wood and brush to stay alive, if she could get permission from the Particulate Police to make a fire. But she couldn't get permission until she could use an Informer. She felt trapped. To calm herself, she went outside to brush more cows. Caring for them gave her at least a sense of purpose, a sense of normalcy. They were warm, too. Perhaps she could sleep next to one, she thought  if she could coax it to lie down and stay down, instead of standing with its face into the wind as much as possible, which was standard bovine procedure out here in the wilds. Trying that would be an innovation, though, so she'd have to be careful not to get caught.
The wind picked up. The cattle stirred. Coyotes yipped a horrid, taunting chorus, cut off unnaturally by a howl of agony. Julia fancied that it had been a coyote's dying yell. An eerie silence settled on the landscape, heavy and sharp at the same time. Julia's heart sank. It felt like wolves were in the area. She had no recourse against wolves; no effective recourse, at any rate. She eased her way to the hut, singing gently and soothingly to the cows as she went. Just as she reached the hut, wolves unleashed on the herd.
The cattle spun in place, bounced off one another, stampeded.
Julia dove into her hut to get her bow and arrows, meaning to shoot at the wolves if she could get permission from the Department of Predators. Automatically, she keyed in a request.
The Informer did nothing. Panicked, she stared at it for a moment, trying to will it to work. Her overburdened mind reluctantly remembered, and finally fully acknowledged, that both Informers were dead.
Cut off completely from Authority for the first time in her life, she locked herself in her hut, covered her ears against the fading sounds of the stampeding cows, and burst into tears.
Anger soon swamped everything else. These were her cattle, under her protection. They were valuable Government Property. Duty called. It called incoherently, true enough, with competing ideas warring with each other in her mind, but it called loudly.
She put on her quiver, grabbed her bow, and went outside. There was a dead cow in the quarantine corral. That would be Number 7762  dear, sweet, gentle, friendly 7762, who liked to have her belly scratched. Wolf puppies were gnawing on her. Julia sank fatal arrows into three of them, before the others realized that the world had gone terribly wrong, and scrambled off in search of a universe less hostile.
The grown wolves in the vicinity eyed one another, weighing a response. Julia drew a bead on the craftiest-looking one, then reconsidered. She put an arrow into the heart of a wolf standing with its left side conveniently exposed. When it dropped, its mate faced Julia, and began a slow, menacing approach. Julia aimed an arrow at her opponent's chest. The wolf's eyes met hers. The wolf stopped. It turned its head to consult another, higher ranked wolf. The top wolf called retreat. The wolves turned and ran, gathering tighter as they went.
Julia uncharitably hoped that wolves could get the illness for which 7762 had been quarantined. She hoped they would die from it. But that would take days, even under the most hopeful variation of that dream.
She went to retrieve arrows from dead canines. She felt an odd pang about the puppies as she dealt with their lifeless bodies, but that passed. They had been disorderly. Death was appropriate for them.
The arrow in the grown wolf was embedded deep. She couldn't get it out. She gave up on it. Government would give her a new one.
She went to the river and washed the bloody arrows, then sat on a log, uncertain what to do next besides rest for a minute or two. She wanted to help the cows that had run off, but now that the initial fury had worn off, she didn't feel she was a match for a whole pack of wolves. Sitting by the river, like she was doing, offered no protection. Going into the hut meant volunteering to be trapped there. Going after the wolves meant more or less volunteering to be dessert to their beef dinner. None of the options struck her as appealing, to say the least. At the moment, she couldn't imagine any other options.
There was movement overhead. An eagle sailed down to feed on the abandoned dead cow. Julia thought about shooting the big bird, but decided against it. The local eagles had already taken a hard hit today. Besides, it pleased her to think that the wolves would be deprived of some food.
She noticed another eagle, perched in a tree, watching something partway to the horizon. Perhaps the wolves? She found a tree that allowed a bit of climbing. She gained enough height to see where several wolves, perhaps the whole pack, had settled in to eat a cow they'd separated from the herd.
Looking along the river, she saw surviving cattle nervously crossing the bridge to join cattle already on the other side. Some were already at the reserve haystacks, eating as if nothing had happened. Julia smiled, enjoying for a moment a delicious envy of cattle, which hadn't imagination enough to dwell on dangers they couldn't see.
She took stock of the wolves. They were distant and absorbed in what they were doing. She climbed down. Staying in the cover of riverside vegetation, assessing trees for climbability as she went, she worked her way to the bridge. She led the last remaining cows across. Most of these were limping. Some were torn and bleeding.
She cut twine from hay bales, tore off hay in sections (called leaves), and tossed the leaves in a row on the ground, so cows could eat without battling one another.
She tried to rearrange bales to make a rest nook for herself out of the weather, but the bales were too heavy for her. She tried to fashion something workable with partial bales, but once the twine was cut, the bales lost both strength and structure. As no-longer-compressed hay came apart in her hands, her resolve and sense of ingenuity crumbled with it.
Involuntarily, she looked up the hill, toward where the birdwatcher stood for his bird counts. It struck her that he might have a working Informer. It also struck her that he had a gun, which would be good protection against wolves.
She didn't know where his quarters were, but she trusted that there would be a well-worn trail to it from the observation point.
The wind acquired snow. There wasn't nearly enough snow to hide a trail, but Julia's imagination conjured up the possibility of it. Trusting that the cattle would stay anchored to their new food supply, Julia headed up the hill.

<[7]>

Renzo's dreams refused to stay in line with correct thought. Eagles fell from the sky, and it seemed a bad thing instead of good. Also, the upcoming spring played with him, filling his mind with the marvels of green grass, budding trees, returning migratory birds, nests, baby birds; things he was supposed to take for granted, but sometimes, despite himself, secretly thought of as unbound to anything man could do, even through government and science.
The themes got tangled up with one another, eagles with spring. Renzo was transported back to the time a pair of eagles had stayed to nest, instead of going north with the others. He had sat for hours, watching as the youngsters hazardously, comically, learned to fly. The flying itself wasn't too bad, usually, but, oh, what misjudgments they made about landing. Again and again they had landed on branches that couldn't bear their weight. There had been flapping, and dancing, and sometimes a tumble. The youngsters had recovered before hitting the ground, but there had been close calls.
Memories of laughter popped into the dream. The woman across the river had laughed at a young eagle as it floundered on a pliant branch. Renzo had nearly laughed then, too; but his concern for the bird, combined with his fear of being seen, held him in check until he'd come to his senses. His senses, after all, knew that blundering eagles were further proof of how far short of perfection the world still was. It was no laughing matter, that.
He had briefly wondered if her laughter constituted the 'unusual behavior' that he was supposed to report. He had decided that it was too risky to file a report. What if he was asked if he had nearly laughed?
Instead, he had stood up, so she could see that she was being observed from a different spot than usual. She had noticed him then, and stopped laughing. She had moved off, to work with the cattle under her care. He had never heard her laugh again. Part of him was proud of that; to know that his mere presence had forced a reassessment of behavior. Proper thought had won out, with him as its agent.
Through the fog of his dream, he heard the wind's howl acquire a strange insistent pounding. He tried to file it away as a large woodpecker drilling under the eaves again, but the effort failed. He clawed his way awake, and listened more coherently.
"Please, Citizen Officer, if you are there will you open the door? I need help," a woman said.
Renzo liked the idea of being sought out for help. It went especially well with his pride at having achieved Adult Minus One Round status. He abandoned the warmth of the bed and opened the door. There stood the cattle herder from across the river. She was windblown and pale, a bit wet from snow that had melted on her skin, and she was carrying a bow. Renzo wasn't sure what to do.
"My Informers have failed, and wolves have attacked the herd, and I can't find out what to do without my Informers. If you could report that I need instruction and perhaps replacement Informers? Unless, of course, you have a better plan?" she said.
Renzo had no better plan. For that matter, he had no plan at all. The woman had tossed too much impossibility at him at once. There was also something about her person that was disorienting.
"Or, perhaps you can get this to work?" the woman asked as she held an Informer out to him.
He took it and tried to turn it on. It stayed dead.
"My heater is not working, either. Or the lights. Somehow my power supply has failed, or that it what it looks like," the woman said. "I am not bred or trained to understand such things very well. But perhaps, in the meantime, your charger would charge my Informer enough for it to work?"
Renzo recovered his composure enough to invite her inside. He took her Informer to his charging stand, and with a little trepidation (it felt dangerous to take his own back-up Informer off the charger) he set hers in the stand. No lights went on. He tried his again, hoping that the problem was somehow restricted to his neighbor's equipment. No lights. Alarmed, he went to his heater. It was cold, dull, and dead.
A warning message flashed on the Informer he'd taken from his charging stand: "Make sure that this device is seated properly in the stand. Failure to do so will result in failure to charge. It is a criminal offense to have an uncharged Informer in your possession." He'd never seen that message before, probably because he was meticulous about his Informers.
He fished his other Informer from his pocket. It was less than half charged. He felt a sudden aversion to using it. As a responsible Citizen Officer, he should ration its use, if power to restore it wasn't available.
Besides, if he used it, he would have to report that he was a criminal. That is what the fading Informer said: "It is a criminal offense to have an uncharged Informer in your possession."
He started to hand the woman's uncharged Informer back to her, to save himself, but it didn't seem right to do so.
"What is wrong?" the woman asked.
He mutely showed her the warning message on his fading Informer. As she read, that Informer died. Renzo froze. Now they were both in trouble. It was through no fault of his, which somehow made it worse.

<[8]>

When climbing up the hill, Julia had fought off waves of terror that splashed at her from both directions. Washing at her heels were wolves, and dead and maimed cattle for which she would have to answer, and the fact that she had acted without authorization, plus the inexplicable long-term loss of power which might accidentally have been her fault (how was she to know?). Ahead of her was the unknown, as well as a Citizen Officer, whose whims could seal her fate, if she wasn't careful, and lucky. (How glad she'd been, when given this assignment, to get away from the dangers of interacting with roommates and neighbors  possible false informants all  although of course she would never say so.)
When she had reached the birdwatcher's quarters, and there hadn't been a ready answer to her knocking, she'd been both frightened and relieved.
When the birdwatcher had shown up at the door looking tousled from sleep but self-important, it had almost been too much. She'd successfully fought off an urge to laugh out loud, but had instead blurted her troubles in a manner that was nothing like her careful rehearsals coming up the hill.
And now, after investigating the situation, the birdwatcher was just standing there, looking as scared and befuddled as she felt.
"Your power is disabled, too? How can that be?" she asked.
"I am not sure."
"Do you think war might have started?"
Renzo stared at her. War was even more impossible than anything else that he could bring to mind. Who would the enemy be? Everyone worked for the government these days.
Julia regretted getting him sidetracked. "I am sorry. I am not thinking clearly. I will readjust my thinking," she said. "But I have never had this sort of difficulty with the power. I have not been taught how it works, or what troubleshooting steps to take in case of continuing malfunction. Ordinarily, I would use my Informer to get instructions, but I cannot do that just now. Have you been trained in such matters?"
Renzo remembered a control box, with switches to be flipped. He went to it, and found the switches turned the wrong way. He flipped them back on. The charger lights came on. Renzo put his dead Informer in the charging seat. He was rewarded with the usual charging-in-progress message.
"You should do the same at your quarters, perhaps?" he said.
Julia hesitated. "If our systems are tied together, perhaps you have fixed the problem at my quarters?"
"I do not think our systems are tied together, exactly. I think they might have the same source, though. I am not sure," Renzo said, meaning to be useful, but instead driving home in his own mind that he had no idea what would cause his breakers to break, much less what would cause the herder's breakers to break at the same time.
"Since you are authorized to manipulate control switches, perhaps you could come down, or teach me what to do?" Julia said, studiously avoiding mention of the usual course of action, which would be to call in on a working Informer and find out officially what to do. Until the Informers were recharged, they ran the risk of being taken up as criminals, after all.
Renzo noticed the omission, and was quick enough to understand the problem. He didn't like it, though.
Noticing his hesitation, and fearing where it might lead, Julia said, "Perhaps I have not spoken clearly. I am not specifically authorized to access the control box, but I am under orders to not report unanticipated deviations from the Plan unless I cannot bring the situation in line with the Plan in a timely manner. I wish only to realign the situation in accordance with what is expected, if it is possible to do so. I cannot ascertain if it is possible, until an attempt is made to remedy the anomaly."
This had a wonderful effect on Renzo. He, too, was expected to not make the Plan (or his superiors) look bad at secondhand by putting an excessive number of unfortunate happenings on record.
He took his gun in hand  he never went outside without it  and escorted Julia down the hill. He suffered a pang of doubt when they got to the bridge. To cross would mean entering another jurisdiction. Ordinarily, he shouldn't do that without permission. He tried to think how he would word his request, if he called to ask for permission. No perfect phrasing presented itself.
"I consider myself fortunate to have a Citizen Officer nearby who can assist me in restoring proper order under these unprecedented conditions, in an unpopulated area. Much credit to Greenley the Third," Julia said.
It was the proper attitude, Renzo thought. He marshaled forward.
Shortly after they crossed the bridge, Julia scurried partway up a tree. "I am just seeing if I can see where the wolves are, if they are still around," she said. "Oh, there is a group of them still at the second dead cow. We shall not have to worry about them for a while." She turned to look at her hut. "I cannot be certain about the area around my quarters. It is possible that some are behind it, but that seems unlikely," she said. "It looks clear, in the areas I can see."
Watching Julia walk and clamber, wolves had slipped Renzo's mind. He did not wish to say so. He tried to look steady and unperturbed.
Julia climbed down, and notched an arrow in her bow. She was careful to convey a sense of being authorized to shoot on her own authority. Renzo, responding to the aura of official sanction, improved the grip on his rifle, and indicated that he was ready to follow wherever she led.
Julia felt that Renzo should lead the rest of the way, but didn't mention it, for fear of offending him. She led the way to her hut.
Renzo quietly noted the dead wolves, including the grown one with an arrow still in it. He took this as further proof that his companion was operating within extended, but proper, authority.
The breakers, as expected, had shut off. He reset them. The charging stand beeped and showed lights. Julia's second Informer, properly seated, began to properly charge.
"There. Now we are back to proper order," Julia said, with what sounded to Renzo like a proper reverence for order.
"Or, we will be, when I am back to my jurisdiction," Renzo said.
"Of course you are correct, Citizen Officer. Forgive me if I should have stated what you have stated. I assure you that I was assuming that you would return to your post within the time frame required by duty," Julia said, with the formality that people so often employ in totalitarian regimes, when they wish to avoid repercussions.
"I will do just that," Renzo said, matching her formality, and taking his leave.
Behind him, Julia closed the door securely, and shook.
She went to turn the heater on, not really expecting it to help much, at least as far as the shaking was concerned. People were dangerous. Wolves were dangerous. Snowstorms were dangerous. Dead Informers were dangerous. Her cattle were on the wrong side of the river, too. It was hard to think how her situation could be worse.
Lights flickered. The breakers snapped off again. Desperate, she went to the control panel, and turned them back on. For safety's sake, she immediately began pretending that she hadn't done any such thing. Pretending could be useful, in the world in which she lived.

<[9]>

Renzo imagined multiple wolves behind multiple trees and bushes on his trek back, but saw no actual ones.
Cattle turned their heads to watch him as he walked past. He noticed, with half awareness, that every creature in the herd was female. If there had been bulls or even steers in with the cows, it would have surprised him. Even in his KinderFormer days, boys and girls had been kept separated. In training sessions, on work crews, in living quarters, there was always strict separation of the sexes, at least in his region. He'd seen news footage from other regions, in which males and females worked side by side, but he was under the impression that those areas had not caught up to his.
A nagging doubt worked its way into his mind. He and the herder had worked together well enough, he thought. Perhaps women, at least some of them, weren't as impossible for men to work with as had been suggested. Perhaps Science had brought females high enough that they, at least some of them, wouldn't be a hindrance to men? Fogged with this thought, he didn't notice the badger until it charged. It bit hurriedly and made for cover as quickly as it could. Most likely it had felt cornered, and had seen no other way out.
Furious with surprise and pain, Renzo unleashed a shot at the fleeing beast, dropping it in its tracks. This posed a problem. He hadn't been ordered to shoot badgers. He wasn't fond of the idea of carting it to the river to dispose of it, but no better idea came to mind. Being careful to stay out of sight of the herder's hut, he hauled it down to the Snake and shoved it into the river with the leg that had been bitten. There seemed some sort of justice in that.
He limped back up the hill to his quarters, washed his wounds, and crawled into bed.

<[10]>

For the next few days, Renzo was a bit of a mess. The bite got infected; not badly enough to report it, in Renzo's opinion, but bad enough to be bothersome. To prevent the herder noticing that he wasn't in prime shape, which might tempt her to report him as defective, Renzo changed his schedule, going out to do the bird count before breakfast, but filing it at the usual time to avoid arousing his superior's suspicion. Also, he was in a horrid state regarding the contraband photos. It seemed more important than ever to destroy them, but it now also seemed impossible. Now that a person had made an unscheduled visit to his cabin, there seemed no safe time in which to scoot furniture out of the way and get into the hidden nook. What if he got caught holding the items? For that matter, even to be caught while in the process of destroying them was too dangerous for words. So he left them alone, except in his mind, which handled them over and over.
In his dreams, the herder kept showing up at his door and coming inside. Renzo would sometimes wake in a sweat.
While he was awake, sometimes he fancied that he heard her walking up to the door. This caused him to develop a need to know where she was, so he would occasionally sneak to where he could look down on the area around the haystacks. If he didn't see her there, he'd circle around carefully to where he could get a really good look at the area around her hut.
After a few days, after his leg no longer bothered him much, his fear of her subsided but, for reasons he couldn't articulate, he kept sneaking out from time to time, to see if he could see her.

<[11]>

For days after her encounter with the wolves and with the birdwatcher, Julia was a bit of a mess. She carried her bow at all times.
She shot one more wolf. It wasn't actively pursuing cattle, but it had moved in too close, in her estimation. It dodged a fatal shot and escaped with the arrow flopping in its hindquarters. After that, though, the pack took off, presumably in search of an area where enemies didn't kill or maim from a distance.
Not having reported the previous wolf shootings, Julia didn't report the latter one. It would be asking for difficulties, for one thing. For another, as she saw it, shooting wolves had simply become part of the way she helped keep the Plan operating smoothly. At least, that was the explanation she kept at the ready, in case she was found out. To some degree, she even believed it. 
She applied for permission to move the cattle across the bridge. When her request was finally granted, she breathed a sigh of relief to finally be authorized, and left the cattle where they had been for days.
In her spare time, Julia took another run at making a shelter for herself in one of the haystacks. Now that she'd had time to think things through, she did her experimenting on a side away from where helicopter pilots would see it when they brought in supplies. She finally had success in a haystack that hadn't been stacked as tightly as the others from the third row up. That her burrow was higher than she planned at first bothered her  it seemed disorderly  but then it pleased her, after it occurred to her that it might mean less exposure to pests that didn't like to climb.
The project soothed her. It shouldn't have, since it exposed her to reprimand for engaging in unauthorized activity, but as she had long since found out, what she was supposed to feel often didn't line up with her actual feelings. She enjoyed figuring out how things worked, and making them work better, or become more useful. She didn't dare tinker with anything around the hut, but haystacks were different. Anything out of place in a haystack could be blamed on creatures that ate or burrowed in hay.
Her nerves were certainly in need of soothing. She couldn't shake the feeling that she was being watched, at least part of the time. She thought she saw the birdwatcher sneaking around at odd times, in unaccustomed places. Stranger yet, she was almost sure one day that she saw someone walking around inside the grid of haystacks.
Dreams were bothersome for a while, too. The birdwatcher featured prominently in them. Sometimes he fought wolves with her. Sometimes he turned out to be a wolf in human disguise. Soon though, she was back to dreamless nights. Her trainers would have been proud of her, had they known how quickly she'd recovered. An uncommon ability for achieving uninterrupted, high quality sleep even under adverse conditions was a much-ballyhooed trademark characteristic of her breed of humans.

<[12]>

Harvey Meridian d'Idaho clinched his jaw as he piloted the helicopter toward the landing area for resupplying the cattle herder based along the Idaho and Oregon border near the Payette ghost town. He hadn't heard that she'd moved to the Oregon side.
His co-pilot hadn't heard about it, either, apparently, because he responded to the sight of cattle on an unexpected side of the river by grabbing electronic devices and checking to see if the semi-exiled woman had permission to take her hungry cattle from a location at which they might starve, to a location where they had plenty to eat until the grass got growing again. Harvey suspected that the man rather hoped that the poor creature didn't have permission, so that he could turn her in for the violation. Already, after only a week as a team, the man had turned Harvey in for possibly-suspicious behavior no less than nine times. There was no doubt, none at all, that the man hankered to get someone declared an experson.
Having no intention, if he could help it, of being deemed an experson  which for someone of his rank would most likely mean facing a firing squad  Harvey had been weighing the respective merits of getting the co-pilot named an experson first, or losing him out of a door during flight (there were ways to make it look like an accident), or taking the man to the backcountry and shooting him, or, rather less bloody an option, deserting the service and leaving the man to face the consequences of not having kept proper tabs on a fellow pilot. There were undoubtedly other options, but those were the ones that came most readily to mind.
As appealing as some of the above options had seemed at times, Harvey had decided to consult, if possible, with Lt. Ott before proceeding.
The plan had been to offload the cattle herder's supplies, sneakily knock his co-pilot unconscious with drugs, and fly a mile or so away to land out of sight of both the herder and the birdcounter who lived nearby. From there, he had meant to work his way back to the hidden entrance into the underground.
But then he'd seen the cattle around the haystacks; the gloriously untouchable reserve stacks that were (it had been presumed) going to remain untouched for another two years, simply because that's how bureaucrats thought. The haystacks shielded the porthole into Annextun, which is where he needed to go, if he was to consult Lt. Ott. 
The herder's presence near the stacks made it more likely that he'd be seen working his way to the porthole. It also meant the herder, if she reported seeing him anywhere near the hay, would most likely be treated as an accomplice. In a sane world, she wouldn't be. But the world under Greenley the Third was not a sane one. If he'd been an average pilot, Harvey wouldn't have cared. The herder was, after all, easily replaceable. If one Advanced Intermountain Human Collie failed to perform well enough to please her masters, all that the bureaucrats in the Department of Cattle Production needed to do was to order up a new one, and toss the disappointing one away. But Harvey wasn't that sort of man. Although he could feign indifference to the fate of individuals if duty required it, he didn't feel indifferent. Even his wretched co-pilot's fate nagged at him, and that was a man out to get him killed.
"She seems to be authorized to have moved the cattle to the uncustomary jurisdiction," the co-pilot reported, with his usual care to hedge.
"It is only to be expected, Comrade Pilot," Harvey replied, in the gloriously neutral tone for which he was known above ground.
He landed the copter neatly on the Idaho side, near the hut, not having received orders to land anywhere else, and not wanting to bring attention to himself or the porthole by asking permission to land anywhere other than the traditional spot.
The herder, who knew the schedule as well as they did, wasn't in evidence. Odd that.
He and Gills, the co-pilot, were in charge of offloading the supplies anyway, since mere citizens weren't to touch a copter, or even look inside of one. Still, the citizen was supposed to stand at a respectful distance, showing proper gratitude without overdoing it (excess gratitude for receiving necessities implied that you'd figured out that government didn't always come through, which was not an attitude to be tolerated).
They hadn't unloaded but a few armloads of supplies when Gills fell over as if dead, a dart sticking out of his neck. Harvey whipped out his handgun as he spun. He faced half a dozen masked men. The tallest of them had a distinctive, slightly lopsided outline, and had his hands in the air.
"Kindly don't shoot, Pilot Harvey," the tall man said. "Unless you've gone double agent on us, in which case we'll need to kill you."
"Same to you, Lieutenant," Harvey replied. "And please tell me how I'm supposed to report this to my increasingly-suspicious Greenley-ites. Quite frankly, I haven't come up with a good plan yet."
"Not to worry about that. We're pulling you in. But if you could fly us over to right beside the haystacks, on the side away from the birdwatcher, it would make life rather easier for all of us. Can you carry all of us, or do I need to send some men over at a jog?"
"Get in, gentlemen. Unless we want to unload first?"
"We'll unload over there," Ott said.
This prompted suppressed chuckles among the troops, but Harvey got the impression that Ott was through with games, and in more of a hurry than he wanted to admit. So he crawled into the pilot's seat as the troops loaded themselves and Gills' limp body into the back. He flew where directed, set down where directed, got out and stood where directed. Ott's men hauled Gills to the porthole and handed him down to unseen colleagues. Five men climbed out of the hole, toolboxes in hand. Soon every man in the vicinity except Harvey and Lt. Ott were happily, hurriedly, engaged in dismantling the copter, and sending pieces down the hole. The few pieces that were too big to get through the hatch were cut by lasers or metal shears, to make them small enough to go down.
"Most pilots would have panicked when they saw their bird being chopped to bits," Ott said, conversationally, to Harvey, without taking his eyes off the dismantling.
"Who says I'm not?" Harvey said back.
"I hope you don't mind being yanked in," Ott said.
"Not a bit of it, given recent turns of events," Harvey said.
"Speaking of which, let's get you out of sight, and somewhere we can chat," Ott said, steering his friend and subordinate to the porthole, and following him into the underground.
Three minutes later, there was no trace of man or machine near the haystacks, except in the tunnels, which had taken on that festive mood that sometimes settles on an outpost after a successful mission behind enemy lines.
-
"Which of you was designated head pilot this run?" Ott asked Harvey, after they'd reached his office.
"Me."
"Good. That helps. I might need you to order your co-pilot to switch his allegiance to Stanley."
"Poor Stanley. Tell him the man has treachery boiling in his blood right now."
"We had that figured out already, thanks to the number of reports of suspicious behavior he's been filing. His name is Gills? I've got that right?"
"Yes, sir."
"All right. Stanley might need to consult with you on Gills, but it's likely you won't be seeing him again until we're convinced he's had a genuine change of heart."
"Good luck."
"Oh, ye of little faith. By the way, Leo is going to take a very long run, more or less along the route you usually head after leaving here, flipping the helicopter's tracking device on and off in a way that suggests overall electrical trouble, and then he's going to crash you into the river off away from any Subterran portholes."
"So I am Nobly Demised, am I?"
"You will be in a few hours, as will Gills, as far as Topside is concerned. It's even odds whether you'll be given posthumous medals for dying in the line of duty, or held up from here to the end of history as demons who failed to keep valuable government property intact. Meaning the helicopter, of course."
"Of course  although, us pilot cogs are sometimes held to be more valuable than other biological cogs, you know."
"Welcome home, Harvey. I've got to get on some other things right now. You're assigned to Billet 32. I'll talk to you later."
Harvey dutifully took himself off in search of Billet 32. It turned out to be a suite in one of the newer sections of tunnel. Light coming through one-way fibers in the roof was dim but decent, and could be supplemented with electric lights in plain but handsome fixtures. The air was surprisingly fresh, although tinged with the familiar tang of tunnels built near a river. He had clean running water and his own bathroom, his own kitchen and dining room, his own bedroom. The very privacy of his surroundings struck him dumb. He'd lost track of how long he'd been topside, assigned to bunkhouses, watched every minute. He hadn't quite realized how well he'd adapted to it, or how much he'd forgotten.
The paint was fresh. The rooms were clean. There was art on the walls and there was a houseplant on a plant stand, underneath a grow light. Harvey saw a note on the plant stand, addressed to him. He broke the seal and read, "I promise to feed you more than this, Lord willing we don't lose all our provisions, but in case you're wondering, it's a newfangled lettuce much favored by my sister, who thought you would like it, and it doesn't taste all that bad  for lettuce  and you have permission to eat outer leaves at will. Shouldn't hurt it a bit. If you haven't gotten that far, some of your private stuff from your previous burrow is in the bottom dresser drawer in the bedroom. We're on bug out alert around here, or we might have shipped in the whole passel of it. But we need to keep our packs light, just so you know. Welcome Home, Warren. P.S. There's a Code B on this note."
Harvey burned the note, that being what Warren Ott meant by Code B amongst childhood friends.
He braced himself before going to the dresser. In the upper drawers, he found two sets of Subterran uniforms in his size, a pair of pajamas (they were, he noted with appreciation, designed to look enough like a uniform that a man wouldn't feel ridiculous being rousted out of bed in them), some toiletries, and other basic supplies. In the bottom drawer was a package wrapped in a pillowcase and tied with braided parachute cord. He untied the package and unwrapped the pillowcase. Inside was an expertly framed portrait of his wife and children. Maggie was radiant, the children were squirmy. Katya was three, Colson was two. The photograph had been taken nine days before the three of them had been murdered. The habitual callousness he'd used to survive topside held sway until, out of the corner of his eye, he saw the wooden cross mounted on the bedroom wall. It hit him then, really hit him, that he was back among people who understood the messy depths of other-centered love. Harvey wept.

<[13]>

Julia woke with the odd feeling that she'd slept for hours, instead of the short nap she'd intended, nestled inside her cozy haystack nook. Perhaps she shouldn't have made the bed so comfortable? She'd put loose hay on top of the bristly bales, and a blanket on top of that. It was warm and soft, and smelled better than her hut. Speaking of smells, what was that strange, light, chemical smell? She crawled out to see if she could find its source. It disappeared when she got outside.
Her fogged mind registered that it was nearly dark. The fog exploded into panic. She'd missed the supply helicopter! She ran, stumbling, to her hut. There were a few supplies stacked outside of it: salt and mineral blocks for the cattle, water purification drops for herself, a box of preloaded syringes with vaccine. It was the smallest stack of supplies she'd received in months, and was woefully incomplete. She'd never missed a delivery. She wondered if a reduction in rations was the penalty for a first offense.
Her Informer signaled a summons. Terrified to answer it, but more terrified to ignore it, she opened the communications line. To her relief, the superior on the other end of the line had opted to communicate via text message. It was marginally easier to hide panic in a text message. It was still tricky, but it was more likely you'd survive this way.
"CC CH Julia, Ack." [Note: the message means Comrade Citizen Cattle Herder Julia, Acknowledge]
"Ack."
"Sit 42 stat. Nd inp." [Situation 42 status. Need input.]
"StandRed," [Standing Ready] she typed, dutifully.
"Rcvd report supplies arrived off time 2day. Correct or Ncorrect."
Julia balked, suspecting it was a test, and afraid that to fail it would mean a slow death by starvation.
Her unseen, unheard interrogator tried again, ominously switching the proceedings to full words, and more formality. "If you know, report. It is your duty. Do not be concerned with the fate of the helicopter pilots. They will answer to The Truth."
It hadn't occurred to Julia to be concerned about the helicopter pilots. In fact, she was fairly certain that it was improper to even consider it. She typed: "Forgive my delay, Superior. It was not due to suggested reason. Of course we all must answer to The Truth. It was that I did not know how to answer, given only options of correct or incorrect, when the fact is that I do not know. Was delayed with cattle elsewhere. I regret missing helicopter, for first time in my herding career. Will take extra measures to see that it does not happen again, but today, it did."
"It was correct of you to admit it. Are supplies there?"
"Yes."
"That is what we needed to know. To prevent further disruption to morale or to The Plan, do not report today's anomalies to anyone else. If asked, you will say only that supplies arrived on the appointed day, as expected."
"As you say, so shall it be," Julia typed, using the formality and deference expected of a citizen who was privy to anomalies, or guilty of same. As she expected, the connection was broken off without further comment. She checked her activity log, to see if she had slept through other messages or, worse yet, a random refresher quiz on Foundational Values. No. Wonder of wonders, today had been one of those days when her exile had been nearly complete. The relief was almost too much to bear.
She thought she heard something moving in brush near the river. Something rather large. Perhaps more than one creature. With horror, she realized that she'd leaned her bow and arrows against the haystack before crawling in for a nap, and forgotten them when she came out. She decided it was getting too dark to make it to the haystack and back safely (much less with suspected wolves, bears, mountain lions, or spies in the vicinity). She further decided that she needed food more than she needed her bow just now. Feeling justified for doing so, she abandoned poise and dignity and more or less hurdled into her hut.
Once inside, with the door firmly shut between her and whatever was outside, she decided that if she ever went into the haystack again for a nap, she would take her bow and arrows inside with her. A woman simply should not be without her bow in this wilderness.

<[14]>

Stanley Charbonneau turned to his companion. "Well, old chap, that went about as well as could be expected, don't you think?"
"I'd be happier," Joel Johnson said, "If she hadn't heard us mucking along and panicked."
"You don't think she actually saw us?"
"My impression is no. My impression, however, is possibly as valuable as rotten tomatoes."
"Let's swing up the hill, and see how the birdwatcher team is doing, shall we?"
"Only because Ott ordered us to, once we were done here. I'm half frozen."
"Ooh, poor baby," Stanley said. "Now, why don't we cut the chatter, since we're in enemy territory, on a day designed to make them even more suspicious and ruthless than usual?"
Joel nodded assent, in a way that suggested, barely short of insubordination, that he thought it was cute of his boss to cut off chatter right after calling him a poor baby.
About ten feet later, Stanley slowly sank to the ground and motioned to Joel to do the same. "Thought I saw her looking out the window," he whispered.
Joel cautiously repositioned himself so he could peer through bushes at the herder's hut. "I hate it when you're right, sir," he reported, speaking low. "On the upside, she's not looking at us."
"Big upside, that. Now hush, unless there's something to report."
They waited a couple of minutes, then slithered to lower ground, crawled on their hands and knees until there was better cover, then worked their way carefully to the bridge and across.
"Bless this frozen ground," Joel said, as they worked their way painstakingly up the hill to the birdwatcher's quarters.
"Didn't you just complain about the cold? Frozen ground is cold," Stanley said.
"Yes, it's cold, but can you imagine doing this in snow or mud? Leaving tracks every step of the way?"
"Don't get spoiled. Now hush, will you?"
They circled around to where Adrian Alcorn and his team were supposed to be based, if circumstances allowed for it. Adrian and his crew were in a huddle. It was not a happy huddle.
"Don't tell me," Stanley said. "You got done hours ago, and decided to wait, out of tender concern for us. Next time, get inside a warm, friendly hole. Really."
"I wish," Adrian said.
"Trouble?"
"He hasn't come out since we got here, so we haven't been able to see if he's acting like he suspects something is up. We've been playing with electronics, but we're blocked from his Informer. On the bright side, we haven't intercepted any incoming red alerts, so hopefully Topside is blissfully unaware that there was suspicious activity around here today. On the other hand, they might have decided it wasn't worth sending a message to an area about to be nuked for failing to make Greenley look good. I couldn't tell you. We're down to guesses, based on no data  unless you call tightly closed curtains on a cabin that usually has open curtains data."
"I vote to call it quits for the day," Stanley said.
Since he was senior officer, and since they were already down to barely more than starlight, and since they'd already been in hostile territory longer than anticipated, they didn't put it to a vote. They wove their way down the hill, rounded a haystack, and disappeared into the ground.

<[15]>

Renzo's day had gone so very well, at first.
The bird count turned up exactly the birds expected for the day, based on statistics. Counts rarely did match the averages, which fact distressed the central planners, who found it impossible to properly plan when obviously-not-yet-perfected Nature refused to run like a clock. Renzo knew that sometimes the top men in the Department of Statistics for the Good of Society would adjust field reports, to stabilize the foundational data  and rightly so, if they did it scientifically, he thought  but it was pleasant to give them a report that had no need for adjustment. Besides, it made him steadier in his own mind to have firsthand evidence that the big, messy world was indeed becoming predictable, steady, and less messy.
On top of that, his Lesson went especially well. It was on the glorious future, when men would be perfect, because Society would be perfect, because conditions were perfect. Today, it felt especially inspiring, because he felt it happening.
On top of that, today he felt almost grown up, ready to face the world with only the occasional refresher course, instead of daily lessons. He'd been afraid he'd be nervous about growing up, and being that much on his own. But, no. He was, indeed, nearly ready.
Feeling altogether too inspired to stay inside, and also indulging an urge to see if the cattle herder was somewhere he could see her, he took a walk. He found the first wildflowers of the season; just a handful of small blooms, but, still, they were flowers after a season without any. He noticed then that the air still had the smell of upwind snow, but today there was overlay of fresh plant smells, and an earthy aroma almost like cooked food. He realized that he'd been seeing greening grass here and there for a couple of days, without it fully registering. He got on his hands and knees for a closer look at the ground. There were seedlings of various sorts, very tiny yet, mostly in areas that got the most sun. Also, there were barely noticeable bumps that signaled a seedling pushing up, but not yet breaking through. Applauding himself for his powers of observation, he went hunting for the cattle herder, or, rather, for a look at her. It would never do to initiate actual contact, unless instructed to do so  or, unless, perhaps, another emergency arose. Despite all his careful upbringing, being a young man in the prime of life, cut off from a setting that better allowed for heroics, he had something of a hope that somehow she would need his help again. He dutifully dressed this hope up in the proper costumes; he would, of course, be serving Government and Society and History and Order first of all, by helping her.
She wasn't anywhere to be seen. Cattle were huddled near the haystack, as expected  but he fancied that it wasn't just to remain close to the food. He'd learned, so he thought, to find Julia by taking hints from the herd. The hints were that she was close by. But he didn't see her.
It being a pleasant day, with more bird activity than deep winter had offered, he set up, on the spot, for a Supplemental Study, which was a fancy way of saying that he recorded the time, his location, and the weather, and then his observations of birds. Unlike in a regular count, he could linger on any birds he saw, for as long as he wanted, just as long as he made some notes. Between bird observations, of course it wouldn't hurt anything to unofficially glance down the hill to see if his neighbor was in view.
Soon, it was time for his neighbor's supplies to show up. He shifted to where he could study the area around her hut. She still wasn't anywhere to be seen. He imagined her slipping into the river and drowning, or breaking a leg in a gopher hole, or being hauled off by wolves. Just about the time he was ready to burst into action just for the sake of bursting, the helicopter showed up. He hid where he could watch proceedings without being seen. Not only did the herder not show up  it was unheard of, to not meet your suppliers  but, even more impossible, men attacked the helicopter, killing one pilot, and forcing the other to fly to behind the haystacks. They even taunted the surviving pilot, with their leader sticking his hands in the air in mock surrender, before forcing the pilot to do their bidding. The barbarians!
Renzo started to report it, but hesitated as he waited to see what would happen next. The hesitation proved disastrous, letting doubts creep in. He became afraid to get mixed up in it; afraid, too, that if he reported it, they'd find out that he'd been indulging the temptation to sneak out and spend time watching his neighbor, just to watch her. There was no explaining that away, as far as he knew. He was pretty sure it was a serious offense, too. Why would men and women be kept separate, if there wasn't a good reason for it?
His hidden photographs and note sprang to mind; another good, very good, reason to not bring attention to himself, those were. Besides, perhaps he had it all wrong? Perhaps the assault team had been government agents? That seemed more likely than barbarians being on the loose in this day and age. It would never do to report government agents who were simply doing their duty.
He waited for the helicopter to rise into the air again, but waiting became insufferable. He snuck out of eyeshot, bolted for his cabin, and closed the door a little too strenuously behind him. He erased the records from his aborted Supplemental Study, since they showed that he'd been outside at just the wrong time. He closed the curtains, to give himself a further excuse for not having seen anything going on outside. He collapsed on the bed, flattened with indecision. Should he report what he'd seen? What would he say? How would he say it? It was impossible. Perhaps he'd not seen what he'd thought he'd seen? It was, after all, impossible. If he reported it, how would he explain his failure to report it immediately? His head spun. His stomach churned.
The contraband hidden behind the portrait of Greenley the Third ate away at him with fresh vigor. He wanted to destroy the photos and note now more than ever, but now, more than ever, he didn't dare, for fear that the herder would show up while he was doing it, or that someone would show up to investigate the incident of the helicopter hijacking, and catch him.
After a period of torment, Renzo belatedly remembered what he had been taught since childhood. If something didn't line up with official policy, he was supposed to adjust his memory, trusting that reality was better understood by officials. This wasn't a textbook case of when a person should adjust his memory, but it was close enough to suit Renzo, given his present mood and circumstances. Soon, he had his stories, and thus his thoughts, into better order. The impossible theft of government property hadn't happened, much less in front of his own eyes. The herder, who presumably always was there to receive her supplies, was presumably there today. There was no need to fret about the hidden photographs, because of course it should never have occurred to him to look behind a portrait, much less a sacred one, so he was innocent of that offense.  He was a good Citizen Officer. He was a good Citizen Officer, indeed. Tomorrow, and the day after that, and for however long he lived, he could aim to be the best Citizen Officer who had ever been assigned to this cabin. He fell asleep resolved to achieve that aim.

<[16]>

Warren Ott stayed up long enough to get reports from all his scattered and regathered troops.
There had been difficulties. The cattle herder, knocked out by fumes sent into her hidey hole in the haystack, had overslept and then panicked. Stanley (subbing for Leo, who usually did the fake orders when fake orders were needed in this part of the world) hadn't quite got the topsider lingo down in his text messages to the lady, leaving open a door to unnecessary suspicion down the line, if the lady stopped to think about it. With most topsiders, this wasn't much of a concern, but Julia, bless her wary exile's heart, had shown a tendency to actually think about things. Still, that part of the operations had met the main objectives. The woman had been kept out of commission during the hijacking and dismantling of the copter, and she'd been briefed to say nothing to suggest that anything had been amiss. This made it far more likely that Topside would assume that the copter had suffered electrical malfunction after it had left her location, and had crashed into the river a few miles downstream.
Leo had returned safely, tired but happy, from providing the evidence of both electrical malfunction and a crash. Tossing sabotaged enemy equipment into a watery grave was apparently a dream come true for the man.
Adrian's squad had successfully avoided an encounter with the birdwatcher, but that's all they felt they'd accomplished. Ott, on the other hand, counted himself lucky that they'd all come back alive. Lately, the birdwatcher had been wildly unpredictable and, unlike the cattle herder, he didn't seem to be the sort of person willing to question the supposed wisdom of the state. He was an excellent shot, and if he was as good a puppet as he was thought to be, he'd no more hesitate to shoot an 'unauthorized' human being than a sparrow. It was unknown how much, if anything, he'd seen or suspected. Adrian and crew had been needed to help rescue Harvey and dismantle the helicopter, before they could be sent up the hill to see if there was any trouble from that quarter.
Ott almost indulged a feeling of frustration at being at a moderately smallish outpost in the middle of nowhere. He shook it off. If hot war broke out, there was a good chance that scattered outposts such as this, full of men used to wearing many different hats, were going to make the difference. Besides, it was where he'd been planted. There was no sense grousing about it. He tidied his desk and headed off to bed. Considering how much he and his men had done to upset Topside, he bunked in his on-duty quarters, instead of making the trek three and a half miles uptunnel to Ontario Hollows, the underground community he called home with his wife and four children.

<[17]>

Before heading to bed, Stanley Charbonneau went to visit the new prisoner. Gills was sitting in a corner, pretending not to hear or see anyone in the room. His minders seemed to be torn between anger, pity, and laughing at the man. Stanley asked them to step outside, but to stay close in case hand-to-hand combat broke out. Smiling, perhaps hoping for a fight, they left.
"Look, it's late and I'm tired and you're probably tired, and we've got days and weeks and months, Lord willing, to get everything straight, but let's get some preliminaries done, shall we?" Stanley said, with no open response, but plenty of small clues that Gills was listening, and was alarmed and confused. "My name is Stanley Charbonneau. You'll find most men around here call me Stanley, but to you I'm Captain Charbonneau, at least for now. At present you are our prisoner, but just so you know, we have a policy of adopting prisoners if they'll let us." The prisoner's face flickered. His backbone stiffened. Stanley guessed that the man had decided he was being tested by a government psychiatrist, and was now determined to prove himself just the best little loyalist ever to be found in the ranks of helicopter pilots. This was a fairly common problem with fresh captives. "My info says that your name is Gills, that you were born 34 years ago, during the nature-naming madness, and that you envy men named Fang, Eyeball, Badger, Eel, Avian and Conifer, but feel superior to men named Snout, Owl, and Trout. Am I close?" he asked.
"It is a matter of alphabetical precedence. We were, quite wisely, named according to our natural attributes and overall quality. I am proud of being a G, but, quite correctly, wish I had merited an A, B, C, D, E, or F. I hope that my attempts at self-improvement, devotion to duty, and willingness to learn have made me an exemplary G."
"Quite possibly," Stanley said. "I'll need to read further reports before I can say. I should warn you, though, that in this community, we grade by different standards than the one in which you've been serving. You will be properly instructed on how to achieve high standing, but we'll take the process step by step, over time."
"It is only proper to be orderly," Gills pronounced.
"Speaking of which, it's sleeping time. You'll be watched, as per policy for newcomers, but I expect you to get a solid night's sleep. I'll be back. Good night."
Gills nodded a nod that managed to be both deferential and dismissive, as was only to be expected from an elite helicopter pilot, even in a remote area considered barely worth patrolling. Stanley hinted with a small smile that he was capable of dealing with difficult pilots. He stood with an air of authority and left.
The minders came back in, to find that they were ignored again. Gills laid down on his cot with his back to them, and went to sleep. The minders looked at each other, raising their eyebrows playfully and rolling their eyes. The older man leaned close to the younger one, and spoke low and quietly. "Seriously, though, don't forget this. If you ever get sent up into topside service, up there they expect you to do stupid stuff like sleep with your back to danger. They're nuts, by our lights, but by theirs, it's invaluable to have individuals who've been carefully taught to think that no one will mess with them as long as they're loyal. It's a big, fat lie, but there it is. It's worked in totalitarian states beyond number for as far back as we can find out about  at least until the purges get out of hand, like they almost always do."

<[18]>

Morning found both Renzo and Julia going about their appointed tasks with the same fervor and attention to detail that they'd displayed their first day on the job. There were no deviations from the routines set in place by bureaucrats. That is, there were no deviations until three cows decided to calve at the same time, and one calf wasn't coming out right, and so Julia was up past her elbow trying to rearrange it in the birth canal when the wolves chose to come back.
Up on his hill, Renzo was alerted to the mayhem by stampeding cows. He tried to assume that stampeding cattle weren't his business, but couldn't shake the idea that perhaps the cattle herder would need help. That idea grew into one in which he was serving Society by helping her, which thought pleased him very much. Then he heard Julia scream, and theories were blasted out of his head by the heat of a desire to protect her.
A splinter group of cattle was between him and Julia, milling around on the trail, disagreeing about which way to go. He tried to run through them, and gathered a head butt and a couple of kicks. He finally made it past them. Infuriated that they'd delayed him, he turned back to shoot a cow. He resumed his mad dash down the hill until he caught sight of Julia, on her hands and knees, horribly bloodied, with a wolf dragging her by an ankle. She looked to be nearly out of strength. Other wolves were busy with cattle, mostly trying to get around mother cows to their tender, helpless-except-for-their-mommies, newborn calves. Others were standing still, watching, trying to decide which battle to join, or relentlessly circling, weighing where to jump in, while distracting the prey in the meantime for the benefit of other wolves.
Renzo fought off an urge to shoot at the wolf with Julia in its jaws. At the distance, he couldn't be sure of the shot, especially on a first shot. He felled one of the bystander wolves, on the theory that they were more of a threat than one actively hunting a calf or cow. For his second shot, he hit a wolf in the hindquarters. As he'd hoped, the wolf screamed and writhed and drew attention to itself, throwing confusion into the pack. He ran closer and killed two more wolves. He tried to kill three more, but missed one entirely and barely wounded the other two. Realizing that he'd let his nerves get out of hand, he gritted his teeth, walked closer, braced, and finished off the wounded wolves. The remaining wolves called retreat. One ran off with a calf in its jaws. The one with Julia tried to drag her off. Renzo by now could maneuver for a clean, safe shot. He shot it in the heart. He pulled Julia out of its jaws and away. To satisfy a primitive need for justice he went back to the wolf's corpse and shot it in the head.
Julia was alive, but weak and bewildered. She kept reaching out as if to grasp something. Renzo finally deciphered her muttering as "my bow, my bow." He correctly reasoned that her bow would do her no good since she was too injured to use it. He just as correctly reasoned that there was no need for it at present, since the wolf pack was routed, and also because he was there with his gun. He began to explain that  not that she seemed capable of understanding coherent thought  but some instinct of manly compassion closed his mouth, and sent him to fetch her bow. With it in her hand, she relaxed, nearly to the point of passing out.
Renzo was at a loss. His mind flashed Foundational Values platitudes at him, none of which seemed adequate to an emergency like this, and many of which seemed flat incompatible (which they were). He reached for his Informer to call for instructions, but froze at the thought that Julia would likely be deemed too damaged to still be classified a person, and would therefore be starved to death. A replacement herder would be sent, of course. The replacement would look like the present one, and would sound pretty much the same, and would have received the same training, so would act much the same. The government had achieved great success in its breeding and training programs, so that all operations could carry on smoothly, regardless of unfortunate failures in individual units.
Truly, as a Citizen Officer he shouldn't be feeling any special attachment to a damaged individual unit.
He shouldn't. He shouldn't.
He did, though. This individual unit had been pleasant to watch, and she had come to him for help, and she appreciated having him as a neighbor. She'd said so. Besides, he'd recently been damaged by an animal bite. There was that parallel to himself. He had healed nicely, without any bother to Society. Perhaps she would too. From there his mind leaped to the idea that she surely had superior cattle herding abilities or she never would have been trusted with a solo post (just like he'd been given a solo post for his superior shooting ability). That made her slightly more valuable than other cattle herders, which meant that he really ought to quietly provide her with the conditions to heal properly, so as not to disturb the Plan.
He gently took her bow and set it aside, to get it out of the way. She didn't seem to notice. He started to carry her to her hut. Partway there, he decided he'd be in a better position to care for her in his cabin. Fully convinced that he was doing the best possible job under the circumstances of serving the greater good of society, he headed up the hill toward his cabin.

<[19]>

Harvey heard knocking, groggily checked the time, and felt like an idiot for oversleeping. He roused himself and answered the door.
"Bet you don't know what day it is," Stanley Charbonneau said.
"My first full day back, unless I slept through a whole day or more, which feels possible."
"Didn't happen, old chap. Not to worry on that. May I come in, please?"
Harvey invited him in.
"Are they still trying to force people to live in 100-day units instead of weeks and months and seasons, up there?" Stanley asked.
"Yep. We're on Day 29 of the present loop, if that's of any use to you."
"Not really. It might be useful, though, if you'd start practicing 'Us versus Them' again. As in 'They are on Day 29. They are on Day 29.' It's OK for you to do this, without fear of messing you up if you go back out. I talked to the lieutenant, and he says you're not likely to be sent out undercover again. For one thing, what I understand used to be a bit of local madness in New York is spreading. To wit, weatherpeople and helicopter pilots are being depersoned like crazy in other areas, and we're afraid we're about to be caught up in it."
"I'd heard of that. Certainly my dear Gills has been trying to get it launched here, starting with me. How's he doing, by the way?"
"The usual. He's trying to pretend that people beneath him simply do not exist, and so far he's mostly believing himself. He'll get over it."
"What day is it?"
"Heh. I knew you'd catch up to me without further prompting. It's Sunday. I'm off to church in a little bit. Feel up to going?"
"I have an option?"
"Technically, yes. Realistically, no. I'm supposed to help see to it that you get re-immersed in Subterran life as quickly and smoothly as possible, and I figure banging it into your head that you can openly acknowledge the Lord God Almighty without being shot for it is a useful technique."
Harvey heard that as 'You've been among the crazies so long that we don't dare leave you alone for at least a day or two, maybe even a year or two, and I drew the short straw and have to watch you this morning, and I want to go to church, so please get yourself dressed and toss some food in your mouth if you need to.'
"Give me a minute to dress and grab a bite to eat. If I have time to eat?" he said.
"Depends on how fast you walk. For that matter, if you're a slow eater, we can make up for it by jogging. We're almost three miles off from the church here, if you don't know."
"I wasn't sure. I haven't been anywhere other than Ott's office for quick briefings, before last night. If you'll excuse me, I'll be back in a minute."
Stanley smiled and nodded agreement, but visibly fought a rascally urge to check the time, to see how far off from a literal minute it would take Harvey to dress. Harvey, who'd been living amongst people with no sense of humor, enjoyed the ribbing, but was also slightly unnerved by it. He went to dress, making a point to dress and shave quickly. Even at that, Stanley was already pouring pancake batter into a skillet when he came out.
"If you want something other than pancakes and eggs, you'll have to fix it," Stanley announced.
"Coffee? It's where?"
"Don't make me cry. We're out. The whole colony is out. We're having to make do with tea. Or water, of course. The perks of living next to a largish river include having fresh water year round."
"Water will do. We've  they've  been having a shortage, too. It's not like I'd have caffeine withdrawal without it."
"I did mention we have tea?"
"I'll pass, thanks."
Harvey rummaged in cupboards as Stanley cooked, and found plates and cups and silverware. Also raisins, nuts, and maple syrup. Real maple syrup. He found butter in a small crockery pot. It was real butter. It was nearly too much to take in.
"Welcome to the world of real food, as opposed to laboratory concoctions," Stanley said as he put food on the table and sat down to eat with his charge (Harvey had been right about being watched for a while).
-
When they got to Sentry Square at the south end of the base, Harvey was hard pressed to hide his surprise when a hidden door at the far end of the square was opened for them. After the door was closed behind them, Stanley suggested that Harvey read the sign posted on the wall just before a curious uphill stretch of tunnel. "Welcome to Bad Times Bart Wormhole," the sign read in large letters. Underneath, in smaller letters, it said: "The name, in case you are wondering (of course you are, admit it) is in honor of the Malyur River, originally Malheur River, meaning Bad Hour or Bad Times River. As we understand it, the name was bestowed on the river by Nineteenth Century French trappers, who stashed stuff along the river, only to find it stolen when they came back. The Bart business comes to us from the Twentieth Century, when a Bay Area Rapid Transit system in California got nicknamed BART. The name fell into disuse, but was resurrected during the early Smolder by a history geek from that area, who in a fit of geeky humor intentionally misapplied it to a nearby tunnel that went under water but was so narrow and miserable that 'rapid transit' was impossible. Although originally meant as a joke, it proved to be useful to warn people about areas of a tunnel that were subject to flooding due to sabotage, and so the name not only stuck, but spread to other tunnels in western Northam that go under bodies of water, including this one. Therefore, be forewarned. If there has been an earthquake, or the enemy has dredged the river or otherwise dealt damage, you will need diving gear or extraordinarily good lungs to get to the other side via this route. For alternate routes, go back through the door and take the Butte tunnel to Foothill, turn south, crawl topside at the first (and only) porthole, and sneak like our lives depend on it over the half-derelict bridge to the west. If the bridge doesn't appeal to you, slog across, swim, or  if there's enough water for it  pull out a boat from the Butler Homestead boat garage (map to garage at base of the porthole  so look before you surface), and stash it at the Southport Shed (also shown on the BH porthole map, so do consult it before surfacing, won't you?). For that matter, if you have time, you might check to see that there are boats on both sides of the river. That's what we want. Thanks. Have a nice walk  or swim, as the case might be."
Harvey smiled wanly. He appreciated the information. He tried to appreciate the humor. But the presence of a rambling, wordy, homemade sign that had been allowed to stand in for a strictly-business official sign was jarring to someone used to living topside. Besides, it bothered him that he'd seen several bumps and mounds and ridges along the banks of this small river, but hadn't thought that some of them might be safety features for a tunnel. He'd simply assumed that people traveling between Annextun and points south would have to go above ground and across the river somehow.
"We inherited the wormhole," Stanley said. "Stories differ on who built it. Some folks say men with sporting spirit built it just for fun. Others think it was for smuggling. Others think that Constitutionalists built it back when it first became necessary to stay underground for long periods of time, back in the days when beheadings were popular with the bureaucratic set. I'm rather fond of the theory that it's even older than that, dug out by some forward thinking people who smelled tyranny in the air in the earlier days of cultural rot. Don't know. Do know the tunnel was here but hidden and sealed off when we got here. It's made life a lot easier since we found it. We'd mostly been using a crawl space on the underside of the bridge."
"The sign doesn't mention that."
"We gotta keep a few secrets from people who might storm the tunnels, or infiltrate us," Stanley said.
They climbed the safety ridge that put the tunnel above river level, descended to the under river section, and walked across. Stanley restrained himself, only making one joke about the possibility of a 'crack of doom' resulting in death by drowning. Harvey likewise restrained himself, and didn't make a retort, although he wanted to.
-
Because they walked at a usual speed for grown men in military trim, in a portion of tunnel being used only by grown men in military trim, they didn't overtake anyone, and were only passed by two younger men who'd opted to use the trip to church as an excuse to get a run in. They didn't know Harvey and, thanks to his standard uniform, assumed he was just a new arrival of the usual sort. Pleasantries were exchanged and they jogged on ahead.
"It's the little things that'll get you," Stanley said.
Harvey hardened his face, upset that his companion had noticed that he'd been jolted to have the other men treat him cordially, and as a real human being.
Stanley let it go. He'd seen dozens of undercover agents undergo the transition back to normal life. Some of them appreciated being told that it was the little things that could floor you, and some of them didn't. Harvey, he figured, hadn't settled into one camp or the other yet. No sense pushing it. Besides, for better or worse, men who had lost loved ones generally did better at this. Experiencing profound grief could teach a man hard, but valuable, lessons.
-
The church struck Harvey with its sense of airiness, a neat architectural trick for a cavern with a not especially high ceiling.
The defense forces in uniform comprised perhaps a fifth of the congregation. Harvey was surprised. He'd thought the civilian population in this area would be just the wives and children of the few married men serving in the troops. He shuddered to think how recklessly he'd sometimes acted topside, while assuming that underground troops vastly outnumbered the people on hand to be protected.
He scanned for people he knew, and registered only a handful: a few men from the base, plus a few childhood friends who'd also landed here. Among childhood friends, he could count Warren Ott's wife, who was smiling at him from across the room while simultaneously rescuing a toddler from himself. Harvey tried to smile back, but felt a bit overwhelmed, so it was a weaker smile than he meant for it to be.
A woman near Mrs. Ott detached herself from a small group of unhappy children and walked toward him. She was halfway to him before he recognized her as Warren's sister.
"Oh, Harvey, it's been forever. I heard you might be coming underground again for a while, but I didn't know you'd be free enough to come to services. Welcome," she said, when she got up to him.
"Hello, Remna. It is Remna, isn't it?" he said.
She laughed. "It is indeed. Don't feel bad about not being sure. I put on thirty pounds those last years Avery was ill, and I've finally taken them off again. And I let my hair grow. And I gave up on wearing white shirts. It's impossible out here. The water's too likely to stain them red. It's rust bacteria, I'm told. Or do I mean iron algae? At any rate, we're plagued with it, some times of year. Out of wells, I mean. Out of the river's not a problem, as I understand it, but I'm not always at a place that gets its water out of a river."
"Thank you for the lettuce," Harvey said. "I haven't eaten any yet, but it looks good."
She laughed again. "I should probably apologize. I offered the plant to Warren to give to you, and he got one of those 'anything not totally insane to please a lady but this sure is close' looks on his face. It's not the sort of thing to give a man, I guess. I tried to take it back, really I did, but Warren was in gallant mode, and I figured you'd laugh it off in any case if you thought it was a silly gift."
"It struck me as practical," Harvey said.
"Oh, good. Now, if you'll excuse me, I need to get back to the kids. Probably you haven't heard, but we had a murder-suicide recently. Jack Tolman got his hands on some explosives and tried to blow his whole family to kingdom come. He didn't get but his wife and one child, plus himself. Those are the survivors, minus one, who got smuggled out to a place with better medical facilities for that sort of thing. We're going to get the other kids out as soon as feasible, off to grandparents or aunts and uncles, but I guess it's more unsettled than usual topside just now, so we're in laying low mode. I'd invite you to join us, but probably you'll not want extra bother in your life until you're better settled in."
"In other words, the kids aren't up to dealing with people they don't remember or don't know. That's understandable."
"No, actually I meant what I said. I could use some help, especially with the boys, but I thought you might like to be alone."
Harvey got the feeling that she'd come over hoping he'd help her, like in the old days, when the two of them had fought fires together, back before she'd married Avery, back before he'd swapped firefighting for being a pilot, and before he'd met Maggie. A lifetime ago, that was. He let his eyes drift to the kids. They weren't a lifetime ago, and they were going through something like he'd been through, only worse. He'd suffered the dislocating pain of still being standing after murder had been committed, but not the betrayal of his own father. He had no idea what to say to a kid in a situation like that.
"I'll help, if Harvey here doesn't," Stanley said.
"No, that's all right. I've got it," Harvey said.
Remna led him across, and introduced him to the kids. "This is Mr. Davis," she said, which triggered bugged eyes. She laughed. "Not the pastor Mr. Davis. This is his brother, Harvey Davis. But Mr. Davis to you."
Harvey hadn't been introduced by his normal, non-topsider name in forever. He also didn't know that one of his brothers had become a minister, much less that he was serving here. He felt rather horribly out of the loop, but was determined not to show it.
"I believe we met before," the eldest boy said. "I'm Eric."
"It's been a long time, but I remember a go-cart race worth remembering," Harvey said, shaking the boy's offered hand.
Eric clearly didn't know whether to be pleased that his incredibly good go-cart exploits were remembered, or embarrassed that he was being remembered for something he was trying to file away as little boy stuff.
Another Tolman boy, a few years younger, moved closer to stare harder at Harvey. "Are you sure you're not Mr. Davis the pastor? With something funny on your face to fool us?"
Harvey shot Remna a look, for a clue on how to handle this.
"I'm sure," Remna said. "And you'll see in a minute or two when Pastor comes in. As for that on his forehead, that's a pilot's brand. Mr. Davis has been behind enemy lines as a spy, and so he had to let himself be branded like pilots up there are branded. It's a shame those people are so evil, but people who try to get by without God generally do come up with crazy schemes for trying to keep everything in order. It's hopeless, but they don't know that."
"Nobody's introduced me, but I'm Brian," Harvey's skeptic said.
"Pleased to meet you," Harvey said.
"And this is Colleen, and that's Jef," Brian said.
"I'm pleased to meet you, too," Harvey said.
Colleen gave him a hug, leaving tear stains on his pants. Jef, about two years old, followed suit. He looked to be on the edge of a screaming and crying fit. Eric and Brian looked like they could die of mortification. Harvey smiled gently at them. "I've heard a little bit about what happened. I'm sorry. My wife and two kids were murdered, and I know it's tough."
"Becky's face was blown off," Brian reported. "Have you ever seen that?"
"Ah, there's Anthony," Remna said. "Time to sit down and listen."
Harvey was glad she'd given him a hint which of his brothers was pastor, because at the distance he wasn't sure he'd have been able to tell, especially not after such a long time away, especially since Tony and Bruce shared so many mannerisms.
Colleen leaned against Remna. Jef crawled into Harvey's lap. Brian sat in the middle. Eric, not sure which sibling needed watching the worst, seesawed until Remna pointed him next to Harvey, on the outside of the group.
"We're going to start with Hymn 27," the pastor said, from the pulpit.
In the back of the church, Stanley Charbonneau smiled when he got to the proper page in the hymnal. It was a hymn most famously used in times of plague; a good, rousing reminder of God's spiritual strongholds available to the believer in times of unspeakable worldly trouble. He figured it was for the benefit of the Tolman children, and he approved. He was usually a lusty singer, but this morning he felt he should put even more beef into it, to bolster the orphans among them. He apparently wasn't the only one in the room to have reached the same conclusion, because it was the heartiest opening hymn in many a month.
-
Harvey, out of practice regarding corporate worship, distracted by the confused and sorrowful toddler in his lap and by the toddler's siblings on either side of him, and further unfocused by the novel experience of watching his formerly-the-prodigal-son brother delivering a sermon, didn't get much of the message. He did better during the singing, since he was participating, but he wasn't doing well there, either. When it came time for communion, he used Jef as an excuse to not get up and go forward; the boy had fallen asleep, after all, and it would be a shame to wake him.
At the end of services, he wasn't sure whether to offer to stay with the kids a while, head up to greet his brother, or what. Stanley solved the dilemma by scooting up and telling Remna, "Sorry about this, but he has work to do. I need him back now. Probably he'll have time to chat some other day" and steering him away. After they'd maneuvered out of earshot, he said, "Probably, we have enough leeway if you really need to visit with someone, but"
"No, that's fine. Another day will do," Harvey said, dutifully.
"Will it, now?" a voice nearly the duplicate of his said.
Harvey turned to look into a face uncannily like his own, except for lacking a brand. No wonder the children had been suspicious. "When did you lose your baby fat?" he asked, by way of hello.
"While you were gone, obviously. Welcome home, Harvey. Are you staying a while?"
Harvey looked to Stanley to answer that.
"The honest answer is we don't know," Stanley said. "And cut him some slack, will you? He got yanked in yesterday, without expecting to be yanked in. Half his head is probably still topside, just from inertia."
"That's a fine way to talk to your pastor," Harvey said.
"He can take it," Stanley said. "Besides, he told me once that he likes honesty over politeness."
"I believe what I said was that I don't like dishonesty parading as politeness," Anthony said. "If I didn't, that's what I meant."
"Clue me in," Harvey said. "People are referring to you as Anthony. Do you want me to call you that, or Tony? Or is this going to be one of those 'gotta learn nuances of protocol' situations?"
"Anthony if you can remember it. No sweat if you don't. Can you come to my office for a few minutes?"
Harvey looked to Stanley.
"Define a few minutes," Stanley said to Anthony. "If it's under a couple of hours, I think I can square it with the lieutenant."
"It won't be that long. I've got parish rounds to make. We had a couple have a miscarriage yesterday, Mr. Ritter probably won't live out the week, the Tolman kids need a visit, and that's just the start of things. But I'd like to talk to Harvey before he leaves."
Stanley started to ask if he wanted to talk to him as a long lost sibling, a brother in Christ, or as a pastor overseeing his flock, but decided it probably wasn't his business for one thing, and for another he was holding up the show right after being clued in on needs of the congregation. "I'll be at Ott's house, checking for news to take back to the boss, unless you want me elsewhere," he said.
"I'll see he gets there," Anthony said.
The other men saw Harvey stiffen just a wee bit, and guessed (correctly) that he wasn't enjoying being treated more or less like a prisoner. On the other hand, there really wasn't much they could do about it; all people coming back from secret service had at least a short probation.
Stanley went off to visit the Otts, and the brothers headed through the church to a small office that showed hints of a woman trying to help make it nicer.
"So, I didn't know you were a minister. Anything else I should know?" Harvey said.
"I'm not married, nor have I gone feminine in my tastes in dcor. I just don't have the altar society ladies in hand yet. That explains the interior decorating, if that's what you were wondering. Sit down and stop getting sidetracked."
"You aren't going to let them take over the church, are you? I'd hate to think I've been risking my neck for a society that's making doormats of its men."
"It isn't happening. I promise. Now, do you want to tell me why you skipped communion, or do you know yourself?"
"A little kid whose daddy killed his mommy and blew his sister's face off was having a nice nap finally. Should I have disturbed him?"
"I'll give you that much, with my thanks, and not just for Jef. Eric and Brian also benefitted by you taking them under your wing for a while. Especially Brian, it looked like. If I thought that was all, I wouldn't have chased you down. But you looked all too relieved to hide behind the little kid. What's up?"
Harvey started to whip out a smart answer, but caught himself. His brother, or perhaps his brother's too-helpful decorating committee, had placed a crucifix on more than one wall, so that it was nearly impossible for a visitor to find a place to put his eyes without having Christ's torn body reminding him of the seriousness of following this particular Lord. Harvey tried lowering his eyes, but the floor had crosses woven into the rugs; not as a deliberate pattern, but as a coincidence of the geographic design. A neat trick that was; you weren't committing sacrilege by walking on the rugs, but they could niggle your conscience, if you had one.
"You can book a passage to Tarshish, Jonah, but that won't work, either. That's been proven," Anthony said.
"Bad analogy. He was a prophet. I'm not," Harvey said, bringing his eyes back up. "Besides, he didn't want to help people. I do."
"You got my point, though?"
"Look, it's been years since I've been in a worship service or had communion. I have a lot to work through."
"Not least of which is?" Anthony prompted.
"Oh, I don't know. Devoutly hoping, just yesterday, that I could find some way to justify killing my co-pilot, maybe?"
"Before or after the fact?"
"What?"
"Did you actually kill him?"
"No. He's a prisoner over at the base. He's healthy, too."
"I'm glad to hear it. I'm going to remind you, in case you've forgotten, that if you examine your conscience and find garbage in there, it's all right to take communion after that, if you recognize it as garbage and turn away from it. I can give you private communion if you want."
Harvey hesitated. He wanted communion. Wanted it badly, but, "Better not. I've made it to the 'calling it garbage, but wanting to hang onto it' stage. Not further."
"That is a problem. Do you want to try confessing to me?"
"Wish I could say yes, but no."
"I'm around, when you're ready. In case you've forgotten, trying to do this on your own is a bad idea. Prayer, man. Prayer. Get the Holy Spirit on it."
"I know. I remember. For that matter, I thought I was doing pretty good in private topside."
"But you weren't?"
"Apparently not. Don't you have rounds to make?"
Anthony walked his brother to the Ott home. Stanley steered his charge back to base. Ott was too busy to see them, and Gills was sleeping like a baby, so Stanley took Harvey back to his suite and left him there. Having been subjected to shepherding in the meantime, Harvey looked around and thought he saw clues that there were hidden cameras and microphones. It would be only right, considering how many Subterran agents had been known to switch sides while serving up top, not because they found the topside society better, but because they fell into a need to work for the benefit of the society that held their life in its hands. People could be funny that way. Usually such folks recovered after they got back among nonserfs and out of sight again, but sometimes they didn't. People could be funny that way, too.

<[20]>

After deciding to rescue the cattle herder for the good of Society, Renzo immediately ran into worrisome complications.
First off, the woman was hurt more seriously than he'd first realized. In addition to leg injuries, she'd been bitten on the abdomen, arms, neck and head. This robbed him of any good excuse for not having reported her immediately to the people who determined who qualified for personhood. He decided to handle this problem by hoping she'd get well enough soon enough to put him into the right before anyone found out about the whole mess.
Second, there was no way to clean her wounds, or check for more wounds, without seeing her body, and handling her body. For unknown reasons (at least to a man who'd been raised in deliberate ignorance), this kept triggering physical reactions and waves of emotion.
Luckily for Julia, Renzo would have rather died than admit to a superior that he couldn't control himself around a woman. So he clenched his jaw, and did his best to corral his reactions, and to get her covered up again as quickly as possible.
Unluckily for Renzo, he couldn't erase the images from his mind, or the emotions from his memory, no matter how hard he tried. Worse yet (from the perspective of a man who had freshly resolved to be the best Citizen Officer ever assigned to that post), he wasn't feeling like trying very hard.
He turned some of his attention to other bothersome matters. He had only five days until his suppliers showed up, but he was certain he could hide her from his suppliers. But then there were his superiors, who communicated with him at the drop of a hat, who needed to be kept in the dark until Julia got better, or until he could come up with a good plan. His poorly educated mind made a few loops of faulty logic, and came up with the idea of turning off the power so the Informers would die again. This, he figured, would at least buy him some time. He went to the control box and flipped the switches. For good measure, after checking to make sure that Julia was sleeping moderately well and breathing more or less evenly, he jogged to her hut and turned off the power there.
He thought of appropriating some of her supplies so her supplies were diminished just as expected, while his weren't diminished more than usual. But already his mind was working on the idea that perhaps the best course of action would be to answer inquiries about her (if any) with the truthful (as far as it went) statement that they'd been having trouble with wolves, as they could see for themselves from the evidence  and then hoping that the officials would assume that Julia had been carted off and presumably devoured by said wolves. That course of action pleased him more and more as he thought about it. If she got well, she could show up again, and reclaim her post as one who had emerged victorious over exceptional hardships. If she didn't get well enough by government standards, he could keep her hidden somewhere  perhaps that cave he'd found by accident a few months ago would do  and the government could replace her with another herder, and he could have this herder all to himself.
That thought nestled into his mind, and made itself cozy. He tried to dislodge it by protesting that he wanted his neighbor to get perfectly well for the good of Society, since she was such a good cattle herder. But his pesky imagination reminded him that nearly all Era government officials had human pets, and surely, surely, given his favored status as a Citizen Officer in a solo post, surely he deserved one, too; but since he wasn't highly enough ranked for a healthy pet, it would be only right for him to settle for a scarred, second rate one, should one just happen to become available.
Besides, if he kept her hidden, all to himself, no one would ever know that he'd decided to take care of her without authorization.
Soon, he had a whole list of reasons falling over each other, justifying the idea of keeping Julia out of sight, all to himself.

<[21]>

It is a curious aspect of human societies that the harder those in power try to make life predictable and safe, the less people can trust one another. While Renzo hadn't come to this realization yet, Julia had, at least in a primitive way. She didn't trust Renzo, nor did she feel particularly compelled, particularly at the moment, of being trustworthy herself. If going along with the birdwatcher's cracked schemes was what it took to survive, she'd go along as far as she dared. His idea of hiding her while she was disabled was probably her only chance, whether he knew it or not. She wasn't elite enough to warrant extensive medical care, nor was it likely that those in charge of the department would see any reason to help her with even moderate care just now, given how many Collies were available, with nothing to do until an opening was made available through the death of someone in the field. On top of that, since the government counted population control as one of the highest and best aims of man, it didn't much hesitate to hasten the death of anyone who wasn't presently useful. To hope for help from anyone except Renzo was therefore pointless.
Julia couldn't decide if Renzo was trying to help her  as he'd said, quite earnestly and apparently forthrightly  or if he was a government agent, trying to trap her in disloyalty. To be on the safe side, she decided to protest anything that struck her as unorthodox enough to bother about  but feebly, hoping to not put unfortunate doubts into his head should he really be haplessly trying to help her.
Sometime during the first night, she more or less resigned herself to her fate, whatever it was. This let her get some sleep. When she woke up, the resignation evaporated. It didn't help that she had trouble moving her neck, and so had trouble looking around the room to find her rescuer/captor. Finally she saw him, sleeping in a corner of the room, on the floor, with his back to her. She might have been encouraged if she'd known that he'd retreated to the corner and turned away from her as a way of doing battle with a temptation to crawl into bed with her. But all she saw was a man who had his back to her, and was sleeping on the floor instead of somewhere more reasonable.
Renzo woke soon afterward, and fixed them both breakfast. He went out to do his bird count when it was time to do his bird count, whereupon he realized one of the shortcomings of his idea of killing the Informers. If he sent in his tally as if everything was normal, he didn't know how to square that with knowingly having no power, but not reporting it. His mind went around a few circles a few times, and finally saw no way out but to turn in the report, turn the power back on, and immediately get on with publicly pretending that Julia had probably been carted off by wolves. Her supervisors could muddle through however they wanted. Besides, that would mean they'd send another herder right away, and the cattle  valuable government assets  would get the supervision they should get. His supervisors had never asked him about the herder or her business, nor should they. If they did, he could claim a proper ignorance of her whereabouts or wellbeing. A few more mental loops later, he dove into the new plan with enthusiasm. He turned in his bird tally, jogged over to turn on the power at the herder's hut, ran up the hill to his cabin and got the power back on there, swept Julia into his arms, and headed for the cave he had in mind for her.
Julia was alarmed almost out of her mind until it dawned on her that no one in politically correct mode would behave like this. This relieved her of her fear of him being a government agent out to trap her in disloyalty. However, she had understandable and growing doubts about Renzo's ability to handle the situation without getting them both killed for not behaving like good little puppets. For now, though, there was nothing for it but to be carried away, literally, if unwillingly.
Renzo's cave turned out to be the ruins of a dugout cabin used by antiserfs in the early days of totalitarianism. He got Julia settled as well as he could figure out how to, given the lack of resources, then he went back up the hill to begin the difficult and sometimes tedious task of leading a double life.
Toward nightfall, he snuck food down to her out of his own meager rations. Finding her asleep, he set the food on the floor near her and pondered what to do next. It struck him that she probably still had an Informer with her and that this posed a risk, since she was beyond his control and might, accidentally or otherwise, turn in some sort of report that might contradict something he might say or write. He snuck the Informer out of her pocket. Not wanting to have it in his possession  how on Earth would he explain that?  he made his way down to the Snake River and tossed it in. It seeming safer to be where he was expected to be, he reluctantly went home to his cabin, leaving Julia wounded and alone for the night.

<[22]>

Harvey had slept his first night underground in the deep sleep denied a man topside if he had sense enough to distrust his comrades in the bunkhouse. The following nights were less restful. His mind, kept on a tight rein for survival's sake topside, theoretically could have just switched back to a normal, freeman mode. But it wasn't doing that. It was seesawing between trying to be as hardheaded and self-centered as he had been for several years, and a more unguarded, more fully human, mode, which (at least at this stage of development) seemed to favor unleashing twenty incomplete thoughts at once, and having them ricochet into one another, breaking them all into even less usable bits. Nor would it turn off when it should.
He wasn't sure if Stanley Charbonneau was helping or hindering. He was stopping by now and then to check how things were going. He wasn't being pushy  Harvey might have wanted to deck him had he been pushy  nor was he being relentless. In fact he was, as far as it went, being reassuring in that offhand way of his. When Stanley said that what a fellow was going through was perfectly normal and only to be expected, there was reason to believe him. Still, it was annoying, being checked up on, and being handed unsolicited advice.
Harvey finally got to be grilled thoroughly by Lt. Ott. Being treated as a man whose observations and opinions mattered, and having a chance to clear up some misapprehensions, gave Harvey a sense of his boat at least having an anchor, so to speak.
After that, he requested permission to go see the Tolman kids, if they were up to it. He was told that an unexpectedly good opening for getting them out had come up, and they, along with several other civilians who wanted to leave, had been evacuated. He didn't ask if Remna was among them. He assumed that she'd go wherever the Tolman kids went, for a while at least. Stanley, after letting him stew in his assumption for a few days, volunteered that she had, indeed, stayed attached to the kids and was no longer within commuting distance. Harvey's boat felt anchorless again, although he'd have died before he told anyone that.
He got an idea that he'd go visit his brother, if he could get permission to do so.
He realized that Anthony would probably ask him if he'd seen Gills yet, or repented of wanting to kill him. Stanley had taken control of the situation without any help, so, not being needed, he hadn't bothered to go visit. Nor had he really repented of wanting to kill the man. He'd succeeded at halfway efforts, but always got derailed with a litany of excuses on why, actually, he should have gone ahead and killed the fellow, rather than exposing Subterra to his dangerous, resource-consuming presence.
He realized that he was thinking more like a pagan than a Christian, plus he didn't like feeling like a coward for avoiding the whole mess, so he took himself down to the holding cell and asked if he could see his former co-pilot. Stanley, or perhaps Ott, had apparently foreseen that he might do this, because the minders were all too happy to let him in. Gills was wide awake and in one of his belligerent moods. His moods had been tolerated topside because if you want to have pilots who will round up stray people who haven't yet formed a proper appreciation for an all-wise government, or shoot the ones who have been deemed too disloyal or inferior to redeem, you have to put up with some belligerent moods now and then. (Government scientists were sure they could breed this nasty 'primitive evolutionary trait' out of people eventually, but they certainly weren't there yet, and so accommodations were made, within limits.)
When Gills glared at him, Harvey had the odd sensation of looking in a mirror. Certainly, the man looked like his twin physically  all the helicopter pilots looked the same, right down to their cherished face brands  but that wasn't what he was seeing reflected. If it was, he'd have had a similar reaction to sitting across a desk from Anthony, who lacked the brand and wasn't quite as athletic, but otherwise fit the bill. No, uh uh, this was different. This was seeing a damaged and twisted soul, trying to bluff its way through a light-deficient life. It was unsettling to behold.
Harvey was too much of a warrior to turn and run, so he said, "Just checking to see how you're doing." He could see Gills' mind race, pivot, weigh responses. Probably the man thought he was being tested for loyalty. "I'd clear things up, but I'm not authorized to clear things up yet," Harvey said, for lack of anything better to say. That seemed to help, if for no other reason than Gills probably needed badly for someone to mention the existence of authority.
Not sure what else to do, Harvey took leave of the minders and headed to Ott's office. He stuck his head in the door and said, "Any reason I can't head over to visit Anthony?"
"None that I can think of."
"I don't need to go."
"We're on orange alert. Not red. Go ahead."
"Do I need to grab Stanley or somebody?"
"Not unless you're feeling mutinous."
"No signs of it yet," Harvey quipped.
Ott gave him a searching look, perhaps wondering if he should put him back on strict probation, but waved him out.
Once in Sentry Square, Harvey did some stretches and other warm up exercises. "Haven't been getting my runs in," he volunteered to a nearby soldier, by way of explanation.
"You headed to town?" the soldier asked.
"Yep," Harvey said, not seeing any reason to volunteer that he meant to stop a half mile short, to duck into the church to see if the pastor was in his office.
"Let's see what you have in you, old man," the soldier said. He started doing warm ups of his own. "I'll even give you a head start, if you like," he said.
Nearby soldiers chuckled. One started taking bets on the outcome. Harvey started to protest that he'd meant to get in a gentle training run  hadn't he just informed them that he was out of training?  but he didn't like the reactions he was getting from the assembled men. He sized up his challenger. He was young, probably twenty-ish. He had the marks of a mongrel, which all too often meant a stronger constitution than highly bred humans such as himself. He also looked like he did athletics even in his sleep. On the other hand, the man was built more like a sprinter than a long distance runner. In any case, Harvey was in no mood to walk away from such a challenge. Besides, he'd only missed a couple days of regular training, and some of that he'd made up for in calisthenics.
"You're on," he said with a grin. "But probably I should give you the head start."
The young man laughed, but there was a look in his eye that showed that he was wondering if Harvey knew something he didn't.
"No head starts for either of you. It would mess up the wagers," the man taking the bets said.
"Enough dawdling now," another man said as he opened the hidden door to the wormhole route. "The finish line is the sentry box at Ontario Hollows. Ready. Set. Go!"
The racers set off at a sane speed for men headed on a long-ish course on an uneven track. They picked up speed toward the end. Rounding the last corner before the city limits, Harvey pushed for all the speed he had left in him. His challenger yelled that he wasn't going to let him get away with it, and doubled down on his own speed.
Harvey heard a rifle crack, and buckled.

<[23]>

Anthony Davis leaned back in his chair, put his head against the wall, closed his eyes, and rested. A few minutes later, he thought he felt someone looking at him. He opened his eyes to find Lt. Ott looking down at him.
"There's a bed down the hall with your name on it," Ott said, by way of hello.
"I'm all right for a bit longer. Have you seen Harvey yet?"
"Nope. Just got here. What happened?"
"Harvey and Pascal were having a race from Sentry Square to town. Near the end, Harvey pulled off one of his famous super-duper last-leg kicks, which threatened to leave Pascal humiliated at the finish line. So Pascal tossed out a loud 'oh no you don't!' of some sort, and doubled down on his own speed. A sentry misread the situation, thought Harvey was an enemy combatant about to storm his community, and shot him in the abdomen. The bullet went through, and nicked the spinal cord. Pascal objected loudly, and Barry  that's the sentry in question  reassessed the situation, but unfortunately was just as wrong the second time as the first. He mentally moved Pascal from 'hero trying to catch villain' to 'fellow enemy combatant', and tried to shoot him. Two men who had a better grasp of the situation tackled him as he got his shot off, and it went wild. So now we have one man in critical condition, and several guys who are suffering from seesawing doses of guilt, shame, anger, and discord with fellow soldiers. It's a mess."
"Sounds like. But Harvey's still among us?"
"At last report, yes. It'll be iffy for a while, though."
"Would it be better if we could get him over to the doctors at Nampatun?"
"He's not up to being carted that far, even assuming we could make it over the bridge without being caught in the crosshairs of that birdwatcher up there."
Ott snorted. The topside government was idiotic more often than not, but basing an excellent marksman on a hill above the only remaining bridge over the Snake River for fifty miles in one direction and a hundred miles in the other, and keeping him in practice by having him shoot birds on a regular basis, wasn't something he could classify as entirely stupid.
"If I put a rush on getting the helicopter put back together, is he up to that sort of trip?" he asked.
"I don't know. Ask the nurse. Besides, who would you get to fly it? Harvey's your only pilot right now, isn't he?"
"There's Gills. We might be able to force some cooperation."
"Harvey's former co-pilot? There isn't much love lost between them, as I understand it," Anthony said.
"Nor is he altogether too fond of us yet," Ott admitted. "Which is why we'd have to do some convincing."
"Are helicopter pilots topside still being told that suicide is honorable, if you've let the government down?"
"I take your point. Is there anything else I should know before I head out to meet with Pascal and the others?"
Anthony ran his hand through his hair, leaned back against the wall again, and pondered. "No, I don't think so. Like I said, it's a mess and men are angry with themselves as well as each other. But you're used to that, right?" He smiled.
Ott gave him a grim smile back. It had taken him years to realize that the only man at a base who dealt with more fuss than the local lieutenant was the chaplain.
"Speaking of Gills, I haven't gone to visit him yet. Any reason I can't do it now?" Anthony asked.
"No bunks en route?" Ott said.
"I'll probably have somebody lend me a corner of a room to take a nap in over there, but I think I should pop over," Anthony said. "Besides, I could use a walk right now, to clear my head."
"Use Harvey's billet. It's open," Ott said, and just as soon wished he hadn't. "Sorry. Not the best thing to say, that wasn't."
Anthony patted him on the shoulder, and left. He took his time walking over. It was restful mentally, at least, and he needed a rest after dealing with Pascal and the other men, who were blaming Barry, and after dealing with Barry, who was self-righteously blaming the whole world for putting him into a situation which could be misread.
When he got to Sentry Square, men who'd placed bets on the race were hanging around, waiting on updates. Most of them knew Anthony, and knew he wasn't a sugarcoating sort of pastor, so they glommed onto him, begging for information.
"We heard the new guy with the pilot brand got shot. That true?" one of them asked.
"Yes."
"Dead?"
"No. But critical. Bullet went through the gut, and hit the spinal cord."
"We heard the guy at that end mistook the race for an invasion. That true?"
"Yes."
"Stupid idiot."
"You weren't there. I wasn't there. My understanding is that both racers were roaring forward at high speed, and Pascal yelled at Harvey something to the effect that he was going to get him. I'm not excusing it entirely. The sentry was wrong. But raise your hand if you've never misread a situation, especially one where grown men are running and yelling, especially right at you."
No hands went up.
"The sentry tried to shoot Pascal, too, we heard. That true?"
"Yes. But other men got him tackled in time. Pascal wasn't hit."
"Who was the sentry? We heard it was Barry Kwaso. That true?"
"Yes."
"He's under arrest?"
"He's being detained, while the matter is investigated. That's standard procedure. He won't be arrested unless it looks like what he did was criminal, which looks unlikely at this point."
"Is there somewhere to sign up to help evacuate the pilot, if he needs to be hauled to Nampatun or something?"
"Not that I know of. I'll mention it to Lt. Ott if you like. And thanks. I'd thank you in any case for volunteering, but in this case the pilot is my brother. As in 'not just from the same breed background, but really my older sibling who I grew up with' brother."
"Oh, wow. No one told us that."
"I figured. It's all right. I'm here to see Gills. I forgot to ask where he's being held. Can someone point me in the right direction?"
The men didn't think pointing was good enough. Every one of them not duty bound to stay at the checkpoint walked with Anthony toward the detention area, to show their solidarity with a man whose brother had been shot. En route, they passed the mess hall.
"Oh, wait," Anthony said. "I haven't eaten in a while. I'd better do that first."
None of the servicemen felt like sitting around talking, but they didn't feel like abandoning the chaplain either. Anthony, who would have been just as happy to have been left alone, was soon seated at a table, food in front of him, surrounded by men who had no idea what to say, but were not going to call retreat on that account. He accepted it for what it was worth  which was a lot, really  and ate in silence, projecting a willingness to talk if anyone wanted, but an appreciation of not being fussed in the meantime.
The food, the sitting still, the security, combined with fatigue and the aftereffects of donating as much blood as the nurse would take from him, made it hard to stay awake.
"C'mon, pastor, we're going to get you to a cot or something," someone said, as men gathered around.
"No thanks. I'm all right," Anthony protested, feebly.
"No, you're not. Trust me," the senior man of the gaggle said. "Pick him up, lads."
They picked him up, as gently and tenderly as they'd pick up a wounded buddy on a battlefield if they weren't under fire. He was asleep before they got him to a bed.
They weren't sure he was ready to roll a half hour later when he woke up, but he assured them he'd sleep again soon. Since none of them felt up to arguing with a chaplain they reluctantly escorted him, en masse, to the holding cell.
The minders were surprised to see a chaplain arriving with an escort, but they pretended it was business as usual. Anthony had mixed feelings about that. It was nice to have doors open to you without question, but worrisome to know how easily a subversive could get where he shouldn't, apparently even with a contingent of confederates, if only he got assigned to a chaplain's post. He thanked his escort and sent them on their way. The door was unlocked, and he was sent through.
Gills flashed a look of recognition, quickly replaced with a look that showed he realized he'd been mistaken. Still, there was half-veiled hope in his eyes. Anthony guessed that the man was waiting for someone to show up and tell him he'd passed the psychological tests, and could go back to flying.
 "Hi, my name's Anthony Davis. I'm the chaplain around here. Do you know what that means?"
Gills broke into a sweat.
"My job is to steer people to God, and help keep them on track. We take God pretty seriously around here," Anthony continued.
Gills put his hands over his ears, shut his eyes, and hummed.
Anthony smiled. At least the man had been told about God. He'd been told to refuse to listen to anyone who tried to bring up the subject, obviously, but that only made it easier to explain that God was worth fearing.
He would have appreciated a more manly way of avoiding the discussion. Ah, well, if he had a coward to work with, he had a coward to work with. He was still worth saving.

<[24]>

Julia gradually started to trust Renzo, who faithfully brought her small portions of food two or three times a day, and who treated her well, if sometimes ineptly. But her wounds got badly infected, and after that she felt herself to be in a losing battle. She didn't trust Renzo far enough to tell him that, for fear he'd finish her off, or turn her over to others who would do the same. Instead, she held on the best she could, and dragged herself to the front of the dugout now and then for welcome doses of fresh air and sunshine.
She wondered what it would be like to die. Some of her instructors had told her it was a matter of becoming oblivious, like going to sleep and never waking up. Others had said it was a matter of your spirit finally being free of your body and joining with other spirits in the vast expanse of the universe, where you'd all become one, and happily exist forever. She hadn't realized how incompatible those visions were until a bureaucrat who'd heard that both 'realities' were being taught at her breed school had tried to remedy the confusion by ordering that all Collies were to be taught that when they died they could choose which option applied to them. Even at the time, it had struck her as highly improbable that a dead person could choose anything. Now, as her earthly life slipped away from her, she was sure it was worse than highly improbable. It was insane. Death was like gravity. It pulled you down whether you wanted it to or not. It was real, real, real, and no amount of wishful thinking would change that.
She became convinced that both views were wrong. She was increasingly convinced that she would remain herself, forever, unassimilated but also aware, aware, very aware, instead of oblivious.
She became convinced that she would answer for what she had done in life, and equally convinced that the government had not let her learn the standards by which she'd be judged. Death began to frighten her in ways it hadn't, back when she was doing what she'd been taught to do, which was to think of death as little as possible, and to think of it, when you did, as a worthy and valuable aspect of government. Death prevented suffering. It cured suffering. When imposed by government, it increased fairness, by making sure that no one used more resources than she deserved. It was good, when meted out by wise leaders. It made society run smoothly. Or so she'd been taught.
None of that mattered now. She was in darkness, facing a blinding light.
She thought she heard a kind voice inviting her to remember something from a class she'd had on ancient worldviews, and to reconsider the advice to despise it.
She wasn't sure she could. She wasn't sure she should. She'd had the same temptation before, in good times, while soaking in the beauty of the world. Having practiced batting the temptation away then, she batted it away now.
She thought she heard the kind voice asking her to seek The Truth, behind the light, and accept help in understanding what she was up against, and why it mattered. Instead she tried to hide from it.
That failing, she tried to pretend it wasn't there.
That failing, she trembled, and cried out to the cave to collapse on her, as if layers of rock and dirt could shield her from what was coming.
The dugout not complying, she tried to pretend that nothing mattered now.

<[25]>

Renzo was feeling pretty good about how things were going. No one had asked him about the herder. The cattle had followed their noses to untrammeled spring grass, leaving the haystack behind. He wondered about them from time to time, but on the whole he liked that they'd taken themselves out of eyeshot. It removed the intermittent, illogical sense of responsibility for them that had bothered his conscience. All in all, it looked like his plan was going to work out. He'd even burned the photos and note, finally, so now that worry was gone, too.
But then a helicopter landed by the haystacks, deposited a new Collie, and left. It was a rainy day, and the woman sat on a hay bale. And sat. And sat. Her large hat brim and scientifically designed coat kept her from getting soaked, but there still seemed no reason for her to just sit there.
After dinner, Renzo peeked down the hill again. She was still there. Unfortunately, she seemed to see him. She didn't wave or anything extravagant like that, but Renzo couldn't shake the feeling that she'd seen him, and perhaps was wondering why he'd looked down at her, when it wasn't necessarily his business to do so. He decided that the best course of action was to go down and see if she needed help. Needing help would explain why she just sat there. Perhaps she was tangled in twine from a hay bale, or something like that. That seemed unlikely, but it seemed at least possible. When he got to her, she looked at him with the dull acceptance that was almost universal in breed schools, but slightly less common out in the field. Apparently it didn't occur to her that he would come down if it wasn't his duty to do so.
She was older than Julia, perhaps even close to the cutoff age of 50. There was a strong physical resemblance, but this woman seemed a distortion of Julia, instead of a relative.
Feeling it his duty to initiate conversation, Renzo said, "Greetings, Citizen. I am Citizen Officer Renzo, Birdwatcher. My headquarters are just up the hill."
"I know. I was properly briefed. I am Citizen Herder Vitamin."
"Are you here to replace Citizen Herder Julia?"
"I am here to count the cattle, when they come back. Cattle always come home in the morning and in the evening to be milked."
"I hope you are right, probably you are right  I am a birdwatcher and not a herder, and do not pretend to know such things  but they have not been here for days. And these are beef cattle, not dairy cattle. Perhaps the helicopter pilot put you down in the wrong place?"
Vitamin laughed. "Helicopter pilots never set people down in the wrong place. If you are testing me to see if I know that sort of thing, you might as well save your breath. I have scored well in tests for thirty years now." She pulled out her Informer and pulled up her test scores. "See?" she said, pushing it into his face.
"Very admirable scores," he said.
She pulled the Informer back, and pulled up another list of achievements. "I have excellent credentials in my specialty, too," she said. She again thrust the Informer in his face.
"Very admirable credentials," he said. "I will be going now, unless you need help with something."
"I do not need any help."
This wasn't quite good enough for Renzo, now that he'd acquired a taste for helping people. "If you experience difficulties with the power supply, I have been trained in restoring power to remote facilities," he said.
"It is fully charged. I will have no problems," Vitamin assured him, again flourishing her Informer.
"At herder headquarters, I mean," he said, pointing at the hut across the river.
"Oh, I am not going to go into that jurisdiction! I am only going to count the cattle and then I will be picked up and will go back to breed headquarters."
"Carry on, then, Citizen," Renzo said, taking his leave.
He'd found multiple locations by now from which he could watch the haystack area with little chance of being seen by somebody there. To his dismay, none of his otherwise splendid locations struck him as being safe from helicopter pilots, who might report him acting strangely if they saw him covertly watching Vitamin. Nor, for that matter, did he find it enjoyable to watch Vitamin, who continued to sit in one place, confident that the beef cows who had never been milked, who had moved on to grass, would nevertheless 'come home' to the years-old haystacks to be milked. She was dull, and old, not at all like 'his' herder. Still, for a while he pretended to have scientific surveys to do along the river. But pretending to be busy didn't seem to be doing much good. It also seemed to open him up to questions as to why he wasn't at his cabin, where he was expected to be this time of day. So he went back to his cabin, to be on the safe side. He snuck out just before dark, only to see Vitamin still sitting on the same hay bale. There were no cows in sight.
He wasn't sure he had time to get down to the cave and back before it got too dark to be walking outside. Not unless he ran. Running would look suspicious. He couldn't bear the idea of looking suspicious, not now that he had so much to lose.
He went back into his cabin, and paced. He had a stack of food on the table, ready to take to Julia. Afraid that Vitamin might walk up the hill  he'd had a herder at his door before, after all  he put the food away, resolving that he'd give Julia double rations in the morning, to make up for missing her evening feeding today.
He looked around the cabin, to make sure there wasn't any trace of anything suspicious. Satisfied that he was ready for an inspection, he crawled into bed. He woke three times during the night, but stayed in the cabin, it being beyond explaining why he would look down the hill in the middle of the night.
In the morning, he opted for an early bird count. Vitamin was still at her post. There were still no cattle in sight.
Renzo began to despair. If she didn't leave soon, he'd have to risk a trip to the cave, regardless of the danger. Otherwise Julia might starve, and that was one of the precise fates he meant to prevent by keeping her hidden from officials who might mistakenly declare her an experson.
He heard a helicopter. He'd never been so glad to hear a helicopter approaching. It landed near Vitamin, who climbed on board with no hint of frustration at not having been able to count any cattle. The helicopter flew away. Renzo counted to two hundred. There was no sign of the helicopter coming back. He went quickly to his cabin, gathered up a triple portion of food (reasoning that he should leave extra at the cave, in case he was ever thwarted again), and hurried to the hiding place.
Julia was on the ground in front of the dugout. She had dragged herself out into the sunshine. She was dead.
Renzo didn't want to touch her body, now that it was dead, but he resolutely dragged it to the river and rolled it in, to get rid of the evidence. He watched it until it disappeared from sight. He washed his hands carefully  one should always wash one's hands carefully after handling a dead animal, scientists said so  and gathered up his food and went home.
He threw himself back into his work. Every duty was done right on time, with exemplary exactness. He cleaned his cabin like it hadn't been cleaned in decades. He tidied up the trail to the observation point. Having done that, he abruptly decided that another spot, one that (just coincidentally, of course) didn't provide a view of anywhere Julia used to work, would be a better survey base. He'd let his hair grow a bit too long for breed standards. He took scissors and remedied that shortcoming. He mended his uniform. He did extra surveys, plant as well as animal.
The cattle came back. Insanely, he automatically looked to them for clues on where Julia would be. It shocked him that he'd forgotten, even for an instant, that she was dead. To his relief, the cattle soon grazed their way out of sight again. Now and then for a while after that, though, he would recollect their passing through, and ponder how they could look so healthy, with no herder to watch them. He thought cattle needed constant care. It bothered him that they seemed all right.
Perhaps Julia's life had been worthless?
This was an unfortunate thought, in more ways than one. He began to wonder if his own job was worthwhile. He began to suspect that it wasn't. Birds would come and go, regardless. His puny efforts at population control only operated in a puny area, and would have little effect in the whole environmental setting. His job was a joke. His life was a joke, a cosmic joke, a waste of food and air.
He careened away from exactitude to sloppiness. He stopped going outside for bird counts, and just sent in made up reports, filed from bed. He stopped shaving. Sometimes he didn't go to the bother of eating. The only activity he still did well was the daily Foundational Values lesson, but he was only parroting now, only doing what was required.

<[26]>

Leo Talent knocked on Ott's door and was invited in. He looked like he wasn't sure he should sit down.
"Sit," Ott said.
Leo sat. "You don't want to hear this, boss," he said.
"Tell me anyway."
"I don't know where to start."
"Probably doesn't matter much."
"All rightee, then. The cattle are still running wild, and we have a partial explanation. We found the herder's body downriver a ways."
"Expersoned?"
"I don't think so. Not sure. Skinny, but not starved. It looks like she got mauled by wolves or a bear or something, several days before she died. The wounds were nasty, but partially healed."
Ott took a few seconds to take that in. Officially, he wasn't responsible for government serfs in his region, but "officially" didn't cut it at times like this. He thought he understood Leo's look now. The man was probably feeling they'd all flunked some very basic manhood test, having a woman get killed by wild animals just next door. Probably the man was right. That she'd taken several days to die made it worse.
"I have a team burying her," Leo said. "We found a spot out of sight, and they'll put rocks on top, so it won't look so much like a gravesite, and also to discourage the wolves from trying to dig her up. I hope that's all right? That we're burying her?"
"Yeah. Thanks," Ott said. There were risks to having men working above ground in one place for an extended length of time, but sometimes you had to declare the risks worthwhile. It's the call he'd have made, had he been there.
"Boss?"
"Yeah?"
"The birdwatcher guy is acting weird. He's stopped shaving, and, I don't know, he doesn't look right in the head."
"You think it's related?"
"I don't know what to think. We'd been wondering if there'd been contact between the two lately, but we're not a hundred percent sure on that."
"Any clues yet from transmissions, on why a new herder hasn't been sent out?"
"Not a bit of it. Unless they're decommissioning the post, I don't have even a possible explanation."
"They might do that. I've heard rumbles that the present Glorious Leader thinks it would be a good idea to force everyone to live in urban areas. How he expects to eat if he cuts off ranching and farming is beyond me, but there it is. I'm sure he assumes 'Science' will fix it."
"On the upside, sir, if they just give up on this herd, if it can just hang on for another three or four years, we have a good chance of having a sustainable wild herd, I figure. That's if the wolves don't eat all the baby bulls before they grow up into big bulls. Chancy, that."
"Too bad we don't have big bulls to turn loose in the meantime. But we don't."
Leo looked like he got an idea all of a sudden. He shifted in his chair.
"Boss?"
Ott felt wary all of a sudden.
"What, Leo?"
"I'm overdue for a leave. I realize this might be a bad time, and so I'm willing to keep putting it off, but, uhm, let me know when I can have a couple or three weeks, will you?"
Ott wondered, briefly, if it was a bad idea or a good idea to send a man off when he was feeling like he'd flunked a manhood test. He assessed Leo, who was looking even more restless than usual. Leo wasn't a man naturally adaptable to being caged up, which is one reason he got sent on topside missions a lot; otherwise, he went a little nuts.
He ran through his head who else he had on hand to do the sorts of things Leo usually did. Right now, actually, the roster was pretty solid. He looked up Leo's file. The man had 51 vacation days built up. He'd been offered leave several times, but had always felt too much in the middle of a project to leave. He was supposed to let them know when he felt he could take a break. And, tah dah, here he was, saying he felt ready for a break.
"Ah, get out of here. Anything up to a month, give or take. Play it by ear if you like. Have fun," Ott said.
Leo grinned. "Bakertun all right with you, sir?" he asked.
Ott checked his reports, to see if anything up to the northwest had been declared off limits that he might have forgotten about. Nothing had. "Bakertun's fine with me," he said.
"You can reach me through my cousins up there," Leo said.
He left looking like a scientist about to start a new experiment. Ott wondered about that, but not quite enough to run the man down and ask him about it. Finally getting a workaholic to take a break felt almost like a coup of some sort. There was no sense giving the man an opening to change his mind.

<[27]>

Renzo managed to pull himself outside to stand at a respectful distance when the supply copter came. He even put on his best grateful-but-not-too-grateful face for the occasion.
The pilots, after their first glance at his gaunt, pale, bearded frame, pretended he wasn't there. They unloaded supplies more quickly than usual, and flew off. Renzo had the sinking feeling that he'd been written off. He half expected his Informer to inform him, any second now, that he'd been declared an experson. He didn't like that idea. Not in the least. Expersons were not allowed to eat, or drink, and so they died in a matter of two or three tortuous weeks. It wasn't fair. He was being the best government worker he knew how to be, given the circumstances. Still, of course, the government knew best. There were other Pac-Nors, all lined up to take his place. What mattered was that the work got done as it should be done, and Order be maintained. If individual units had to be disciplined by Noble Demise, that was just something that had to be, at this stage of evolution. The Future would be glorious, but for now 
A group of topknotted quail chuckled their way into view, walking in comedic half-order, rushing forward, stopping, milling around, rushing forward again. Noticing Renzo, they exploded into noisy flight. Renzo shot into the flock. There wasn't much left of the little bird he hit, after he'd hit it, but there was enough for a high protein snack. He hadn't thought about that when he fired. He'd just been shooting something out of frustration. But now he fingered his rifle and let quarter thoughts become half thoughts, and join to other half thoughts.
He went to his cabin and gathered food from the pantry. He carried it down to the dugout (which he persisted in calling a cave, not knowing what else to call it). He went across the river to the herder's hut, took all the food from there that he could carry, and headed back to the dugout. On further consideration, he thought it might be good not to have everything in one place. He thought the haystacks might be useful for hiding things, so he went there. Trying to find a good spot, away from where the helicopters usually came in, he found Julia's hidey hole. He wasn't sure what it was at first, but when he looked in and saw the cozy bed, it hit him, hard, what it was. He couldn't bear looking at it. At the same time, he could barely stand the idea of leaving. A sense of urgency, of danger, of helicopters possibly showing up at any moment, finally spurred him to action. He tossed the food in, and went back to the herder's hut for more food and supplies to cart off to the cave. After everything was stashed away there to his near satisfaction  it was impossible to feel he could make the situation safe  he went back to his cabin, dressed and cooked the quail, and ate it, all the while pondering how else he might set it up to survive long enough to figure out a better, longer term course of action, should the government mistakenly declare him an experson.
He assessed his ammo stores. With the recent resupply, they weren't too bad. He took about half down to the cave  this time carefully walking by a new route, so he wouldn't wear a trail  then returned to his cabin, to rearrange what was left so it looked like more.
Part of his mind tried to balk at what it tried to declare treasonous behavior. This prompted Renzo to begin justifying to himself what he was doing. Soon enough, he was a hero of the state in his own estimation.

<[28]>

"Welcome back," Anthony said.
"Pardon me if I'm still deciding if that's a good thing," Harvey said, lying flat on his back, blinded by pain and half suffocated by a bizarre feeling of weakness.
"Let us know if you need the pain meds back," Anthony said. "They thought they'd like to let you be something other than medicated out of your mind for a bit. Your call."
Harvey didn't know how to answer that. "I never thought I'd say this, but where in the world am I?" he asked.
"Ontario Hollows. We've been thinking of moving you to Nampatun, but thought it would be bad form to kill you by jostling you around too soon. So you're still at Ontario. It's just down the tunnel from the Annextun base, if you're trying to get your bearings."
Harvey didn't know why jostling might kill him. He had no recollection of coming underground again. He had no idea why Tony was at his bedside, much less dressed as a minister. But he decided he'd rather die than admit to any more ignorance of basic facts. Besides, he wondered if he was hallucinating. That would explain his brother being a minister. It would be unspeakably embarrassing to find you'd been asking questions of a hallucination. And, perhaps worse, listening to its answers.
"You got shot by friendly fire, by a fellow who mistook a footrace for an invasion. You got shot in the gut, which should have killed you before now, but some day let the surgeon and nurse tell you how the bullet somehow slid past more intestines than it should have, and how well you've responded to antibiotics. You've made a couple or three people believe in miracles," Anthony said.
"Tony?"
"Yeah?"
"Are you dressed as... oh, never mind."
"A minister? Yeah. I even have the job to go with it. I bet that surprises you."
"Tony?"
"Yeah?"
"I keep seeing fire. I'm not sure it's there to burn the dross off, either."
"That's good to know. Lots of people go through life with false hope, and never get through the narrow gate. Let's make sure that's not you, OK? I don't think it is, but I could be wrong, and this is the one thing we don't dare get wrong. It's more likely that you've just been corrupted by bad company, but even that's serious. In either case, it's fixable, if God gets in on it on our behalf."
"I don't know why He'd bother. Not with me."
"Join the club," Anthony said. "And thanks for showing signs of spiritual maturity after a fashion. I'm really horrible at dealing with people who are sure they're just so wonderful that God would miss out if He didn't take them to heaven. That's never ever a good sign."
"Tony?"
"Yeah?"
"I think I might have killed somebody. In cold blood, I mean."
"If you mean Gills, your co-pilot, you're clear by worldly standards, but guilty as hell by Christian standards."
"Translate that."
"He's alive, and well, but you harbored murder in your heart toward him. Christ holds us accountable for our thoughts, you know."
"Oh, joy. And, I'm sorry, but I think I need those pain meds. Soon."
"Before or after confession?"
Harvey hesitated.
"The correct answer," Anthony prompted, "is after. You're still in critical condition, and this is no time to be trusting to kind fate."
"You don't give a guy much room to dodge."
"I don't dare. Too much is at stake."
"Who are you, and what did you do with my brother?" Harvey tossed off, trying to be smart.
"I'll tell you about it later. You're dodging again."
Harvey stared at the ceiling.
"Tony?"
"Yeah?"
"There's too much to confess."
"Hogwash. There might be too much to face all at once, or so much that you don't know where to start, but there's never too much to confess. Think St. Paul, for starters. So, let's start somewhere. Anywhere. Silly. Serious. Big. Small. Doesn't matter. Or, better yet, let's start with a blanket confession and work backwards from there if we need to. Repeat after me, 'Lord, have mercy on me, a sinner.'"
"Lord, have mercy on me, a sinner," Harvey said.
"I confess that I have sinned, both by what I have done, and by what I have left undone," Anthony said.
Harvey stared at the ceiling.
"This, lad, is one big reason why we like to have people do confessions on an ongoing basis," Anthony said. "Fewer logjams that way. Keep working on it while I go see if I can line up some pain meds. You look like you need them."

<[29]>

Renzo wasn't horribly surprised when an unscheduled helicopter flew into view. He was disappointed  his beloved Government shouldn't be making such a mistake as he suspected it was about to make. But he wasn't surprised. If there was one thing he'd finally learned, it was that there were people who let Government down, and that fact alone meant that there would be mistakes made. He was sure that, given enough time, matters would straighten out. The question was, how was he to buy time?
It occurred to him that he must try to react properly, if he was depersoned. If he looked hopeful, that might raise suspicions, which was the last thing he needed right now.
It suddenly occurred to him that he might have missed a message telling him to expect a helicopter. Oh, it would never do to wonder about a helicopter visit, if he'd been told. He whipped out his Informer, and checked. No, he hadn't been told to expect a helicopter.
The copter landed. Two burly men got out of the cargo area. They walked up to him with official strides and demanded to see his citizenship card. As Renzo reached for it, they wrested his gun from him. He hadn't thought of that happening. His gun? His gun? Why, it was part of him. He went nowhere outside without it. He'd counted on it to be able to hunt for food. He stared at them in shock.
He thought of trying to wrest it back, but suddenly realized that one of the men had a handgun pointed at him. The man looked like he hoped he'd have an excuse to shoot. Renzo stood still then, as frightened and confused as he'd meant to act.
"Yes, this is the right unit," the man who held his card said. He handed Renzo a card with a number on it: 56999. "That's you, now."
"Yeah. For as long as you last," the man with the gun said. "I can end it for you fast, if you want. But I gotta have an excuse, or else I get in trouble. You wouldn't want that, now would you?"
The card man read Renzo a formal announcement, confirming that, according to the government, he was no longer a person, and henceforth was denied resources meant only for persons, most notably food and water, but also the use of any government property, including the cabin.
"Translated, that means that if you step inside that shack to get anything, I get to shoot you," the man with the gun said.
"I will not be stepping inside, if it is not my right to do so," Renzo said, in a dutiful voice.
"Bleh. You'll not thank me later for letting this drag out," the man with the gun said.
"Enough," the other man said. "If the experson properly accepts his duty to consent to a Noble Demise, there is nothing more to say or do. I commend you 56999, for seeing the justice in your position, and for doing what is best for Society. Hand over your Informer."
After handing it over, Renzo stayed silent and still, afraid to derail his thin chance of survival, which rested entirely on these men going away without doing him bodily harm. 
The card man steered his more thuggish comrade back to the helicopter and signaled to someone inside. A man who might have passed, at a distance, for the pre-Julia Renzo stepped out. He'd spent less time in the weather, and certainly he hadn't skipped meals or gotten sloppy about shaving. His eyes showed no cynicism. His mouth had a slackness to it. He seemed perfectly calm about being dumped off at a remote site, to replace a man who was still standing, but had been sentenced to death by starvation.
Renzo hated him.
The man ignored him, as he had been taught to ignore all expersons. This didn't improve Renzo's attitude, but he stilled his emotions with the same resolve that he'd used in taking on a pack of wolves.
The gunman seemed to smell an opening.
Renzo's resolve cracked. He inched away from the other men, backing up until he thought he had a chance of running over the ridge without getting shot in the back. He turned and ran, cursing the sagebrush for offering so little substance. A man could hide himself among trees, given half a chance, but it was hard, hard, perhaps impossible, to hide in sagebrush, whether his pursuers were on the ground or in the air. The river had trees and, as a last resort, water to dive under. But there was no chance of making it to the river from here. No chance at all. Not with a man around who had Renzo's own rifle in hand, and bloodlust in his eyes.
Renzo heard cruel laughter behind him, then the whirr of the helicopter as it rose into the air. Cursing himself for his panic, but unable to control it, he dove under the largest shrub at hand, and hugged the ground, hoping they wouldn't see him, hoping even more that they wouldn't see his panic.
He didn't know that they were used to seeing expersons panic at the front end. It wasn't as common as dull, disbelieving shock, but it happened, and wasn't considered a cause for alarm, in and of itself. There would be perhaps one or two extra aerial passes in the next week, and of course his replacement would be expected to report it if he saw the experson trying anything unruly. But Renzo was safe for now, although he didn't know it. For that matter, the man who'd offered to shoot him was enjoying Renzo's panic rather a lot, and would have hated to cut his entertainment short, by cutting Renzo's life short.

<[30]>

Gills wasn't sure what to think.
Someone obviously from his own breed, but just as obviously not a pilot, but who had an unmistakable air of authority, and who obviously commanded his jailors, had come several times to see him. The man had, weirdly, insisted upon talking about God, but not as a primitive misunderstanding of the Life Force which must be rooted out from the intellectual landscape. You'd even think he thought that the Life Force was a primitive, watered down, misleading mischaracterization of God.
Well, that only served to prove that he was indeed amongst the subhumans he'd been taught to hate since boyhood  except, it didn't prove it at all. Subhumans weren't supposed to be so intelligent, or so educated.
So this had to be a psychological test, just like he'd thought at first.
But such tests never went on this long, did they?
And, surely, the government wouldn't be handing him thought-contaminated reading material?
It made no sense.
That many of the people around him seemed possessed of a peace he'd never felt also made no sense. Had he not always striven to be loyal? Did he not always do his duty? Was he not one of the best pilots around? Did he not score well on tests? Had he not felt secure, within reasonable and proper limits?
He felt a surge of anger. The activities that had given him a sense of worth were being denied to him, and he wanted to know why  but of course a loyal citizen did not ever question the government openly.
The thought-contaminated literature had mentioned something about a man's worth not being determined solely by what he was able to do. It was tempting to think so, now that he couldn't do much of anything.
He hardened his mind, and set about doing physical exercises. That was a duty they hadn't prevented him from doing, by locking him up.

<[31]>

Lt. Ott was relatively pleased with how things seemed to be going. According to a classified report just delivered to him, the topside government had handled the disappearance of one of its helicopters and two of its pilots by simply erasing them from the inventory. He'd half expected that, had, indeed, half counted on that.
Subterran spies in the helicopter department, properly wary, had watched for signs that there were unofficial investigations afoot, but had seen or heard of none. This also wasn't surprising. The topside government in this part of the world had gone so dully bureaucratic that it routinely wrote off even huge assets. As far as he could tell, their reasoning (if you could call it that) was that the Future, the all-glorious and apparently magical Future, would find a way to make up for it, so there was no need to concern yourself now with silly things like resources and costs that failed to add up. Again, he'd half expected this, and was relieved. It made it far less likely that there would be trouble, much less of a shooting-at-each-other-until-one-side-is-decimated type of trouble.
He felt a twinge of something like guilt. Although there was nothing wrong with wanting to avoid bloodshed if possible, or with wanting to avoid defeat at the hands of a far more powerful and populated topside, still, something in him balked at accepting the stalemate that his generation had been handed by the generation before it, and the one before that, and so on, back four or five generations. That this part of the world was one of the last to fall to the "Era" series of global governments was a source of pride, but that pride only went so far. It was humiliating to be stuck with living in tunnels, surviving your wannabe rulers only by staying undiscovered. He'd rather, far rather, find some way to live above ground, in a world made, if not right, at least right enough for free men to function in it.
On a different front, he was pleased that his men seemed to be back to behaving like a unit again. Barry's mistaken defense of the town against friendly forces had ripped the troops apart, but they were mostly back together now. Barry wasn't popular, but he'd never been popular, so there was no reason to expect it now. As long as the men worked together, that was all that mattered, really.
There was a knock on his door. "Just a minute," he called out. He turned on the room's exhaust fan to suck out the smoke and burned the classified report, before answering the door.
Anthony Davis offered to come back elsewhen, if this was a bad time.
"No, no, come in," Ott said, waving him in. "I'm in update mode. Give me whatever you've got."
Anthony got comfortable in a chair, and sniffed the air.
"It's all right," Ott said. "I've got the door closed tightly and the soundproofing curtains up."
Anthony grinned. "Was I going to say anything about the faintest hints of fresh smoke in the air? Was I?"
"Wouldn't blame you if you did."
"I thought that messenger I passed in the hall had the look of an unburdened man. It must be tough carrying news you're asked to die to protect."
Ott decided not to say anything.
"For what it's worth, I don't think the other guys noticed. They're so used to stress these days, I think it struck them as normal," Anthony said.
"Speaking of that, how's it going among the men, from your perspective?"
"It's about what you'd expect, except perhaps for one thing."
"What's that?"
"Are you sitting down mentally as well as physically?"
"More or less. Just so you know, though, I have been known to come across the desk at men who played with me. Including pastors."
"Ah, you're no fun. But, anyway, Barry is showing what appears to be real humility. Nearly killing a colleague seems to have shaken him up in a good way. He's been going around apologizing to people, repaying debts, that sort of thing."
"So, are we looking at a conversion, or somebody getting ready to kill himself and tying up loose ends first, or what?"
"Time will tell. But all the signs are toward conversion, or conversion prep. He hasn't tossed himself at the foot of the cross yet, as far as I know. But he's asking the right questions, and is appalled with himself in what appears to be a healthy way."
"And you're telling me this, why?"
"Because I'm afraid that if he converts, some of the guys are going to try to keep him the same old Barry, their favorite scapegoat. And if they do, I'm going to be going into full scale shepherd mode."
"As if you aren't that most of the time."
"Oh, no. You've never seen me protecting a baby Christian who's under attack. I go staff and rod big time for the babies."
Ott held his tongue. He never had understood the way some Christians talked about baby Christians, and mature Christians, or spiritual warfare, for that matter.
Anthony knew this, but just smiled gently at him, in a way that he knew got under the lieutenant's skin.
"Changing the subject slightly, how's Harvey?" Ott asked.
"Doing well enough to chafe at being paralyzed," Anthony reported. "Past that, you'd better ask him or his medical team, I think."
"I suppose you're about to make him a good Christian, too," Ott said.
"For the record, Warren, I can no more turn a man into a Christian than you can turn a mug of mud into gold. God does that part of the job. I just feed His flock what they need to grow, and try to chase or drag them back onto the path when they fall off it. Also for the record, I can see you're busy. If there's anything you want to talk about, I'm available. If not, I'm out of here."
"Thanks. I am busy. If you don't mind?"
"I'm easy enough to track down, if you change your mind," Anthony said. He stood. "Oh, a side question. If for Sunday's sermon I were to choose between Joseph going down to Egypt, or Saul becoming Paul, is there one you'd prefer? Or is there something else you'd like emphasized?"
"Nope. All yours."
"Not a problem," Anthony said, and left.
 Behind him, it slowly dawned on the lieutenant that the pastor had, among others, meant him when he'd said he was afraid some of the guys were going to try to keep Barry their same old favorite scapegoat. "Why, Tony, you old reprobate, you know me better than that," he thought, sliding back into thinking of the pastor as he did when they were both somewhat unpromising teens. Before, ahem, Tony had converted Before he'd become Rev. Anthony Davis  who bore only a slight resemblance to the person he had grown up with
"Points to Anthony," he mumbled, before turning back to work.

<[32]>

Renzo at first ventured out of his cave only at night, not wanting to be seen.
He carefully rationed his food. This galled him. He'd never eaten much, gladly complying with the low calorie program approved by the scientists in charge of his breed. To try to eke by on less than that was simply unacceptable.
He looked at his stash of ammo, and nearly lost his mind. He'd have been able to buy more time, if he'd been able to hunt food.
A new thought struck him. If Julia's bow and arrows hadn't been collected, perhaps he could use them? They weren't as good as a gun, but even Julia, a mere Collie, and a woman on top of that, had killed a grown wolf with a well-placed arrow.
The well-washed part of his mind reminded him that the bow and arrows belonged to the government. This held him back for a little while, until he decided that they really couldn't do worse to him than they were already doing. He wanted to get more food from the haystack anyway. That where he needed to go for something else was where he needed to check for the bow gave him a strange feeling that he really was supposed to appropriate it for his own use. If he was going to be reinstated to Society, though, it would help if he didn't get caught borrowing it. He would have to be careful. Oh, so very careful.
He assumed that the new birdwatcher would be reliable as to schedule, not having found out yet that wilderness living sometimes called for adaptations, or that experience sometimes allowed for shortcuts. Still, to be on the safe side, he planned his run to the haystack for a time the man should be inside, at his carefully arranged table, taking a Foundational Lesson.
As expected, there was no sign of his replacement as he worked his way around to the haystack. The bow and arrows were still there. He strapped on the quiver, grabbed the bow and some food, and headed back to his cave. En route, his curiosity got the better of him. He snuck around to the back of the cabin, to a window that would let him look in on his successor without being seen, if the man was seated at the table.
He was. He was sitting at the table, in a precisely positioned chair, talking to his Informer, answering the same automated Judge that Renzo had answered for as long as he could remember. The furniture was just as it was supposed to be. The bed coverings were the same ones that had kept Renzo warm during the winter.
The window was open a crack, as it should be during an afternoon in spring. Renzo heard a bit of the questioning, and some of the answers. His eyes nearly bugged out of his head. This man, who looked the same age as himself, if not slightly older, was only to Level 22, and was having trouble with that!
He. Had. Been. Replaced. By. An. Inferior. Man.

<[33]>

Stanley Charbonneau knocked on Lt. Ott's door and stuck his head in. "Got a minute?" he asked.
"Come in."
Stanley closed the door behind him, and took a chair facing Ott. "You don't want to hear this, boss," he said.
"Now what?"
"We just received a message that suggests we're going to have to make some adaptations in how we're going to communicate with everybody else on our side."
"What sort of adaptations?"
"Let me put it this way. Do you know anybody who likes to make paper and has whatever he needs to do it?"
"Stop playing, and tell me what's up."
"Yes, sir. What's up is that regional directors have decided that electronic transmissions are too dangerous right now to justify their use. They didn't divulge why they thought so. They did say, by way of encouragement and inspiration, that other areas, like all of Northeast Northam, have done without phones or radios and such for more than a generation now. Sometimes several generations."
"Yes, but they're in populated areas that are more heavily monitored. And we're already careful not to use electronics for anything classified. And they  oh, never mind. You know as well as I do that Subterra is an amazingly diverse association. So, they're proposing a blackout, are they?"
"Announcing one might be the better way of putting it. Whatever spooked them seemed to call for semi-immediate action. As in 'this is the last you'll hear from us via this channel.' They ended with a Code North Pole, if that clears anything up for you?"
"Oh, boy," Ott said.
"That's a yes?"
"That's a yes with a great, big 'our enemies have been smarter or luckier than we have' attached. It's borrowed from a humiliating mess during what our ancestors called World War II, before people had any idea what a real world war looks like."
"Not to be repetitious, but 'oh, boy.'"
"So we're down to paper and word of mouth? All right, we'll just have to learn to deal with it."
"Sir, the paper might be in short supply very soon. Greenley has declared a war on paper, apparently. Blew up three paper factories, at last count. That's about all there were that were left, as I understand it. Topside has found paper records rather inconvenient, you know, since they have a nasty habit of saying the same thing year after year. It drives historical revisionists nuts."
"So you weren't joking about starting up paper making?"
"I'd say I was only half joking, sir. We do have Subterran paper manufacturing, just not enough to make up for the loss of topside supplies that we've been diverting to our own use. In any case, if I were in charge, sir, which I'm not, of course, I think I'd be getting more men into the habit of taking nice long jogs. That way, when we've got messages to send, we've got enough messengers with the legs to get the job done, whether we're doing it by note or by rote."
"I think we'd better assemble the troops for a group briefing."
"Yes, sir. When?"
Ott checked the time. "Three hours. Send word to those town sentries that will get relieved before then to join us."
"Yes, sir. Since we have enough time for it, I'll have the messengers walk the last bit, to be on the safe side."
"Not funny, Charbonneau."
"No, sir. I guess it wasn't."

<[34]>

Renzo found a place out of sight of the birdwatcher's cabin, and out of sight of the birdwatcher's usual observation spot. For good measure, he also made sure he couldn't be seen from the herder's hut across the river, or from the haystacks. There was no sign of a replacement herder, but who knew when the government  the stupid, stupid, unreliable, despicable government  might, on a whim, decide it needed a cattle herder again?
Once he found a good site, he set up an archery range. He found shooting a bow was fairly easy, for him. It used different muscles than he was used to using, though. He thought it might take a week or two of careful, studiously managed, slowly increased shooting, to get into proper shape.
This didn't bother him until he realized that he didn't have food enough to make it a couple of weeks.
He went in search of deer or pronghorn or rabbits. He found a small rabbit. When it saw him, it froze under a sagebrush. He shot at it and missed. It ran for its life, and got away.
Not wanting to overuse his muscles, thus making them too sore to shoot properly, he headed home to his cave, and his stolen government rations.
The thought of being dependent on the government provisions upset him. The more he thought about it, the more unbearable it became. He turned around, found a good spot along the river, hid himself, and shot a young deer as it came down to drink.
He'd noticed that there were often morning breezes and evening breezes. Morning breezes generally went one way, evening breezes the other. Not having been taught much about foothills and mountains, he wasn't quite sure how or why that happened, but he had noticed it, so he timed his cooking fire for when the wind was blowing away from the birdwatcher's cabin.
As he ate his venison, brought down by his own effort, dressed out by his own effort, cooked by his own effort at a time of his own choosing, he felt pretty pleased with himself.
The pleasure gave way to increased frustration with the government, and with the man they'd sent to replace him. Here he was, good at his job. But they'd replaced him. Here he was, a man who got top scores on tests. But they'd replaced him  with an intellectual inferior! Here he was, clever enough to learn on his own how to shoot a bow, clever enough to learn how to hunt with it, how to butcher an animal, how to cook it over a fire. And they had replaced him with an inferior man. It wasn't just embarrassing, it was devastating. His entire life, he'd been taught that the government's role was to oversee the perfection of both man and society. And now someone in government had made the horrendous blunder of declaring a talented marksman, a loyal birdwatcher, a smart man  him!  an experson.
It was unbelievable.
It was unsupportable.
It should never be allowed to stand. For the good, not so much for himself, but for the good of society, a good Citizen Officer should not be replaced by someone of less quality.
He worked his way up the hill and peeked through a cabin window. The man who only superficially resembled himself was asleep in bed. His bed. It was a mockery. In the morning, the man would go out and do the bird counts that he had been assigned. That was also a mockery. Renzo was no longer convinced that the bird counts were important, but that was beside the point. They were his bird counts. His. 
He went to the cabin door, meaning to burst in and shoot the man dead as he slept.
At the door, he changed his mind. He might have to impersonate the man, at least in the short term. It would pay to spy on him another day or two, to see if there were any quirks he hadn't noticed yet, that he'd have to emulate to come across as the cretin.
His mind wouldn't stop making comparisons, relegating the replacement to lower status, and lower. The cretin. The idiot. The subhuman posing as a Pac-Nor Progressive.
Abandoning reason, Renzo notched an arrow, burst through the door, and shot his innocent replacement with one arrow, and another, and another, until the man was without question dead.

<[35]>

Harvey couldn't remember the last time he'd had extended time to think, at least not while he was in a place where it was safe to think. Topside, there'd been lots of time to think, but a man had to guard his thoughts relentlessly, not letting any of them go too deep, lest they spill out in facial expressions or words or actions that didn't fit the party line. When he'd been underground, it had been on business, hurried, intense; he hadn't dared fall too far out of character, for fear, again, of not being seen as the perfect little party animal when he went back topside.
A voice broke into his musing. "Is this a good time to visit? I could come back."
It was a gentle, loving voice. And female. Oh, how he'd missed having women around, while living topside. They could be perplexing creatures, but life was incomplete without them.
He turned his head and smiled. "Oh, Remna, you are a sight for sore eyes," he said, before he could catch himself. Grabbing at a way to change the subject, he said, "How are the Tolman kids?"
"Up, down, sideways. Just what you'd expect. But they're with relatives with good heads and even better hearts. They'll be all right, probably. Prayers always appreciated, though." She held up a vase with spring flowers in it. "I couldn't remember. Are you allergic to flowers?"
"No. I'm fine. Anthony has trouble with lilacs, iris, whitetop, and roses, though, and I don't remember what all else. Poor chap."
"I remembered allergies ran in the family, but I couldn't remember who escaped from it. I thought it was you, but wasn't sure."
"They're nice. Thanks."
"I heard you were having trouble with time distortion. Avery had the same problem when he was in his bad spells. Time seemed longer than it was, and so he was generally a few months ahead of the rest of us, in his head  except when he was a few years behind us, of course. I'm used to it. All of which is a ramshackle, clumsy way of saying, hey, if you're wondering why they look like spring flowers, it's because they are, and it's still spring."
Harvey smiled. Remna took the oddest, most circuitous, routes to a point sometimes. With her, it was somehow charming, especially when she got embarrassed by it, like now.
"Thanks," he said. He had a hundred questions to ask, but couldn't figure out how to ask them, without seeming interested personally. He had no intention of saddling any woman with a seriously disabled husband, much less a woman who'd already been through the mill taking care of one.
"I just got back, so haven't had a chance to catch up on news to share," Remna said. "I wasn't sure I was going to be able to come back. Things are pretty tense up the valley these days, and here, too, from what I can see, and they're putting all sorts of restrictions in place. Did you hear that all electronic signals have been banned? Monitoring, too, since there's some fear that the other guys could sense the sensors, or something like that. I confess I don't understand any of it, other than all use of phones, radios, and anything like that, has been outlawed."
"I didn't know that," Harvey said.
He wanted to ask why she came back to a remote spot, when she could have stayed closer to deeper, better bunkers, and larger defense forces. He found he was afraid to ask, though he wasn't quite sure why he was afraid.
"So, anyway, when they said that what might be the last public convoy here for a while was heading out, I jumped into line," Remna said. "It was mostly me and the guys smuggling in an exoskeleton for you." She paused, taking in his reaction. "Oh, maybe they didn't tell you that they were going to try to get one for you? It was pretty iffy that they'd be able to get one that was the right size, and no one knew how long it would take to get here, if it could be pulled off. So maybe they didn't want to get your hopes up. Or maybe they thought they'd try to get you out to do the rehab somewhere else. I guess I don't know."
"That makes two of us," Harvey said. "That's all right. There's every chance they told me, and it just didn't register. I'm foggy a lot, these days. It's hard sorting out what's memory, and what's false memory."
Remna laughed. "Sorry. But I've always had that problem, and I don't even have the excuse of being on pain meds."
Harvey almost laughed, despite himself. "It's all right, Remna. You're still smarter than half the people I know."
He stiffened. That had come out sounding too much like, if not courtship, at least something personal. No, no, no, he was not going to get personal.
There was a knock on the door. The head nurse stuck her head in. "Ready or not, we're going to put you to work now, Davis. Time to get fitted for an exoskeleton. This laying around is no good whatsoever for your muscles or bones or nerves, you know," she announced.
"Time for me to go say hi to Warren or somebody," Remna said. "See you later."
"See ya," Harvey said.
After Remna left, the nurse looked Harvey in the eye. "If you're expecting a miracle from this fancy frame, forget it. You, sir, are about to work harder than you've ever worked in your life, and it's not going to be nearly as fun as flying. It will, however, make it so you can walk. If we're really, really lucky, you'll even be able to graduate from using the frame, and walk unaided someday. Don't count on it. For now, let's just work on making you mobile, with the big, ugly, cumbersome gizmo we had brought in for you. Then we'll worry about the next step."
"One step at a time," Harvey tossed out, with flippancy worthy of a topside pilot.
"Yeah, hot shot. One step at a time," the nurse said. "Starting now."

<[36]>

Renzo hadn't thought about how hard it would be to hide evidence of a murder. If he had, he might have at least planned to kill the man nearer the river, or something else that might have been useful. He hadn't reckoned on the man's corpse being considerably larger and heavier than Julia's. Hers had been hard enough to move. This was harder.
Perhaps he could do what the primitives did, and bury it? He liked that idea. A grave could be as close as he wanted it. 
Digging a grave proved to be harder work than he'd thought it would be, and there was the added concern, which kept growing, that he was only trading the difficulty of getting rid of the body with the difficulty of hiding the grave.
He finally got the corpse dumped into the grave. Looking down, he wished he'd thought to put it in face down. The blank face looking up at him looked too much like what he saw in a mirror every day. He covered it up as quickly as he could, then did what he could to disguise the gravesite. Early measures failing, he spaded a large patch of ground around the grave, marking it out as the location for this year's Patriot's Garden for the outpost. It wasn't the best location for a garden, perhaps, but he was sure he could justify the location somehow, if asked. No, no, on second thought, he thought he should just feign ignorance of garden positioning, if asked. As a Pac-Nor, he wasn't expected to know much about such things, even after having experience with it.
He was so busy spading and second guessing himself that he nearly forgot to do the bird count at the proper time. Being too pressed with dealing with contingencies to run over to the observation spot and actually count birds, he decided to make up a report. He'd done that often enough, with no problem.
He nearly panicked when he realized that he no longer had an Informer with which to file a report. Then he laughed, half hysterically. If he'd had one still, and used that, it would have been his ruin. It would have been an Informer assigned to a man who officially didn't exist anymore. He needed to use an Informer assigned to the trespasser.
He wondered if he'd accidentally buried one of them along with the dead man. He hadn't checked pockets. Some people took their Informers to bed with them, after all, instead of placing one on the bedside table and calling that good enough.
He raced inside the cabin, and was relieved to find both Informers. He filed his bird count, right on time.
To his horror, the device asked him for a confirmation number.
It took a moment for his mind to flash him the information that they always asked for a confirmation number after a report was filed  and that it was the outpost number, not the individual's unit number. He knew that number. He'd used it every day, for every bird count. He had used it so often that it had ceased being conscious knowledge, that was all.
Still, he sweated as he punched it in. What if they'd changed procedures? What if they had?
They hadn't. The 'Report Successfully Filed' message came up.
He went back to finish the garden spading, but soon after that he decided he'd better leave that off, for now. For one thing, no one ever spaded a whole garden area in one day, under normal circumstances. For another, there was blood to clean up, and other details to deal with. For another thing, his arms and back were screaming at him.
Near the time for a Foundational Lesson, Renzo nearly panicked again. He hadn't taken time to study his foe, to know in what ways his inferiority tended to display itself. Still, there was nothing for it now but to brazen through. He went through the ritual of washing the table, and lining up the chair just so. Using one of the dead man's Informers, he indicated that he was ready for a lesson. The screen lit up. The Judge came into view.
"Good afternoon, Citizen," the man said, in the wonderfully rich voice and proper enunciation for which Pac-Nor Progressives were noted.
"Good afternoon, Judge," Renzo replied with a similarly rich voice and with a veneer of well-feigned courtesy.
"Today, we tackle the subject of how Society will be perfected," the Judge said.
Renzo nodded and smiled, hiding his disdain.
"First, we will review the nature of man," the Judge said. "Is man basically good, or basically bad?"
"Good," Renzo said.
"You have answered nearly correctly," the Judge said. "The correct answer is that man is basically good. He has inherited goodness. How do we know this?"
"By careful observance of the success of well-ordered communities, and by the teachings of Sacred Government, which has determined that man can be made bad."
"You have answered correctly. Although man is basically, or inherently, good, are all men equal?"
"Most assuredly not."
"You have answered correctly"
The quiz went on for what seemed like forever, and then it was over. Renzo was congratulated for being a good citizen who was progressing in his understanding, and then the Judge was gone.
Renzo didn't know whether to collapse with relief, or dance. He'd never done a victory dance before, but one seemed in order. He was too tired, though, to do it.
Besides, the real test  the life and death test of pretending to be another man until the government came to its senses and reinstated him to society  was far from over.
It would help, Renzo thought, if he knew the trespasser's identification number. That might be asked of you at any time. He wondered how to find that out, without looking like he was being oddly curious.
In the end, it was easy. Again, it had been so much a part of his life that it had ceased becoming something of note. It was programmed into the Informer, and displayed at the top of the screen at all times.
He memorized the new number.
He thought then that it might be safer to know the man's name. You could go weeks, even months, without having to use your name, especially in a remote station. But it happened, and he certainly wouldn't want to not know what to answer. That took a bit more digging, but it was easy enough, too, once he put his mind to it. The cretin's name had been Able. What a joke. He hadn't been able at all. Renzo smiled as a witticism formed in his mind. He was more able than Able. He'd proved it by killing the creature.
"Did you? Is that what you proved?" popped into his head, unbidden and unwanted.
He shoved the thought aside and went about further securing his position. He strapped his gun on, and took the bow and arrows to the river, washed the arrows, then went to the haystacks. He pretended to be inspecting haystacks, just in case someone was watching  it was nearly impossible not to feel someone was watching him, now that he'd decided to hide something  and stashed the bow and arrows into Julia's hidey hole. It would be good to have the backup weapon, just in case he lost his gun again, or wanted to stockpile more ammo. 
On the way back to the cabin, he shot a pheasant, reasoning that if he supplemented his provisions with game animals, he could move more food to the cave or to the haystack. Just in case. Just in case.
And so the day went, with Renzo getting rid of evidence, and laying out plans.
By bedtime, he was nearly exhausted, but quite pleased with himself. He crawled into bed at the proper time, expecting to fall into a well-earned sleep. But every time he closed his eyes, Able's face stared at him from out of the grave.
This problem was soon joined by another. He'd cleaned most of the blood from the mattress, but some stains had refused to come out entirely, plus blood had soaked beneath the covering, out of reach. Knowing that Able's blood was underneath him began to scare him. The sensation was irrational, and therefore unworthy of a top notch Pac-Nor Progressive such as himself, but there seemed to be no way to shut it off.

<[37]>

"Lieutenant, I think you'd better come," Stanley Charbonneau said. "At your earliest convenience, I mean," he added, when he saw the flash of worry hit his commander's eyes before he got it all nicely, properly hidden, like a good commander should.
"What's up?" Ott said, as they walked down the tunnel.
"Leo's back."
"And?"
"And he and the men will kill me if I ruin the surprise, sir. Please don't offer to kill me if I don't. A man likes to have some way open to him to survive, sir."
Ott could concede that point, but that's not to say he liked the situation. He braced himself for anything, knowing from long, hard experience that Leo Talent, the resident technical genius, had brainstorms that were all over the board, from valuable to hazardous.
"I don't suppose you'd at least tell me where we're going?" he asked.
"The supply depot, sir," Stanley said. "The tunnel gets a little too tight just this side of there."
Ott felt like rubbing his forehead. If Leo had something too big to come through the bottleneck, it wasn't his usual sort of surprise. The man delighted in small but powerful devices, and it usually showed in the inventions and innovations he came up with. He tried to not look worried, though, especially after he saw Stanley eyeing him to see how his vague hints were being received.
As they got near the supply depot, Ott heard an odd sound, but couldn't get it to register as one thing or another. He also smelled something which seemed awfully familiar, but again couldn't be sorted into something recognizable. He shot a glance at Stanley, who got an over-innocent look on his face.
"I'm not in a mood for practical jokes, Charbonneau," Ott warned.
"In that case, I'm glad this is just a surprise, and not a joke, sir," Stanley replied.
They rounded the corner and entered the supply depot's yard. There stood Leo, dwarfed by the biggest bull Ott had ever seen, its majesty enhanced by an oversized set of horns.
Leo grinned ear to ear. "Remember saying you wished we had big bulls to turn loose, sir?" he said. "Meet Puny, The Pride of the Elkhorns. Or, I should say, formerly the pride of the Elkhorn mountain region. I won him in a bet. He's ours now."
Ott let his jaw drop. It was easier than keeping it up, and it seemed a reasonable response.
"That's what the other guys did, too," Leo said, just about to burst with pride.
A goat bleated. Ott recognized the bleating as the sound he'd heard, muffled, while just down the tunnel, but hadn't been able to place. Looking at the goat, which was standing underneath the bull's belly, he noticed manure on the ground nearby. That explained the smell. No wonder it hadn't registered. Manure was an outdoor smell. It didn't belong in tunnels.
"I had to bring the goat along, sir. Puny and him are friends, and they refused to be parted. Blevins is his name. It's an inside joke, the name is, or that's what I understand. No one would clarify, but the general feeling seemed to be that somebody who deserved to have a goat named after him got a goat named after him. I decided not to press, sir. It didn't seem decent to pry, when they weren't volunteering."
"Besides that, he didn't want to prolong the experience, once he realized he had to buy the goat, before he could get the bull to budge, sir," a man not of Ott's company said. The man bore rather a strong resemblance to Leo, which was a bit surprising, since Leo's family tree would make an ethnic purist have a heart attack (topside, Leo would have been called a mongrel, and would have been slaughtered for being 'unscientific').
"Meet my cousin, Kenley," Leo said. "He's been a tattletale since he learned to talk. He's less prone to it now, but he has his moments, as you can see."
"Yeah, what we hear, is you won the bull for nothing, but had to pay a prize bull's price for a goat," a serviceman said from the safety of a pack of servicemen.
"Laugh. Go ahead. But it's my money, and a good cause, and I didn't give up when the going got tough," Leo protested, a bit too enthusiastically, showing that he was embarrassed.
"In fairness, he got a good deal on the other bulls," Kenley put in. He pointed to two animals in the back of the room that had escaped Ott's attention, as riveted as he'd been on Puny. They looked to be yearlings.
"I got thinking. If we're mostly counting on baby bulls from the current herd, there might be too much inbreeding. So I brought some outside blood besides Puny, just to better the odds," Leo said. "By the way, those are also cousins, holding onto the lead ropes back there. Tim and Tom."
Tim and Tom waved. Ott nodded back.
"They'll be heading back as soon as we turn these critters loose. If you approve turning them loose, of course. I thought we might be able to get them out at the Meyer Stairway, if that's all right with you?" Leo said.
Ott nodded. He tried to stay official about it, but gave it up. He laughed. "Leo, I don't know what to say  other than thanks, and good luck. And you have my permission to widen the stairway if you need to. Just be sure it's sturdy and sealed and hidden again when you're done."
"Thank you, sir. The yearlings won't be any problem, but to get Puny through, we're going to have to get him to angle his horns and body just right, I think. We've had to do that a few places in the tunnel already. We should be all right."
Ott turned to Stanley. "Send an engineering detail along, just in case," he ordered.
"Yes, sir," Stanley said.
The little pack of servicemen went to pick up tools, and got into formation. Just like that, they were engineers on duty.
"We were kind of expecting you might want to send an engineering detail along, sir," Stanley said with a wink. He turned to his little gaggle of eager workmen. "Head 'em up. Move 'em out," he ordered.
His men yipped and yowled gleefully in reply, the way they thought cowboys had yipped and yowled back in the legendary days of the Wild West.
"Whoa. Careful there, don't get too loud or exuberant," Leo begged, gingerly waving the engineers to a standstill and silence, while the bull rolled his eyes and fidgeted. "Puny's been gentled and halter broke since he was a baby, but he's not used to being in tunnels, or around strangers, and although I know you all have a very high opinion of me, I regret to inform you that if Puny gets spooked or upset, there is nothing on or under God's green Earth I can do to control him, until he's good and ready to be controlled."
"I can attest to that, by the way," Kenley said, leaning down to rub a bruised leg. Catching a look from Leo, he shrugged, "But, just to prove that my dear cousin's representation of me as a tattletale is bogus, I won't provide any details," he said. He grinned, and pulled on the lead rope attached to the goat's halter. "Come, dear Blevins. Let's get you and your best friend out into the sunshine again, shall we?"
He led the way back the way they'd come, for the nearly two mile trek to a little used, larger than average entryway into the tunnels. Puny kept his eyes riveted on his goat companion and followed, with Leo pretending to lead him. After they'd passed, Tim and Tom fell into line, with their smaller, but less docile, bulls. Behind them, Stanley got the engineering detail in order, and followed. Ott heard a man point out that this was lousy planning since it meant they'd be following manure manufacturing units. He heard Stanley reply that he'd weighed that particular downside against the downside of being in front of a bull that could run them down if he got spooked  and probably would run them down, this being a tunnel  and had made the executive decision to put up with steaming fresh manure rather than risk being stampeded to death. He asked if there were any objections. They were too far away by then for Ott to hear the answers, if any.
He was wondering who he should assign to clean up the manure, when Joel Johnson started shoveling it into buckets.
Joel saw Ott taking note of what he was doing, and laughed. "Don't waste your time wondering what I did to deserve this, sir. It was nothing more serious than drawing the short straw when we drew straws. Really. You can ask anybody."
"Carry on, Johnson," Ott said. He turned to leave. He nearly ran into Anthony Davis.
Anthony was looking at the manure. "Do I want to know what just happened here?" he asked.
"Pull up a seat and I'll tell you all about it while I work," Joel said.
"I have a better idea," Anthony said, retrieving a washrag, a mop, and a bucket of sudsy water from a tool stand. "Many hands make light work. Tell me while we both work, eh?"
Lt. Ott left, a bit upset that the pastor seemed to be fishing for every man on his team, either to convert him, or to rope him into a deeper commitment to Jesus if he was already Christian. He wanted to be fair about it, but from a manager's point of view it would be helpful if not so many men at once were different from one day to the next. On the other hand, he didn't want to discourage anyone. He'd just have to learn to deal with it, he guessed. Like his granddaddy said, sometimes you just had to grin and bear it.
On his way, Ott stuck his head in to see how the prisoner Gills was getting along. The man was sitting in a corner, intently reading a Bible, his branded brow furrowed in concentration. He was another fish in Anthony's increasingly big net, apparently.
Ott rolled his eyes, shook his head, and left without offering a word to the prisoner or his guards.

<[38]>

Gills was struggling to understand the book that had been given to him. Most of it made no sense. Some of it was downright scary. The chaplain had told him that he'd need spiritual eyes to understand it, and that didn't make sense either. Still, he'd come to want to understand it. And, surprisingly, more and more of it made sense, or at least caused him to reconsider himself and the world, which  incredibly  seemed to have supernatural elements after all. Here. Now. Not just out in the cosmos, where the Life Force came from and where spirits escaped to when a person died. Here. Now. Actively working in people's lives. It was amazing, and mind bending.
Even without all that, the principles set forth, especially by Jesus Christ and his apostles, were turning his world upside down. Notions of some people being superior from birth, of the importance of status, of meekness being a weakness  those, and more, were in danger of crumbling. Boasting was bad? Who knew? Doing things simply for the recognition of other men was robbing yourself of a greater reward? How could that be? A man had to be born again? He'd never heard of that before.
He caught motion out of the corner of his eye. He glanced up just in time to see Lt. Ott roll his eyes and shake his head and walk off.
"Excuse me," he said to his jailers, employing the manners of the place instead of the ones he'd been raised with. "Who was that, please?"
"That, Gills, was Lt. Ott. The top man around here. He's been to see you before. Did you forget?" the snarkier of the guards told him.
"No, I did not forget. I did not get a clear view of him before he left. That is all," Gills said. He put the Bible aside, grateful to the government to send him such a warning. He still didn't understand the training he was being put through, but it was clear now, blessedly clear, finally, that he was not meant to take the odd book seriously. Perhaps he was being trained to go behind enemy lines and destroy people who took it seriously, and he would need to know what lines to spout, or what fables they used as a degraded means of communication. He wished his superiors would be more clear, but perhaps the uncertainty was part of the test? Perhaps he must prove his loyalty first?
He waited until he was sure that the guard who'd spoken to him was watching, then shoved the Bible away.
The guard laughed. 
Gills could have danced. He had been tested, and from the guard's response, he was sure he had passed with flying colors.
To be more precise, he had passed this test. There would probably be more. He had nearly fallen into this trap. He must be careful not to fall into any more.

<[39]>

"Hey, how ya doing?" Anthony asked his brother, from the doorway of Billet 32.
"Home again, home again, something, something, lady bug," Harvey replied, trying, and failing, to remember a nursery rhyme that seemed to fit the occasion.
"That scary, eh?" Anthony said.
Harvey hesitated. The nurse in attendance said she'd go take a walk, and left.
"I hope you never get to find out how scary," Harvey said, opting to be serious for a change. "I can get around one way or another, to some degree, using a wheelchair some of the time, and the exoskeleton now and then. But I topple a lot, usually with no warning whatsoever."
"Ouch. Then there's all that having to depend on other people to help you get set up so you can get around one way or another. And needing help getting dressed, and using the bathroom, and other fun stuff. That can be tough," Anthony prompted.
"I'd rather not talk about it," Harvey said.
"As you wish," Anthony said.
"Sit down, why don't you," Harvey said.
"Glad to," Anthony said, and sat.
"Could we talk about something other than me? I'm sick to death of talking about me," Harvey said.
"That depends. Are you dodging your minister, or going stir crazy from the self-centered insanity of early stage disability?"
"Who are you, and what did you do with Tony?" Harvey said, but with a gentleness that surprised his brother. "And to answer your question, probably a bit of both," he added, with a candor that also surprised his brother.
"Who are you, and what did you do with Harv the Marv?" Anthony asked, joking, but with an overlay of encouragement.
He got eye contact. Seeing light inside that hadn't been there before, he decided to let Harvey steer the conversation away from himself after all.
"So," Anthony said, "Just in case you've missed a briefing or two, we're in communications blackout, except for long distance runners with good memories  at any rate, we sincerely hope they have good memories and aren't embellishing or deleting information. We're not hearing from spies topside anymore, by any means of communication. Whether that's from them all being dead in the depersonings war that's going on between different departments, we don't know. We're hoping they're alive but afraid to send messages just now. But that's just a hope. No evidence for that yet. You might have been the last man out." He watched Harvey's reaction. "Please don't get a case of survivor's guilt. I can probably deal with it, if we need to, but really, I have my plate full just now."
"So I've heard. From what I've heard, Ott thinks you're turning the world upside down, raking in converts left and right."
"I prefer to think of it as turning the world rightside up, but I have to concede that we've got a lot of men in the process of transformation right now. Including the guy who shot you, by the way."
"I heard."
"He'd like to apologize in person, but doesn't want to intrude."
"Send him over any time. I should be easy enough to find."
Anthony held his tongue.
"I won't chew him to bits, I promise," Harvey said.
"No, I don't believe you would. Thanks. How about Remna?"
"What brought her up?"
"I did."
"Off limits."
"All right. For now."
"Off limits."
"All right. Changing the subject, has anyone told you anything about Gills?"
"Yeah. They say he's probably going to be another of your converts. Congratulations."
Anthony shook his head. "He was seeking. Now he's not. He's openly scornful again. I wondered if you had any idea why?"
Harvey shook his head. "Hey, Anthony, are you all right?" he asked.
"Do you remember the parable Jesus told about seed being scattered? Some fell on the path and got eaten before it grew, some grew in shallow soil and withered, some grew all right at first but got choked by thorns, and some grew in good soil and yielded a huge harvest?"
"Yeah. Why?"
"Because Gills is the first man I've had snatched from me after he appeared to be growing good and hard and healthy. And I don't know what to do about it. It gets worse. At night, I'm dreaming about the man who got rid of one demon, swept the place out, didn't fill the place up with God, and wound up hosting eight demons instead of one. I keep seeing Gills go that way."
"I hope you're wrong."
"I haven't given up on him yet. But, between you and me, he's starting to scare me."

<[40]>

"Boss, you got a minute?" Stanley Charbonneau asked, after he'd stuck his head in the door of Ott's office.
"Come in."
Stanley shut the door behind him, and settled into a chair facing Ott's desk. "I have good news and bad news. The good news is that the cattle herd wandered into view while we were snooping around topside. Puny's found them, and adopted them, and they all seem pretty happy with the arrangement, with the possible exception of Blevins, who appears to be on the outs with some of the cows. The yearling bulls were there, too. It's one big happy family now, from what we can see. Quite a few of this year's calves are still standing, too, so the wolves didn't get all of them."
"That is good news."
"Now for the bad news. Something very weird is going on at the birdwatcher's cabin." He paused, searching for words.
"Such as?" Ott prompted.
"All right, call me crazy. Maybe I am crazy. But if I didn't know better, I'd say that the latest birdwatcher is gone, and the guy who was there before him is back. Crazier than ever, too."
"Crazy in what ways?"
"Talking to people who aren't there crazy. Spinning around to point his gun at stuff we couldn't see crazy. Yelling 'I am more able than able!' at the sky crazy."
"You don't think it's the latest guy, or another new one?"
"Uh, uh. I think it's Renzo. By the way, us not being able to listen in on transmissions or read text messages isn't driving me nuts, exactly, but it's making me feel deaf, dumb, and blind sometimes  and more than I thought it would. Like, why should I care I never got to learn the new guy's name? Seriously, though, it bugs me. You're a busy man, or I'd keep talking on stuff that bugs me. Although, I would mention, what really bugs me more than anything is wondering if any of our guys up topside needed pulling in, and we didn't get them in time. I wish they'd get word to us somehow."
"If they're not dead," Ott said.
"Yeah. Big if. Uhm, boss?"
"Yes?"
"Don't go telling anybody this, but if anybody from topside finds whoever-our-birdwatcher-is when he's in loony mode, they're going to order him starved to death, and we won't know about it, probably."
"Maybe they've done it already, and that's why he's acting insane?"
"Don't know. Doesn't seem quite down that line, but it's been known to get to people in different ways. But that wouldn't explain why he's still using the cabin, or why nobody else has taken over."
"Any sign at all of a new cattle herder today?"
"Not here, at any rate. And the cows seemed pretty much feral. Do you think maybe the 'Everybody Outside Of Urban Areas Gets Moved or Abandoned' policy got kicked in, even out here?"
"It makes you wonder, doesn't it?"
"Boss?"
"What?"
"If I was boss, which I'm not, of course, I think I'd send a team up to capture Renzo or whoever in the world it is up there. If they decide to replace him after that, at least we've saved his skin. In the meantime, we've gotten rid of the hazard of a guy with a gun hanging around near a bridge we'd like to use more than we dare to now. If we're really lucky, we can maybe even convince them that that particular post is more trouble than it's worth, if they haven't come to that conclusion already."
"This is not to mention that the current guy with the gun is acting crazy, which makes him even more dangerous than usual."
"Yeah. Think on it, anyway. I'm game either way."
"I'm seriously considering it, Charbonneau."
"Thanks. And, uhm, boss?"
"Yes?"
"A lot of the guys are still feeling rotten about that cattle herder winding up dead. It was worse with her because she was a woman, but"
"But they don't know if they could face themselves in a mirror if we lost the only serf we seem to have left in the neighborhood?"
"Something like that, sir."
"You win. Any reason not to aim for tomorrow?"
"Not that I know of."

<[41]>

Stanley's team had no problems until they looked in the cabin window to confirm that the birdwatcher was in bed like he should be  and he wasn't.
The men on the team were experienced, and so didn't panic, but there was a great deal of stealthy snooping around, trying to find the birdwatcher before he found them and opened fire.
Not finding him outside anywhere, they gave the inside of the cabin another look. He still wasn't in bed. Nor was he at the table. Nor was he anywhere to be seen  until one man thought to move around to where he could see the corner nearest the front door. Renzo was asleep on the floor, curled up in a ball.
Stanley took a look from a few angles, and decided that, given the choice between opening the front door just enough to squeeze through, and bursting through even though it might break the man's nose, all in all he liked the idea of bursting in, preferably yelling to shock the target into cooperation. After that, things went smoothly enough, from their perspective. From Renzo's, however, hell broke loose. Demons masquerading as men materialized out of nowhere, yelling diabolically. They tied him up, blindfolded him, and carted him off. Shortly after that, he smelled hay, and then he felt like he was being lowered into the bowels of the Earth. It wasn't quite as terrifying a nightmare as he'd become accustomed to having, but it somehow seemed more real, which made it worse.

<[42]>

Harvey was a bit alarmed when Lt. Ott showed up to take the nurse into the next room for a conference. When they came back, the nurse shot him a 'be careful what you say, hot shot' look, which made him even more nervous.
Ott sat in a chair facing Harvey. He seemed to be weighing his words before he spoke.
"Oh, for crying out loud," the nurse said. "Don't baby him. Harvey, the birdwatcher got brought down and needs nursing care as well as guards, and I suggested they bring him down here, at least for the time being, so we could team up on him. But Lt. Ott's afraid you're not up to having guards and a lunatic topsider around."
Ott's eyes did funny things.
No wonder, Harvey thought. It was never a good idea to try to glower when your eyes were bugging. He'd learned that as a kid, trying to look tough, but getting laughed at instead.
Harvey put on a good mask, suited to the occasion  he'd had lots of practice inventing and wearing masks topside  and looked Ott in the eye. "Boss, how about I promise to tell you if it gets to be too much for me, and we give it a go in the meantime?" he said, in a voice so calm it almost startled Harvey himself.
The nurse smiled in a way that said she was proud of him.
Ott, however, looked at him like he was trying to decide if he'd gone nuts.
"Unless you're counting on me to be one of the guards, I'm game, really," Harvey assured him. "Give me another week or two before you decide to assign me to guard duty, though, all right?"
Ott muttered something under his breath about cocky airmen being the bane of his existence, but agreed to let them have the birdwatcher for a while. He left.
The nurse looked like she was going to give Harvey a hug.
"My dear Mrs. Chan, do I want to know what's really going on?" Harvey asked.
"It's a bit complicated," she replied.
"No doubt. Give me a few key threads, though. Please."
"Officially, we're just being smart about teaming up during a shortage of skilled nurses. Having both of my hardest cases in one place instead of making me jog back and forth down the tunnel all day and night is decidedly a good idea, from my point of view," she said. "It's also a good deal for the guards, because they don't have to jog down the tunnel to get me if they have a problem, or a question."
"Or, worse yet, if they have a question or a problem and decide that perhaps it's not worth the bother of jogging down the hall?"
The nurse smiled weakly, letting him know he'd hit on an ongoing problem with at least some of the guards.
"So, unofficially, what are the additional reasons?" Harvey asked. "If I may be so bold to ask?"
"Where he's at, Renzo's at the mercy of the guards who mocked Gills when he was entertaining the idea of getting to know God, and who made him feel like a good boy when he went back to blackhearted, blind scorn. Here, even if they get a rotation  and I'm trying to see that they don't  even if they get a rotation, we're in a better position to offer some counterweight."
"'We,' meaning who?"
"Me, some of the Christian guards, and you, if you feel up to it."

<[43]>

Renzo couldn't bring clearly to mind the first days of his captivity  they were perhaps lost permanently behind a wall of shock-fog that had prevented details from properly registering in the first place  but his head was beginning to clear enough for him to notice his surroundings, and start to make some sense of it. Much of it didn't make sense, though, no matter what he did. He'd never met people like those who were around him now. Not only did some of them not look like any breed he knew, their manner of interacting with each other was quite odd. They relaxed too much, for one thing. They laughed a lot. And they were always offering to help somebody. On top of that, whatever the hierarchy was, he hadn't been able to figure it out.
He was, at the moment, most fascinated with the man with the pilot brand who spent part of the time sitting in a chair with wheels, and part of the time inside a frame of some sort, walking jerkily around. He was in the frame now. Why anyone would be experimenting with a device that made it impossible to walk properly was beyond Renzo's guessing.
The pilot had wobbled and jerked his way across the room, and was leaning against a wall, panting and sweating. He noticed Renzo looking at him, and smiled. "I bet you're wondering what's going on with this gizmo?" he said.
Renzo didn't know what to say, all the more so since he didn't know what a gizmo was.
"Sorry, my mistake," the pilot said. "I forgot that 'gizmo' isn't in the topside lingo, outside of pilot circles. It just means a gadget, or a device. In any case, I meant this wonderful, horrible, ugly, beautiful mess of bars and pads and wires that's strapped to me."
Renzo tried to appear agreeable, without committing himself to a conversation.
"Hang on a minute. Let me get seated again," the pilot said.
The other two men in the room (Renzo's guards) went to hold the pilot up while the 'gizmo' was taken off, and then they more or less carried him to the wheeled chair and sat him in it.
"Thanks, guys," he told the men.
"Any time," they said. "Anything else?"
"We ever get any coffee yet?"
"Nope."
"Water would be terrific."
"Broth would be better," the woman in the room said.
The pilot grimaced, but said, "What Nurse Chan wants, Nurse Chan gets. This time, anyway." He winked at the nurse.
She made a face at him, and offered to go make broth. The guards bowed and swept their arms theatrically, waving her to the food preparation area with exaggerated good manners.
Renzo couldn't tear his eyes off her as she worked. She was like Julia, and yet not like her at all, somehow. As much to the point, she was a woman working with men, as part of their team, as an equal  except when she seemed to have even more authority than any of the men. There was something more. Something he couldn't define, but couldn't deny. Watching her prepare food, he felt hungry, but not for food.
"Renzo, in case no one's told you, around here men do not touch women without permission," the pilot said. "We do not leer at them, either. I doubt you know what a leer is, but you're doing it now. She is not your woman, and you are not to look at her like that."
"I will adjust my behavior as advised," Renzo said, sending his eyes to the floor. "I regret if I appeared to consider her as mine. I am, of course, not highly enough placed to have my own person. It was remiss of me to imply that I did not know that."
The pilot rubbed his face with his hands. The guards got between Renzo and the nurse.
She said, "Thank you, gentlemen, but I don't think he'll be any trouble. He'll be no trouble for the wrong reasons, perhaps, but you can't expect him to understand yet." She looked at Renzo. "As I understand it, you haven't had much experience being around women?"
Renzo's blood ran cold. Perhaps this was an elaborate skit designed to get him to let his guard down, so he might admit having spent time with the cattle herder?! He hadn't thought of that. Having thought of that, he didn't know what to do. He saw the danger, but not the way out of it. However, it was too dangerous to not reply promptly, so he flung out the first loyalty proving statement that came to mind. "The government, in its wisdom, has arranged to keep men and women separate for most tasks," he said. He wasn't sure how to interpret the responses to that, so felt compelled to add, "Of course, I have seen documentation of men and women in other regions who are assigned to work together, so I know that the arrangement that is being employed here is not unprecedented. I do not understand why it is set up one way in some places, and the other way in others. I trust the experts to know when each arrangement is most efficacious."
"I don't know whether to laugh, cry, or be sick," one of the guards said.
"Let's change the subject back to the one we never got finished, shall we?" Harvey said. "I was going to explain my gizmo to the lad."
"First, explain to him why men don't lay hands on women or leer at them," Nurse Chan said, to the distress of every male in the room.
-
Harvey looked at the guards, who made it plain that since the nurse had spoken directly to him, he was on his own. For that matter, they gave the distinct impression that if duty had allowed, they'd bolt from the room so he could do it without having them as witnesses. Although he appreciated that they didn't want to be there while he made an ass of himself, it didn't help much.
He made a wordless appeal to Mrs. Chan, and got only a 'you can do this, I know you can' look in return. Sometimes he appreciated her faith in him. Right now, not so much. Still, he had enough of a warrior's heart to not abandon his post even though he had no idea how to defend it, so he prayed for help finding the right words, took a deep breath, and plunged in. "Renzo, God made men and women differently." One of the guards lost control enough to snicker. Harvey shot him a warning look, as did the other guard. Harvey resumed, "Men and women are equal, but they're different, and God gave men the duty of giving women extra respect, and protection when they need it."
He was so intent on making the explanation adequate while avoiding the subject of sex, that he made it a few more words before he got gobsmacked by what he'd said. He sat silent and still, his mind screaming "the duty of giving women protection when they need it" while flashing images of his murdered wife.
-
Renzo didn't understand what was happening, but he tried to look like he trusted them, as government representatives, to be doing what was best. It was hard, though, when the pilot, who'd been talking to him, froze up like that. Whatever could that mean?
The nurse started to roll the pilot out of the room, but one of the guards shook his head, waved her to a stop, and sat where he was facing Renzo but could watch the pilot.
"Let's back up and try this again," the guard said to Renzo, gently. "You've been introduced to a number of people since you got here, and some of it was while you weren't coherent, so let's start there, with a refresher. I'm Joel Johnson. You need to call me Mr. Johnson for now. That's Trevin Lexington. Mr. Lexington to you. That's Nurse Chan. You can call her Mrs. Chan or Nurse Chan. That's Harvey Davis, Mr. Davis to you. What he was trying to explain is that men are made to be defenders of women and children. Sometimes we can be trained out of that, like most men are topside. Sometimes we can get so self-centered that we ignore our duty. But none of that changes the fact that one of the primary roles of a man is to protect women. That doesn't mean we can always succeed, of course. For example, that cattle herder who lived across the river here, she died recently, and we all feel bad about that, even though she wasn't someone in our community."
Renzo's heart nearly beat out of his chest. His head spun. They knew she was dead? How? He'd sent her body away. No one had asked about her, so he hadn't been able to suggest that wolves had carted her off. They shouldn't think she was dead. There was no evidence for it.
He saw Mr. Johnson see his confusion, and nearly threw himself at the man's feet. Perhaps he would be forgiven if he confessed to taking care of her and promised to never do anything like that again without having been given the duty?
Another thought struck him. Perhaps they thought Julia had deserted, and wanted to see if he'd confirm that for them? It was a horrible thought. She hadn't deserted. She'd been a good cattle herder. She had tried to live, so she could continue to be a good cattle herder.
Suddenly nothing in the world was as important as defending her good name. "She did not desert, if that is what you are thinking," he flung out, recklessly. "She was injured by wolves, and I got her away from the wolves and took care of her, but she died. She would still be a good cattle herder, if it was not for the wolves!"
He wasn't sure what they were thinking. He couldn't decipher their looks, or their body language.
He realized that he no longer cared what they thought. Furthermore, he didn't care what they did to him. He had to say it. "She only had a bow and arrows, and she couldn't get to those in time. If I had been there, I could have saved her with my gun. You should have assigned us to work together."
There. He'd said it. They would see to it that he died now, like they'd already ordered him to die. But it didn't matter. He had told them the truth. He'd done it in defense of Julia. They might not really believe that men were supposed to defend women, they might just be saying it as a ruse  but he knew it to be true. He knew it. And it was worth dying for.

<[44]>

Anthony Davis was trying to concentrate on his studies, but the old man serving as volunteer church secretary for the day knocked on his door anyway, and stuck his head in. "Pastor, I think you should see this guy," he said.
"What's up?"
"I don't know. The man won't tell me anything, but he has me convinced it's serious."
"Send him in," Anthony said.
To his surprise, Trevin Lexington walked in, in uniform, wearing the badge that indicated he was on duty. Anthony's eyes involuntarily looked for another person, as was usual in notifications of a death.
"No one's dead," Trevin said, reading the pastor's reaction correctly. "Not physically, at least. Not on my beat, anyhow."
The church secretary seemed willing to hover just outside the door, so Trevin reached for the door to close it. The man took the hint, and closed himself out of the room.
Anthony went to greet his guest with a handshake. "Hello, Trevin. Welcome. What can I do for you?"
"Nurse Chan sent me to get you for Harvey. She thinks he's having a spiritual crisis over remembering his wife and kids getting killed. I agree he's having a meltdown, and I agree about what's caused it, but I think she's wrong about what's going on. As much to the point, I have three, count 'em three, other people in the same room who could probably use your help at least as much as he does. I'll keep it brief, but I'm going to sit, if you don't mind?"
"I think we'd better, considering," Anthony said.
They got positioned in comfortable chairs away from the desk, and Anthony waited patiently for Trevin to begin.
"Well, this is awkward, isn't it?" Trevin said with something close to a laugh in his voice. "I think you should know what's going on, but I don't like to talk about people behind their backs. What to say? What to say?"
"When in doubt, pray first," Anthony said.
Right on cue, Trevin came back with, "Or even when not in doubt."
"I stand corrected," Anthony said.
Trevin smiled. It was an old routine, this was, between the two of them. They bowed their heads and prayed together, then sat back in their chairs.
"Long story short," Trevin said, "Joel Johnson and I are watching the new prisoner, Renzo, who's been moved in with your brother so Nurse Chan can attend to the both of them. That's the official explanation. The unofficial reason is that Chan and some of the rest of us are determined to keep Renzo out of the sphere of influence of the guards who undercut all the Christians when it came to Gills. I'm not saying they set out to keep him from converting, but it's pretty obvious they're happy he's a fellow scoffer. For someone of his background, that's deadly. So, we've arranged to have Renzo quartered with Harvey. Oh, officially, another reason he's there is that it's thought to be a good idea to give Harvey the responsibility of helping to watch a foundling."
"Is it?"
"Yes, actually. I think it is. I think it's been good for both of them. But we've hit a bump in the road. Renzo, like most males topside around here, has been quarantined from females his whole life, and like most male foundlings, he's finding that working with a woman has its own, unique distractions, that he has no idea how to deal with."
"What did he do?"
"So far, nothing more than sink into an unconscious leer. But Harvey took it upon himself to explain that this society prohibits leers, and the conversation turned to how men and women are different, and Harvey was trying to explain that men have a primary duty to protect women. Right after that he got gummed up with guilt."
"And you and the nurse are in disagreement on how to handle it?"
"I couldn't tell you. We haven't discussed it. But I got the feeling that she thinks Harvey's struggling with his faith, and I have the impression that he's struggling with his shortcomings as a puny, normal human being in a big, bad ugly world with evil running around in it. There's a bit of difference. But here's the thing. Joel got talking about the cattle herder, and how the men around here feel bad that she got killed on our watch, and Renzo surprised the stuffing out of us by rising to her defense and saying she got wounded by wolves and died even though he took care of her, and accusing us of being responsible for her death because we didn't assign them to work together so he could protect her."
"He still thinks we're tied to the topside government?"
"Seems so. And he doesn't think we're all-wise anymore, and doesn't care who knows it." He grinned. "A promising lad, our friend Renzo."
"So, the three people messed up as bad or worse than Harvey, in your mind, are?"
"We found out that Joel's been feeling guilty about the cattle herder's death, on the assumption that on one of their topside snoop-fests he and Charbonneau might have accidentally made her a target of government suspicion. Theoretically, confirming that she was killed by wolves would cure him of that, especially after we found out she had someone tenderly taking care of her during her last days, but you know how men can be. He's feeling worse about it, logic be hanged. Meanwhile, Renzo, who has seeds of a good conscience but has been badly misshapen morally, is feeling terrible that he didn't save Julia somehow, but he's not coming to healthy conclusions, all the more so because now he has it in his head that Joel was spying on his beloved. Meanwhile, Nurse Chan is acting oddly, which makes me think she's got some massive hidden guilt that's pulled out a bulldozer and aimed itself at her. Or, I could be a drama queen, imagining all this." He shrugged. "At any rate, Nurse asked me to come get you to talk to Harvey before he goes tee-totally insane. I don't think he's in any danger of going nuts  I'd bet he's going fully sane, finally, if you ask me  but we both agreed it would be good to have a chaplain on hand, and you're the poor chap in office right now, so here I am."
"Oh, joy," Anthony said, playing along.
Trevin stood. "For what it's worth, I'm not going to be the least surprised if Harvey and Joel are solidly back on their feet before we get there, and that they might even have Renzo under their wings, and possibly even have him at the foot of the cross."
"Anything's possible," Anthony said.
"With God, anything is possible," Trevin said.
"I stand corrected," Anthony said.
"You know," Trevin said, "We probably ought to be more careful about our little 'I stand corrected' routines. I enjoy them, but someday some poor soul is going to wonder about trusting a pastor who seems to need correcting all the time."
"I don't remember. Have we ever joked like this when anybody else was in earshot?"
Trevin smiled. "I don't think so, but you know it's starting to become a habit. Habits can get a person into a lot of trouble."
"They can also keep a person out of trouble, if they're good habits."
"I stand corrected," Trevin said.
"That's my line," Anthony joked.
Trevin smiled, and escorted Anthony out the door.
"I'm going over to see Harvey. I could be a while," Anthony told the church secretary. "All the more so because I have some other visits to make while I'm over there," he added, after the secretary got an 'oh, your poor brother' look on his face. The pastor was rewarded (if you could call it that) with the secretary giving him a look which translated into, 'Oh, I get it. Your brother is a cover story.'
Anthony thought about trying to clarify, without getting into specifics, but decided to leave bad enough alone.
He and Trevin hadn't made it far when a young woman, running after them as fast as she could, yelled at them to stop. They stopped and turned around. The woman ran up and grabbed the pastor by the arm.
"Oh, Pastor. Come! Evelyn Alcorn was over at the Harrisons' with a bunch of us mothers and kids, and she choked to death on some food, in front of all the kids and everything. And Sandra Wister's trying to be helpful, which is scaring the kids, just to make it that much worse."
"I guess you'll have to do without me for a while yet," Anthony told Trevin, as he let the woman lead him along at a fast walk, back the way they'd come.
"Women and children first. Always," Trevin responded, keeping pace with them. "But I think I should come along and confirm a few things, and pull Auntie Sandra off, and then get word to Lt. Ott and Evelyn's husband. I'm not sure I have it straight. Is she married to Adrian or Nando?"
"Adrian," the young woman and Anthony said at the same time.
"All right. He was out topside, snooping with Charbonneau, last I heard. But let's not tell the family that, OK? He might be safely underground by now anyhow," Trevin said. "I'm just warning the pastor that it might take a while to locate him, that's all. I don't want you fretting if he isn't here in 40 minutes flat, so to speak. Oh, I'm assuming you'll want me for notification duty? Once we have proper confirmation?"
"Yes, thank you," Anthony said.
A teen boy came charging toward them, distress written all over his face and frame.
"Whoa, there, Scott," Trevin said. The boy didn't seem to hear him. Trevin got hold of him and pulled him to a stop. "I take it you're off to get Mr. Alcorn?" he said.
The boy nodded.
"All right. I'll go with you. But I'm required, in situations like this, to personally check some facts first, so I don't spread rumors around. It's not that I don't trust you, or that I don't trust what Mrs. Carter has said, you understand. In this case, in fact, I'm going to be mighty surprised if I find anything contrary to what you think you know, or contrary to what Mrs. Carter has told us already. But I still need to check, so you come with us for now. It won't take long," Trevin said.
"I'm not sure I should," the boy said. "Mom told me to go get Mr. Alcorn."
"It's all right, Scott. Come with us. In cases like this, it's better to take a few minutes to make sure everything's lined up at this end, before sending for next of kin," Anthony said. "Besides, if you ran over by yourself, you'd have to work your way through the chain of command. Mr. Lexington is high enough up he can leapfrog to where he needs to go, and he's probably who would be assigned the duty, anyhow. Come on, now."
The four of them got to the Harrison home in good time. The scene there was confused, sad, and contentious. Sandra Wister, gray haired and stout, had a struggling child in each elderly fist. She was cooing at them, while people around her were pathetically begging her to let the kids go.
"Sandra, let them go," Trevin said, in a voice of quiet but confident authority that cut through the chaos like laser.
She looked over to confirm who'd talked to her. "Oh, but I'm helping," she said.
"No. You're not. The words might be more or less all right, but the body language is all wrong. Let them go or I'm going to arrest you and have you locked up."
Jaws dropped all around the room.
To everyone's surprise, she complied.
Released from her clutches, the children ran for comfort in more motherly arms.
"Well, if the kids need my help and don't get it, let it be on your head," she sniffed at Trevin.
"Gladly," he replied. "I can't stick around, so I'm going to issue a temporary restraining order. Pastor, if she grabs anyone under the age of discretion, have some of the ladies haul her down to the lockup. Or send for the sentries. Just make sure she gets locked up if she won't back off, because there's no reason to make a bad situation worse, if we don't have to."
"Young man, I do not like it when you have me locked up," Sandra said, sternly.
"In that case, stop being criminally intrusive," he said. "Now leave me alone. I need to get over to Lt. Ott with a report, and notify next of kin, and I've got to get the info gathered."
She started to protest, but gave it up when Trevin shot her a look to say he wasn't joking.
"He's actually had you locked up for being a busybody?" someone asked her.
"Five times! And his brothers have done it, too. They're incorrigible, the lot of them," Sandra said, with feeling. She seemed confused by the reaction of people around her, but salved her self-righteousness by flouncing off, her enormous frame quivering with indignation.
"If I get to heaven, I just might ask God how he wanted me to deal with maiden aunts. I'm pretty sure I haven't figured it out yet," Trevin said as an aside to Anthony.
Anthony gave him a men-sharing-the-same-foxhole look, and then they split up, doing what they needed to do, according to their separate duties.
Trevin was thorough, but quick. When he had what he needed, he asked Scott's mom if he could borrow the young man to help him. He didn't need the help, but he didn't want to have it on his head that he'd undercut a young man who'd been trying to step up and do a man's job. It took a bit of persuading on his part, because Scott's mom was by now thinking that perhaps she should just let the nice, grown man, all dressed up in a uniform and on duty, do the job himself, while she kept her precious boy close to her during her time of distress. Trevin wasn't having any of it, though, and Anthony had his back, so soon Trevin and Scott were off on their doleful mission.
Partway across, Trevin had a hunch that he might have made a mistake, or at least something akin to a mistake.
"Hold up a minute, Scott, I need to fix my boot. While I'm at it, I'm going to give my feet a quick airing, so I won't get blisters," he said. He sat on the ground and yanked his boots and socks off, and suggested the boy do the same. As he'd guessed, the boy's feet were tender looking. That meshed with his labored breathing. The poor lad was simply not used to taking even short hikes, and here he was, on a several mile jaunt. 
There was no doubt in Trevin's mind that Scott's mom would like for him to send the child back now, and spare him the ordeal, especially since there were men around to take over for him, and all the more so because it was a sadness-laced task.
"How old are you, Scott? Sixteen?" Trevin asked.
"Nearly that, sir."
"How nearly?"
"I'm fourteen, sir."
"You aren't much used to taking hikes, are you?"
"No, sir. If I'm holding you up, I'm sorry. You could go on without me, if it's what's right for Mr. Alcorn, sir."
Trevin's heart got bigger than he'd planned for it to do. "I doubt it will come to that. I'm sure you can do this, Scott," he said.
The boy gave him a look that clearly said, "Really?"
"Let's get our shoes back on, and get going," Trevin said. "The Alcorn kids are in good hands, but they'll be wanting their daddy in good order."
Scott got a look of grim determination on his face, and hustled his shoes back on. But there was an overlay of something else, fresh pain that Trevin wasn't sure how to interpret. When they got walking again, he said, "You and Mr. Alcorn have been friends a while, haven't you?"
"Yes, sir. He's friends with my whole family."
"Yeah, but you and he do stuff together, build stuff, fix things, right?"
"Yes, sir."
"I don't think I've seen your dad in a while. Did he get transferred, or are our schedules just way off each other?"
"He's at Nyssatun, sir."
Trevin turned that over in his head. It didn't make sense that a man would move to a nearby civilian community but not take his family with him, all the more so since Nyssatun was one of those isolated communities that centered its existence on making sure there were people held in reserve should everybody else in the underground get wiped out.
The boy's face turned red. "You might not have heard, because people are trying to be nice about it, but Dad moved there to be with his girlfriend."
"I'm sorry. Dads aren't supposed to do stuff like that, but sometimes some of them do inexcusable things. Moms, too. Let's forget about it for now, and concentrate on helping Mr. Alcorn, shall we?"
"Yes, sir."
"Unless you want to talk about your dad."
"No, sir. I'd rather not."
"OK, but one more thing, just so you don't get blindsided. It's against the law for a man to desert his responsibilities. There's a very real chance your dad could spend time in jail before this is all over."
"I know. I think that's why Mom's trying to pretend it's not happening."
"For what it's worth, I have relatives who have spent time in jail."
Scott smiled. "Is Miss Wister really your aunt?"
"I'm afraid so. And I wasn't thinking about her. I was thinking of the cousins who have indulged in robbery, mugging, that sort of thing. It's an embarrassing family to come from, mine is, except for my brothers. The good news is, down here people let you rise above your relatives. Most people, anyway. Some people won't. I gave up worrying about them, though. There's no point to it."
Scott gave him his "really?" look.
"Yes, really," Trevin said. He cocked his head. He put his finger to his lips and listened.
Footsteps.
"We have company," he said. "Let me do the talking, if we do any talking."
This section of tunnel was lopsidedly lit by electric lights powered by waterflow generators hidden deep down in the Snake River. The shadow of the man came around the bend before the man did. Trevin was still thinking it-can't-be when Adrian Alcorn came into view. Everything in his body language said he was just a man walking home after a decent day's work, with no clue that anything was wrong, until he saw Scott, and Scott nearly panicked.
"Here, now, Lexington, what's going on? Scott's not in any trouble, is he?" Adrian said. His tone of voice and body language conveyed that he'd defend the boy if the boy needed defending.
Trevin shook his head. "We were coming to get you. We have bad news. There's been an accident. It's Evelyn. I'm sorry."
Adrian stood still, letting the first round of shock hit. He braced himself and looked Trevin in the eye to get the rest of it.
"Your kids are at the Harrisons, with half the moms in town forming a protective fortress around them. Chaplain Davis is there, too. But the kids need to see you, to know you're all right."
Adrian nodded. He put a hand on the wall, to steady himself. He knew enough to know that the gathering probably wouldn't be at a private home if his wife was in the hospital. Besides, this was Trevin Lexington talking to him, the man who usually did death notifications around here.
"Adrian, I regret to inform you that your wife is dead," Trevin said, to confirm the news.
Despite having braced for the worst, Adrian stepped backward, shaking his head and groaning, before he caught himself. He seemed to be holding himself together mostly for Scott's sake.
Trevin looked at how Scott was taking all this, and how the boy and the bereaved man were relating to one another. He felt he was the odd man out, and should take himself out of the picture for now. "The pastor can fill you in on details, when you're ready for them. I'll go tell Ott  "
"What happened?" Adrian demanded.
"She choked on some food, and no one could get it cleared in time," Trevin said.
"Oh, it was worse than that," Scott wailed. "She and some of the other women were throwing food into the air and catching it in their mouths and Douggy reminded them that we're not supposed to do that because it's not safe, and she laughed and said that it was OK for grownups to do it, and she did it again and that's when she choked, right after bragging about being good at it!"
Adrian looked dully at Trevin.
"No one told me that, but Scott was there. He'd know. And I guess pretty much everybody else there would know, including your kids, so it's just as well we know now. But I am sorry," Trevin said. He changed his mind about sending the two of them back together while he went on to tell Lt. Ott. "Let's get walking that direction, shall we? After you convince your kids they still have a daddy who loves them, you can go somewhere and yell, or pound holes in doors, or fall down on the ground and writhe, or go half unconscious for five hours  whatever it is you need to do  but let's see if we can't all hold together long enough for you to tell the kids it's all going to be all right somehow."
"Oh, Mr. Alcorn, I'm so sorry I said that," Scott whimpered. "I don't know why I did that. I'm so sorry."
Adrian managed a faint smile. He put a hand on the boy's shoulder. "No, that's all right. I'd rather hear it now, than have somebody hit me with it while I'm there trying to talk to my kids. It's all right." He turned to look Trevin in the eye, searching for something.
"I'm a few years ahead of you on this road, if that's what you're wondering," Trevin said. "Only, in my case, Judith is missing in action, and declared dead. We have reason to think she's dead, but we don't know for sure. I won't lie to you. Losing a wife is savage-tough, and once the initial shock wears off, it's going to be worse than you can imagine. But hang in there. You'll make it."
There were more footsteps. Trevin heard them first, but Adrian  used to being in harm's way  noticed Trevin noticing something, and keyed in. He pulled himself together as well as he could.
Three more servicemen were walking home. They were all friends with Adrian. They were all experienced with getting bad news, and seeing other men get bad news, but they weren't used to having bad news delivered to them in the tunnel, and it had been a long, long time since any of them had dealt with really bad news about a close friend's wife or child. In short order, they were nearly as shocked as Adrian and Scott, but fiercely determined to help a buddy get home to his kids. Trevin handed Adrian and Scott off to them, and headed to Lt. Ott's office.
The door was open. Ott was at his desk. Trevin knocked lightly to get his attention. "Hi, boss. So far I've had a horrible, no-good, rotten, terrible day that has refused to honor any plan assigned to it. On top of that, I have a death to report. How's your day going?"
"It was going pretty good until you showed up. Come in, close the door, and sit down."

<[45]>

Renzo had been prepared to die after complaining that Julia hadn't been given proper protection. In some ways, he had hoped to die, harboring as he did the fond fantasy that it would simply end a life that had become too confusing to navigate. Instead, he'd been confronted with more confusion. The people around him had partway melted  there was no other way he could describe it  and had rallied to comfort and reassure him. They also seemed pained.
In the recesses of his mind, Renzo remembered a caretaker in the KinderFormer. He tried to shut the memory out, like a good citizen should, but it clawed its way to the forefront. There had been a man who had given the children hugs in greeting, and had lavished tenderness on them when they got hurt. He hadn't lasted long. Renzo's mind did a few somersaults. There was more than one face to his memory. All of them were gentle, smiling, except when they were firm, which happened when he misbehaved. But even when they were firm, there was concern for him written into everything they said and did, and usually there was patience, too. By contrast, the other caretakers were harsh, scornful, quick to anger, violent, and prone to yelling that they wouldn't tolerate any child doing anything that might make them look bad.
The gentle ones had never lasted long. The scornful ones had gloated over their dismissals, while ordering the children to forget them. Renzo, like his fellow students, had learned to block thoughts that got him into trouble, and eventually he had forgotten the gentle ones. Until now.
He fought a sense of terror. He'd been going a little mad lately, at least off and on. Perhaps he had gone totally mad, and was surrounded by phantoms conjured up from forbidden memories? Government said it was madness to not strictly obey its directions. It was true, then  all too terrifyingly true, in ways he had never imagined.
Or was it?
It was too much to deal with, so he went off to a corner to sleep for a while.
He'd been sleeping in a corner when the demons had snatched him from the real world and hauled him to this one. When he remembered that, he woke up, but he was too overwhelmed to stay awake. He slept again, fitfully at first, and then deeply, and then well, with a curious sense of safety, and something like gratitude to his guards, for reminding him of the gentle ones. He also rather liked it that no one had stopped him from crawling into the corner, proclaiming it not a proper place to sleep. It was, he thought, a perfectly proper place if you felt like crawling into a corner.
He dreamed of Julia's hidey hole, and wept that he hadn't known about it when she was alive. Nurse Chan came to him then, and held his hand until he was calm again, and then she left him to his dreams.
Voices broke into the dreams, and the sound of a door closing. Renzo woke, but pretended to be asleep, so no one would bother him.
"Hey, Garrity, I hope it's been more fun filling in for me than being me today." The voice was Mr. Lexington's.
"It's been dull, but I can handle it. Do you guys need me now that the original's back?"
"No, we've got it. Thanks," Mr. Johnson said. There were footsteps, the door opened and closed, and someone was gone, presumably Mr. Garrity, who had been called in after Mr. Lexington had been sent away.
"You were gone a while," Nurse Chan said.
"Tell me about it," Mr. Lexington said.
"Pastor's not with you?" Nurse Chan said.
"He'll be a while. There's been a death over at town. Anybody here know the Adrian Alcorn family?" Mr. Lexington said.
There were gasps, moans, murmurs.
"I hate to tell you this, but Adrian's wife died in a freak accident," Mr. Lexington said.
More than one person asked what happened.
There was a pause.
"All right, I hate to say it, but some of the women were horsing around and she choked on some food, in front of most of her women friends and a horde of children, no less."
There was a chorus of oh-no, from alto to bass.
"Does Adrian know yet?" a man asked. The voice was oddly pinched and husky. Renzo couldn't tell if it was Mr. Johnson or Mr. Davis.
"Would I be telling you if he didn't?" Mr. Lexington said. "Sorry. Scratch that. Yeah, he knows."
"You got notification duty?" Nurse Chan asked.
"Yeah," Mr. Lexington said. He sounded tired, and distracted.
"I'm sorry," Nurse Chan said.
"Don't be. I signed up for it," Mr. Lexington said, with renewed vigor. "Anyway," he said, more softly, "I told Anthony that we were big boys and girls over here, who'd been walking with the Lord a while, and we'd take care of each other while he looked after the women and kids over there, thank you very much."
"I'm glad you did," Mr. Davis said.
"Careful there, Harvey. Your brother is my prayer partner and main confessor, and I might just unleash confessions on you, if you act enough like him," Mr. Lexington said.
"Oh, like what?" Mr. Johnson said.
"Oh, let's not  " Nurse Chan started.
"Not what?" Mr. Lexington said. "Confess our sins to one another? Aren't we all Christians here, except for the poor, exhausted, shell shocked lad in the corner, who shows promise of becoming one? You can leave the room if you want, but I'm not going to carry this garbage around, and Anthony's not here to take the blows, so you guys are it."
"There's no point trying to stop him. He always gets this way after he does a death notification," Mr. Johnson said.
"Do I?" Mr. Lexington asked.
"Every one that I've been around for, at least," Mr. Johnson said. "That's all right. I can take it. And have I ever repeated any of it to anybody? Ever?" Mr. Johnson said.
"That does it. Do I haul Joel into the next room, or will you all help me out?" Mr. Lexington said.
There weren't any footsteps.
"All right, I won't go into gory details, but today I harbored murder in my heart toward Aunt Sandra. Then, when I met Adrian, I didn't pray with him. When I turned him over to friends to convey him home, I didn't pray with them, either, or offer any words of spiritual consolation. I don't mean the chirpy, 'everything happens for a reason' or 'God's timing is perfect' stuff. When the Bible says to mourn with those who mourn, I'm sure it means it. Where Proverbs describes people who impose cheerfulness on a sad person, it's not kind to the 'let's all be happy, no matter what' folks. And thank God for that. But I had plenty of opportunity to just mention that I know that God will be beside him even through the worst of it, and I didn't. I didn't tell him he could come talk to me if he needed to, either. I told him I lost a wife, too, and left it at that. Maybe that's good enough. But it doesn't feel like it."
There was a heavy pause. Renzo imitated a sleeping man rolling over, and snuck a peek through cloaked eyes. Mr. Davis was looking at Mr. Lexington in a funny way. Afraid of getting caught, Renzo shut his eyes again, being careful not to shut them too tight, because that was a good way to get caught, too.
"Yes, Harvey, I'm officially a widower, too," Mr. Lexington said. "But I'm in no-man's-land about it. Judith is missing in action. She's declared dead. She's almost certainly dead. But there's the wee, tiniest bit of a chance that she became some vile bureaucrat's human pet instead. So if you ever wonder why I'm not so dead set against a hot war as some folks, that's part of the reason. Under present conditions, we can't go running around topside, busting into the palaces of the elite, looking for possibly kidnapped women. I consider that to be a shame. Silly me. You know, I'd openly argue with them regarding the wrongness of owning people, if discussion was still allowed. I'd pursue legal action, if it was available. But if the only options left to honest men are either to try to find some way around those in power, or to help bust up their precious hold on power, count me in for some justifiable busting up action if there's an opening," Mr. Lexington said.
"You have company," Mr. Johnson said.
"I know. And I don't mean that I'd go around stirring up trouble, hoping for war instead of the choppy stalemate we have now. Even if I got tempted, there are kids like those I dealt with today to hold me back. What they've got now is bad, but at least they're relatively safe. Assuming we can keep them from starving to death."
"What's that mean?" Mr. Davis asked.
"It means, dear Mr. Convalescent, that the supply team hasn't shown up as expected. Ott sent a scout to see what's holding things up, and the scout hasn't come back yet. For all we know, we're cut off from the rest of civilization, stuck with what we have in storage, which is enough for about six months, if I understand right, plus what little we can grow in hidden places, plus whatever we can scrounge from the arid wilderness this part of the world has become since the topside government in all its idiocy destroyed the irrigation systems, and declared war on independent farmers. So I'm not suggesting we have an immediate emergency; just the possibility of a slow motion one, which is almost worse."
"Speaking of food, did you get dinner?" Nurse Chan asked.
"No, and I'm hungry. What's left over? Anything?" Mr. Lexington asked.
"We didn't know we should be rationing, so we let Joel fix his famous manly venison burgers, on Nurse Chan's famous hamburger buns. There's even pickles and mustard to put on it. We saved you two burgers. If we'd been thinking clearly, we might have saved you three," Mr. Davis said.
Renzo heard scuffling, as chairs moved and people walked around.
"Speaking of food, did I ever tell you the good news from Weisertun?" Mr. Johnson asked.
There were murmurs of 'no' and 'what' mixed together.
"My brother and his crews finally got some vineyards that are bearing quite a few grapes. It's the craziest set up you've ever seen, because they had to try to make it look like wild grapes somehow got growing here and there. But it's apparently worked. What they heard  back when we were still getting reports  is that one of the topside pilots noticed it on a supply run, and reported it, and so now Greenley is getting much praise for creating an environment where grapes grow of their own accord in semi-desert areas. Never mind that the vines are older than Dear Leader's reign. They were found on his watch, so of course he gets the credit."
"You'd think people would catch on to that kind of nonsense after a while," Nurse Chan said.
"I think a lot of people do, actually," Mr. Johnson said. "They're just afraid to admit it."
"And who can blame them?" Mr. Lexington said. "I mean, look at Harvey here. He was only dunked in the system for a few years, but I'll bet he could tell us boatloads of horror stories of what happened to people he knew who got just a wee bit out of alignment."
Harvey didn't volunteer any examples.
"Changing the subject a bit, does anyone know if Topside has replaced the cattle herder yet?" Mr. Lexington said.
"No, they haven't," Mr. Johnson said.
"Or the birdwatcher?" Mr. Lexington said.
"No. That post is empty, too, since we rescued Renzo from it," Mr. Johnson said.
"Do we know why they seem to be abandoning the area?" Nurse Chan said.
"The best guess is that Urbanizers have gone loco again, like they've tended to do every couple or three decades since The Smolder began, but no, we don't know. We're hoping they've forgotten that those posts were set up there primarily to protect the bridge. Now that the roads are in disrepair, it's not as useful as it used to be, and of course Topside is thick with helicopters, and we have boats, and the makings of ferries, and even a few helicopters of our own. But a bridge over a big, bad river like the Snake is nothing to sneeze at, for all that."
In the corner, Renzo fought to lie very still. He wished he still had his back to the others  he'd learned very young to sleep with his face away from people, to give them less to see that they might use to betray him. He dreaded to think what might happen to him now, should they notice that he was awake, and wonder how many secrets he'd heard.
"Anybody else feel like washing himself out with a hymn?" Mr. Johnson asked.
"I'm game," Mr. Lexington said. "Do you have something specific in mind?"
In answer, someone  presumably Mr. Johnson, but Renzo had no idea how to square singing voices with speaking voices  began to sing "Soli Deo Gloria" and others joined in, softly.
Renzo doubted both his ears and his sanity. Could they have really said what was written on the contraband note he'd found along with the contraband photographs, hidden behind the portrait of Greenley the Third?
Almost as if in answer, they sang, "To God alone be glory, to Him your praises sing, Soli Deo Gloria."
They stopped abruptly. A few thudding heartbeats later, Renzo realized that he'd shot to a sitting position and was staring at them, and they were staring back.
"Whew, that must have been some nightmare," Mr. Johnson said.
Renzo had never felt so utterly defeated in his life, not even when they took his gun and his name away, not even when Julia died. Every defeat before now seemed like a foundation stone on which this one was built. They knew. They knew. It was impossible that they knew, but they knew. The logical assumption was that they'd known all along. He heard himself whimpering, and tried to stop, but the whimpering had a will of its own. "How did you find out? I was so careful. I burned everything. How did you find out? I was so careful. I burned everything. How? How? How?"
"Does anyone know what he's talking about?" Mr. Davis asked.
His companions shook their heads.
"Don't play with me! Kill me if you want. I can't stop you. But don't play with me!" Renzo screeched, begging for the torment to be cut short. 
"Renzo, I don't expect you to understand this, but not only are we not going to kill you, we aren't planning on doing anything other than welcoming you into our merry band of renegades," Mr. Lexington said. "Or you can ask to be transferred to another underground community, if you'd like to see if you can find neighbors more to your liking. More precisely, once you're off probation, you can ask to be transferred, unless major incompatibilities arise in the meantime."
Confused and desperate, Renzo turned to Mr. Davis. He hadn't dared look the man in the eye, because of the pilot brand. He was marked as special, as high, too high for the likes of Renzo. But now he needed to hear from the highest ranked man in the room.
Mr. Davis had an odd look on his face. It was gentle, reassuring, and sad at the same time. "Renzo," he said, "I know you've been taught that everyone belongs to the government, but the fact is that we don't. It's not an easy life, having to stay out of sight. But we'd rather be free men with a tough life, than be treated like manufactured cogs in some madman's idea of a societal machine. More to the point, we won't worship the state, instead of God."
Renzo covered his ears and shut his eyes and sang loyalty songs to Greenley the Third. What his guards did, he had no idea, other than they left him alone, which surprised him. As far as he knew, they should have either praised him for a proper response, or kicked him until he was unconscious or dead. He knew those were the primary options. He'd been taught that, and shown that; first in the KinderFormer, and then at the Pac-Nor Progressive training camp. He'd even helped kick other breed members to death, for suspected disloyalty. He scrunched his eyes tighter, and sang more enthusiastically. Still, no contact. His curiosity got the better of him. He stopped singing, and listened. He heard nothing. He gave up and looked. His guards, the nurse, and the pilot in the wheeled chair were sitting at the table. They were looking at him. They all looked weary.
"I think what I hate most about the Topside educational system just now is that I have yet to find any evidence that it has ever turned out a bona fide adult human being," Mr. Johnson said.
"Can't help you there," Mr. Lexington said.
"Stop it, guys," Nurse Chan said.
"Yes, ma'am," they said back.
Nurse Chan prepared a syringe, and came at Renzo. He presumed she was going to euthanize him. Despite the horror of his present conditions, he found that he wouldn't  couldn't  just take the fatal dose willingly. He might be going down, but he'd take as many of these cruel officials with him as he could.
His guards proved to have better reflexes than he might have guessed, given their customary laid back manner. They not only kept him from strangling the nurse, they got him pinned to the ground handily, and held him while she gave him a shot.
"This is just a sedative, Renzo," she said. "You'll be all right."
His last thought before he slipped into unconsciousness was that he hated her for lying to him like that.

<[46]>

"You're kidding me, right?" Lt. Ott said to the two men sitting across his desk from him.
"No, sir. We're not," Joel Johnson said. "We've talked it over, and think it would be a good idea, for several reasons. Charbonneau likes it, too, and would like to join us, only he thinks he needs to stick around here just now, and he's probably right about that. But Chaplain Davis said he'd be glad to make a third, if you don't think Lexington here and I can handle it."
"Do I want to know how many other people know about this harebrained scheme?" Ott asked.
"Is there some way of answering that without conceding it to be a harebrained scheme, sir?" Trevin Lexington asked.
"Don't dodge. I'm in no mood for it," Ott said.
"Harvey Davis and Nurse Chan know, sir. Davis thinks it's a good idea, and is sick that he's not physically up to helping. Nurse Chan is concerned that Davis is feeling so frustrated. If this wasn't something of a war zone, we'd like to get together a group of volunteers to cart him along, just to get him out and doing something, but, well, of course that would be insane given present conditions topside," Joel said.
"Poor choice of words there, old sport," Trevin said, under his breath, in an aside to his friend and colleague (and, in this case, co-conspirator).
"What was that, Lexington?" Ott asked.
"He thought my choice of words was counterproductive, sir," Joel said. "Getting back to your question, I'm not sure who else might know. I didn't tell anyone else, and I don't think Lexington did" He looked at Trevin, who shook his head. "but there's been a lot of talk lately around here about how poorly we've done, overall, in assimilating topsiders after we capture them; and a lot of theorizing on how much of that is from people up there being warped almost past fixing, and how much is because maybe we're not all that smart about how we go about it. Not being able to fix the first part of the equation, people are having a grand time coming up with ideas on how to change the second part. So, there's every chance this idea's been introduced into the conversation."
"For that matter, sir, our idea incorporates some of the most popular propositions floating around these days," Trevin added.
"You do understand that we cannot afford to lose this guy?" Ott said. "I mean, you're not just risking your lives, but the lives of pretty much every Subterran in the region?"
"Yes, sir. We promise to shoot him if we have to. I don't think it will come to that, but we're not going to let him escape, if the idea gets into his cracked skull," Trevin said.
"Talk about a poor use of words," Joel said to him, sideways, under his breath.
"Give me a minute to think," Ott said.
To their credit, his visitors sank politely back in their chairs, sent their eyes elsewhere to give him relative privacy in which to think, and looked prepared to wait an hour, if it took that. Ott nearly laughed.
He turned the proposal over in his head a few times. It was risky. It was crazy.
He thought about calling in Charbonneau to get his input, or going over to talk to Harvey Davis. Charbonneau knew the countryside in question better than anybody. Davis had the most experience dealing with topsiders. But, in the end, it would still come down to how much he trusted the two men in his office. That, and how far he was willing to go out on a limb, now that he was more or less on his own, thanks to the new communications policies.
"All right. Go ahead. Just don't make me regret it," he said.
"Thank you, sir," the visitors said politely. They rose to their feet. He excused them. They walked with professional calm out the door, and otherwise gave every impression of being dignified, grown men, solemnly going about their duties. However, they misjudged his hearing. They hadn't quite made it out of earshot before they let loose with whoops. Ott suspected they were doing victory leaps and pumping their fists in the air. He smiled, shook his head, and started mentally working on how he'd explain this little experiment to his superiors if they caught wind of it before he knew whether it was a winner, a disaster, or a wash.

<[47]>

Joel and Trevin tried to contain themselves as they entered Billet 32, but didn't do a good job of it. They agreed to give it up. What was the point of not being excited, anyway?
"Hey, Renzo. Get your boots on. We talked the lieutenant into letting you go with us on an expedition!" Joel exclaimed.
Seeing Renzo react like he thought this was an underhanded way of announcing that he was about to be taken out for execution, Trevin said, "No, wait. Don't go jumping to wrong conclusions. Here's the deal. We have a lot of experience taking people from the world you know, and slowly getting them introduced to our world. We even have some success getting some people comfortable, after a while. My ancestors, for example. And Harvey's. And half of Nurse Chan's." He turned to the nurse. "I think I have that right. About half of your ancestors were antiserfs who were never under the government's yoke, and about half were serfs who got rescued, right?"
"Close enough," she said.
"So, anyway," Joel said, "We've had some success, but not a lot, and some of us have been thinking that that's because we're being stupid about how we go about it. Usually, we keep newcomers locked up, either in a cell or in a holding suite, with guards or minders of some sort, until they show signs of realizing that they really and truly are not in the society they left, and need to adjust. And then we slowly introduce them to the new ways. Eventually, either they adapt or they don't. Our thought is that it would be better to let foundlings see actual community life much sooner: all of it, not just sweet little bits we think will tilt their views in our favor. That way, when we're asking them to choose us over what they left, they actually have data that lets them make a reasonable choice."
"And we finally got permission to try it," Trevin said.
"And you're the poor person who gets to have us rookies try to show him around, and we figured that you might as well see what we do for a living, and right now that entails making a hazardous trip to a community down the valley, to talk some fear of righteousness into a scumbag," Joel said.
"Correction. We are going to find and confront a man who has been acting like a scumbag, and either we're going to talk some sense into him, or we're going to arrest him. We don't get to do this very often, but it can be rather satisfying, if you're of the law enforcement mentality," Trevin said.
"Of course, you won't be doing the talking, or arresting, or anything like that. But you'll get to take a trek in fresh air and sunshine, and meet some wonderful people, and see how we deal with difficult people, which is rather different from what you're used to," Joel said.
"Yeah. We don't take their name away, or withhold food and water, or kick them unconscious. None of that. Ever," Trevin said.
"That's not to say that we haven't had to shoot a person or two. And we had to promise the lieutenant that we'd shoot you if you tried to escape, so please don't try to escape, all right?" Joel said.
"Even then, we'd probably shoot to disable, not to kill, so don't go thinking you can commit suicide through us, all right? Come on. Daylight's burning, and we've got a long trip ahead of us. Boots, man. Boots!" Trevin said.
"Would you guys stop dancing around like little kids around a Christmas tree?" Nurse Chan begged.
Harvey laughed. "Oh, Renzo, I'm jealous. If I was better at getting around, I'd go along for the fun of it, if they'd let me," he said. "Go on. Have fun. And don't make them sorry that they're taking a chance on you."
That last bit seemed to worry Renzo.
"You'll be all right. Just do what they tell you. You can trust them," Harvey added.
Renzo, not seeing any way out of it, put his boots on, shouldered the pack they gave him, and headed out with his bizarrely joyful guards.

<[48]>

Lt. Ott hiked down the tunnel to where Leo Talent was overseeing the helicopter refurbishing project.
"Hey, Leo, how's it coming?" he asked.
"Isn't she beautiful?" Leo said, stepping back from the reassembled copter, and sweeping his hand to invite the boss to critique both the craft and the new paint job.
"She is beautiful, indeed," Ott said.
"The roof's ready, too," Leo said.
Ott looked up, and saw faint light coming through retractable camouflage cloth, where once there had been dirt and rock.
"Of course, we could use a bit more room in this room, to give her more air to rise with, but we're working on that," Leo said.
The men charged with making the large hole in the ground into a larger hole in the ground bent double to their work, all too willing to show off in front of the boss. Ott nodded his appreciation for their fine work ethic, and turned back to Leo.
Leo, who'd been talking and gesturing at theater-worthy level so that his crew could be in on the conversation, moved closer and spoke softly. "How's Gills doing? I hear he's trying to be agreeable?"
"Count him out as a pilot. I'm convinced he's being agreeable in hopes of getting in a good position to sabotage us. If he gets loose and gets close to this craft, shoot him."
"Yes, sir. How's Pilot Harvey doing?"
"Much better. He's even got fair use of his legs, and the doc is predicting a near total recovery in the long haul, but he's not strong enough to fly yet."
"Any chance he could fly if we had hand controls that took over for the foot controls?"
"I don't know. But is that even possible?"
"Possible, and done," Leo said, with a big grin. He showed his modifications to the boss.
Ott fought with himself, wanting to praise the work, but upset that Leo had done it in secret. It was nerve wracking enough to be in charge of helping set up a secret air force, without wondering how many of your craft were what you assumed they were.
Leo decided to move on to the next subject. "Any other helicopter pilots around here these days, sir?" he asked.
"No. And it's increasingly likely that the ones we had topside got assassinated, along with the meteorologists we had up there."
"Any better luck with fixed wing pilots, sir?"
"Nampatun had two at last report. Boisetun had three, along with one helicopter pilot. Weisertun has one, if you're willing to count a 72-year-old man with poor eyesight and bad arthritis."
"If you'd have told me a year ago that we'd have more aircraft than pilots, I never would have believed it."
"Well, let's just keep getting the aircraft ready, shall we? We've got men studying to be pilots. Some day we might figure out a way to give them some air time. Or maybe we can shift pilots in from elsewhere. Time will tell," Ott said.
He stepped back, to openly admire the reassembled, improved copter, brightly painted with the brave insignia of the Subterran armed forces of Western Northam. The insignia hadn't much seen the light of day in a couple of generations, so the bravery of it seemed almost a mockery  still, there was a sense that this generation was poised to break out of hiding.
"How many copters and planes do we have in our sector, all told?" Leo asked.
"I couldn't tell you," Ott answered. He shrugged. "Classified, you know," he said, apologetically.
Leo shrugged back. "Sorry I asked. I hate to put my boss on the spot."
"In that case, next time you think about changing an aircraft from one that I can point any standard issue pilot to, into one that needs specialty training to fly, you might ask first."
"Oh, sorry. Didn't think of that. I only thought about our only pilot needing hand controls. It won't happen again, sir."
"That's not to say I won't approve it. For that matter, if asked ahead of time, I most likely would have approved this, for the same reasons that made you think of doing it. But, on the whole, we're counting on having copters and fixed wings that anyone with standard training can fly. Now, I'm going to go back to my office and fix the files so they're all tidy, and so this bird is marked off as modified. Not to worry. This time. Keep her modified. We might need to use Davis before his legs are ready."
Leo pondered that. "Is that a feeling, or are we getting reports, sir?"
"A bit of both, Leo. Keep the men digging this room out."
"Yes, sir."
Ott left. The men who'd been respectfully keeping their distance (and showing off how hard they could work) put down their tools and swarmed around Leo. "How'd he like it? How'd he like it?" they clamored.
"He liked it fine, but could you clunkheads tell me one thing? Why didn't a single, blessed one of you point out to me that this sort of modification makes it so that a pilot who is used to a standard aircraft might get mucked up if he tried to fly this one?"
"But, Leo, you showed us how it could be flown either way," one of the quicker witted ones said in his own defense.
"Yeah, that's true. But if a guy flying it the standard way doesn't know about the modifications, he could turn off the foot controls, and not know what replaces them. I should've thought of that, but didn't, having Pilot Harvey on the brain. It would have been nice if someone without Pilot Harvey on the brain might've stuck up for the other pilots out there who might have to fly this baby someday."
"Hoo-eee, Lieutenant must've really chewed you out for it," one of the men said.
"Ott? Naw. He was nice about it. Not a hundred percent happy, but nice about it. What ails me is that I should have thought of it, and didn't. I hate it when I do that. For future reference, if any of you has a question about something I'm doing, ask, will you? I might answer, or I might not, but if you get me thinking, that's usually a good thing. Got that?"
Men nodded, with a little reluctance. All too many of them had tried to question Leo when he was in what they privately called Mad Inventor Mode. It had all too often been fruitless at best, and punishing at worst.
"Let's get back to work on getting this hole dug out, shall we? This bird might be able to get out of here as it is, but it's iffy. Real iffy. It's no good having a bird stuck in a hole," Leo said. He strode across to a tool rack, grabbed a pickax, and started hewing away at the nearest wall.
Beside the helicopter, a man asked, "Has Leo ever used a pickax before?"
"Doesn't much look like it," another man said.
"Anybody who wants to instruct him on proper technique, you go right ahead. As for me, I'll count myself grateful for any help we can get, and I'm going to go work on the other side of the room until his mood's better," another man said. He headed off, back to work.
"So, does anybody want to tell Leo that we could have used explosives to make this hole bigger, if someone had decided we needed it bigger before the helicopter parts got hauled in here and she got put back together?" another man said, to the remaining men.
"Be my guest, if you're that crazy," several men said. They laughed, and headed back to work.

<[49]>

Joel and Trevin called a halt at the base of a porthole. They sat on a handy bench, took off their boots to rest and air their feet, and rummaged through their packs, making sure they had what they thought they'd need, organized so they could reach necessities first. Renzo stood mutely by, watching.
"It's all right. You can sit down, too," Joel said. "And I'd advise taking off your boots and maybe your socks. We have a long hike ahead of us, and we might have to run now and then, or dive under shrubs. You might as well rest now, and get your feet dry and deloaded."
"For your information, 'deloaded' is a Joel-ism. It's not a standard word. You can use it, but not everyone will know what you mean, and if you don't use it in a joking manner they might think you're new to the language," Trevin said.
"It ought to be a word," Joel said.
"I agree with you, but the fact remains that it hasn't caught on as well as you'd like," Trevin retorted.
Renzo took off his pack, sat on a bench, and took off his boots and socks. He seemed just a little dazed, which both Joel and Trevin thought was pretty good, considering what they'd hauled him through already. The sight of bubbly children mixing with adults in the broader community, and getting hugs and kisses from their mommies, had nearly made him faint. People had been friendly, which had alarmed him. They'd been laughing and joking with one another, or speaking confidentially with friends. They'd been acting normal, in other words, which was anything but normal to a man from a society that expected men to be puppets in the here and now, while promising a perfect society in the always unobtainable future.
Trevin leaned back against the wall and blew air out, hard.
"You all right?" Joel asked.
Trevin nodded. "I'm not all that used to going topside, to be honest with you. Where I grew up, when a person said a community was downtunnel, he meant you could get there via tunnel, every step of the way."
"Live with it. This area hasn't been under suppression as long as some other places. Give us another three or four generations, we might have great burrows, too," Joel said.
"No, we won't. After the government blew up the irrigation systems, this area stopped being worth steady patrols. Given the choice between doing the backbreaking job of making burrows in hardpan or other equally fun local soils, or taking the occasional run through the sticker brush with a very good probability of having no spies on hand to report you, people are going to run through sticker brush. Besides, it's fresh air and sunshine up there. Fresh air and sunshine are good for you, right?" Trevin said. 
"Yes, they are, actually," Joel said. "And I bet Renzo's been missing them like crazy. And who could blame him?"
Renzo started to say something, but decided against it.
"All right, Renzo," Joel said, "here's the deal. From here, we have a three mile overland trek to a fugitive hole, where we'll dump off some of our load to reprovision the place. We're also checking to see if anyone's there who might need help. If it's clear, we might stay there tonight, or we might move on another three miles to the next section of tunnel. It's a project that got started but not finished. It's only about a half mile long and isn't connected to anything, so sometimes it doesn't seem worth the bother of using, especially if it's a nice day, but you're not used to long hikes, so probably we'll stop there for the night. Once we reach the end of that tunnel, we have another five miles above ground, and then we can crawl back underground, inside the Nyssatun tunnels, which spread out all over the place, but don't connect to anything else. While we're above ground, we ought to be all right unless we run afoul of a wolf pack, or worse, get caught by government agents. If we get caught, they'll probably torture Trevin and me, hoping to get information out of us. What they'd do to you, I'm not sure. The last time they caught one of our foundlings, they stripped his clothes off, put him in a barred cage, hung him in a public place, and used him to show people in gory detail what it's like to die from thirst and starvation. Nasty, that."
"I remember that," Renzo said.
"Just remember that you're no longer on their favored list, so you'd be in the cage instead of outside of it looking in, and we'll be all right," Joel said.
"It won't come to that. We promised the lieutenant that we'd shoot him if he tried to escape. I promise to kill him rather than let him get to talk to officials about us. Sorry, Renzo, but that's what we're up against here. Those kids back there, those women back there, right now they've got no good protection but secrecy, and we can't risk any of us falling into enemy hands. It's as simple as that," Trevin said.
Joel started to suggest to Trevin that he was pushing it, but realized that Renzo was handling the news better than he would have expected. "Look, Renzo, there's no reason for us to get at odds. None of us wants to get caught or shot, although we might have different reasons for that topmost in our minds. Me? That woman I smooched back in town is my top reason."
"I doubt he knows what you mean by smooched," Trevin said.
"Kissed," Joel amended. "That lip to lip business. You were rather overwhelmed at the time, so you might have missed that she's my wife. We have kids, who are also major reasons for me to not get killed or captured. I don't expect you to understand this yet, but when a woman marries you, it changes everything. Hugely." He checked the time. "We need to get going, gentlemen," he said. He bent down to put his boots on, and the others followed suit.
"Renzo, just try to work with us, and it will be all right. We rather like you. Even if we didn't, we don't like hurting people. We will if we have to, but we'd rather not," Trevin said.
"I'll do peek duty," Joel said, as he headed up the ladder. He got the hatch open, and looked around. He crawled out. "Hand the packs up," he said.
Renzo and Trevin sent the packs through the hole and climbed out after. Joel closed the hatch, and kicked dirt and twigs back over it. He looked around carefully to make sure he had his bearings, then led off.
Trevin motioned Renzo into second place, and brought up the rear. To his surprise, Joel trotted them to the ruins of a farmhouse, and ducked in.
"What's wrong?" Trevin asked.
"Nothing," Joel said. "Sorry if I scared you, but I wanted to take a better look around, and wanted better cover first."
"Oh, but nothing is wrong, he says," Trevin said, under his breath, but purposely loud enough for Joel to hear.
"Don't be angry, please. And promise me you won't tell the other troops. But" Joel said.
"But what?" Trevin asked.
"Look out there. Just look. We hit the proverbial one day in a thousand, or maybe the one day in a million," Joel said. "It must have rained just the right amount of time ago, during just the right time of year, with just the right temperatures. Look!"
Trevin looked. The landscape was heavily dotted with wildflowers, mostly yellow, but with purple and white, and even some red, mixed in. "What? The flowers?"
"Yes, the flowers. I guess you don't know it, but around here you can go a lifetime and never see this many flowers at once. Two days from now, three maybe, most of these will be gone."
"He's right," Renzo said. "This is highly unusual." He hesitated, as if he might say more, but was afraid to do so.
"All right, guys. I'm sorry you're not blown over with the beauty of it like I am, but I thought I'd bring it to your attention anyway," Joel said. "I'm ready to move, anytime you are." 
Trevin motioned for him to stay put.
"What's wrong?" Joel whispered.
Trevin shook his head. "I owe you an apology. I was so intent on getting through the flowers that I hadn't really seen them. Thanks. And, Joel?"
"Yeah?"
"Look out there and tell me there's not a God. Just try," Trevin said. He smiled, ear to ear.
"I'd have to lie through my teeth, and I don't want to," Joel said. "Ready to go now?"
Trevin nodded.
"Renzo? You ready?" Joel asked him.
Renzo nodded. As they walked away, he tried to wipe tears from his eyes without the others seeing him.
Trevin caught the action, and smiled. "Yes, sir, a promising lad, our Renzo," he said to himself.

<[50]>

"Don't you ever get to go home to see your husband?" Harvey asked Nurse Chan.
"Not yet. He's dead. I'm not in any rush," she replied.
"You may now call me stupid, for not picking that up before now," Harvey said.
"On the bright side, it proves you're lousy at gossip. I can live with that," she said, smiling.
He smiled back. "For what it's worth, I'm not sure I know your first name, either."
"Clara."
"Pleased to meet you, Clara. Switching back to business, when do I get to do pushups?"
She laughed. "Whenever you want to try, hot shot. The nerve fuses are nice and solid now, and so's the spine chip. But you're going to find it pretty miserable business at first. You probably don't have any idea how many muscles you use doing pushups, or how many of those are mush right now."
"All the more reason to start sooner rather than later, if you think I won't be asking for permanent paralysis if I mess up?"
"According to the charts, we're all right. According to the tests, we're all right. Hooray for nerve and bone fusers. You can thank Leo for that, by the way. He helped pioneer the things, and the ones we have on hand are ones he brought in to study, with an idea of improving them if he could. Between that, and being able to get an exoskeleton in your size soon enough, we dodged what could have been a very bad situation."
"But?"
"But if you fall hard enough, most bets are off."
"I'll try to fall smarter, then. Tuck and roll. Tuck and roll. And all that rot."
She gave him an overpatient look.
"All right," he said. "I don't have the physical capacity to either tuck or roll. Not reliably. Yet. How about I promise to be careful? Relatively careful, anyway?"
"I can't ask for more," she said.
"New subject, while I'm thinking about it. Is Gills still here?"
"Yes."
"How far down the tunnel?"
"It doesn't matter. Ott issued orders that he's not to be told anything about you. I presume that means that he's not to see you, either, which would let him draw his own conclusions. I presume you were going to ask if you could try to lurch down the hall to see him?"
"I was. Why the info ban?"
"I'm not sure. I think there's concern he might be thinking of impersonating you, and not for fun."
"I wouldn't put it past him, I guess. At least not the Gills I knew."
Nurse Chan gave Harvey a look he couldn't decipher. It was like she wondered if she should say something.
"Out with it, woman, whatever it is," he said.
"Going back a subject or two, speaking of Leo, he'd like to show off the reassembled helicopter. But he's afraid you'll be upset to see a bird when you're grounded."
"She's back together?"
"Yes, sir, and freshly painted, from what I hear."
"You haven't seen her yet, then?"
"No."
"Would you like to?"
"I'd be happy to wheel you down."
"I'm not sure that answered my question."
"Yes, I'd like to see her."
"Whenever you're ready, then."
"Now?"
"Why not?"
She handed him a comb and told him to make himself more presentable, so she wouldn't look like a nurse who couldn't keep her patients groomed. He complied, and after a bit more fuss, with fixing up blankets and checking to make sure water bottles were full, etc., they headed to the new hole-cum-hanger. Servicemen they encountered en route felt gallant enough to take over for the nurse, in relays. Harvey was hard pressed to not mind being the object of such multiplied charity, but it was strangely reassuring, too. Besides, as they all made plain, they were being more kind to the nurse than to the patient. That helped.
When they got to their destination, a crew of men, including Leo, was up on scaffolding, chipping away at upper reaches of the dirt walls surrounding the helicopter. The first man who saw Harvey let loose a cheer, which caused a bit of chaos, not a good thing up on scaffolding. There were wobbles, which were offset by grabs.
Leo beat the best of them down to ground level, and went to greet a man he considered his honored guest.
"Here to see the bird?" he asked, with undisguised pride in the said bird.
"Yes. She's a sight for sore eyes," Harvey said. "Roll me closer, somebody."
Leo took over wheelchair propulsion. As he walked, he said, "If you're in this sort of contraption for a while, I can rig it up so you can zoom around without a helper."
"Thanks, but no thanks," Harvey said, as they came to a stop. "It's not that I don't think you could do it. I know you could. But" He reached under the lap blanket and pulled out a folding cane he'd secreted under a thigh. He unbent the cane, locked the joints, and asked for a little help getting out of the chair. Men held their breath as he stood, and cheered him when he was fully on his feet. This made Harvey blush, which both embarrassed and delighted the men.
"One good surprise deserves another," Leo quipped. He opened the pilot's door, and pointed into the cockpit.
Harvey limped gingerly over, being studiously careful to avoid falling or tripping. He looked in, trying to figure out what was 'surprising.' Everything had been prettied up, with a spit and polish this helicopter hadn't known since she first came off the manufacturing line, if then. But that would hardly get Leo excited like this. Then he saw controls he didn't remember. He let his eyes go up and down, and around. They went back to the new controls.
"Hand controls. You can turn them on or off, so you should be able to fly this baby whether or not your legs are cooperating," Leo whispered. "That's assuming your upper body can manage it. Nurse says you've been doing some light weight lifting and such, so we're hoping it won't be long."
Harvey turned to look at Nurse Chan. She smiled in a way that let him know she had happily been in on a conspiracy to insure that his physical rehab was long on what was needed to use the hand controls. It was all he could do to keep from telling her "I could kiss you." He turned back to the bird, soaking in how good she looked.
Leo turned to the nurse. "How long until he's sealed together well enough that we might try lifting him in, to see if the new set-up fits him?" he asked.
"Whenever he feels ready," she said.
"Oh, lads, help me get in," Harvey said. Before he knew it, he'd been placed into the pilot's seat, in what struck him as a well-practiced maneuver. He looked suspiciously at Leo.
"Robinson's your height and weight. He's been your double during practice drills. How'd we do?" Leo said.
"Suspiciously well, thanks," Harvey said. He turned his eyes to the panel. He ran his hands over the controls, both the familiar ones and the new ones. His hands trembled. Even with the near-miraculous recovery so far, he hadn't dared hope he'd ever fly again.
Sensing that he was perilously close to breaking into sobs, the workmen made their excuses, and dove back to making the hole bigger.
Leo handed Harvey a few sheets of paper. "Here's the schematics on the new stuff, for you to take home with you. For now, let me show you what we've got here, so you'll know what you're looking at on the diagrams."
"Leo, I can't thank you enough."
Leo was strangely silent.
"Leo?"
"You might not think that when you get shot down," Leo said, too low for anyone else to hear.
"Leo?"
"We're having a pilot shortage, and it's smelling more like real war all the time. We might have to use you, ready or not. And you might not have anybody to watch your back. I hope I'm not getting you killed."
Nurse Chan was at a discreet distance. She couldn't hear them, but she was watching.
Harvey carefully arranged his face, to keep her from figuring out what they were talking about. "I have reasons to fight, Leo. I'd rather do that than sit it out."
"I know. But if anything happens to you, I'm going to hate it, and that's a fact," Leo said. Chagrined by how emotional he was getting, he abruptly switched back to engineer mode, and started explaining the modifications to his apt pupil.

<[51]>

The trek to the fugitive hole was uneventful, unless you counted Renzo beginning to stagger under his load and shuffle his feet from fatigue halfway there an event. The other men took some of his load into their already overladen packs, and the three of them pressed on.
The fugitive hole proved to be fully stocked, and getting dusty from lack of use. This wasn't surprising, given how close it was to inhabited tunnels, and given how many good ruins were nearby, which offered good shelter without forcing a person to go below ground. Still, Joel and Trevin were glad to see that no one was there, in need of help. With the communications blackout, there weren't any good ways to check other than to hike over and take a look. Other parts of Northam might be used to that, but they weren't, and they didn't want to get used to it.
Joel and Trevin unpacked all three packs, finding room on the shelves for the supplies they'd hauled in. Then they repacked the packs with what they were taking with them, discreetly taking their time to give their greenhorn companion more time to rest. Renzo seemed to be recovering quickly, and there were good ruins for the next mile or two, which provided good rest stops if any were needed, so they headed out for "Morgan Avenue" as the unfinished tunnel was dubbed. Historians had determined that it was a few miles off from an original above ground Morgan Avenue, but was called that for sentimental reasons by former residents of that rural road, which had forthrightly climbed from the flats up into the low hills that lined the broad valley.
Renzo was dumbfounded to see so many ruins. He'd never been this far south, and had assumed it had always been a wilderness area.
"This used to be a thriving area, after dams got put in and irrigation systems were put in place back in the twentieth century," Trevin explained, before he remembered that the topside government had banned the use of any calendar not based on itself. "That would be about a hundred and fifty years prior to the First Era," he clarified, before remembering that Topside was experimenting with non-year reckoning. "What is that, Joel? Between 400 and 500 cycles before the First Era?"
"Beats me," Joel said. "All I know is that this was a healthy farming and ranching area, dotted with farmhouses and small towns, right up until Greatgranddad Eicher was a boy. Then the government decided to try to own all the people in the world, including out here, and some of the family got captured, and the rest were forced into dugouts and other hiding places. He used to tell us stories about it. But maybe we should cut the chatter until we're under again. I don't know about you, but I'm trying to listen for helicopters."
"Aye, aye, captain. Over and out," Trevin said, and was silent until they had climbed into the Morgan Avenue tunnel.
This end of the tunnel, a particularly good muralist had painted vibrant scenes of local history, clear on back to Oregon Trail days. Here was a covered wagon, there was a group of nuns founding the first hospital at Ontario, on the ceiling were pictures of early aircraft doing stunts at an airshow. Along at ground level, children playfully ran more or less in single file, their clothing getting progressively more modern the closer they were to the front of the line. The painting went on and on, with scene after scene. Toward the end, the quality changed abruptly, and then the mural ended, mid-story.
Joel ran his fingers musingly over the border between the quality painting and the amateurish work. "Greataunt Lilas died before she could finish," he said, nodding at the beautifully done part. "Others tried to finish, but gave it up, along with the tunnel itself. It's probably just as well. The rest of the story was about losing freedom, and, to a large degree, hope along with it."
"Do you mind if we go back there, and eat?" Trevin asked, pointing at benches handily placed mid-mural. "If you want to go on ahead, that's fine. But if we're going to spend the night in this tunnel anyway, I'd like to take some time to take some of this in, if that's all right?"
Joel nodded. Back they all went, and ate and mused. Trevin and Joel pointed out this or that in the painting to one another, and regaled each other with historical stories, most of which contained humorous elements.
After a while, Trevin said, "Call me ignorant, because I am, but where does the electricity come from for these lights?"
"A small, private nuclear pile, actually," Joel said. "It was all the rage at the time. If we ever get the land back, we're set to light up a whole city, just from what keeps this tunnel well lit on both ends."
"Both ends? What lights the middle?" Trevin asked.
"Nothing, right now. It's kept dark so people can more easily take naps any time of day. That's the main use for this tunnel these days, you know. A rest stop," Joel said. "Speaking of which"
They put their litter in their packs, and shepherded the somewhat-overwhelmed Renzo into a dusky area, where there were neatly-blanketed cots along both walls for as far as they could see by flashlight, and beyond. Trevin and Joel flipped a coin to see who got first watch, and the little group settled in for the night.

<[52]>

In the morning, Joel had them leave jackets and anything else deemed extraneous for the next leg of the journey, to lighten the load for Renzo, without singling him out. They'd retrieve the items on the way back, he said.
They shouldered their packs, and headed down the tunnel. The cots near the south end were vandalized. When the threesome came into the fully lighted area near the porthole, it was to find ugly graffiti on the walls.
"This wasn't here before," Joel said. Not having any way to fix it, he led his little group through the ugliness as fast as he could, and got them out into the sunshine in good order.
They were nearing Nyssatun, when Trevin fell and cried out in pain. Joel spun, grabbing his handgun as he went, bringing it to rest aimed squarely at Renzo.
"He had nothing to do with it, I'm happy to report," Trevin said.
"What in the world happened?" Joel asked, as he put the gun away.
"If my leg being almost to the knee in a gopher hole doesn't give you at least a good starting clue, I am sorely disappointed in your powers of observation. Help me out of here, will you?" Trevin said.
Joel helped him out of the hole. "Are you all right?" he asked.
"Not sure," Trevin said. He tried to put weight on his foot. "Oh, oh. This might not work."
"You think you broke something?"
"I wouldn't be surprised if I broke several bones in my foot. It feels like it. Give me a minute. Maybe it's just repositioning nerves or tendons, and will be all right in a minute or two."
"A likely story," Joel said. "Renzo, get on the other side of him. Let's get him to cover."
Renzo did as he was told. Trevin was half carried, half dragged, to the remains of a stone barn, with ancient trees overshadowing it. They moved to the shadow side of a wall, and got on the ground.
"Don't take your boot off. Not yet. It's the best foot splint we've got, at the moment," Joel said.
"Remind me that it's a bad idea to play If Only, would you?" Trevin said. His face was getting covered in sweat, and was a little bit gray.
"It's bad to play If Only. But it's not always bad to tell your expedition commander what you're wishing was different," Joel said.
"Other than thinking 'if only I'd seen the hole instead of stepping in it,' I'm thinking 'if only we could use our radios.' I'm also thinking 'if only Renzo was a regular defender instead of a probationer, one of you could jog ahead and get troops and a stretcher, or something useful like that.' Personally, I think he's trustworthy enough you could leave him here with me for the short time it would take you to summon help. But I know what my opinion is worth to the top brass, so that's probably out of the question."
Joel looked at Renzo, and at Trevin, then stood and looked down the way they were heading, trying to calculate how far it was they had to go. "You'd have made my life easier, Lexington, if you weren't so loaded with heavy muscle. You are going to be a bear to carry," he said, as he hunkered down again.
"I think I could hop on the good leg, if that helps. If you guys would be living crutches, it shouldn't take us very long. How much farther do you think we have to go?"
"Only about half a mile or so. Let me check something, all right? Hold tough, this might hurt," Joel said. He put his hands on Trevin's leg, above the boot. The leg bent. "Oh, oh," he said. "It's not just your foot. If it's your foot at all." He dug in his pack, pulling out a roll of foam and a tube of chemicals. He wrapped the foam around the leg. Squeezing the tube, he painted patterns into it, to harden it with strips and swirls. It wasn't a new tube of chemicals, and it didn't have quite enough left to do a good job. Joel took his shirt off and tore it into strips, which he used to fashion a splint with some scraps of wood, over the incomplete Paisley cast.
"Thank you, God, for darker skin," Trevin said.
"Huh?" Joel said.
"I mean that if it was me who'd stripped a shirt off, we'd be visible for twenty miles. You, maybe only five or ten," Trevin joked.
"Don't get ahead of me," Joel said. He dug a canister of dark body paint out of his pack, and drew patterns on himself, where he could reach. He started to ask Trevin to help him on his back, but decided against it. He started to put the canister away.
"I'm sure Renzo could do it," Trevin said.
Joel looked at Renzo, who'd been sitting still, watching the proceedings with open curiosity. "Would you mind smearing some of this on my back? So I'd be harder to see from the air?" he asked.
"I have not been trained in such things," Renzo said, uncertainly.
"All I want is a few bands or streaks or spots, so I don't look so much like a human from a distance. Think, uhm oh, you tell me. Whatever's good at not showing up out here."
"Think bitterns," Trevin said. "Or something else with mottled feathers. Resting nighthawks, minus the white patches. Immature herons. Immature hawks. Stripes, swirls, whatever. Have fun with it. As long as he's not one big blank blotch of medium complected skin, it'll be fine."
Joel handed the body paint across. He unobtrusively shifted to where Trevin could watch Renzo work, and just as naturally put his right hand where it was between Renzo and his gun. Trevin obliged him by moving a hand nearer his own sidearm. Trust was one thing. Having a foundling who was known to be handy with firearms within grabbing distance of a holstered gun was another.
Renzo didn't notice. He was too transfixed with the awful prospect of doing something for which he had no background. About the time Trevin was going to reassure him again, he resolutely managed to get paint on a finger and gingerly daub some on Joel's back. He thought to look around at what had already been done. He unfortunately moved to look on the side Joel had his gun, which caused both his guards to shift their hands to their gun handles. He didn't notice. Having got his look, he went back to working on Joel's back. In short order, he'd done a fair job of matching what Joel had done, with a few bittern-like stripes thrown in, on the assumption it would please Trevin if he did that. He furrowed his brow, wondering how a man knew when he was done with this sort of job.
"Let me see," Trevin said.
Renzo backed up. Joel turned his back to Trevin.
"That's great," Trevin said.
Joel thanked Renzo and collected the paint canister, screwed the top back on, and dropped it into his pack. He nearly laughed out loud when he saw Renzo eyeing his messy fingers, wondering what to do with them. "OK, Renzo, there are lots of ways to take paint off, but this is how I usually do it," he said. He led his pupil to a patch of bare ground, got a handful of dirt, and rubbed his hands together, 'washing' most of the paint off with the gritty, alkali soil. The rest he wiped off on his pants. Renzo followed suit. Joel led him back into the shadows, next to Trevin. He checked the time, and did some calculations in his head. "Let's go ahead and eat before we head out," he said.
"You're the boss," Trevin said. He dragged his pack closer, and dug around in it himself, before Joel could offer to get his food for him.
"I forget. Are you the guy who's allergic to aspirin?" Joel asked.
"Yep. Sorry."
"You have anything in your pack that would work?"
"Only the stuff that would make me loopy. I'm not that bad yet. You have anything?"
"No. Sorry," Joel said. He laughed, with a bit of bitterness in it.
"Do I want to know what that snort was about, boss?" Trevin asked.
"Now I'm the one playing If Only. If Only us 'free men' were free enough to have dependable supply chains, and access to silly things like a moderate assortment of basic painkillers to carry around with us. Is that too much to ask?"
"Under present conditions, I guess so," Trevin said, philosophically. "How are you doing over there, Renzo? You finding enough to eat?"
Renzo nodded.
Joel put a warning hand up, and a finger to his lips. He cocked his head, listening. The whir-pocketa of an Era 667 Series helicopter was faintly filling the air, growing stronger by the second.
"Take cover, gents," Joel ordered.
Renzo wasn't sure what that meant, so he hesitated, waiting to see what the others did.
"He means hide like your life depends on it, because it does," Trevin clarified. "Shadows count as cover, if they're deep enough," he added, as he pulled himself tight to the wall and laid down, face down, his hands over his head for (admittedly paltry) protection.
Renzo looked to Joel for help. Joel dragged him and his pack to an area against the wall that had a tumble of rubble underneath, with remains of beams leaning on the wall above. He positioned him under a beam. "Get small, stay close to the wall, and whatever you do, don't move. Movement draws attention like nothing else," Joel ordered.
Renzo would have nodded, if it hadn't involved moving. He knew about movement drawing attention. Nine-tenths or more of the birds he'd recorded on bird counts, or shot during population control assignments, had been seen only because they'd moved.
"Don't panic," Joel said. "The trees provide good cover, and the wall isn't bad. We'll probably be all right." Having said that, he got small and hugged the wall, while keeping one eye on Renzo.
The helicopter swept close, but on the far side of the wall. Shots fired. Yelps followed. The helicopter moved on, sometimes fast, sometimes slow, circling, jagging, shots firing. Finally it was gone.
"It sounded like coyotes, but it's hard to be sure. Hang on while I check," Joel said. He eased around to where he could see what got shot. He came back in short order. "Yep. Coyotes."
"They must have exceeded their optimal population," Renzo explained.
"More likely the bastards were getting their jollies maiming something, seeing that most of them are shot at the base of the tail, or have part of one hind leg shot off," Joel said.
"A good marksman out to reliably reduce a population would have corrected his aim, don't you think, Renzo?" Trevin added.
"I do not believe you," Renzo said to Joel. He froze, shocked that he'd said such a thing to a superior.
Joel smiled at him. "I appreciate honesty, if you haven't figured that out by now. I do need you to follow orders when I give them, but questioning anything else is perfectly fine, within reason, if the circumstances allow it. Let's go look, shall we?"
Renzo begged to be forgiven for questioning a superior.
"No. I won't. Not until you see with your own eyes what I was trying to describe to you. Come on. Grab your binoculars, so you can check out the ones limping off," Joel said.
The two of them went around the wall, and surveyed the scene. A couple of coyotes were dead, but scattered over the landscape were coyotes struggling with wounds that would make it hard for them to hunt, or to keep up with the pack, assuming the animal didn't die a slow death from the wound, or from the infection that was almost sure to accompany it. 
"Renzo, this is the sort of cruelty we went underground to avoid," Joel said. "Speaking of the underground, let's finish eating and get our buddy somewhere he's not in extra danger just because he can't run."
The three of them ate in deep shadows, listening for helicopters or other patrols. Hearing and seeing no new threats, they stashed their packs in rubble, and set off, Joel and Renzo on either side of Trevin, bearing his full weight on every other hop-step. They were weary and sore by the time they reached a Nyssatun porthole, but cheerful, and grateful to have made the trek without further harassment. Joel tapped and scraped on the porthole, in a code that told the hidden sentries it was Subterran law enforcement there on business.
The porthole had a narrow, steep staircase with a low ceiling. Trevin had to bump down on his rear end until he got to where the tunnel provided room enough for helpers. He was deposited at the town's main health facility, after which Joel, with Renzo in tow, went to check in with the local lieutenant. The lieutenant wasn't pleased to see them, and he wasn't happy about Joel being shirtless. Joel suggested that he was only shirtless as long as no one issued him a new one. However well this approach might have worked with most lieutenants, it didn't sit well with this man. He grudgingly got Joel a new shirt, and sent him on his way, without offering help finding his suspect.
"I'm sorry, Renzo, most communities are friendlier than this. Either that, or we caught them on a bad day. In any case, please don't form your opinions of Subterra until you see a few more examples. Oh, wait. There's our man. Stay off to one side where I can see you, and let me handle this," Joel said. He took a few moments to check out the setting and the mood of people in the vicinity. It was a public square  busy, a good mix of men and women, but no kids in sight. Perfect. He rushed toward the suspect rather like an excited rookie, calling out, too loudly for politeness, "Hey, Harrison, I'm so glad I found you. There's been a death at your house, and your wife and kids need you home. Now."
That brought activity to a halt, and got the focus on Mercury Harrison, deadbeat husband and father. It also got the woman hanging on his arm to recoil. Mercury grabbed her arm, and patted it. He spoke to Joel through a pained grin. "Oh, you must have me confused with someone else," he said. He threw in a wink, just in case Joel might have missed the point that he was being asked to play along.
"Aren't you even going to ask who died?" Joel asked.
That threw the deadbeat into turmoil, but after a look at the woman on his arm, he again maintained that Joel must have the wrong man.
"Mercury Harrison, right?" Joel said.
"There must be two of us," the man said, as if Mercury was a common name, when it was anything but that.
"All right, I gave you your chance. Mercury Harrison, under the authority invested in me by the Pacific Northwest Subterran Alliance, I arrest you for desertion and dereliction of duty in regards of your wife and children," Joel said.
"He has a family? Are you serious?" the woman asked.
"Yes, ma'am. He's deserted his family."
The woman burst into tears and pulled back. When Mercury kept hold of her, she screamed, pounding on him with her fist. That failing, she tried to claw his face. Bystanders pulled her off and away.
"You're ruining everything!" Mercury yelled at Joel.
"You might have thought of that before you left home," Joel said. He reached for his handcuffs. Mercury reached for his gun. Shots rang out from around the square. Mercury fell, dead. Smoke swirled into the air from half a dozen handguns, which were put smoothly back into holsters.
Joel went to check on Mercury, and confirmed that he was dead. Seeing that the woman was about to throw herself on the corpse, he got out of the way. He had no idea what to do next. He wanted to thank people for saving his life, but he didn't want to look like he was condoning vigilante action.
"I bet this sets your career back a bit, huh?" someone tossed out at him. People laughed.
"I hardly think that my career is the most important consideration at the moment," he said.
"Yeah, right!" someone said, generating more laughs.
"Some kids just lost their dad," he said, trying to get the civilized among them to at least consider the gravity of the situation.
"Aw. Now their mom's free to marry somebody more worth marrying. Count it a favor," someone called out. There seemed general, perhaps universal, approval of that attitude.
Joel steered Renzo out of the area, back to the lieutenant's office. The lieutenant didn't seem shocked by what had happened, although he bemoaned the bother. After making them wait while he fiddled around with other work, he had Joel sign some papers, including a receipt for the shirt he was wearing, and told him to go to the medical facility and wait there until he could spare him a minute. He assigned a security guard as escort, "Just to make sure you two get where you're supposed to go," as he put it.
En route, Joel fought with his imagination, which pictured Trevin dead of odd complications. When he was ushered into the area off the emergency room, and saw Trevin sitting in a reclining chair, his feet propped up, resting, he was almost angry with him. He knew it was irrational, but there it was. He'd brought the man along for backup, and he hadn't been there when needed. Never mind the reason. He batted the bad feelings down, and tried to be professional; just an expedition leader checking on one of his men.
"How are you doing?" he asked.
"Surprisingly well, actually. They have one of those newfangled bone fusers here. You should see the before and after scans. Amazing. My leg is still goofy, but I'm weeks along in healing already, so to speak. They put a really nice cast on, too. And they had painkillers I could use, that only have me a little dizzy. They were outdated, but they seem to be working just fine. How are you? You look like it didn't go well?"
"You are now officially in contention for having uttered the understatement of the year," Joel said.
The doctor laughed. "Idiot almost got himself killed," he volunteered.
"When I was getting my handcuffs, Harrison went for a gun," Joel explained.
"You had to shoot him?" Trevin asked.
The doctor thought that was funny, too. "The town took care of it for him. Everybody with a clear shot hit him, from what I heard. I have reason to believe it, too. The body was riddled, from different angles. Served the jerk right, coming over and mixing himself up in our business."
Trevin sat up, fear showing in his drugged face. Joel correctly translated the look as 'What sort of town is this?'
"Oh, come on. You can't tell me you guys care about what happens to some crook?" the doctor said.
Without thinking, Trevin moved his injured leg away from the now-known-to-be-evil doctor.
Joel looked the doctor in the eye. "Yes, sir. I can tell you that, because it's true. The man deserved jail time. What he did isn't a capital offense. Even if it were, there should have been a trial. This was a barbarous mess, front to finish. I'm sorry it went this way. I'm sorry he's dead."
The doctor snorted. "You guys must spend too much time around Christians," he said. "They'll rot your brain, you know, just being in the same room with you."
"I'm a Christian," Joel said.
"Me, too," Trevin said.
"In that case it's no use talking to you," the doctor said. He smirked, radiating his idea of superiority. "And the sooner you guys get out of here, the better. We don't want your type around here. Wouldn't want our brains to rot, you know." He chortled, and left.
"I'm hallucinating, right?" Trevin said.
"I wish," Joel said.
Renzo leaned against the wall and sank to the floor, looking like he'd given up any hope of survival.
Trevin got serious. "I'm going to pray. Care to join me?" he said to Joel.
Joel felt the guard's eyes boring into him. He glanced at Renzo, who looked miserable, but not likely to die during the few minutes he might spend praying with a brother. He went and knelt next to Trevin's chair.
"I hate Christians," the guard said. He rubbed one boot against the other, managing to imply that he'd gladly kick the stuffing out of anyone in the room, given an excuse.
-
Renzo lifted his head to see how his companions were taking the threats. They had their heads bowed, and were talking so quietly that it was impossible to make out what they were saying. They were earnest, but calm, and strong.
He wearily turned his head to look at the guard. He had the strangest feeling that the guard couldn't see what he saw. He suddenly remembered the picture of the man in the strange garb, facing the firing squad. The men who had brought him here looked like that, somehow. The look on their faces. Their composure. Their wholeness. In his mind, the contraband note from the hidden niche paired itself with the photo, which paired itself with the scene before him. "Soli Deo Gloria," he said, with wonder, without realizing he said it. Trevin and Joel looked over at him, their eyes smoldering with questions.
"What did you say, you little creep?" the guard asked.
"Leave him alone," Joel said. He stood, and flashed his credentials. The guard made an ugly face to be obnoxious, but didn't say anything more.
Joel got between Renzo and the guard. He looked across at Trevin. "Try to get some sleep," he said.
Even drugged, Trevin got the message: "This could get worse, and I need you as rested and strong as we can get you." He nodded, adjusted his chair back so he was nearly flat, and went right off to sleep.
"Renzo, you too," Joel said. "Take that bed over there, and get some rest, so we're ready to roll again soon."
"I'd rather sleep on the floor," Renzo said, eyeing the corner farthest away from the guard and his metal-toed boots.
"Ordinarily, I'd say yes. But work with me on this. I can explain later, when we don't have a hostile guard watching our every move. Up you go," Joel said, quietly. He reached a hand down. Renzo took his hand and was hauled to his feet. Joel patted him on the shoulder and walked him to the bed, helped him off with his boots, and told him to get some sleep.
Joel went to another bed, took his boots off and lay down, with no intention of sleeping. Resting, yes. Sleeping, out of the question.
"It feels good to deload my feet. Thank you," Renzo said.
Joel smiled. "You're welcome. Now, sleep."

<[53]>

The Nyssatun lieutenant didn't find time to see them until the next morning. He didn't offer them breakfast, instead chiding them for leaving their packs behind. He brought with him a strapping young man, who was introduced as Robert, who was going to drive them home in a powered buggy that Nyssatun kept on hand for just such contingencies as having an injured man who needed to be sent back to his home base.
"I wonder if you have any personal effects of Mr. Harrison's that you'd like to send back with us to his family?" Trevin asked.
"Already gave it away or burned it. We're efficient around here," the lieutenant said.
"It didn't belong to you," Trevin said.
"It did after he got shot for being a criminal," the lieutenant said.
Joel gave Trevin a warning look, and he dropped the subject.
They left by the porthole they'd come in. Trevin had difficulty managing the stairs, but made it with a little help and a moderate amount of patience.
After the hatch was closed, and they'd heard the lock slide into place from below, Robert looked around in open wonder. "Wow," he said. "Would you look at that!"
"Amazing, isn't it?" Joel said. "It's not many years that get this kind of bloom."
Robert looked at him, a searching look on his face. "I heard you guys are Christian?"
"Yes, Lexington and I are," Joel said.
Robert whooped and did a little jig. "Sorry, but between that and seeing this great big, wide open Creation for a change, it's almost too much. I'm possibly the last Christian left over here. It's bad around here."
"We noticed," Trevin said. "Where's this buggy?"
Robert grinned even more broadly, and led the way to what had been an earthen produce shed. The buggy hidden inside it was a strange looking contraption, the frame made of metal tubes, the engine oversized and uncovered. The wheels were huge, to get the belly of the thing high enough to drive through low scrub. On the front was a bush chopper, tough enough to tackle sagebrush that was a little too tall (the really big stuff they were going to have to avoid). There were two seats, with five-point harnesses to keep the passengers in, and a platform behind, either to strap cargo to, or for additional passengers to stand on, if they were crazy enough to trust to being able to hang onto the roll bar as they bounced over rough terrain.
"She's not pretty, but she's what we have," Robert said.
"I consider her gorgeous, considering the circumstances," Trevin said. Joel seconded the sentiment.
Robert peeked in the fuel tank. "Full, for a change," he reported. He checked oil, and air filter, and tires. "Oh, good. Usually I have to do mechanics before I take her out. I guess no one's driven her since I did. Oh, before we go, let me check one more thing," he said. He went to a back wall, and pushed on a few panels. Finally he found the one he was looking for. It opened, letting him get his hand through to a latch. He swung open a hidden door and went through, hunted around by flashlight, and came triumphantly out with a haphazard assortment of vacuum packed food, from smoked fish to peach chutney to mixed vegetables. "It's not what I'd ordinarily offer guests for breakfast, but it's food," he said. "I think we even have plates and forks. Let me go see." He came back shortly with bowls and spoons.
"Good enough," Joel said.
They sat in the entrance to the shed as they ate, soaking up the view, sitting in shadow for safety, even though they'd rather sit in sunshine for warmth.
"The last I'd heard, it was still a civilized place over here. What happened?" Joel asked.
"It's hard to say," Robert said. "It got fashionable to be immoral, then it got unacceptable to be moral, and then things went completely upside down in a matter of months. After a few smaller, warning waves, it sort of hit like a tidal wave, and when it was done, most Christians had moved out, or had met with unfortunate accidents, or were in jail on trumped up charges until they were shipped out. It's been crazy."
"Do you think you've got topsiders doing sabotage?" Joel asked.
"I hate to say it, but I don't think so. I think we imploded all by our own little sinful selves," Robert said. "It didn't help that we had more people calling themself Christian than were showing signs of really being converted. But the rest of us had sold out way too much, too. I don't know. It was a convergence of things, as far as I can tell. Anyway, thanks for coming over. I'd been doing my best to witness and to hold strong, but lately I've been praying for a chance to get with other believers, if only for a little while. You guys are sure a welcome sight, I can tell you."
"Don't expect too much, kid," Trevin said, with a twinkle in his eye. He looked over at Renzo, who was straining to eavesdrop while trying mightily to be invisible at the same time. "Hey, Renzo. Has anyone told you about conversion yet? Or sin? Or salvation?"
"Yes," Renzo said, reluctantly, and softly.
"Oh, oh. I smell an incomplete-gospel mess," Trevin said.
"I apologize if I did not answer correctly," Renzo said, with the same careful tone and formality he'd used with the Judge while taking Foundational Lessons.
"Oh, boy. Definitely stuck in the middle of the first step," Trevin said. "We don't have time to mess with details or much discussion just now, but the basics are this. Sin is doing something that cuts you off from God. Everybody sins. But God sent His son Jesus to Earth, to make a way for sinners to become holy enough to stand before God. Everybody has this life, and this life only, to choose whether to take that path to God, or to reject Him. If you reject Him, you spent eternity cut off from Him, in hell, feeling His wrath that your sin deserves. If you turn to Him, and surrender your life to Jesus, you spend eternity with Him, on good terms."
Robert watched Renzo take all this in. "Even if you've rejected Him for a long, long time, you can still turn around and head to Him, even if you've done horrible things, like murder or something," he added.
Renzo got stiff. "I do not believe you," he said.
"Bullseye, Robert," Trevin said, quietly.
"We'll finish this conversation later, gentlemen," Joel said.
Trevin cast Joel a questioning look. Joel chose not to answer, in part because he couldn't think of a useful way of saying 'I have no idea how to get us all home in the buggy if Renzo stops being cooperative or goes berserk,' and in part because he thought he was getting Holy Spirit nudges not to push Renzo too hard, especially with this many people around. Not yet, anyway.
Trevin leaned back against the wall and closed his eyes. Joel guessed that he was praying about whether to mutiny, just this once. If ever a man was to mutiny, to do it for the sake of a man's soul would be the only good reason, as far as he could figure, but he didn't think they'd come to that. He waited. Trevin opened his eyes and asked for help standing up, which Joel correctly took as a sign that he was going to follow orders  and that he was ready to roll. Joel helped him up.
"Just so you know, on the way across, we had trouble with a helicopter flying over," Joel told Robert as they were strapping Trevin into the passenger seat. "It didn't see us, possibly because they were too busy shooting coyotes. But we did have a patrol."
"That surprises me. They'd pretty much given up on around here," Robert said. He drew a deep, slow breath, and bowed his head. "All right, Lord, I trust you with my soul in any case, but I'm asking for travel protection, if it's within Your will to keep us alive through this ordeal," he said.
"Amen to that," Trevin said. He turned to Renzo, who was standing uncomfortably by, waiting to crawl up on the back. "In case you don't understand what we're doing, we believe that the same God who made the universe and everything in it is still active in the world, and can offer protection to those who are faithful to Him. We also believe that He cares about our souls more than our physical lives  which are mighty short in any case  so we're not concerned in the same way about getting killed that someone who doesn't know God might be concerned. That's not to say" He caught Joel casting him a look asking him to stop. "Well, later. This isn't the time for it," Trevin said, wrapping it up as requested.
"Load up, gentlemen," Joel said. "Robert, I'm trusting you to figure out our route and speed and stops, if any, and all that."
"That could be a problem, unless you want to go to Undervale. I know that route pretty good. The way to your place, not so much  as in, I've never been there. I'm counting on you guys to navigate."
"Not a problem. Pretty much we just follow the best line of ruins going north, and zag a little to the east. If I get lost, Trevin and Renzo can probably help you out, although they've only seen the landmarks from the other direction. If all else fails, follow the river. If you can't find a porthole, about a mile short of the Malyur, and about a fifth of a mile from the Snake, there's the sorry remains of a big camper bus, alongside an old farmhouse foundation. Behind the driver's seat is a voice tube into the tunnels that you can use to yell for help," Joel said.
"Got it. Fair warning: I generally drive fast, to minimize the time we're out in the open. Let me know if I go too fast, gentlemen," Robert said. He eased the machine out of its earthen garage and drove it under a nearby tree. He jumped out to close the bunker doors and otherwise secure the site. Less than a minute later he was strapped into the driver's seat, and proving that he wasn't kidding about driving fast.
Trevin pointed out the ruins of the old farm where they'd stashed their packs. Robert swung over so they could retrieve them. The packs were strapped to the back of the seats, on the platform on which Joel and Renzo were standing. It made it a little tight, but still workable. Soon, they were off again, jostling madly over the brightly colored, flower-perfumed desert, rather enjoying themselves. Talking was impossible over the roar of the engine, but by now they'd learned to communicate by hand signals, at least for navigational purposes. When needed, Joel would signal to Trevin, who would point for Robert. It seemed to be working well  until a bomb blast nearly rolled them over.
A government helicopter swung into view overhead, the pilot laughing at them. The cargo bay was open, and a man was peering out of it, also enjoying their fear and surprise. Renzo recognized him as the man who'd wanted to shoot him the day he'd had his name taken away.
Joel signaled to Trevin that he wanted the foursome to split into twosomes. Trevin signaled to Robert to slow down. Robert didn't like the idea, but hit the brakes anyway, orders being orders. Joel took Renzo off the back with him, and ran to one side, toward an old irrigation culvert. Trevin, he happily noted, was getting Robert to drive extremely fast in a directly opposite direction, toward a decaying church and cinder block fellowship hall.
The copter hesitated in the middle, the hunters not sure which pair to pursue. They settled on Joel and Renzo.
As the copter bore down on them, Joel realized they weren't going to make the culvert in time. He shoved Renzo under a large sagebrush and dove on top of him, shielding him with his body. A bullet pierced his leg.
The copter blew up and fell in fiery pieces from the sky.
The bullet business Joel had expected, although he'd rather expected to be shot fatally, and was surprised to be alive. The exploding copter business, on the other hand, was so unexpected and impossible that it was more mind boggling than the pain. It didn't help that he could still hear a helicopter flying. He wondered if he'd gone mad, or if perhaps he'd died and was in some strange limbo where nothing made sense.
The helicopter landed nearby. It kept its rotors moving. Joel madly tried to scramble away.
"Friends, friends," someone called out, as he ran closer.
Joel rolled over, handgun at the ready.
The man stopped, hands in the air. "Joel, it's me. Anthony Davis. Harvey was taking the new helicopter out for a run and I came along in case he ran into a situation where he needed somebody with legs. I'd really appreciate it if you didn't shoot me. How bad are you hurt?"
The buggy roared closer, then very close, and stopped. Trevin's voice rang out. "Johnson, it's the Davis brothers, in the helicopter we had down in the hole. Put the gun down. Renzo, are you all right?"
Joel heard "Put the gun down, Renzo," and twisted around to get a good shot at the man he'd just tried to save.
Renzo was lying still, with nothing in his hands, staring at him in confusion.
Anthony got between them. "Joel, it's you who has the gun that needs to be put down," he said, firmly, deliberately.
Joel looked at his weapon hand, to confirm that. Finally, he got the message straight. He handed the gun to Anthony, who locked it and stuck it in his waistband. He knelt to examine Joel's wound. "Tourniquet time, Joel. Sorry. We'll manage it carefully, and we'll have you home in no time, but we need to shut the blood off for a while," he said. He worked as he spoke. Once the bleeding stopped, Joel lost some of his franticness and regained a bit of sense, although blood loss kept him blurry and slow to comprehend.
Anthony got a loading ramp in place, with help from Robert and Renzo. After they got piles of wildflowers moved out of the way in the cargo bay, Robert drove the buggy into the helicopter, with Trevin still strapped into the passenger seat. The ramp was put back inside. Renzo and Robert loaded Joel in. Once everyone was inside, Harvey lifted the heavily laden bird off the ground and headed back to the submerged hanger. He switched on speakers. "Can you guys hear me back there?" People nodded and shouted yes. "Good. I have one air-to-air missile left, and approximately 900 bullets. Those of you who are able to gaze usefully out of windows, I'd appreciate it if you let me know if we need to use them."
Trevin crawled out of the buggy to painfully kneel at a window. Robert also went to a window. Joel foggily thought he should try to get up, but Anthony talked him into staying flat on his back with his leg elevated.
Renzo looked uncertainly back and forth between Joel and a window. Anthony thought he saw something there that hadn't been there before. He motioned to him to take over with Joel. Renzo came as bid, but tried to explain over the engine and rotor noise that he didn't know what to do. Anthony leaned close to his ear, and said, "All we need to do now is try to keep him calm, and let him know he's not alone. You can do that. You'll be fine. I need to help watch for danger. You're fine." Rather than let him try to object, Anthony went to a window to watch for enemies, and (between the sneezing fits that had been plaguing him since he'd brought flowers on board) to quietly pray his heart out, for safety from foes, for Joel's life and leg, for Renzo's soul.

<[54]>

The chaplain had been holding Mr. Johnson's hand while he talked to him, so Renzo assumed that was the way to do this duty. He settled in next to Joel, and held his hand, and told him over and over that he'd be home soon.
Home? Renzo had had no concept of home before being brought underground. He'd had assigned places, assigned duties, assigned roommates, assigned separations, assigned thoughts. Part of him held on to that as something good. He'd had less occasion to be confused then, not like he'd been again, and again, and still again, since entering this new and previously undreamed of civilization.
He looked around at his companions.
Mr. Harvey Davis, a crippled man who could barely walk, was flying the helicopter. The topside government would have killed him long since, for being crippled, and thus not good for society. They would have killed Julia, too, for the same reason. This civilization, though, had tenderly cared for Mr. Davis, even when they thought it unlikely he'd be able to resume his flying duties.
He looked down at Mr. Johnson, who had shielded him with his own body when bullets had started flying. Mr. Johnson didn't even trust him  he'd proved that by being willing to shoot him, twice  but he had gotten between him and the danger.
He looked over at Mr. Lexington, who was watching for enemies, but also had a reassuring hand on the shoulder of the younger man next to him, Robert, a man he'd just met.
Mr. Lexington glanced his way. Seeing Renzo looking at him, his eyes darted down to Mr. Johnson, then back to Renzo. His eyes were full of worry, full of questions. Renzo realized that he was wondering if Mr. Johnson was worse, or needed something. Renzo looked down. Mr. Johnson was calm, breathing well, and looked strong (considering the circumstances). Renzo smiled, relieved to see him look so steady. He looked back at Mr. Lexington, and was rewarded with seeing his hero beam approval and thanks at him, before turning back to scanning the sky and ground for enemies.
Renzo wasn't sure when Mr. Lexington had become a hero to him, but he was. Mr. Lexington trusted him, too. He'd proved that over and over, asking him to do things, and telling others to trust him.
He looked at Robert, about whom he knew very little, other than he'd been glad to be around other 'Christians,' and that he knew how to operate and maintain a buggy, and liked to drive fast. Oh, and he appreciated that wildflowers were beautiful. Even as he watched out the window in warfare mode, he was holding and sniffing some of the wildflowers that Mr. Davis the chaplain had gathered during practice landings, just to share with people who were stuck underground and so didn't get to see flowers much.
Renzo's past broke into pieces and let some truth shine in. People could care about other people, not just society or science or the future. They could be self-sacrificing. To enjoy beauty was not a weakness. People were worthwhile, even when they were damaged or defective. The people around him had proved these things and more, just by the way they lived. There was something else that they'd proved to him, but it wasn't quite clear yet. It had something to do with the difference between Nyssatun and Annextun. Nyssatun had been ugly, cruel; he'd felt like he was back in the KinderFormer, with the self-centered teachers openly out to destroy the gentle, caring ones.
He looked around at the other men again. Mr. Lexington and Mr. Johnson hadn't been like the people of Nyssatun, even when threatened. Robert, too, had seemed different, even before he'd announced he was a Christian. They were like Mr. Davis the chaplain, and Nurse Chan, and some of the others at Annextun. They all saw things that others didn't. They also seemed to have a light in and around them; not a literal light, but it was real, and it was there, even if he didn't know what to call it. Renzo wanted that light more than he wanted anything else. He didn't know how to get it, though. He wasn't sure he could.
Able's lifeless face stared at him from out of his memory, throwing darkness over all his hopes.
Mr. Johnson groaned in pain. Renzo tried to comfort him, but it was so hard, so hard, while wrapped up in so much darkness.

<[55]>

"How'd she fly!?" Leo called out as he ran toward the copter as it touched ground. He noticed an air-to-air missile was missing and snapped to a stop. "Don't tell me we had a misfire!" he wailed.
Harvey decided he liked Leo more and more. What more could a pilot ask for than an engineer or mechanic who took even possible malfunctions personally?
"She flew fine, Leo. I fired the missile on purpose. I'll tell you later. We've got a guy in the back who needs medical help and I mean now. Get a team and a gurney."
Leo did him one better. He sent his fastest runners to fetch a gurney and to make sure the medical staff was assembled, while sweeping tools off a large equipment cart, making the top available for a patient. They'd meet the gurney midway, deciding then whether to transfer or keep going with the cart. He threw tarps on top to spare the patient the discomfort of lying on metal, grabbed straps, and was at the cargo door seconds after the door got opened from the inside. Having sent only Harvey and Anthony out, he was expecting to haul Anthony out of an empty bird. It was jarring to see Anthony helping hand someone else out, from out of a thicket of flowers, dune buggy, and people; and even more jarring when he saw it was Joel, who Leo increasingly thought of as an honorary son. To his credit, he didn't allow himself to be distracted until Joel had been strapped onto the tool cart and was rolling away as fast as athletic volunteers thought was within the controllable-vehicle range.
Leo turned to gaze at the cargo bay, to see if he'd really seen what he thought he'd seen. Sure enough, there was an oversized buggy, smelling like it had just had a hard run. There was Anthony, looking sound (if you discounted puffy, red-rimmed eyes), plus Trevin and Renzo, plus a young man he'd never seen before. And there were flowers. Heaps and heaps of fresh flowers.
"Leo, I need to talk to the lieutenant first. I could be a while. If you want to go to sick bay, I'll check there after I'm done with Ott," Harvey said.
Leo shook his head. "I need to do post-flight checks," he said.
"We'll get it, boss," some of the men said.
"Or, we'll leave it for you, if you can't stand letting the rest of us work," one man volunteered.
Leo turned toward his crew, but held his eyes down, as he thought. He needed to be both places, but that was impossible.
"Bah, I told you he thinks we're incompetents who can't possibly get along without him," someone said.
Leo fought a grin, and lost. "Yeah, and maybe I do. Here's your chance to prove me wrong. I'm gonna go check on Joel. Let's just see what I find when I show up back here when you least expect it," he said. He took off, before he started bawling.
Trevin sat in the doorway of the helicopter and suggested that it might have been nice if someone had thought to order up some sort of transportation for a guy with a broken leg.
"You can use my chair, I'll walk," Harvey said.
"Oh, no you don't," Trevin said back. "We need you worse than we need me. I can't fly anything. I should be all right with my crutches. I was joking. Really. I was joking."
"So was I, actually," Harvey said. "I could trade off with you, though, if that would help."
"If someone will let an engineer get a word in edgewise, we do have a knee scooter here. We use it for fun, but it's designed for people with foot injuries. Are you OK from the knee up?" one of Leo's crew said.
"Or you could test out my PedoCreeper," another man said.
"Do I even want to know what that is?" Trevin asked.
"You stand on it, and it moves along on treads," someone explained.
"Just help me get to where Joel is, will you? I don't care how," Trevin said.
"Got it!" a man yelled. He cleared the top of another mechanic's cart, and got to one end, ready to push. "And before you object too strenuously, this option allows a couple of other guys a chance to go see how things are going. But don't tell anybody I said that."
Trevin surrendered to the men who badly wanted to push a cart all the way to sick bay, for fun and info. Soon he'd rolled out of sight, Robert jogging along with them, since he was duty bound to check in with the lieutenant upon arrival.
"I'll go tell Amy that Joel's hurt," Anthony said. "Renzo, you come with me."
Harvey gave Anthony a look he'd perfected when they were boys. In their younger days, it meant 'Dad and Mom are not going to like this, and I'm likely to get in more trouble than you if I let you go ahead and do it.' Anthony correctly read it now as 'Ott is not going to like this, and I'm probably going to be in more trouble than you if I let you do this.'
Anthony excused himself from Renzo and went to have a conference with his brother.
"You're forgetting he's on the sort of probation that needs two watchers at all times," Harvey whispered.
"I'm not forgetting. I'm willing to answer for it. I need to talk to him, and if you haven't noticed, around here the only people who are left are people who need to check the bird, and guard the bird, plus you, and you have to report to Ott. I'd rather answer for taking sole charge of one basically well behaved foundling, than answer for taking guards away from the only helicopter we have at this base. Do you really want to argue with me on this?"
"I give up," Harvey said.
"Good," Anthony said. He retrieved Renzo and headed off to talk to Joel's wife.
Harvey realized he was in a tight spot. He hadn't let Leo set him up in a powered chair yet. He needed to report to Ott right away, but if he asked for someone to push him, he'd be taking someone away from a skeleton hanger crew. He wished he'd thought to corner one of the men who'd headed off to dash Trevin through the tunnel. They'd had at least one spare man there. It was no good dwelling on it, though. He started rolling toward the tunnel. The acting chief assigned a man to push him. Harvey looked at the chief, not sure he wanted to mention that the crew was already pretty sparse.
The chief gave him a reassuring smile. "The guys who rolled carts down will be right back, not wanting to upset Leo. We'll be all right until they get here," he said.
"I need to tell the chief something in private," Harvey told the man assigned to push him. The man stepped out of earshot. "That missile that's missing brought down an Era 667 that was playing 'strafing run' with our guys on the ground," Harvey told the chief. "There wasn't any indication that they saw me before they got hit, and we didn't see anybody on the way back, but"
"My job is to set up war footing without necessarily looking like I'm setting up war footing, then."
"Something like that, I guess. I'm really not sure on the protocol on something like this."
"It's not what I planned on when I got up this morning, but we'll do our best. You'd better get off to Ott. Fast."
Harvey's human engine was called back over, and Harvey headed off to face whatever music a man who might have triggered a shooting war needed to face.

<[56]>

"I guess I forgot to ask if you're up to a trip to town," Anthony said, as they walked along. Renzo didn't seem to know how to answer that, so Anthony tried again. "Physically, I mean. You don't seem hurt, but in all the rush and fuss to take care of Joel, I forgot to ask. Are you all right?"
"I am not injured significantly," Renzo said, with defensive courtesy.
"Too tired?"
"No."
"All right, then. I'm going to set a stiff pace, because I want to get word to Joel's wife as soon as possible. But you let me know if it's too fast for you."
Renzo nodded, but Anthony got the impression that he hated to be along, and might be close to a breaking point. He wondered if Harvey had seen something he hadn't, and had known this might happen. It was too late now, though, unless he wanted to go back to the hanger to put Renzo under the care of the mechanics, before going to town.
He shot another look at his companion, who'd gone from happy wordless wonder in the copter, to a deep, brooding mood. Renzo glanced over at him. Their eyes met. Renzo pulled his eyes away immediately, but not before Anthony saw the deep pain and turmoil, laced with anger.
Anthony smiled. He wasn't sure he'd seen what he'd seen, but he was fairly sure. He doubled down on his praying for Renzo's struggling soul, and kicked into a jog, to get his present task out of the way sooner.
"Too fast," Renzo said.
Anthony went back to a fast walk.
Amy Johnson wasn't at home, so Anthony led the way to the Harrison household, which was the most likely spot to find half the women in town, if they weren't home. He drew up just shy of the door, as it hit him that Joel and Trevin had gone to Nyssatun to collect Mercury Harrison, but hadn't brought him back.
"Renzo, do you know why Mr. Harrison didn't come back with you?" he asked.
Renzo jumped to the conclusion that Mr. Johnson and Mr. Lexington would be punished if he said something he shouldn't. He clamped his mouth shut.
"All right. Perhaps I should have asked Mr. Lexington before he got off. Sorry if I put you on the spot. If something bad has happened, just be careful what you say about it, if you say anything. As far as I know, nobody told his wife and kids about the mission. It's likely they'll be here, and we don't want to make a bad situation worse, so just be careful, please," Anthony said.
Renzo looked at him, obviously not sure how to respond to this show of reasonableness.
"Later, Renzo. We need to find Amy first," Anthony said. He stepped to the door and knocked.
Scott answered. He was looking older than he'd looked before his mentor's wife had dropped dead in his living room, but he was poised. There were also the slightest hints of improved muscle tone, thanks to an exercise regimen he'd started after his jogs in the tunnel had proved how out of shape he was. He grinned when he saw it was the pastor, but quickly caught on that it wasn't simply a social call. "Now what?" he asked, with admirable manly directness.
"I think he's probably going to be all right, but Joel Johnson got hurt, and I'm looking for Amy. Is she here?"
Scott nodded and waved them in. Four ladies were seated at the dining table, drinking tea and eating cookies, while children tumbled with each other all around the room.
"Hello, ladies. Please excuse the intrusion," Anthony said. "Amy, I think he'll probably be all right, but Joel got hurt and the Annextun med team is working on him, and it's bad enough I think you ought to go over."
"We'll watch the kids," the other three ladies said at the same time.
The Johnson toddlers sensed the trouble more than understood it, and rushed to their mommy. She gave them hugs then held them where they could see her face. "It's all right, sweethearts. Daddy has a bad ow-ie, and Mommy is going to go to the base and see him. You'll be fine. You just stay here, or with any of the ladies here who might want to take you home. Mommy will be back."
That made them happy enough to go back to tumbling.
Renzo moaned and sat down, tears streaming down his face.
"Is that our latest foundling?" Amy asked Anthony.
He nodded. "He was with Joel when he got hurt."
She went to Renzo, as tenderly as she had approached her own children. "What happened?"
"He was protecting me, and got shot," Renzo said, too overcome to embellish or buffer.
Amy looked at Anthony.
"I can verify that. Harvey and I were taking the new helicopter for a test flight, and got there just in time to see an enemy copter chasing them down. When bullets started flying, Joel shoved Renzo down, and got on top of him. He took a hit for both of them. It's in the leg. It was one of those nasty expanding bullets, and it did a lot of damage. Harvey got the copter shot down, and we got a tourniquet on Joel's leg right away, and got him straight home. But he lost a lot of blood, and the leg is pretty mangled."
Amy nodded, and drew in a deep breath to steady herself. She turned back to Renzo. "It's all right. I married Joel because he was that sort of man. It's not always easy, but I wouldn't want to be married to a man who thinks of himself first. I need to get over to him, but you take care of yourself. We love you, you know." She gave him a quick hug. She turned to Scott. "Will you go tell Lyle?" she asked. After a quick look for approval from the pastor, Scott took off one way, to track down Joel's father, while Amy took off the other, to jog to the base.
"He doesn't even like me, and he got between me and the helicopter," Renzo whimpered, to no one in particular.
The ladies swept over to mother him.
Anthony went to help himself to tea and cookies, and to play with kids while Renzo got dosed up with maternal affection.
Renzo accepted the motherly caressing and hugs and platitudes for a while, but suddenly batted the women away. "No, you don't know who I am. I'm dark, and evil. Get away from me. I'm not like you. I'm not like you at all. Get away from me!" he cried out.
"I think I'll take all the kids down to my place," Mrs. Carter said, as she did a masterful job of herding them out the door, with only a tiny assist from Anthony.
Anthony closed the door and started over to Renzo, but Isabella Charbonneau gave him signals to stay back. Anthony complied, because (once alerted to it) he saw what she did, that Renzo was paying more attention to her than to Mrs. Harrison or himself, and seemed more concerned about what she thought. Bella, age 19, was solid in the faith, and bolder than most. She needed a little work on winsomeness yet, but even that had been coming along.
Anthony discreetly moved to where he had a better shot at tackling Renzo should he attack anybody. Bella, no babe in the woods, smiled at him, conveying both thanks and reassurance.
She knelt in front of Renzo's chair. He avoided looking her in the eye. "Now, Renzo, let's talk," she said.
"No! I'm nothing like you! I'm dark inside, and full of evil."
"Well, duh," Bella said.
It wasn't how Anthony would have handled it, but it got Renzo's attention.
Bella smiled gently. "Of course you're crawling with evil and don't have Holy Spirit light yet, if you haven't converted. You have a little light, because God's showing you the way forward with it, but you'll necessarily be mostly dark inside until you're a Christian. Do you want to come over into more light?"
"I can't."
"Uh, uh. You've got two options, and 'I can't' isn't one of them. Do you want to break free of the evil and get rid of the worst darkness? Yes or no?"
"It's too dark. I can't get out."
Anthony joined them. "What's in the way, Renzo?" he asked.
"I don't belong here. I don't belong with good people. I've done terrible things. Lots of terrible things," Renzo said.
"Tell me the worst thing, Renzo," Anthony said.
"I killed somebody. While he was sleeping."
"Who?"
Renzo froze.
"The man who was sent to replace you?" Bella guessed.
Renzo stared at her in amazement.
"Uncle Stanley and some of the other guys wondered if you did. It was funny how he disappeared and you came back. But Renzo, although that was very wrong, and you ought to feel bad about that, and you shouldn't do anything like that again, God can still adopt you, and bring you into more light, and make you a new person, if you'll ask Him, by repenting of your sins, and asking to be born again through Christ, who loves us so much that He even went to die on a cross for us, and who intercedes for us now, even though we don't deserve it. Don't you go thinking you have to fix things up first. He won't help you fix things up first, and this isn't something you can do on your own. The help, and the changes that matter, come after you join the body of believers. It really is like being born a second time, and growing up into something different."
"Yes, Renzo, even you. Jesus can rescue, reconcile, and renew even you," Anthony said, anticipating the next objection.
Renzo stared at them, hope battling with despair.

<[57]>

When Harvey got to Lt. Ott's office, he was redirected to a large conference room. Ott was there, as were Trevin and Robert and the men who had rolled Trevin's cart down. Leo was there, too. Apparently the men who had rolled Joel down had gotten out of the net, but otherwise the catch was complete. In addition, several top aides were there, and a man Harvey didn't recognize, who had the air of a visiting general, plus a small entourage with the 'general.'
"If I'm crashing this party, I can come back later," Harvey quipped.
"Cute, Davis. Real cute. Come on in, and come on in," Ott said.
A few men twittered nervously as it hit them that Ott had nearly invited a man in a wheelchair to come in and sit down. That 'Pilot Harvey' almost certainly wouldn't have been bothered by it didn't matter. The room was full of jitters, and this was enough to unleash some of it.
Harvey went where Ott pointed, which was uncomfortably close to the man who had the air of a visiting general. Harvey had been working on how he'd word his report to Ott, but what had seemed adequate to that task didn't seem up to the situation now.
"I understand there was some shooting?" Ott said.
"Yes, sir," Harvey said.
"The other craft went down?"
"Yes, sir."
"Survivors?"
"Not a chance of it."
"All right, then. We'll come back to that later. Colonel Chesterton, this is Harvey Davis, our helicopter pilot. Davis, this is Colonel Keith Chesterton. I'm turning this meeting over to him."
Chesterton strode front and center. "Gentlemen, I have news for you. A little over two weeks ago, Subterran Alliance forces, with help from the Soil Improvement League, hijacked topside billboards around the world. Don't ask me how. I couldn't tell you even if I understood it, which I don't. At any rate, what they tossed up on those billboards was this." He stepped to one side to get out of the way, and clicked a remote control device. A picture filled a screen at the front of the room. It featured a drop dead gorgeous young woman, with a medium dark complexion, and wavy hair that split the difference between brown and black. She radiated joy. Her smile was dazzling. Chesterton gave the men a few seconds to absorb the sight. "All right, gentlemen. Tear your eyes off of the young lady and read the text, if you would," he said.
The text read: "My name is Oleevaba Charlesville, and I've discovered life beyond government."
Men who had lived topside gasped. Some of the men cheered, before forcing themselves to be dignified and solemn again, as befitted grown men getting serious news.
Chesterton smiled. "I can see that some of you understand why this has thrown much of the topside world into a state of agitation. Thanks in part to decades of preparation by the SIL, some areas were particularly ripe. Already, there have been riots, revolts, heart attacks, and purges, as we pretty much expected."
Robert leaned over to ask Trevin, "What's the SIL?"
Chesterton caught him at it. "For those of you who don't know," he said, politely addressing the room in general, "the Soil Improvement League, aka the SIL, is a loose association of people who have been quietly overseeing most of the work of getting people up top accustomed to the ideas of thinking for themselves, of freedom, of compassion; whatever they could do to open them up to the possibility of the government being returned to sane operations, in nation states instead of global rule, with the focus on protecting inalienable rights, instead of trampling them. They've followed this billboard attack with several other operations, most of which you'll never hear about. Key buildings have been blown up. College professors who educate the bureaucratic elite are rapidly being replaced with doubles, who will feed the fad-hungry students with some real history and solid ethics for a change. And, yes, that assignment falls under the heading of suicide mission, if you were wondering. Also, and this is where you come in, for a long time we've been putting together an air force of both new and used craft, which has been in deep hiding, but is coming out in waves, all around the world. As far as Greenley is concerned, today's battle here is just the latest loss in a blistering string of losses. Your focus for now will be on training helicopter pilots, with perhaps the occasional battle assignment. It's a developing situation, so don't get married to where you are, or what you're doing. Expect pilot trainees, and another couple or three copters, to show up within the week, and also perhaps enough parts to build more copters from the ground up. That's all for now." He and Ott exchanged salutes, and the colonel and his little entourage left, so he could personally inform another outpost.
Ott faced his men. "Gentlemen, much of what you'll be hearing and seeing over the next few days, weeks, months, perhaps even years, will be classified. Get used to that idea. Get ready to be guarded, even with your loved ones. However, as far as this briefing goes, I'm going to surprise you by saying that nothing you just heard is anything you need to keep to yourself. The sooner the civilian population and the rest of the troops know we're at war, and how well the first wave has gone, the better. We'll be having briefings later, but for now, except for Davis, you're dismissed."
Some of the men bolted out the door, most walked out, some sat in their chairs, too stunned to move. If they hadn't seen Ott waiting for them to leave so he could talk privately with Harvey Davis, they might have sat there for a long time indeed.
After the last man was out and the door was shut, Ott pulled a chair over to where Harvey was, and sat facing him. To Harvey's surprise (he was, after all, expecting to be chewed out), Ott nodded toward the door, by extension indicating the men who'd just gone through it, and said, "You've read ancient Northam history, haven't you, Davis?"
"Some, sir."
"I feel like I've got George Washington's army in the early days, except that it's my fault. I've had some of these men for years, and I let them get ragtag and undisciplined."
"I expect the motivation of being at war will help considerably, all by itself, sir."
"Harvey, if you'd told me when we were kids that I'd ever be saying this to anybody, especially to you, I'd have laughed my head off, after punching yours. But I'm not up to this by myself, and you're not the man you used to be. Will you pray with me?"
"Glad to. Anthony would be better  can you believe I said that?  but I'd be glad to."
Ott smiled, despite his fears. That Tony Davis had turned out to be anything other than a professional criminal was one of the great mysteries of life, and an advertisement writ large for the powers of the very God to whom he was preparing to pray.

<[58]>

Anthony dropped Renzo off with Nurse Chan, who cried and jumped up and down when she saw him, even before she was told what had happened.
Renzo being in excellent hands, Anthony went to check on Joel and company. Amy was in the waiting room, holding some of the already-wilting flowers from the copter, with friends and Joel's dad keeping vigil with her. She and Anthony searched each other's eyes. "They're not sure yet on whether they'll have to amputate, but he was stable, finally, last we heard," Amy said. "You look like you have good news."
Anthony grinned. "We are having us a baptism this Sunday of a brand new little baby," he drawled.
This tossed some people into confusion, but Amy laughed. "It's a boy, right?" she said.
Trevin Lexington perked up. "Oh, tell me it's Renzo," he said. "He's been wrestling something awful spiritually. Tell me it's Renzo."
Anthony nodded.
Trevin whooped and did a little dance, before doubling over, grabbing at his leg. "Oh, that hurt. Oh, that hurt. Oh, ouch, that was not a good idea," he said, still with a happy grin on his face. "Where is he? Can I go see him?"
"That's probably a good idea. I left him with Nurse Chan and Garrity, at Billet 32."
"Give him a hug from me," Amy said.
Trevin hesitated, as it struck him that perhaps he should stay.
"Go on. I have enough help here, and I'll have someone find you if there's news or if we need anything," Amy said, waving him along.
Being especially sensitive at the moment of a man sometimes needing to be two places at once, Leo said, "This is going to be a long haul. I'll take this watch. You can have the next one."
"Excuse me, folks. I'll see you later," Trevin said, as he headed off on crutches.
Anthony sat beside Joel's father.
"Pastor, has anyone told you yet that we're at war? Really at war, all around the world? And have been for two weeks?" Lyle Johnson asked.
"No, I hadn't heard that yet," Anthony said. He looked around. People nodded.
"Our side started it, too! I hate that," Lyle said.
"I don't," Amy said, while fingering a flower's leaves and petals. "Not if that's what it takes to let me take my kids up into the sunshine to live like human beings on God's green Earth. I don't know if this is the best way to do it, and God knows I'm not looking forward to the hardships and casualties, but I'm glad we're not pretending we can avoid evil by hiding from dictators. We just brought it down into the tunnels with us. Why not go back above ground and live like we're supposed to?"
"You can say that, with my son in there fighting for his life after being shot up by the enemy?" Lyle said.
"I can say that because your son agrees with me. We'd rather be mown down for being Christians, than make it to a ripe old age living like we think peace and quiet and relative safety matters more than righteousness, and faithfulness, including sharing the Gospel with everybody, not just amongst people in our own little community-protected circles."
"If I live to be a hundred and twenty, I am never going to understand you Christians," Lyle muttered.
"Not unless you become one, probably not," Anthony said. He winked at Amy.
She made a little pantomime with a flower, like she was using a miniature fishing pole.
"Oh, my, how I would like to fish for fish as well as men," Anthony mused, playing along.
"Is this what this war comes down to for you? Getting to go fishing?" Lyle stammered.
Anthony shook his head. "No. But what you need to understand is that we think that we're at war in any case  a spiritual war  and that to know there is evil in the world and to not be taking a stand, to live like cowards when we're called to be brave in the name of our Lord, is simply unbearable. We know our days are short here on Earth. We don't want to waste them. Even more than that, we can't stand seeing people trapped in the spiritual darkness we escaped thanks to Jesus. If you'd found a way out of a pit, wouldn't you like to help someone else out?"
"Depends on who it was," Lyle said.
"I'll give you points for honesty," Anthony said. "But I don't think that way."
"We're all right here, if you have other people to go see," Amy said.
"Thanks. I do. I'll be praying for you guys," Anthony said.
"Thanks."
Anthony wandered around the base, talking with whoever flagged him down, and with those too wrapped up in their excitement or fear to notice him before he said hello. After a while, he noticed that he really wasn't needed there. His brothers in Christ were building one another up, and also offering support and comfort to unbelievers. He thanked God for the reassurance that his flock was growing up as well as growing numerically, and headed off to town. En route, he stepped into the church to pray. There were people scattered around the church, in huddles and in pairs, and also people by themselves. With the exception of Auntie Sandra, everyone was deep in prayer. Sandra was feigning prayer, and trying to get people to notice how pious she was being. As he watched, she moved down a prayer bench to get closer to Bella Charbonneau, all other potential audiences having eased away so they could pray without interruptions. After Sandra got settled where she wanted, Bella shocked her by moving right beside her. Bella put her arm around the bothersome old lady, and invited her to pray with her.
Anthony slipped to an open spot on another prayer bench, got on his knees, and sought God's help in facing what was ahead. "Dear God, I know this is going to be hard, with hard decisions every day, and temptations to do wrong in the hopes of bringing about right. I don't even think war is how we should be doing this. Your apostles didn't raise armies, nor did the earliest Church, and history since then has been full of victories that You brought about through prayerful people bravely holding their ground and turning the other cheek, even when it meant their death: Romania, Albania, China, Californitopia, the Philippines, and on, and on. Even here, Lord, even right here, generations ago, in pre-Era days. Not that I think that we should choose our actions based on what's seemed to work by worldly standards. I know better than that. But, God, I don't know what we should do. I really don't know. After almost every Great Awakening in Northam, there's been a civil war that has overthrown some great evil, whether it was tyranny or slavery or the government-sanctioned slaughter of innocents. Lord, is that what You want from us? Is it? I have my doubts  but I just don't know. I'm relieved that we're finally fighting evil and ignorance instead of pretending it's somebody else's problem as long as we can somewhat insulate ourselves from the variations that bother us most. I know that's wrong, and I know it's been suffocating Your people. I know You've asked us to invest the 'talents' You've given us until You return; instead, we've buried them along with ourselves. I know that's wrong. I'm willing to do what You ask. Please, Lord, help us. Please, Lord, help me."
Someone had left the church door wide open. The sound of singing came from down the tunnel, a man's voice ringing out with a hymn. The words were adapted from Isaiah. "on wings like eagles!" Trevin Lexington appeared in the doorway. Someone had lent him a wheelchair, to give him a rest from getting around on crutches. Renzo was pushing the chair. Trevin stopped singing as soon as he saw the room had people praying in it. He grimaced, and put a hand over his mouth, as a way of apologizing to the people he'd interrupted, without saying anything that might bother somebody else.
Someone smiled a reassurance at him, and then someone else, and soon heads were up all over, drawn by some unseen force to look around.
Someone started the hymn from the beginning. By the second line, everyone who knew the hymn was singing.
Renzo didn't know the hymn, other than the bits of it that he'd picked up already from Trevin. "He will renew your strength you will rise on wings like eagles" He sang those parts. He understood about eagles and how they flew. It was a glorious thought, to think of having something like that.
He suddenly remembered eagles falling from the sky, after he'd shot them. He knew that the same people who'd ordered him to shoot eagles would order others to shoot the people here, and that the officials and the gunmen would consider it a good day's work. They wouldn't even know what they were shooting, since Christians had been eliminated up there, and so no one knew what they were.
He thought of the people of Nyssatun, who had known Christians, and still had hated them, not because of anything the Christians did, but because the people walking in darkness didn't want light shining anywhere near their dark lives.
He went to sit silently on a pew. Trevin and Anthony joined him. When the song was finished, people went back to their huddles and pairs and solo praying, renewed and refreshed.
"I shot eagles," Renzo said, very quietly so that no one but his companions would hear. "I don't think they could make me do it now, but I know what it is to shoot eagles, and I don't think many people here know how much the world hates them."
"You're right, Renzo," Trevin said. "But thanks in part to Anthony, we're better prepared than we were. The pastor before him would encourage us to pretend that Christianity was all about living well and being nice, and getting along with others. Even now, I'm sure it's going to be a shock to face dedicated opposition, probably to me as well as others who haven't been as serious about following God. But God has given people extra grace when they've needed it, and I'm counting on that. I'm just glad that I'm getting a chance to fly, finally, instead of living all my life in this lovely underground cage our well-meaning ancestors built for us, that we've kept in such fine repair."
Renzo looked doubtfully at him.
"Don't misunderstand me, Renzo," Trevin said. "I'm not counting on anything good from a worldly standpoint. If I get it, fine, and thank God for whatever blessings He chooses to bestow. But even if I get crucified, with a hundred people spitting on me as I die in agony, at least I'll die a whole and faithful man. I want that, and I'm ready for that, God helping me to do it."
Renzo sank deep in thought. His mind traced his path to where he was, and he saw a shepherd at work, especially recently. He had a long way to go, but he knew the same shepherd would steer him, if he was willing to obey.
"I need to be baptized," he said.
"That's right. It's an important next step," Anthony said.
"No. I mean I need to be baptized now," Renzo said. "Not Sunday. Now."
"A man after your own heart, Anthony," Trevin said.
Anthony smiled. He'd practically dragged his pastor to the baptismal pool to get him to hurry up, when the hounds of heaven were on his heels, telling him to get baptized. He looked around the room, and tried to tally who had been putting off getting baptized  as they should, if they weren't ready to commit wholeheadedly and wholeheartedly  who might be honestly ready now.
"While you're deciding how to make this a mass dunking, I'm going to go see if the water level is as high as I want it," Trevin said.
"Trevin, you're only half right. I don't want a mass dunking. I want to baptize everyone who's truly ready. There's a wee bit of difference," Anthony said.
"I stand corrected," Trevin said, with a wink.
"That's my line," Anthony said, joking back.
"Renzo, come with me," Trevin said. They headed off to the work areas and dressing rooms hidden near the baptistery in the right front of the sanctuary, Renzo pushing Trevin in his chair.
Anthony went back to his praying, this time to ask a blessing on the baptism, and to confirm whether he should invite others to the pool.
A couple minutes later he realized that a young man and woman were standing nearby, trying to be patient, but being pushed to their limits.
"Hello, Gideon, Susanna. Did you want to see me?" he asked.
"With war started, we thought we'd like to get married now instead of next month. Would you do that?" the young man asked, his betrothed hanging onto his arm, her eyes darting hungrily from his face to that of the pastor.
Anthony realized that another couple was standing nearby, giving off the same signals.
He smiled at Gideon. "Considering that you two have convinced me that you're serious, and understand that marriage is a covenant, sacred in the eyes of God, I think we can arrange that," he said.
Gideon immediately started announcing to everyone that he and Susanna were getting married right then. That hadn't been quite what Anthony had meant  his definition of 'now' allowed for a day or two so friends and relatives could gather  but, after some thought, he decided to go along with it. Why not? Besides, the church was already in a happy uproar of excitement, getting ready for the big event.
He caught movement up near the baptistery. Renzo was peering out the doorway that led to the dressing rooms. He was already in a white robe, the traditional garb for people getting baptized at this church.
"Let's all get Renzo and maybe a few other people baptized, and then we'll all get you married," he said to Gideon and Susanna. He looked at the other couple that was bursting to talk to him. "I'll talk to you as soon as I can, but I need to get the first-rounders taken care of before I start on a second round. Otherwise, we'll suffer logjams. Hang on."
The couple nodded, disappointed, but understanding.
Anthony walked to the front of the church. A curtain into the future seemed to open a crack. He saw graveyards, with maimed survivors mourning their dead. He'd had this dream before, but this time he saw people rising from the graves on an appointed day, to join their Lord. However bad the war turned out to be, it couldn't stop that. Not for the people who were born again before that day, not for the faithful ones. Let the world toss around any definition of victory that it wanted to toss around. This was the only victory that counted in reality, and Anthony was determined to fight for every soul he could help lead home.
Trevin had moved Renzo back to where a baptismal candidate was expected to stand, waiting to be called into the water. Anthony took stock of him, before he went to the pulpit to announce what was about to happen, and to invite others to talk to him about getting baptized. Renzo, having been miseducated since infancy, and having murder under his belt, had a long, hard pilgrimage ahead of him, one that would undoubtedly have some alarming detours  but he seemed to understand that. He also knew that what he was doing was considered treasonous by the government he had served for so long. He knew that he faced torture or death if caught. But there he stood, wanting to sign over his life for God's service in front of all and sundry. It wasn't quite a Saul-to-Paul moment, but it was sweet enough and then some.
Trevin, leaning on a shepherd's crook he'd found in a back room, was standing beside him, ready to fight for him, and beside him, come what may.
A blast rattled the room. It was muffled, light, exasperatingly unfocused and impossible to pinpoint. Probably they were at the far edge of its range. Light as it was, it was the first enemy bomb blast in the experience of most of those present  and for all of them it was the first blast of a war that promised many more attacks  and it stabbed into people's hearts and tore their masks off, and smashed dreams and realigned priorities, even more profoundly than the news of war had.
Anthony stepped to the pulpit. "Somebody check out in the tunnel to see if there's anybody or anything out there that needs immediate attention," he said.
Men looked up and down the way, and reported that there weren't any cave-ins or injuries.
"All right, then. I ask you as a body of believers to step forward and fill the front pews. We are going to baptize Renzo Pendleton, and marry Gideon Valasquez and Susanna Rowell. After that, we'll see if we have time to do any more baptisms or what have you today."
As people moved to fill the pews, Anthony noticed the couple that wanted to talk to him. The young woman was hopeful, oh, so very hopeful. Better yet, the man was too. A good sign that. He saw Bella Charbonneau beaming at the baptistery, and he bet himself he might have another couple in the making. She surprised him, though, by sitting with Robert from Nyssatun. She had some married ladyfriends with her as chaperones, and she didn't sit really close (she wouldn't, though, being a smart girl), but something about the way she and Robert looked at each other suggested possibilities. Time would tell on that, and right now time was wasting. The congregation had settled in, but many of them clearly wished they could be two places at once, here and off checking on whatever damage might have been done. He was holding things up, not a good thing for anyone to do, but especially a pastor, especially right after an enemy attack. He went to the baptistery, stepped down into the water, and welcomed the newborn Renzo into the family of God, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Spirit.
Backstage, Trevin did a little dance, before doubling over and grabbing his sore leg. Anthony smiled. Trevin danced at every baptism. He said they all felt like reverse amputations to him  putting something on that had been cut off, making the Body of Christ whole in ways it hadn't been when it had been missing that one person.
Having thought of that, having caught Trevin's joy and joined it to his own, Anthony couldn't bear not to issue an invitation. "Anybody else need to be baptized, as long as I'm all wet?" he called out. Three people responded. After that was done, it hit Anthony that he'd done his ceremonies of the day in the wrong order. It wasn't quite right, being soggy to do a wedding. "Excuse me, Gideon and Susanna, while I round up some dry clothes," he said.
Gideon grinned. He held up clothes his buddies had discreetly scrounged as soon as it had struck them that the pastor might need some. "Will these do?" he said.
"I like a man who looks ahead," Anthony said. "And I apologize that I didn't. I could have taken care of you first, if I'd been thinking."
"That's all right," Gideon said. "Our kids will love to hear how we got married by a pastor who had to be sponged off first, Lord willing we have kids."
Susanna nearly melted into him, at the sound of him talking about their potential kids.
Anthony hurried off to change clothes.

<[59]>

Era forces finished blowing up the bridge over the Snake River. They considered that they'd done a fine day's work, destroying something that they didn't want to bother defending.
They had no idea what sorts of bridges were being built between people, and between people and God, just a couple miles away, out of sight, at a pace not seen in generations. They probably wouldn't have cared had they known. They thought they were at war with bothersome, under-evolved subhumans that needed to be wiped out for the sake of eugenics, for the promotion of an orderly, scientific society, and for the prevention of thought contamination. They were deluded enough to consider those to be noble goals.
While they were there, they shot a nesting pair of eagles, just for the fun of shooting something magnificent.
One of the men felt a twinge of regret as the eagles fell, but he hid it from his fellows. Men could get killed for objecting to any sort of population control, official or unofficial, whether of animals or people (who, after all, were merely advanced animals, despite apparent evidence to the contrary  scientists said so). Unbidden, something he'd read came to mind: "Not a sparrow falls, but that God sees it." It had been in some pioneer writings that had been on display in a museum, showcasing how far mankind had advanced intellectually in just the last few generations. Until now, he'd pretty much forgotten it. Now that he'd remembered it, he had to wonder what it meant. Looking at a crumpled eagle on the ground, and struggling with an increasing sense of remorse, he had to wonder.

-The End-

Also by Kathryn Judson

Almost Hopeless Horse
Why We Raise Belgian Horses: A Novel
Trouble Pug
Not Exactly Dead (MI5 1/2 Series, Book 1)
Not Exactly Innocent (MI5 1/2 Series, Book 2)
Not Exactly Allies (MI5 1/2 Series, Book 3)
Joanne and I Burn Up (also released as Molly's Awkward Adventure)
The Smolder
The Unexpecteds (A Smolder novel)
Thank you for reading The Birdwatcher. If you liked it, please consider posting a review at your favorite website that posts reader reviews. It would be much appreciated.
