STAR YAWNS 7

A FEW GOOD CADETS

By David & Sabine Williams
Published By David Williams at Smashwords
Copyright 2014 David Williams
Smashwords Edition, License Notes



Previously in Star Yawns:
Suddenly the ship jerked and began to shudder and list slightly to the side. Something was very wrong.
The Captain and Beani-Poohs quickly took the turbo lift up to the bridge.
 What has happened Mr. Sook? the Captain asked as he walked off the lift.
 We have been caught in some type of tractor beam. It seems to be pulling us towards that large moon.
Magnify the moon. The Captain responded.
Looking at it more closely, they could see it was actually not a moon at all but a very sophisticated and large space vessel.
 Can we pull away from it Mr. Sook?
 Negative Captain. He responded after a few moments.
The Captain frowned. We had some success in the past using a tackion beam to break free. Lets see if we are successful again. When youre ready.
Their attempt failed. Their ship was being slowly and steadily drawn towards the vessel and all their attempts to break free fell short as well. Suddenly they saw the ship open up a hatch and the DVD was heading straight for the opening. They could see that it was only a matter of time before they were swallowed up in its depths.
Their attempts became more frantic, but moments later the DVD was entering a vast dark space within the other vessel and the outer hatch closed, leaving them trapped inside. Inside the giant space ship they could see the inner hull but apart from that the ship seemed to be completely empty.

Captains Log: Star Date 30.1012
We have started on our long journey back to the Alpha quadrant. All was going well until a tractor beam caught us and now we have been sucked into a giant space ship that for all intents and purposes is empty. We do not understand how an unmanned ship this large can possibly operate any type of tractor beam, when there are no signs of any machinery or any life forms but here we are. Now we must decide how to escape safely from this extremely large sinister void.

The DVD made its way from one side of the space ship to the other looking for a way to escape. They even took it around the edge near the hull but there was no exit to be seen. It was seventeen hundred hours when the Captain and the other officers sat down in the ready room to assess their situation.
Around the table sat Mr. Sook, Sub-Commander Kazzie-Spockers, Lieutenant Beani-Poohs and Commander La Trenne and Mr. Base. Also Oh-No the shape shifter and Ensigns Lid-Lidia and Follicle and Doctor Flusher were also present.
The Captain looked grimly into the faces of his crew.   Our situation in the last twenty-four hours has remained unchanged. We have tried various methods to extract ourselves and thus far all have failed. We have had no communication of any kind from the vessel or any species in this quadrant that could have dispatched it and captured us. It could be automated but we have no idea how it operates. This situation could well become even more serious. Any ideas on how we can find a solution to our crisis? 
Mr. Sook was the first to speak up.  I have been analyzing the outer hull and it is made of an alloy that is foreign to our data base. I would like to suggest that we try to cut it with our phasers.  Perhaps we will be able to cut through the metal just like an oxygen chatelaine system. We should be able to melt through it just like a hot knife through butter, as it were.
 How would you proceed?
 I would try different settings with different strengths with the phasers until we can determine that its safe to proceed then cut a hole in the hull. It may take many hours, perhaps days, but I think this a logical course of action.
Mr. La Trenne spoke up next.  Have you checked for a force field protecting the hull? Im fairly sure that I detected one when we were first dragged in here.
 We did but if there is a type we have not seen before, we will not be able to proceed. Thats why I would advise caution with the phasers until we can see a safe and successful result.
Mr. Base was next to voice his opinion.  I suggest taking a shuttle craft around the hull for a closer look if we could only find some kind of control panel that would operate the hatch and turn off the tractor beam or even an crack of some kind... Of course if there is a force field this will not work.
 Weve used the magnified screen to already do that, Mr Sook replied,  But it certainly wouldnt hurt to try that either. In a shuttle you would have a closer look at the hull.
Just then the door opened and Mesetta walked in with some cups on a tray and two pots of steaming freshly ground hot coffee.
 Mesetta we are having a meeting here. The Captain said abruptly.
 I know you are and I thought you all could probably use a nice cup of steaming hot coffee about now. I promise I will be very quick.
He put down his tray and quickly gave everybody a cup.
The Captain thoroughly examined the other man.  Mesetta you are from the Beta quadrant. Have you ever heard of any ship being dragged into a giant moon shaped ship like this before?
 No. I have not Captain Angus, this is something I have never heard of before.
 I just thought I would ask, because its unclear how we can escape from here.
Mesetta picked up a coffeepot and started to pour the Captain a cup. The Captain was distracted looking out of the window. After Mesetta had been standing there for more than a minute the Captain was startled to see that he was not moving and the coffee stream was frozen in time. The Captain looked around the table. Every single crewmember had frozen except for himself.
He got up and examined them all. They all had a pulse but were unresponsive to his voice and his questions. Even their eyes were unresponsive. He then walked out onto the bridge. The entire crew on the bridge were all frozen in the same manner.
 On impulse he took the turbo lift down to the Mess room and everybody there was also frozen as well and thus far he had encountered not one crewmember who was able to move around as he was. He was the only one not frozen by the look of it.
 He felt no actual danger just a heightened sense of strangeness. Why was this happening and why had no one communicated with them with demands of any kind? What was the purpose of their capture and his crew being rendered so helpless and useless to the ship? His heart was thumping but this was no time to fall apart. He had to save his crew and his ship.
He decided to go back to his quarters. The door to his cabin opened as usual but as he stepped through the doorway he stepped into another world 

* * * * 

The Captain stood still in what appeared to be some kind of a courtroom and he had a momentary sense of the space receding from him before the dizziness left him. There was no sign of his quarters, his crew or his ship. Everything before him however looked as real as he was.
 Where am I? What is happening? he asked loudly, looking around.
There was a man in human form standing near to the Captain and he turned around.  Sit down and be quiet, we are not ready to start as yet.
 Start what? he demanded. 
 Your trial, of coarse. The man said and went on with sorting some papers at a desk.
 My trial? What trial? Who are you and why am I here? The Captain had no intention of meekly doing what he was told until he had some answers. 
The other man glowered at him.  All will be revealed shortly. Please keep quiet or they will restrain and silence you. We must follow the correct procedures here. Please sit on the chair provided.
The Captain frowned. He decided had no choice for now so he sat down and began to examine and evaluate his surrounding.
It struck him immediately that all the people milling around and finding seats looked human and that the scene before him was reminiscent of a courtroom in the twenty first century on Earth. 
A bailiff, a court stenographer, and twelve members of what appeared to be the jury were present.  The man on his feet next to him was probably his defense attorney and he couldnt help but wonder what the charges would be and how to extract himself from this situation.
What did this have to do with him and his crew? He couldnt even imagine what crime he was accused of or how closely the events to follow would parallel the legal system on earth but all his senses were heightened by the realisation that he was in grave danger here. 
He sat there for more than ten minutes and all this time he saw more and more people filing into the small courtroom.
Finally a man called out,  All rise for the Judge!  The man beside him motioned him to stand. He did so, and a large man in black robes came out of his chambers and took his place. He lifted his gavel and banged it loudly it onto the hard surface of his huge desk.
Then the Captain heard a voice.  This is docket number 31.1012, (which the Captain remembered was the star date of his last log entry) the people of the Beta quadrant verses Captain Angus Hemorrhoid of the Star Ship DVD.
The Judge peered in the Captains direction and addressed the man standing next to him.
 Where is Mr Jones?
The man replied, He has been delayed Your Honor. My apologies. However as his co-chair, I have been instructed to proceed and am ready to do so at your convenience. Mr Jones will join us as soon as he is able to so.
 Very well. Let us proceed if the prosecution is ready?
 We are Your Honor.
The Captain peered around his defense attorneys co-chair and sure enough, there was the prosecuting attorney and his assistant at the parallel desk. He had not noticed their arrival.
The Judge turned expressionlessly to face the Captain.  How do you plead? His voice was deep and polite.
The Captain knew it was important to keep his cool but he naturally felt puzzled and exasperated.  What is this and why am I here? I will not plead until I know what this about.
 So I take it that you are pleading guilty? The Judge asked impassively.
  With all due respect Your Honor I refuse to plead at all. I have no knowledge of why I am here or why I am on trial. Surely I should be informed of the reason?
His defense attorneys co-chair hissed at him.  What are you doing? You cannot speak out like this, it is forbidden. This is your trial and you must plead. To the judge he said,  I apologise for my client Your Honor. He is an alien and unused to our ways.
The judge said,  I will make allowances this once for your ignorance. But do not try my patience. You must enter a plea for these proceedings to continue. We are waiting, and you are wasting this courts precious time.
The Captain knew there was no other course for him but to see this through but he had no intention of making it easy.
 Your Honor, I plead not guilty. He realised this might be the only way he could find out what was going on.
 Bailiff please enter the plea into the record. Would the prosecution care to make an opening statement?
The man stood up.  I am Smith for the prosecution and we are ready to proceed your Honor. Mr Smith cleared his throat.  We have been monitoring the movements of the Captain and his alien vessel for some time now. We have found that they are in violation of many of the inter-planetary laws in our quadrant. This includes the disruption of the space time continuum to the extent that the future has been irreparably altered. Their actions resulted in the planet Junee surviving instead of being destroyed by volcanoes.
The Captain stood up.  Your Honor, may I explain? We saved many lives in that instance we were not aware of breaking any laws
 Silence! yelled the Judge.  Sit down!
His defense attorneys co-chair was tugging at his sleeve.  You cannot interrupt the Judge like that, he whispered urgently.  You must wait until it is your turn to speak. The crimes must be laid out for the court case to be continued.
 Are you ready to proceed? The Judge glared at him. He quickly assured him that they were.
The prosecution continued.  There was also the wormhole incident. They destroyed it. This wormhole was essential to our galaxy and eliminating it has already altered many present and future events.
The Captain could not sit still.  That was an accident, if it please the court. Moronite pirates were attacking us and we had no other options open to us.
The Judge was beginning to lose his temper.  It does NOT please the court. I require you to be silent at all times Captain. Bailiff restrain the prisoner. If necessary, gag him. Captain, you will sit without speaking from now on, or you will suffer the consequences. Please continue.
  Yes Your Honor. The evidence will show that the Captain and crew of the DVD have broken laws that directly affect more than one planet. We became aware that the DVD did prevent a civil war from happening on star date: 24.0815. These are undisputed facts and cannot be denied. However these events have also had a negative affect on the future 
 For instance, the planet Tarrago should have been a barren planet by star date 01.0120, but because of the interference of the DVD crew this planet is still inhabited. It is in turmoil with civil war about to break out. We know that this war will attract others from other planets and will spread throughout the quadrant if not contained. This war will be far worse than the one they have already prevented. 
 There should have been no interference from these aliens. We wish for the Captain and all his crew be put into kryo status for two centuries.
The Captain sat in his chair unable to believe what he was hearing. Not being able to comment was hard for him, especially when he had to hear so much that he did not agree with.
The judge cleared his throat.  Mr White is Mr Jones about to join us at any time or do you wish to proceed?
At that moment a man entered the courtroom.  How nice of you to join us Mr. Jones, said the Judge.
 I apologise Your Honor. It was an unavoidable delay.
 Are you ready to proceed?
 If I may have a moment with my client Your Honor?
 I will give you five minutes when we shall resume. The Judge left the courtroom.
Mr. Jones turned to the Captain.  I am sorry I was late. Please give me a moment to confer with my colleague.
They went over some papers, quietly talking and then Mr Jones said to him,  These are serious crimes Captain. You should have pleaded guilty and thrown yourself on the mercy of the court.
The Captain replied dryly,  From what I have gathered, they are charging me with a so-called crime that has not been committed yet. So I dont have much faith in the mercy of this court. I have my crew to consider. I have no choice but to plead not guilty. I cannot conceive why any being would be on trial for something that has not yet happened. That is not justice, where I come from.
 I can see how you would think that. However our species has guarded this quadrant for all time. We have a duty to see that there are no disruptions to the time continuum. However I concede that you acted in the only way open to you at that time. We must proceed with caution. You must trust me to defend you.
The Captain felt very frustrated by this point.  Please before you go on, will you tell me where I am and what has happened to my crew?
 They did not explain this to you?
 No, they told me to be quiet, every time I asked a question.
Mr Jones sighed. All right then I will tell you. A prison vessel took your ship. There are many other vessels in that ship but you cannot see them because they are all held in different dimensions.
 And where am I right now?
 Nowhere Captain. Your mind has been altered to think that you are in a courtroom, fashioned after a legal building from your own planet.  In fact you are really still on board your own ship.
 I see. And my crew?
 Do not alarm yourself Captain. Time has been slowed down your crew are not in any danger, physical or otherwise. But time has been frozen while the court decides the outcome of your case. Then if you are not guilty you will be released. If guilty, you may be put in stasis for a time but no actual harm will come to you as beings.
 I am on trail but my whole ship will be included in my punishment?
 Yes. You are responsible for your crew Captain. But any decision you make will result in an impact upon them also.
 Why do you take this human form?
 We are beings who would not normally be visible to you in your dimension. We have taken this form because we realise that it will make you more comfortable during these proceedings. Also we have assumed these names for the same purpose. We have a legal system similar to yours, in that we have a judge and a jury and legal representatives. Our laws may be different but the basic concept of right and wrong are the same.
 Mr Jones, please let me inform you that I really dont feel comfortable. I am on trial for what may happen in the future. On my planet we go on trial for things we have done in the past. I am most concerned for my crew.
 Your crew is safe, have no fear. They are in a state of suspended animation and will remain this way until we have a verdict from this trial. As I have already explained if you are found guilty then you will be returned to your ship and will be frozen for a time, just like your crew. If you are innocent then you will be returned to the time that was just before you were arrested and you and your ship will be free to leave the prison ship.
 Will I remember what has happened here?
 Yes you will remember but your crew will never know what has transpired here and the court will make it clear that you should never reveal to them what has occurred either.
The Captain frowned thoughtfully.  I have one more question. How can I defend charges of something that has not taken place yet and will not occur for almost another three years.
 Leave that to me Captain, I may not look like it but I am a very good lawyer.
 It goes against the grain for me to leave myself entirely in your hands. But I can see I have no other choice.
 Correct. You do not. And failure to observe the procedures here could result in additional punishment. Please leave your defense entirely up to me Captain.
Suddenly the door to the Judges chambers opened and everybody stood as he walked back to his desk.
 Are you ready with your defense Mr. Jones? The Judge asked.
 I am your honor.
 Would you care to make an opening statement?
 No I think I will wait for now and make my comments in my closing remarks.
The Captain looked a little uneasy hearing this.
 Mr. Smith, would you like to call your first witness?
 I would your honor. The people call Mr. Brown to the stand.
A tall thin man with glasses took the stand. The Captain thought he looked like his history teacher from when he was at school. At this moment it occurred to the Captain that everybody in the courtroom looked somewhat familiar and he realised that the aliens had used his own memories to create their human like appearance.
Mr. Brown was sworn in and he took his seat.
 Mr. Brown will you please explain to the court what your field of expertise would be? Mr. Smith asked.
Mr. Brown cleared his throat.  I am a temporal scientist and I study time. The history of time, the past the present and the future. My particular interest lies in the field of time space and how we must keep it on its due coarse. To put it in laymans terms.
 I see! Now have you noticed any discrepancies in youre studies lately?
 Yes sir I have.
 How so?
 I have found that since the space ship DVD entered our quadrant we have many hiccups in the time space continuum that were not there previously.
 Mr. Brown would you please expand on what you have said so we can understand?
 Yes sir, I would be happy to. Mr. Brown cleared his throat once more.  I will give an explanation and then I will show the court how this will take place.
 Very well Mr. Brown, proceed.
 The DVD entered our quadrant for the second time some six months ago. We have already heard that they helped the people of Junee by preventing volcanoes from erupting. This planet was due to explode in two years time but because of this interference the planet will continue further than we can map.
 We did save lives! The Captain repeated.
 Silence! yelled the Judge.  You will not interrupt again. Mr. Jones tell your client that he will have his chance to defend himself later. Continue Mr. Brown.
 It is true that lives were saved, but because of this interference an elite scientist will never be born because the line he was to come from will go in a different direction. The wormhole was mentioned before. I have found in the last few days that this does not effect our quadrant in the coming two centuries. We have also seen that the wormhole will repair itself and should be operational in fifty years or so. 
But it has impacted on the planet Tarrago. With the wormhole unusable the DVD was forced to travel back to their own quadrant the long way. So they are still in the Beta quadrant three years from now. We have seen that because of interference they prevent a civil war from occurring on that planet. This planet was scheduled for termination by 01.0120, five and a half years after the war was due to start. 
 But now the time line has been dangerously tampered with future events will be impacted. Where once there would have been peace a new threat will be born. Tarrago will have a long violent history, which will result in further damage after the birth of a half human and half Tarragon child.
 Once this child becomes an adult he and his offspring will be the source of much trouble in this quadrant. They will cause much disharmony and it will take more than a century before it can be corrected and under control once more.
 Do you have evidence of this Mr. Brown?
 Yes I have prepared a history of what happens and I would like to show it to the court. It will play out in real time the events that the DVD crew encounters with the people of Tarrago.
Mr. Jones cleared his throat.  I object to this your honor. The future is not written because it has not happened yet. What we see here may change in the future, especially with the Captain having witnessed this in advance.
The Judge thought for a moment.  Your objection is noted Mr. Jones but I will allow it. Your objection is overruled. Proceed Mr. Brown.
Mr. Smith spoke first.  Thank you your honor. When you are ready Mr. Brown.
Mr. Brown first looked at the judge and then at Mr. Smith.  Before we start I would just like to say that what Mr. Jones said is basically true. The future is not written and with prior knowledge events might change. So this account that we are about to see is the future as it will happen with the time line that we know to be correct at this time.
Suddenly the courtroom darkened and a holographic image appeared in the middle of the courtroom. As the Captain looked on he could see the DVD flying through space and it looked very real.

*  * * *


Captains log: Star Date 19.0815
We have been flying at warp factor nine point five for many weeks now. In the interests of giving our ships engine a rest we shall slow down to orbiting speed during maintenance. In a few hours we will orbit an M class planet with oxygen nitrogen atmosphere. If this planet is suitable I have instructed the crew that we will all take some shore leave. We might even stay in orbit a couple of weeks while we replenish our supplies.

The Captain walked out of his ready room.  Mr. Sook how long before we will be orbiting the planet?
 Approximately twenty minutes Captain.
 Ensign Lid-Lidia would you see if you can hail the authorities on this planet.
Lid-Lidia set to work.  I have someone from the planet Captain.
 Put them on screen.
A few seconds later a man in almost human form appeared. He was thin with very little hair and very large ears. He was also a slight shade of green.
 Welcome to the planet Tarrago, the man said,  my name is Elgin246. I am a representative of the Ambassador in charge of Alien Interactions. How may I serve you?
 I am Captain Hemorrhoid of the Star ship DVD, we are representatives of Star Fleet of the federation of planets from the Alpha quadrant.
 You are a long way from home Captain.
 Yes we are and we have a long journey still ahead of us. We were wondering if we could orbit your planet for perhaps a couple of weeks? In that time the crew will beam down to you planet for some rest and recreation.
 We love to have visitors come to our world. You and your crew are entirely welcome. You can stay here as long as you like.
 Thankyou, you are very kind. I will beam down and meet with you in a short time.
 I look forward to it Captain. Have a small party beam down first and we will explain a few rules about our world to you. Our laws may be different from what you are accustomed to and this orientation is necessary in order to avoid misunderstandings and keep the peace. Once orientation is completed we will be happy to welcome any number of your crew.
 Agreed. We are on a peaceful mission and we thank you for your consideration.
  I look forward to our meeting.  With that the representative signed off.
 What do you make of that Mr. Sook? asked the Captain.
 I would say it is most intriguing, perhaps Mesetta might know something of this planet.
 I was just thinking the same thing. The Captain tapped his COM badge. Mesetta would you be able to come to the bridge for a moment?
 Ill be right there Captain Angus. Came the reply.
A few minutes later Mesetta stepped onto the bridge and the Captain ushered him into the ready room where Mr. Sook and Kazzie-Spockers were also waiting.    
 Take a seat Mesetta. I am hoping you can help us. Soon we will be orbiting the planet Tarrago. I realise your planet was a long way from this one but do you know anything of this world and these people?
Mesetta sat down and started to think.  I do remember hearing about this planet before. A few years ago I had occasion to speak with a man who was a trader who had been here.
 Do you remember what he told you?
 Yes he told me that the people here have names that end in numbers. People with an even number are usually quite well off and the people with odd numbers are poor and are often servants to the even numbered people.
The captain nodded,  Now I understand what the rules must be that Elgin246 is going to inform us of. It seems strange that just a number can determine a beings worth.
Mesetta looked concerned.  Is there a problem Captain?
 No, not so far. We will have to tread lightly it seems. We dont want to do anything to upset these people. We have to remember our own prime directive as well. Thankyou Mesetta, now we know what to expect.

* * * *


Mr. Jones interrupted the proceedings and the lights came on.  Your honor at this point I would like to have the charges dropped. It must seem obvious to this court that the crew of the DVD only had honorable intentions towards the people of Tarrago.
Mr. Smith was quick to interrupt.  Mr. Jones is speaking out of turn. Just because the crew started out with honorable intentions does not mean anything. It is what happened after this is what we are interested in. The time space continuum will still be disrupted.
The judge thrust his gavel heavily onto his desk.  Mr. Jones you are out of order, we will continue with the evidence and try to control yourself. Some of us would like to go home today.
 Yes your honor. Mr. Jones exclaimed. As he turned around to take his seat he winked at the bemused Captain.
The room darkened once more and the holographic image continued.
Now the captain and some of the crew were beaming onto the planet and there was a small gathering to meet them. As the captain and the others materialized the man known as Elgin246 stepped forward to greet them.  

 * * * *

At this point Mr. Brown paused the images and explained that he would go forward in time to where the crew started to beam down to the planet surface. 
He advanced the time to more than six hours and the captain watched as three crewmembers materialized. The captain recognised them as cadets who had been assigned to the ship for just six months further technical training and experience before they were to go back to Star Fleet for further training. They had not been able to return however when the DVD became stranded in the Beta quadrant.
They were all about the same age and had become almost inseparable in their off time. The only male was Steve who everybody called Flip, a nickname he had had since he was small. The two girls were known as Scout (which was her real name) and Tiny who was quite short for her age. 
As they walked into the city they all seemed to be excited and eager, all talking at once and pointing out things of interest.
Suddenly they stopped.         
 Lets have some fun today! said Flip.  I mean lets really have some fun! Weve been cooped up on that star ship for years now and we have a few days to do whatever we like.
 Dont forget the rules though, Tiny reminded.  We dont want to get into trouble.
Flip raised his hand to his brow.  The rules! Are you joking? They only told us that to keep us in line. I never heard so much rubbish.
Scout punched him in the arm at hearing this.  We are on an alien world and we have to respect the customs of this world. Tiny nodded her head.
Flip continued.  You cant possibly be serious, we can only speak to even numbered people unless the odd numbered people are serving us or rendering some type of assistance? These are the most ridiculous rules I have ever heard in my life.
 Nevertheless you will obey them or you can go and have fun by yourself. Scout was becoming angry with him.  You do want to be a Star Fleet officer someday dont you? Im surprised you made it this far with the attitude you display sometimes.
Tiny backed Scout up.  I agree with Scout, we can have fun but we must obey the rules.
Flip gave them both a disapproving look.  I cant believe this, but dont worry I will observe the rules. He bent his fingers mockingly as he said the word rules. Then he changed the subject.  Lets go and find a place to eat, Im very hungry. They gave us some currency from this planet, lets try some of the local food.
At hearing this Scout gave a sigh of relief.  That sounds like a good idea, Im hungry too.
The three of them found a large and busy food market. The colour and noise was confusing at first but the very air of excitement was affecting them all. They looked around with smiling interest. Many of the stalls offered exotic and unusual food, which often smelled very peculiar.
Flip stopped walking suddenly and turned to the two girls.  Do you think the people running these stalls are odd numbered people? How are we supposed to tell one from the other?
Scout rolled her eyes.  It is permissible to talk to odd numbered people if they are in a serving position. We spoke about this before.
 Okay, okay! I still think these rules are lame but I will abide by them.
They walked over to one of the stalls.  Tiny spoke in her little shrill voice.  What type food are you selling please?
The girls skin was a vibrant blue colour. Her lips were full and pale. She had a wide face with lots of dark hair curling right down to her waist in thick rope-like curls.  I am selling vissume, it is a type of local beetle that many people like to eat. The girl recognised that they were aliens and added politely,  Would you care to sample one?
 She put one on some paper and held it out to them. Tiny took it from her and the three of them studied it very closely. 
 Flip you try it first, said Scout.  Tell us if you like it.
 Its a beetle, you try it first. Ive never eaten a beetle in my life.
 Ill try it. Tiny finally decided. She looked at the beetle and took a little bite.
 How was it? Scout asked. She noticed Tiny had a blank expression.
 Nice different. Not bad at all. I would eat it again.
Flip took the beetle and took a bite. On chewing it he found that it tasted awful.     Thats disgusting! he exclaimed, spitting it out.  I thought you said it was nice.
Tiny burst out laughing.  If I told you that it was awful, you never would have tried it. She kept on laughing.
The girl in the stall was watching this and look puzzled.  Will you be wanting to buy some more Vissume?
 No thank you. Scout replied.  Would you be able to tell us where a popular eating place would be, one where we could sit down at a table? 
The girl replied straight away.  If you walk straight up this street and then around the corner there is a very nice eating place, it is called Vsnjw.
 Thank you! Scout replied.
The girl looked puzzled again.  What does thank you mean? Nobody ever said that to me before.
They stared at her.  It is an expression of gratitude. Tiny explained. The girl continued to stare. It was obvious she was not familiar with gratitude of any kind.
Scout wasnt sure how to explain further but before she did Flip whisked her away. 
 Remember the rules, just let it go. They all walked off towards the restaurant. 
On rounding the corner they could clearly see the restaurant called Vsnjw just down the street. It seemed to be very popular as many people were seated inside.
 Welcome to Vsnjw! said a girl as they walked through the door. She also had a blue skin, pale lips and rope-like curls down her back. Her face was wide and her pale eyes were large and slanted.
 Thats easy for you to say! joked Flip. He shut up when the girl merely stared at him.
 My friends and I would like to have a table inside please, Flip said.
 A table for three, said the girl and led them deep into the restaurant. The atmosphere was very noisy, with voices clamoring to be heard above the din coming from the area where several men were cooking in a sectioned off commercial kitchen. 
Scout noticed Captain Hemorrhoid sitting with Lieutenant Beani-Poohs. They were sitting just a few tables from where they were finally seated. On being seated all three were handed menus which they studied straight away.
 I dont think I like this place, said Tiny, looking around with a frown.  I can hardly hear myself think its so noisy, and I cant make heads or tails of this menu.
 The Captain seems to like it. Scout looked over to show the others where he was sitting.  Flip go over and ask the Captain what we should order.
 No, you go, hell think Im stupid. He protested.
 Youre the longest serving cadet, I think you should go.
Before he could argue Flip felt a hand on his shoulder. The Captain had walked over to say hello. 
 Here we have the future of Star Fleet. He mocked.  Are you three having a nice time?
 Yes we are Captain, said Tiny with a small shy smile. Thank you for asking.
 We do however have something you could help us with. Scout glanced hopefully up at him from under her lashes.
 Do you mean the menu? The Lieutenant and myself also had difficulty with it.
 What did you order? asked Flip.
 We asked for the specialty of the house and I must say it was very nice, whatever it was. Be careful not to order any Vissume, the local people like it but it looks just like some type of beetle.
Flip found it hard not to laugh at hearing this.
 Oh and be careful, this restaurant is a little expensive, we found. He turned to walk away.  Enjoy yourselves, who knows how long it will be before we have shore leave again. 
A minute later he and Lieutenant Beani-Poohs left the restaurant.
 Isnt he nice? Scout beamed.  Ill bet some Captains wouldnt even bother to say hello to cadets like us. He took the time and trouble to make sure we were alright.
Flip rolled his eyes.  Not this again, sometimes I think you have some sort of crush on the Captain. In the twentieth century they would call what you have, puppy love. 
Scout was offended.  Thats absurd. I do not have a crush on him.
 He is handsome though. Tiny nodded dreamily.  He has very kind eyes.
Scout instantly agreed.  Yes his eyes are very kind. The Lieutenant is a very lucky woman She was about the say more when the waitress came back to the table.
 Are you ready to order?
Flip was relieved to have the subject changed.  Yes we are, well have three specialties of the house.
 Would you like to order drinks as well?
 What do you recommend?
 The Vissume juice is very nice and we have some Palpa which is very popular.
Flip wasnt sure what to say.  Bring us three Palpas and three glasses of water.
 Very good sir.
Flip was sure he didnt want to continue the conversation the girls were engaging in before the food was ordered so he started a different one.
 You know I think I can tell the difference between the odd people and the even people.
Scout nodded her head.  Yes I think I have worked it out as well. The even numbered people have light green skin with thin faces and little hair. They have large ears too. The odd numbered people have blue skin with wide faces, pale lips, sometimes pale eyes and lots of thick curling hair.
 We must be as clever as each other, to work it out. Flip felt proud of himself.
 I worked it out a long time ago. Tiny scoffed.  I just never said anything. I mean, can it be any more obvious? 
 Sure you did. Flip mocked.
 Oh please what am I, dumb or something? You can see it as plain as that womans blue skin She fell silent as the waitress arrived with the drinks. 
Tiny took a sniff of her drink.  I think Im just going to drink the water, this Palpa smells strange."
 Nonsense! Flip said picking up his glass.  Remember we are exploring strange new worlds, this means finding out about their culture and their food. I admit I wasnt all to keen on the Vissume but I intend to drink this beverage. He raised the glass to his lips and took a large swallow. The others looked on as he sat in silence thinking about what he had just tasted.
 How was it? Scout asked.  Be truthful, no tricks please.
 I liked it. He announced.  I really did. After this glass I may have another. It has a surprising flavour. I dont think I can even describe it.   
Scout tried her drink next and Tiny tried hers last. Before long they were ordering another round. It was tasty, refreshing and the odd spicy yet sweet flavour began to grow on them. Their meals arrived soon after this. It was hard to describe the food some of it could have been a vegetable or a meatit was hard to tell but it was so tasty and they enjoyed everything so much that they decided have some desert as well.
They ordered a purple looking dish that looked like a fruit but almost melted on the tongue. It was served with a strange pungent smelling sauce that coated it just like sticky honey but had a tart flavour not unlike citrus.
By the time dinner was over they were all feeling very full. The service had been excellent and they were thrilled with their first experience of the local culture.
 Yum, Tiny licked the last of her dessert off her spoon.  I dont know what that was but it was delicious! Have you noticed that they like to mix two opposing flavours together?
 Yes, Scout nodded,  not to mention that the worst smelling dishes are the tastiest.
 Its certainly played havoc with our misconceptions about alien food, Flip agreed.
 I wonder how much this will be? The Captain said this place could be expensive. Tiny asked.
 Its a good thing we all pooled the money we were given, said Scout.  Flip you should ask for the bill so we can pay it and get out of here. I need to walk off this meal.
 Yes I will. He responded. He was feeling around in his pocket.
 Thats funny. He said.  I cant feel the money in my pockets.
 I hope youre not being funny again. Scout complained.  Try a different pocket.
Just then the waitress came and put the bill on the table and walked away.
Tiny picked it up and looked it over.  Its not such a high bill, twenty-five credits for all three of us."
Scout was beginning to worry as Flip began to search his other pockets.  Didnt you find the money yet?
Flip tuned red and made a gulping noise.  I remember what happened now.
 What would that be? Scout was not impressed.
 After you gave me your money I was looking at my pants and without thinking I changed them for a clean pair. The money is back on board the ship.
Scout stared.  Tell us you are joking.
 Sorry, no. Its a natural mistake.
 I knew I shouldnt have trusted all your talk about pocket pickers and kept my own money on me.
Tiny sighed.  I usually keep it in my branow I dont have a single credit on me.
Flip ran his hand through his hair.  Look, I didnt mean it. Im sure they will understand I just have to go and get the money.
 We dont know how reasonable they will be about it, Scout countered.  Where I come from, the manager would call for the local authorities to sort it out. I sure hope they dont lock us up for this.
 Perhaps they would allow me to beam back up to the ship and get the money from my other pants while you wait here. Flip suggested.
Scout was appalled at the predicament.  We could only try.
Tiny chewed her lips,  Oh dear, this is just terrible.
Scout signaled to the waitress to come over to the table and explained to her what had happened. At hearing the story the expressionless waitress asked them to please wait at the table. She went to an office and a few minutes later a man with a thin green face walked to their table. He did not look friendly or happy.
 I am the owner of this eating place, my name is Tseb2864. I understand you have no credits to pay for your meals.
Flip answered in a careful and respectful tone.  If you could give me fifteen minutes I will get the money for you. I mislaid it and just have to go back to my ship and get it. I changed clothes and the money was accidentally left behind. We have every intention of paying for the excellent service here.
 That will not be possible. This has happened before and the parties responsible never returned.
 You can trust me, I promise I will come straight back with your money. My friends are willing to stay here until I return.
Tiny and Scout nodded but Tseb2864 shook his head. His expression was even grimmer now than before.
 No, I do not accept your terms. You can work off what you owe me, all three of you. I will require the three of you to work twelve hours each and then you can pay the rest tomorrow. Tomorrow you can pay me ten credits, at that time I will trust you to retrieve the money. Do I make myself clear?
The three cadets were appalled. They stared at him.  Please you dont have to do this, Scout protested.  We will stay here as guarantor for him. When he returns you will have your money. He can beam onto the ship and be back before you know it. Please...
 That is not acceptable. I do not trust Other Worlders. You have the means to disappear and I will be without my credits. We will have no more discussion about this. You will report to the kitchen now and start work. Nomis6402 will tell you what you have to do.
Flip went to speak, but Tseb2864 cut him off.  If you say one more word I will send for the authorities, they do not treat people like you very well. Also give me all devices you have for communication. We will not have you talking to Other Worlders such as yourselves until your debt is paid. 
They looked at one another in dismay. Flip nodded and they reluctantly followed the waitress to the kitchen. 
 Heres an other nice mess youve gotten me into, said Scout scowling at Flip. 
Flip rolled his eyes,  No one could mistake you as a female, you sure know how to play the guilty game...look, you know I didnt mean it.
 There will be no talking. Another man with a thin green face scolded them as he turned towards them.   
The kitchen was large and very busy, there was a crew of six chefs preparing food and many servers walking in and out with trays. Scout spotted a small female youth with a thin green face washing what looked to be some kind of seafood and she was puzzled from what she had heard about alien culture of this planet.
The man with the thin green face walked over to what looked like a communication device and spoke for a few moments and then came back to the three cadets.  I am Nomis6402 and I am the only person you are permitted to speak with while you work your twelve hours for us. Do I make myself clear?
 Crystal! Flip replied with a smirk.
 Because you are new I will let that jest pass, do not test me again or you will find yourself on the floor. Now the three of you can start washing pots and pans to start you off. There is enough work to last almost an hour then I will be back to give you more work.
The three cadets were all assigned to the area of engineering on board the DVD and were not used to washing dishes or pots as replicators usually did this for them. They stared in horror at the piles of smelly, dirty dishes, some with food still on them. The water had been made extremely hot and all the pots were very dirty and took a lot of work to scrape and wash them clean. 
After just one hour the three of them were very tired and could not believe they still had eleven hours to go until the debt would be paid back. There was no climate control of any kind in the kitchen area and they were perspiring heavily already. Around the kitchen area they could see more and more people arriving to eat their meals and the noise level never decreased for even a second. It was clear that there were going to be many more dishes and pots to wash.
As Flip was working he whispered to Scout.  I think these aliens are going to kill me with all this work. 
Suddenly he was pulled violently backwards as Scout screamed and his head exploded, just before darkness swallowed him up...
The next he knew he was waking up in a cool storeroom and he had a painful bruise on the side of his head.
He was not alone. A small green female alien was sitting on a box of provisions, studying him curiously. She smiled at him.
 How does your head feel? He really hit you hard.
Flip was shocked.  Do you mean that Nomis person hit me? 
The girl waved her arms around.  Keep your voice down or he will do it again.
 Id like to see him try! If I had seen him coming it would be a different story, he would be the one lying in here now.
 Hes very tough. He used to pick fights with odds just for fun and he always won. I advise you to be careful.
 Well Im very good with my fists. Ill show him if he comes at me again.
The girl fell silent for a moment and was studying him.  You and the others have strange coloured skin, where do you come from?
He groaned as he pulled himself into a sitting position. He felt a little dizzy but it passed quickly and he looked around the storeroom.
 We come from Earth, its a planet in the Alpha Quadrant. Its many light years from here. He answered as looked for a way out. Clearly he and the girl had been locked in.
 The Alpha what? You sure do talk strange.
Flip checked the translator clipped to his collar. It appeared to be working fine.
 Lets just say its a long way from here. We are on our way back home. Its just taking much longer than we thought it would. He paused.  May I ask you a question?
 If you like. She smiled.
 I saw that you were working when we came into the kitchen and you are an even person. I thought the odd people did the menial work. Is there a reason why you were doing this?
She started to laugh.  I am Nomis6402s daughter and he is training me to do his job for the day when I take over from him. He believes that a person in charge should know how to do all the different jobs in the kitchen. I do not serve in the eating area though. No even will ever serve another even, it is just not done. But I must have a working knowledge of all the functions of each department in order to manage a business efficiently.
Flip nodded his head. Even though this girl looked so different he could feel himself being drawn to her. She was very attractive he thought.
 Why are you in here? he asked.
She grinned.  I took some personal time when I should have been supervising the cleaning of the personal grooming areas. I do not like that part of the job. It smells in there.
 Oh, well I can understand that.
She kept on smiling at him, which made him slightly uncomfortable, so he asked another question.  What is your name?
 I am Ynnej648622. How are you called?
 My friends call me Flip.
She looked puzzled.  Flip? Just Flip, no numerical designation?
 Im afraid not. Where I come from we just have names with no numbers.
 How do you tell the servants from the masters then?
Before Flip could answer the door burst open and Nomis6402 walked in.  You have missed twenty minutes of work and you will make up this time before you leave here. Now get back to work and this time, no talking.
Flip looked up at the man and considered taking him on but he was already in enough trouble. Nomis6402 was standing over him with hostile eyes as if daring Flip to react so that he could pound into him some more. 
Flip looked at the girl's sympathetic eyes, then he got up painfully and walked back to the kitchen without a word. 
Scout and Tiny said nothing but they were both glad to see him.

Mr. Brown now spanned over the next lot of hours until they were finished working in the kitchen.

* * * *

At the end of the night the three of them were very glad it was over. They were just about to leave when Tseb2864 came into the kitchen. 
 You have all given me twelve hours but I still require ten credits to square up the bill.
 I will go and get you the rest of the money. Said Flip.  I will bring it to you in half an hour.
 I still do not trust you so I will send someone with you and she can bring the money back here. He called the small girl over to where they were standing.
 Ynnej648622 you go with this Other Worlder and make sure you bring the money back by the time we open today. Do not trust him, treat him like you would an odd.
She looked very serious.  Yes Sir, you can count on me, but you have to ask me nicely.
The man ignored the girls remark and then handed Flip the communication devices back.
Flip turned to Scout and Tiny.  What do you want to do, do you to want beam back up to the ship?
 What do you think? Tiny wasnt impressed.  We are both exhausted after working all night. Besides we have no money, remember. We are going back to the ship to get some sleep.
Before long the four of them beamed aboard the DVD. They stepped off the transporter pad and into the hallway.
The young girl stared around her in awe as she stepped off the transporter.
 Ill take Ynnej648622 with me and give her the money, said Flip. 
 You two better head off to bed.
Scout regarded him suspiciously.  Do you mean she is going back to your quarters with you?
 I have to take her there to give her the money.
 I may tag along to be a chaperone. There was a definite hostile note in her voice.
 That wont necessary I assure you. This whole exercise will take about five minutes and then we can put this horrible ordeal behind us.
 Are you sure thats all the time it will take? she asked distrustfully.
 You can take my word for it. Besides I do have a room mate, remember.
 We'd better let someone know in the morning about what happened, Tiny suggested.
 Good idea, Scout agreed.  We can't let this happen to anyone else and beside I question if they had the authority to keep us back like that and threaten us the way that they did.
Scout and Tiny walked wearily back in the direction of their quarters. Flip turned to the girl. 
 You come with me Ynnej..
She cut him off.  Just call me 22, it will be much easier.
They took the turbo lift down a few floors and they walked to his room.  Do you really have a room mate? she inquired.
 Yes but he wont be there. According to the duty roster he started work an hour ago. Unless they changed it since yesterday.
He opened the door to his quarters and they stepped inside.
 On lights! Full power! he said and he walked towards his bedroom. 
 My pants are here I think. Ill have your money in a moment.
 Please do not trouble yourself to hurry. She said.  Im fascinated with your quarters. Ive never been in a single man's dwelling before.
 It's no trouble at all 22, as soon as I find those pants you can leave.
 Are you worried your female will be angry if I stay too long? she smiled.
 Shes not my female, shes just a friend. Thats all.
 Whats his name? she inquired.
Flip walked out of his room.  Whose name?
 Your room mate's name? she giggled.
 Oh, his name is Lucas, he is also from Earth. She was looking very cute he thought, for an alien as she peered curiously around the living quarters. He supposed that she had probably never been aboard a space vessel before and well, the DVD was no ordinary space vessel so she was right to be impressed.
 Did you find them yet?
 No. I cant seem to find them anywhere. With her in the room he was feeling a little nervous. He looked under the bed, in the wardrobe. He couldnt imagine what had happened to them.
As he walked out of the bedroom he found to his sudden shock that she was taking her clothes off. 
 What are you doing? he stammered, stunned.
 It is a custom with my people to bathe when we enter someones house. May I have a drying cloth please? She asked it so casually that for a moment he wondered if he were dreaming.
Flip gaped.  You can't do that... Do you have to observe this custom today? I mean, right NOW?
 Yes I must bathe. A drying cloth please. She repeated.
In a sudden panic he quickly fetched her a towel, averting his eyes from her nakedness. It was the only way he could think of to get her covered up as fast as possible. But she simply took it from him and walked into the bathroom, half closing the door.  Would you like to join me? she giggled.  You smell like you could use a shower.
He heard the door of the shower close as she stepped in and then the sound of water running.
 No, I dont think so. He was very nervous now and what was more he could feel himself blushing. Not just because she had no clothes on but because she had, in effect, called him smelly.
He began searching again but still couldnt find the pants. He thought if he could only find them, she could leave all that much sooner. This had to be one of the most bizarre situations he had ever found himself in. Alien females were definitely outside of his experience.
This was a dilemma he just hadn't foreseen. What was he going to do if he couldn't get her out of there? What kind of person had to bathe on entering someone's home? How weird a custom was that? Was it some kind of a trick? Her father must have foreseen this... did this mean he was being set up for something else now?
Just then he spotted the pants on a chair in the bathroom. He walked towards the door, averting his eyes and she saw him.  I thought you would be curious to see my alien form. Did you change your mind? There is plenty of room in here for both of us.
 No, no, that's fine... I'm good. I will have a shower later, I just want to get those pants. He kept his eyes firmly turned away.
She laughed as she opened the door of the shower and grabbed them.  Come and get them. With a mischievous smile she laughed and turned back into the shower with them.
 Hey! Why did you do that? he was horrified. She giggled again.
He backed out of the room. What now? He panicked, there must be a way to get her out. 
Just then the door beeped. He stared at it. Oh no! Since it wasn't locked, in the next second it slid open and Scout was standing in the entrance. 
She did not look happy. 
 Is she gone yet?
Flip swallowed hard trying not to look as uncomfortable as he felt. 
 Not yet, but it wont be long. He was praying that the girl would walk out of there, dressed and not mention the shower. He was so embarrassed he didn't know what to do.
Scout walked in looking about.  Where is she then?
Flip's eyes closed and he took a deep breath. Oh well, it was now or never. Just keep it casual, he thought and hopefully she wouldn't react badly.
 Shes in the shower. Its a custom with her people to bathe upon entering someone else's home... that's what, er, she said.
Scout was appalled.  A custom to take a shower in a strange mans quarters? Her eyes shot to the bathroom as her mouth dropped open.
Just then 22 called out.  If you want your pants youd better come and get them!
Flip froze. No, it couldn't really get any worse than this. 
Scout looked very upset. She took a deep breath, her chest rose and fell and she glared at him:  You stink Flip! she yelled, then stalked furiously out of his quarters. 
Flip felt like a fool as the door swished closed behind her. They weren't going steady or even dating so he had no idea why he should be feeling guilty anyway. He hadn't done anything wrong! But no doubt about it, the situation was proving to be most awkward.
By this time 22 came walking out of the bathroom with a large towel around her.
 Was that your female? Did she not wish to stay and observe the custom of welcome? She is not very talkative. She did not stay to greet me. She did not appear to think anything was out of the ordinary and there was true puzzlement in her eyes.
Flip was feeling a little angry now. He stormed into the bathroom and grabbed the wet pants. The credits were soggy but still all right. He counted out ten and handed them to her.  Here is your money, you can go now.
 Im not dressed, she pointed out logically,  I cannot walk out of here with a drying cloth around me. Also, we have not finished observing the custom...
Flip sighed,  Look 22 it's not MY custom, it's yours. In our culture we don't walk around like that and we don't go into each others homes to bathe...
Her brows rose.  You do not?
He paused.  No. In fact you shouldn't be here.
 But I was instructed to accompany you and take back the money, she pointed out.
 Yes, I know. Perhaps you can dress and do that little thing?
She walked back into the bathroom.  Do you have something I can brush my hair with?
He walked in and found a comb and handed it to her. As he held it towards her she caught his hand and dragged herself towards him, kissing him on the lips. 
At first he resisted, he was stunned...but suddenly he found himself enjoying it and before long he didnt want it to end. Her lips were so soft and yes it was a bit of thrill to have an alien girl enthusiastically kissing him. Finally when he pulled away from her he felt a little lightheaded.
 That was very nice. I wondered if it would be the same. She smiled.  Would you like to kiss me again?
He looked into her cute eyes and started to lean towards her to kiss her but then remembered all the events of that very long day.  We shouldnt do it again, we should be strong.
 But I dont want to be strong, I want to be weak. She leaned forwards again and kissed him once again.
Flip seemed to lose himself again like he had done the first time and they lingered for quite awhile, holding each other as they explored this wonderful sensation. When it was over he once again felt lightheaded. It was worse than the first time and now he had to sit down to recover. He noticed the clock on the wall and it was almost an hour later. Surely they hadnt been kissing this long. 
 Look 22, you have to go back. You had better put your clothes on now and beam back to your planet. I intend to get some sleep. 
 You should not do that I am thinking.
 Why not? Im very tired.
 I want you to come back to the planet with me. I want to introduce you to my male partner.
Flip couldnt believe his ears.  Your male partner! Why would you be fooling around with me if you have a husband?
 What is a husband?
 You know, a mate, a partner.
 Oh a life partner. No we are not bonded. He is only my male partner.
 Oh. A boyfriend?
 What is a boyfriend?
 A male you are going out with.
 Going out with? That is a very quaint term but it makes sense. What is a female called if she is not a life partner?
 A girlfriend.
 May I be your girlfriend?
 No, no. You already have a boyfriend. You can't have two.
 I cannot? How strange. If I am not life bonded with a male why cannot I have more than one boyfriend?
 It is just not done that way... at least, it shouldn't be.
 Your culture is very strange. May we kiss once more?
 But why would you want to? What about your boyfriend?
 You are amusing and I like kissing you. Also with you I feel free. He is much more serious than you are. He would not care if you kissed me, customs are different on my planet. As long as we are not life bonded we can keep company with many others. I can tell things are different on your world. Are you concerned your female will be angry with you for kissing me? Is she your girlfriend?
 I told you before she is just a friend, we are not a couple.
 Perhaps you dont know that she is your girlfriend. I knew the first time I saw her. She is very angry with you now. Enough that you may have to present her with a gift of appeasement.
 She is angry yes but I have never asked her to be my girlfriend. If she is angry though, it will be hard on our friendship. So how do you suggest that I go about doing this gift thing?
 My boyfriend will give you some medicine you can give to her and she will be like clay in your hands after that.
 Medicine? It will make her...
 More amenable to you, yes. She will forgive you swiftly and will desire to do so. Then when the medicine wears off she will not remember her anger towards you.
Flip paused for a moment.  I dont know that I would do such a thing. It doesn't seem quite honest. If she can't forgive me naturally it won't mean as much. But it's a moot point because I dont think I even want a girlfriend at this point of my life.
22 gave him a very sweet smile.  Most certainly you do. Kiss me again and I shall prove it to you.
As he looked into her eyes he realised they had a somewhat hypnotic effect on him.
 No. No, you had better save your kisses for this boyfriend of yours. Besides I was dizzy from kissing you both times.
 Will you come and meet him? You may be surprised when you see who he is. Besides it is not safe for a girl my age to walk around with credits, she added ingeniously. 
Flip laughed.  I have a feeling you can take care of yourself and I wouldnt be surprised if your boyfriend doesnt trust you at all.
She just laughed, then went into the bathroom to dress.
 You will escort me?
Flip sighed.  Yes. Okay, I will. But no funny business...
 Funny business? What is that? she called from behind the door.
 Never mind. It takes too long to explain.
 I am ready.
She stepped out and held out her hand. He automatically took it and as he led her out of his quarters he muttered half under his breath:
  That's more than I am.
22 said nothing at hearing this. She just smiled. Ten minutes later they both beamed down to the planet.
After they materialized Flip felt the lightheaded feeling coming back as he swayed on his feet.
 Are you alright? She asked, holding onto his arm. She was studying him intently.
 Ever since I kissed you I have been feeling not quite right. He mumbled.  It's really strange... Also more time passed than I thought it had. How long were we kissing anyway?
She smiled at him very sweetly.  I never kiss and tell.
 What happened to me? Why do I feel so strange now?
 You will be alright, she assured him,  It is sometimes a natural reaction. Making love to a Tarragon woman can take away your strength.
 I only kissed you... Why would kissing make me so dizzy? She put her finger over his lips to stop him speaking.
 You ask too many questions. Now walk with me and make sure I am safe. Tarragon women do not normally carry credits.
Flip was too lightheaded and confused to wonder why it was her father had sent her with him if she wasn't supposed to carry the money back after all.

* * * *

Flip still felt too fuzzy in the brain to realise that they were walking in an entirely different direction than the one to the restaurant. Nor did he notice that the houses in this area were very run down and the streets not very well cared for. He was too bemused to do anything but let 22 lead him onward by the hand. 
She led him to a large wire gate with a compound behind it where blue faced guards were checking everybody who came in and out. They had huge wooden clubs in their hands and they did not look friendly. 
As Flip and 22 approached they pointed the weapons straight at them but 22 didn't even hesitate as they suspiciously barked,  What do you want here?
 We have come to see Eomor335535. 22 stated firmly. Flip swayed a little, frowning as he tried to take in what she was saying. He looked down at her, puzzled, as the guard answered her.
 We told you to never come here. You are an even and your companion is an alien. Leave and do not return. He jerked his head to the side, his eyes scornful.
But 22 was made of sterner stuff and was determined not to be put off.  My friend here needs to meet with Eomor335535. He is expecting us, she stated calmly.
 Are you telling the truth? The guard didn't believe her.
 Of course I am. I do not lie.
The guard considered her.  It would not go well for you if I discovered otherwise. We do not have to bow down to your kind in our own place. I do not think you should be here, but if he asked for you... you may proceed. He lowered his weapon and let them into the compound. He watched them with a most unfriendly expression as they passed through the entrance.
Flip was thinking carefully and he finally realised something. In spite of his lightheadedness he wasn't stupid.
As they walked inside the compound, he said to her.  You didnt tell me your boyfriend is an odd person. And I mean that in the nicest possible way.
 Shh! Keep your voice down. She jerked his hand.  Do not say this in the hearing of the guards. It is dangerous.  Would you have come here if I had told you he was of the other numerical designation? He is the brother of one of the chefs at the eating place. It is not done for odds and evens to mix socially.
Flip thought for moment.  I suppose I still would have come. It makes no difference to me what numerical designation he is.
There was a house inside the compound that looked bigger and better than the rest. It was at this house that she knocked on the door. A large blue faced woman opened the door a few minutes later.
 Is 35 here? We need to see him. 22 said without the customary greeting.
The woman frowned at her.  You are an even. What do you want with him?
22 stared steadily into her eyes.  It is of no concern to you. He is expecting me. Stand aside and let us enter.
 You should not be here. In this place I am not your servant. Are you sure he is expecting you? An even?
  Yes. He is.
The woman sniffed and disappeared inside and few minutes later a large blue faced man appeared on the balcony above them.
He looked down at her and hissed:  22! You should not have come here! It is not done... and why did you bring this alien with you?
She stepped back to look up at him properly and Flip did the same, he grinned and lamely waved a hand up at the boyfriend.
 Come down here so we can talk, 22 suggested,  We need to see you. It is not fitting to speak from down here.
He disappeared from the balcony and Flip grinned down at her.  Are you going to have to bathe again?
She glared at him.  Evens do not bathe in the houses of odds. But the custom is observed among our own numerical designation.
 So he won't bathe in yours either?
 Correct.
 I'll say it again. You lot sure do have strange hospitality customs.
22 frowned at him and then smiled when the large man appeared and
joined them on the street. 
Flip looked at him with interest. He was a huge and well-proportioned tall male, with dark hair fastened at the nape of his neck with a silver cord of some kind. His eyes were direct and expressionless.
22 did the introductions.  35 this is Flip from the planet Earth, his people are visiting Tarrago. His space vessel is orbiting our planet.
 Flip is a funny name. He mocked.  Flip? Who would name their offspring Flip? 
He stood staring at Flip as he crossed his arms across his massive chest. Flip stared warily back. He decided to be very friendly in response to what he recognised as male possessiveness.
 Flip is not my real name, its a nick-name. My real name is Steve.
 Steve? That is a weak sounding name. There are not even any numerals in it. I think I like Flip better. He was definitely mocking him now. 22 was looking a little impatient but she said nothing.
35 stared him down and Flip was too lightheaded to let himself worry too much about it. He felt safe enough. 22 was a determined girl and he was sure she wasn't going to let anything happen to him, even if the guards were within sight, if not sound. He also was certainly not going to mention those kisses on the DVD with this feisty little alien to the giant standing before him.
 Enough of this. 22 sighed, after about a minute.  Are you going to invite us inside?
 No. The hour is late. I could not come up with a good excuse for your presence here if asked. You are not here to work thus your visit will be construed with suspicion should I invite you inside. He looked down at her and his eyes softened.  I am sorry.
She shrugged.  I understand. But we must talk. Now.
 Nevertheless you can not come in. We can go down the street to talk. He started to guide then down the street when she broke away and ran back to the house and opened the door. Inside she could see an arsenal of weapons and at the sight of this she was shocked.
 What is going on here? she demanded.
35 hissed.  What are you doing? Are you mad? You were not supposed to see all that.
 35, what are you up to? This is a serious offense. Odds are not permitted weapons of any sort.
 Quiet 22! You must swear that you will say nothing of this. It has nothing to do with you. You must say nothing of this to a single soul. Your companion must also be silent. This knowledge could be very dangerous for you.
 He pushed her outside and shut the door. He looked at Flip.  You must also forget what you saw.
Flip held up both hands.  I'm not interested in getting into any more trouble believe me.
Before anyone could say another word the guards were standing behind them.
 Did she just go into your house? asked one angrily.
35 defended her.  She saw the weapons but she wont say anything. I know her and she is loyal to me.
He moved slightly in front of her. Flip watched the guard warily. Oh boy, this was not going good. He knew he should have stayed on the ship. This girl had brought him nothing but more trouble.
The man snapped back at 35.  What are you talking about?  Shes an even. Evens are not loyal to odds. Of course shell tell them about us. You can't trust any of them.
22 spoke up.  I am a friend to 35. Do not worry, your secret is safe with me. She nudged Flip and whispered.  Tell them you wont say anything.
Flip was just about to say something when an older man stepped in. 
 My name is Noskcaj797575 and you two are not going anywhere.
 We cannot stay, 22 protested immediately and with some authority. Flip reasoned that she was using being an even to her advantage. The old man seemed to realise it too for a faint smile touched his lips and he bowed as he answered her courteously...but firmly.
 It is too late. Events are transpiring right now that your very presence could jeopardize.
 They are harmless, 35 stated.  There is no need...
 Please 35, silence. We shall have to up act quickly. Once even a few know we lose our advantage.
 Weapons mean war, 22 said bravely.  You are acting in a war-like manner. That is an offense which could get you locked away for life, or even killed.
 22! 35 groaned,  Why can't you ever learn to be quiet.
The old man nodded.  They already know too much so it won't hurt to tell you what we plan to do. He looked at Flip.  It is worse, since you are an alien. But there is no hope for secrecy now.
 We mean you no harm, Flip said.  We don't want to know what you are doing anyway...
 That does not matter at this stage. You may as well know the rest. We were waiting for a good opportunity to rebel against the evens, we have the weapons and we have the manpower, so now we are going to do this much sooner than planned. In fact this will happen tonight as soon as it is dark.
22 was shocked.  You mean a coup? You cannot be serious and there is no way you could accomplish this successfully. You must desist at once. It is madness to continue. You cannot prevail.
Noskcaj797575 shook his head.  Your protests mean nothing. The time has come for us to act. Nothing will stop us. We are being persecuted daily. Our history as inferior beings on our own home world has been a long and painful one. We demand equality.
22 shook her head.  No, it won't work. You don't know what you are doing. 35 how could you be a part of this? This isnt the way, please believe me.
35 sighed.  22 the world such as it is here, is not just. Odds and evens are separate. We hope to join the two, so that we are equal. Then those such as you and I... he trailed off as he realised he couldnt reveal their real relationship.  But he could see from her eyes that she understood but she still frowned anxiously.
 It has never been done 35. I can't see it working. In time, perhaps there may be some small changes but an outright revolt... people are going to be hurt, perhaps killed. You cannot do it, please! She was begging now, frantic to stop this foolish plan.
Flip cleared his throat.  I know I am a stranger here. But 22 is right. My home planet has had a similar history and if I could perhaps tell you some of it?
The guard snorted.  Do we look like we have time for a history lesson? Don't interfere Other Worlder.
 Its because I am an Other Worlder that you should listen.
The older man nodded.  We will listen.... it is always wise to take counsel.
The guards grumbled and 35 and 22 waited expectantly for him to continue.
 In the history of Earth...which is my home world there have been revolutions from time to time. It always ends up with many people being killed on both sides and nine times out of ten the problems are not solved. What you have in place of the old hostilities are a whole lot of new problems to contend with. The only way to effect real change is with patience and time... you must find a way to meet with the higher authorities and tell them you need change. He looked around at their stony faces and continued earnestly.
 I understand how difficult it must be.  You want to be equal with the evens and live in a world with no compounds and no threat of violence for enjoying an equal existence. This can only be done if they will sit down with you and work these things out. Violence has only ever brought about more violence.
There was grumbling at this and Noskcaj797575 answered.  Dont you think we have tried that? It is no use. All the evens want are slaves to do their bidding. We will not be their slaves any longer. We want our own homes where we can live in peace. We want to manage our own finances. We want to be able to choose our professions. We want to be able to have a say in the running of our governments. We realise that there will be some unavoidable losses. But it must be done this way.
35 spoke up.  I agree we need to act on this. But perhaps we should reconsidertonight is not a good time. All the moons around this planet will be full. We need a night when there is no moonlight. We need to remain undetected.
They all looked up at the night sky and several men began to nod. 
 Perhaps youre right 35. Noskcaj797575 nodded.  If we can secure these two then we will wait a few more days.
 What should we do with them? One of the guards asked, flashing Flip a look of dislike. Flips stomach churned. He sure hoped this didnt mean an early grave for him and 22.
Noskcaj797575 considered them thoughtfully and his answer relieved Flips mind.  Take their communication devices and lock them up somewhere. We can not risk them talking to the authorities. But do not hurt them. It is not our aim to hurt innocent beings if we can prevent it. Our coup is necessary but we dont like violence for its own sake. We need time, even though we are ready. We need to surprise these evens, this will be our greatest advantage. But it must be at the right time.
35 and one of the guards grabbed hold of Flip and 22 and took them to a small house, which resembled a jail cell. They were pushed inside. From the moment 35 had grabbed 22s arm she was protesting and he was ignoring her. But he didnt look happy.
The guard scowled at her and left. 35 stood with the key in his hand, looking very unhappy. Flip knew he wasnt worried about them making a break for it, he was too massive for them to take him on. He stood back and tried to give them some privacy. 22 tried again, this time she ruthlessly used their secret relationship.
 35 youre not going to treat me like this are you? I am your female. I cant believe you are locking me up like a common prisoner. Her tone was creeping up to one of outrage.
35 eyes considered her seriously.  You have never known what it is to be a prisoner, 22, he said evenly.  That is the whole point. You will never know what it is like to be an odd. A slave. Subject to anothers will. Anothers law. You have not even tried to imagine it. You are in fact an even who will have odds as work slaves in your fathers business. You are one of them.
22 jerked back with a look of shock, as though he had struck her. 
 I I 35! You know I am kind to the odds at the restaurant
He stood there just looking at her. She was hurt but Flip, watching from behind her, couldnt help feeling that 35 was right. 22 was a young, determined but foolish girl, who probably had never given much of a thought to her fathers workers.
22 shook her head.  You are wrong about me. I am not like them. I would not have an association with you if I was.
35 sighed.  But you think you are superior to me, dont you?
22 couldnt answer but the flush in her cheeks was his answer. Still, it was not in her nature to just give up.
 35. You know you cannot lock up an even. It is against the law to lift a hand against me.
 I havent lifted a hand against you.
 Not yet, no. But your friends might. We are your prisoners and that is against the law. I would not give evidence against you, you must know that. If you let us go, you have our word we shall not reveal what we have seen and heard tonight. Please, dont lock us up. I am your female.
 No, you are not, he said, to Flips shock.  We are friends. But we cannot be more. It cannot work. I have a mission to complete and you are on the other side, no matter what I may feel about you. But officially, we cannot be partners or bonded for life either. It will never happen. So, please stop saying you are my female.
She protested once more but he cut her off.  As to the other, 22 you must think us naive to think you would keep quiet. As an even you are required by law to report any unlawful activity of an odd. We cannot trust you. I cannot trust you. I thought at first I could but once Noskcaj797575 outlined our plans, I knew that we could not let you go until we finished our mission. You know too much.
 35 why does it have to be this way? she wailed. Her hand reached for him but he stepped back shaking his head.
  22. You are an even and I am an odd. Soon my people and yours will be at war. At the moment you both know too much so you must stay here until we attack the evens. With that he slammed the door, locking it from the outside.
It was very small and cramped inside the room. There was a small window that was high on the wall, one chair and one single bed. The walls were made of clay and the floor was dirt. One very narrow door led to a cupboard-sized room where the facilities were primitive but at least they could relieve themselves if they had to.
Flip looked around the room for a way out but with no success. He watched as 22 sat down on the bed, her head was down, her expression forlorn and tears brimmed in her eyes.
 I cant believe he did it. I thought
 22 I am beginning to think your thoughts are dangerous ones. You dont seem to think quite like other people. For a start, you make too many assumptions. I think thats because you are really very inexperienced with handling people. You took a lot for granted with 35 I think.
She shook her head.  No. I know he had feelings for me. I only just realised however that my feelings for him are much stronger than I thought. Now that he is rejecting me as his female I am finding it very hard to accept. He must see that he is wrong! They must let us out.
Flip sighed. You might as well get used to the fact that we are stuck here for quite a while.
Flip looked at the bed and remembered how tired he was feeling.  If you dont mind I would like to lie down. I could really use some sleep.
 There is room. She shifted to the chair and he thankfully lay down.
She smiled at him through her tears.  I am tired as well. We can both share the bed. It may be snug but we will both be warm.
Flip remembered how he had shared a bed with his brother when he was a child. 
 I will lie at one end and you lie the other way. Then we will have no problem.
 Flip I would like it if you held me in your arms like you did in your quarters. I know I would sleep well that way. I am feeling veryworried.
Flip looked into her hypnotic eyes again and was very tempted to say yes. Then he thought about the situation they were in and the fact that 35 could open the door anytime. 
 No, we had better not chance 35 seeing us together that way. I think he may not be indifferent to that. We will sleep the way I suggested. If you cant be happy with this arrangement I will sit in the chair and try and sleep there.
 Oh very well. But Flip you are a strange being. I want the pillow.
He didnt argue. He rolled up his jacket and tucked her feet under his arm. She sighed. He stared at the ceiling through he dark, listening to the night noises. 
In spite of her anxiety 22 seemed to be one of those females who could fall fast asleep within seconds. She gently snored from the other end of the bed. Flip smiled. She was the most unusual female he had ever met, that was for sure.
Flip didnt even notice when his eyes grew heavy and he fell fast asleep


* * * *


Scout marched down the hallway to Flips quarters. At the door there was no response and she tried again but the door remained closed. She stood there biting her lip. She was sorry for way she had overreacted the night before and she wanted to apologise, just to keep the peace.  She had been genuinely shocked to witness what was happening in his cabin and had reacted predictably.
She knew Flip had no idea of her real feelings for him and if she wasnt careful she could lose the friendship that they did have. But she was honest enough with herself to realise that she had another motive for being there. She wanted to make sure that little green vixen from Tarrago was gone. She was jealous, she admitted it and maybe she had no rights when it came to Flip. But she was damned if she was going to stand aside and give him up to her.
After five minutes she realised Flip wasnt there so she tried to page him on his Comm badge, but with no luck. She had no idea where he might be. Although she suspected he was back on the planet and was not responding. 
Where had that little green pest lured him to now? She knew that Flip was stupid enough to leave his quarters again. It would not surprise her to learn that he had gone back to the restaurant with that female. He would be dumb enough to do it. It annoyed her that he had probably been gone the entire night. He was not on duty until later that day but he certainly wasnt sleeping in. He would have answered her otherwise. So that meant he had turned his Comm badge off and was doing goodness knew what.
She scowled at the thought of that 22 female. Thank goodness they would be leaving the planet soon and she wouldnt be around anymore to distract Flip. Then maybe Scout may have a chance. 
It was getting harder and harder for her to watch him seeing other women right in front of her but she had the added advantage of working with him every day and sooner or later he was going to see her. Really see her as an attractive fitting companion to him.
After about an hour of fruitlessly trying to contact him she was beginning to feel that something was not quite right and then decided to speak with the Captain about it. She found him on the bridge checking over a few things. 
When he saw her he smiled at her.  Did you and your friends have a nice meal last night?
 Yes we did thank you Captain, the meal itself was very nice. It was what happened after that that caused us some concern. Here is my official report for the record Sir. She proceeded to explain to the Captain all that had taken place, up till that point in time.
The Captain looked very grave.  Thank you, that was very logical and well presented. You will be interested to learn that yours are not the first complaints we have had from the crew. Other crewmembers have also complained about their shore leave on this planet. 
 I will admit it can be confronting to have to deal with the laws on this planet regarding the attitudes of the even people towards the odds. I am considering cutting short the shore leave here and proceeding to another planet and resuming shore leave there.
Scout frowned.  Sir, Flip seems to be missing. I think he is on the planet with the even girl and he is not answering his Comm badge. 
The Captain nodded.  He is not the last straggler. We are proceeding with roll call this morning. Dont worry, Cadet. You leave it with me. Do not beam down to the planet yourself to search for him. I will send a team down to look for him and any others. Let me know every place you visited yesterday and we shall try to locate him.
Scout proceeded to do so. After this she left the bridge and reported for duty. There was nothing for it. She had done all she could. Now she just had to wait for that stupid jerk to return to the ship.

* * * *


There was a knock on the door and Flip woke suddenly.  Here is some food for you and the even girl. A tall skinny man opened the door and left a plate and two cups.
Flip felt extremely tired as he sat on the side of the bed. 22 had not stirred, she was still fast asleep. He walked over to the plate but to his disappointment it was filled with vissume and some sort of fruit, no spoons. 
He picked up one of the cups and took a drink, it was nice to have something wet to drink. The dust from the floor of the cell was often in the air and made his throat dry. 
He walked back to the bed and shoved 22.  Do you want something to eat? He held out the other plate.
She opened her sleepy eyes and groaned.  Oh no, I hate vissume. Im too tired anyway. She groaned once again.
 There is a drink here for you. He held out the cup.
 Its water, I never drink water, it has no taste. She rolled over to face the wall.
 I do believe Im seeing a different side to you. You never told how grumpy you get when you wake up.
 Ill be sweet and feminine again later, just for now I want to be left alone.
Flip considered her. She had been on her best behavior when they first met but had rapidly adopted a strange attitude towards him bossy, pushy, manipulative and flirtatious. Now she was just being like any other annoyed female who no longer cared if they impressed a male or not. 
Flip looked at the window, it was too high for him to see out of and he was curious to see what was going on outside. He pushed 22 again.
 What do you want? she snapped.
 I want you to stand on my shoulders and look out of the window.
 What for? she muttered into the pillow. 
 I want to know if the odds are getting their weapons ready.
 You humans are a nosey people. Why do you have to know? It wont change the fact that we cannot escape from here.
 I feel somehow responsible that this rebellion is going to happen much sooner than it would have.
 I do not know why? I walked into the house and saw the weapons, not you.
 I was with you, when it happened, so I just feel that way.
 Oh you are a strange one, earth man. We can do this later. I wish to sleep
 NO, now 22. You owe me. You got me into this. I was just going to go to bed in my quarters but no, you had to drag me out here with you. Now come on, get up and help me
 Oh cease your chatter! I will do sobut only if you will be quiet!
A few moments later he managed to convince her to stand on his shoulders. She looked around the compound but there was nothing to be worried about for the moment.
 It is quiet. There is nothing happening. It is as if we are alone here in this compound.
As he lowered her down she smiled at him like she had done the night before. He looked at her suspiciously. What was she up to now? Her lightening changes of mood didnt endear her to him, it just made him feel even more wary.
Before he could ask (and he wasnt sure that he really wanted to, exactly) she flung her arms around him kissed him quickly and firmly on the lips
 Just like before he lost himself while they were kissing and when it was over he was lightheaded. He broke away from her and staggered to the bed to sit down.
 Why do I feel so dizzy whenever I kiss you?
 Because you love me. She still had that worrying smile.  
Flip wasnt sure how to handle this comment so he pretended she didnt say it.  Its more than that. I feel as though you have taken something from me.
She smiled ever so sweetly.  Dont you know that I have in fact taken something from you?
 So I didnt imagine it?
 No you didnt. Whenever you kiss me it lasts at least thirty minutes even though it appears to be seconds. Tarragon women become pregnant by kissing, did you not know this?
His jaw dropped and his eyes widened.  What?
 It can only happen if the female wishes it. And I wish it.
He felt panic rise up and he snapped,  No, you cant do that without me having a say in it. Are you sure about this? At her smug look he added hurriedly,  I mean, we are not the same species. We humans, well, it doesnt work this way on my world, females become impregnated differently.
 It makes no difference, I am able to take it from you and this is why you become dizzy and lightheaded. She was still smiling that annoying smile that made him want to smack her. Since meeting this female he had more trouble than he had ever had to deal with before. He took a deep breath and thought, approach this logically. Emotion was not going to help. He looked sternly at her.
 So let me get this straight 22. Without you warning me we have kissed three times and you could have become pregnant any of those times? Is that correct?
 This is correct and I will know in a few days. I have never had a baby before and Im hoping this one will have your eyes. He or she will be half-Tarragon and half-Human, this baby will be neither even nor odd. The thought fills me with excitement.
Flip felt anger rising up within him.  And I have no say in any of this?  You could have told me what was happening. As its father I have rights too. You planned all this behind my back I dont trust anything you do. You have gotten me into more than one mess and I am not happy with you at the moment. You had no right.
She looked taken aback.  It is always the females choice on our planet. I had no idea your species did things otherwise. That human fathers can decide these things? I did not know. On our world all the care taking of offspring is done by females only. The men do not raise their offspring. When the child is old enough he may then proceed with training but up until then, it is up to the females on Tarrago.
 Well we dont do it like that. We raise the child together and in fact the male is responsible for a lot more than that. 
 She sighed.  I am sorry Flip. But even if I had known this, I think you would never had kissed me if I had told you.
He nodded.  Thats probably true. Tell me though, is this what happens with odd women as well?
 No, odd women are not the same species as us evens.
 So you have different races of people on this planet. Thats interesting.
 They are not really from this planet. Two centuries ago some people from this planet traveled to a neighboring planet and brought some of the blue skinned people here to be servants to the green skinned people. That was when they invented the evens and odds concept.
Flip nodded his head.  So they were brought here to be servants and slaves.
 Does this bother you? she asked.
 Yes it does. We outlawed slavery centuries ago. The same thing happened on my planet until then, as what is happening here. It ended up with civil wars worldwide. It took a long time for Earth to become the peace-loving planet it is now. But as important as our chat on child rearing is just for now though we have more pressing matters at hand. We have to try and break out of here. 


* * * *


Several teams beamed down to the planet to locate missing crewmembers. Sub-Commander Kazzie-Spockers, Commander La Trenne and Oh-No the shape shifter were coordinating most of it but their focus was Flip because of the sensitivity issue. He had been forced into labor with the other two cadets and that was something the Captain was not going to let go lightly. Armed with Scouts list they began searching all the areas where he was last seen.
On arrival on the planet surface La Trenne split up with the others and went to see the even Authorities. Meanwhile Oh-No and Kazzie-Spockers went to the restaurant. 
The manager of the restaurant was not helpful at all and they ended up paying the ten credits the cadets owed before they left. Now they had been made to realise that they were in fact searching for two people so they decided to go the home of Ynnej648622. 
On arrival Oh-No knocked on the door. A few moments later an attractive older woman opened it.   What can I do for you? 
 We are searching for a young cadet named Flip who has been keeping company with your daughter Ynnej648622. They both disappeared after being at the restaurant your husband manages.
She stared at him.  I dont know where Ynnej648622 is. She never came home the last two nights.  But that is not unusual.  My daughter is very strong willed and often stays away overnight.
 Have you any idea where she might go? It is important that we find our crewmember, our ship will be leaving orbit in a few hours.
 I have no idea where she could be. Sometimes she does not come home for days and she never tells me where she has been. It is not like her to associate with an alien though.
 Who does she often associate with?
 I dont know. I am not privy to her personal business.
Oh-No was about to finish the conversation when a voice came from inside the house.  I know where she might be.
They all turned towards her. She was a tiny creature with thin bones and a fragile face. It was obviously a younger daughter and 22s younger sister. 
 Where is she? her mother demanded.
The young girl hesitated and then revealed:  She is most likely to be at the odd peoples compound. Do not tell her that I told you but I know she goes there. She has a male friend who is of the odd numerical designation.
Ynnej648622s mother was shocked.  What are you saying! An odd male friend? That is impossible!
 No Mother, it is not. It has been going on for some time.
 It is not lawful nor is it appropriate! This is shocking, just wait until your father hears of this outrage. Why am I just hearing about this? Why am I never told about these things. Oh this is just like your sibling to humiliate us like this. That girl never thinks of how her actions affect her family. She took deep breaths, her eyes frankly horrified. But her reaction did not appear to worry the young girl.
Oh-No turned to the girl.  We are strangers to your world. Will you show us where the odd peoples compound is?
 Yes I will take you there.
The mother looked very worried at hearing this.  I am coming as well and do not try to stop me. I hate being the last person to be told anything. She will have to explain to her father and I about her shameful behavior.
A few minutes later the four of them set out for the odd peoples compound.


* * * *


On board the DVD, Lieutenant Beani-Poohs walked into the ready room where the Captain was sitting. She had noticed lately that he seemed very preoccupied and solemn. He had not confided in her and that was understandable to some degree. The position of Captain was often a very lonely one and the weight of command was heavy obviously it was reasonable to assume that there were times when he had to keep things to himself. But this seemed like more and it was time that she coaxed it out of him.
 Gus.
He turned and smiled at her.  I didnt see you there.
She stepped over to him and sat down beside him. He took her hand, almost absently as he smiled at her. 
 You seem troubled Gus. As if you have the world on your shoulders. Are you able to confide in me what is wrong?
He gave a little sigh and began to rub his fingers over the smooth skin on the back of her hand. She didnt think he was aware to doing so.
 I am deciding what I am going to do when I go down to the planet.
 I heard a cadet was missing. Are you so worried about him?
He sat without speaking for a while.  He is very young and very foolish. I always feel a moments anxiety when exposing our young ones to a new environment where they are not sure of what they will encounter. And where I am not sure of their reactions.
She smiled.  I believe most fathers feel this way when watching their youngsters leave the nest. She teased gently.
The Captain smiled again. But then the smile died away and he frowned as he turned to her. She found herself looking into his eyes, they were often so calm, so direct but they also hid so many of his thoughts. Right now, there were shadows there and she began to feel slightly worried.
 The trouble is that there is going to be a situation soon and I cannot tell you anything about it.
Beani-Poohs was very puzzled about this.  Why cant you tell me?
He said simply,  Its on a need to know basis and you dont need to know.
 Gus, lately I feel that you are keeping a lot from me. But you used to tell me all about what was going on aboard this ship. What has changed?
 This is something entirely different. Dont you think I would tell you if I could?
 I dont think you would. In fact you have been distant for some time. Sometimes I feel that you are hiding a lot. I wonder if you are not being as forthcoming as you could be. There is no need for you to take on the burdens of everyone on board.
The Captain frowned.  I am the Captain. That is my job.
She shook her head.  No. You do more than that. You cant personally be responsible for every single thing that occurs. Other people have to take responsibility for their own actions. You take it too far, Gus.
 I didnt mean to give you that impression. I will try and make it up to you. But I cant speak of this particular situation to you. I cant reveal this situation to you.
 Are you sure?
 It is what I have decided.
 Gus, I know you mean well. But I am about to become your wife. If you cant speak to me, then whom can you confide in? Marriage should be intimate in every way. But I dont feel intimacy with you. As your future wife I should be here to lighten the burden of command. I dont mean you have to inform me of confidential matters but we could speak of the more ordinary concerns.
He took his hand away and it felt like he had just mentally stepped back from her too. He was frowning and looking very displeased.
 Beani I cannot let you influence my decisions.
She was shocked.  I dont want to influence your decisions. You are the Captain. I would never presume to order you or influence you
 Yet you lecture me. He sounded stern.
A small flicker of anger began to brew inside her.  I beg your pardon? I am not lecturing you. This is called communication. This is what life partners do.
 We are not life partners yet. And if we do become life partners, I can not allow you to make decisions for me or influence me in any manner. I must remain alone when it comes to the burden of my command. I am a great deal more aware of my position than you are. There are areas of my life where you cannot intrude. Not even you can interfere in some situations.
She was frankly stunned.  What do you mean IF we become life partners? Are you having second thoughts?
His face blanked of all expression he just looked at her.
 You see my concern for you as interference of your duties? She asked as temper whipped through her like a lash and yes, hurt too. His blunt words were like knives to her heart.
He sighed.  Dont overreact
 Oh, why not Gus? You dont think I should overreact to the news that you think I am trying to manipulate you when all I wanted was to share your burdens?
 It is not your place.
 Not my place? She stood up in a rush, glaring at him.  It seems to me that we both want something different from this marriage. I want a partnership and you wish to distance yourself and somehow still remain alone. You cant do that in a true relationship. Its doomed to failure.
 Please calm yourself. We dont need to blow this out of proportion. We have known one another a long time. Of course I value your opinion but in this you cannot interfere and I cannot tell you why. Please be patient and lets not make a mountain out of a molehill.
All the anger just seeped out of her and she shook her head sadly.       You always do this Gus. We move forward and then you move back again.
 Im not doing that.
 Arent you? Are you including me in your life?
 We are engaged to be married. I cant include you more than that can I?
She looked amazed.  You really believe that?
 Of course. I have shown you my intentions.
 Yes you certainly have. You have shown me that I have a certain place in your life and I am supposed to be happy with that. But I have told you all along that I need the intimacy of knowing that if the man I love is everything to me, then I must be the same to him. But its becoming very clear to me that we still dont truly understand one another. You just tried to put me in my place, in a box you have created for me and you cant seem to understand why that is not acceptable to me.
 Beani
 Dont bother Gus! I have come to a decision. This is not working for me anymore. I need more. I need you to trust me and I need you to need me. But you dont. You keep shutting me out and I am tired of it. We have been engaged for almost three years and it feels to me like Im the only person in this relationship doing anything about it. Its like you are another person entirely.
He suddenly showed his anger as he surged to his feet to pace the room.  That is ridiculous. I proposed to you! I would hardly have done so were I not completely serious! You are being hysterical.
 Oh! She gave a strange laugh.  It needed only that.
 You must admit you are not being logical. Your reaction is misguided. As your Captain I cannot always confide in you.
 I know, she answered quietly,  But you see Gus thats not what I mean. If you cant tell me you cant tell me. But you could tell me that you are feeling stressed, a little worried, that you have had a hard week, that you dislike a crewmember or that something I said about our upcoming wedding displeases you but you remove yourself from me, the same way you do from others.
 I dont see it that way.
 We should have intimacy between us but its in short supply. You dont really include me or make me feel wanted. Sometimes I wonder if I werent here any longer, if you would even notice. I sometimes feel that I am some problem of yours you have to solve or keep out of your way for awhile.
He expelled his breath in a explosion of sound and raked his hand through his hair.  I am doing my best! I dont know what you want!
 I have been telling you. But you dont hear me.
 I am listening now. There is no need to call off the wedding. We are mature adults and we know what we are doing.
 No Gus. I wont change my mind. This feels very wrong. I offer you comfort and you reject me, and you do it again and again. You are emotionally distant. My feelings for you have not changed. But I know now that I could never be happy with you. You would eventually drag me down to being sullen and secretive, like you and I have too much to live for to let that happen.
She stood up to leave the room.
 Beani is there nothing else I can say to change your mind.
They stood looking at one another across the wide expanse of the room.
Finally she said,  No Captain. Please call me Lieutenant Beani-Poohs from now on. Excuse me.
With that she walked out of the room. 

The Captain watching this scene in the courtroom kept his expression impassive.  He said nothing as the drama continued.




* * * *

Flip and 22 were frankly bored and becoming irritable with one another. They had tossed around some improbably ideas about escape but in the end they were back where they started. 
The day was beginning to warm up and it was already becoming stuffy in that small room. There was nothing to do and Flip didnt really think listening to 22 was all that exciting.
Suddenly they heard some noise out in the compound. It sounded like a lot of people talking.  Hop on my shoulders again. He said to her.
 I want to know whats going on.
He lifted her up and she looked out of the window.  There are a few people milling at the entrance to the compound. I think it is your people, who are looking for you.
He lifted her down and few moments later the door was unlocked and it was pushed open.  Come with me. The man said. He then led them to the entrance of the compound. 
To Flips amazement and relief Oh-No was standing there with Kazzie-Spockers, plus 2 evens who appeared to be mother and daughter.
 This is the cadet we have been searching for. We wish to take him back to the ship. Oh-No declared. 
 Cadet, you appear to be unharmed.  Kazzie-Spockers said.
 I am not harmed at all but I must say I am very glad to be found.
 What happened here?
Before anyone could answer a group of the even authorities came marching up with Commander La Trenne. They barged through the entrance and the odds fell back with looks of dismay and fear.
Elgin246 led the group and all the men were armed with phasers and they were all very angry.  We understand you have taken this cadet as a prisoner, not to mention this even young lady. He pointed at 22.
 There must be some mistake Sir, said 35 respectfully.  This cadet asked us if he could stay here, he and the girl are not prisoners.
 You will not lie! Elgin246 brutally slapped 35 across the face, much to Flips shock. Elgin246 shoved him.  She would never ask to stay here, not in a place like this.
35 took an unexpected and aggressive stance towards Elgin246.  Do not slap me again or you will regret it.
There was an instant of shocked silence in the crowd as Elgin246s eyes widened with astonishment. He noted that all the odds had moved up behind 35 but it was unclear to Flip if they meant to do more than show them any support.
Elgin246 stood up close to 35, shoving his face into his.  You watch how you talk to me! I can have you locked up for aggression towards an even. Im watching you.
35 stood silently, his eyes on the other man, while his hand moved up to wipe the blood from his lip.
Ynnej648622 what is the meaning of your presence here? the older woman hissed at 22.  Just what do you think you are up?
 I cant explain now Mother. 22 seemed more irritable than worried about her parent, who huffed and mumbled something dire under her breath.
 I want answers and I want them now!
During the past few minutes 22 had been warring with two opinions in her mind. She felt a little sorry for 35 when she saw him get his face slapped and she gave him a sympathetic look. He may be an odd but he had pride and for him to be humiliated before her was shameful. But when he noticed the look and did not respond to her, it hurt her and also made her angry. He had put her in this position and thinking about the time she had spent in that cell made her even angrier.
Elgin246 looked at the faces of the odds and smiled cruelly.  My sources tell me that weapons are in this compound.
35 flinched and 22 gasped. Elgin246 immediately turned to her.  You as a loyal subject will tell me if there are weapons here. Do you have any knowledge of such a thing?
She trembled.  Excuse me Sir but  well yes, there are lots of weapons in that house over there. But I didnt see any of the odds touch them.
She heard the gasp go up from the crowd and felt more than saw 35 stiffen beside them. It was surprise that she had covered for them but also that she hadnt kept the truth from Elgin246 either. It was a diplomatic masterpiece of ingenuity.  She looked innocent so Elgin246 hardly looked at her once she had spoken.
 Is that so? Elgin246 said. He immediately signaled to his men to search the house. Everybody waited while his men ran over to the house and knocked down the door. Three men entered the premises and were gone more than ten minutes. Upon their return their leader called out,  Nothing here Sir, the house is clean.
Elgin246 turned to 35.  Where are they, where are the weapons?
35 answered looking chiefly at 22.  This even girl is mistaken Sir. Where would we get weapons? We would not even know what to with them.
Elgin246 struck him again.  You lie! Everyone knows that we cant take the word of an odd, for anything. He turned to his men and gave them orders.  You will guard this compound and keep on watch. If you even see what looks like a weapon shoot to kill. Only the odds who have jobs and who have a good reason are permitted to leave here. I am putting an end to any thoughts of rebellion here and now.
He turned to 22.  You did the right thing as a loyal citizen. You may leave with your mother. Please stay available for any further questioning. We shall investigate further and if there are weapons here or any sign of any rebellion we shall take matters into our hands. You there, you odds, move to the other side of the compound. My second in command will deal with you and any duties you may have.
35 turned, sending 22 a blank look that told nothing of his emotions but his body language told of defiance and anger. 22 stood looking after him for a few minutes, then she turned, smiled wanly at Flip and allowed her mother and sister to take her home.
Flip smiled back but truthfully he was glad it was over and he could finally go back to the DVD. It had been a long eventful day and night.
Elgin246 then turned to Flip.  You Cadet have much explaining to do. The crew of your ship were only allowed on the surface of this planet under certain conditions. The rules stated that you were not to have any contact with the odds. You have not kept to the arrangement so you will come with me to Detention.
Kazzie-Spockers immediately stood before Flip and fixed her cool eyes on Elgin246.  Negative. We cannot allow that. He was detained against his will and nothing is his fault. You may further apply to our Captain on this matter but you have no authority to detain him nor incarcerate him further. We do not give you permission.
Elgin246 roared,  I need no permission. He has broken laws. He must be detained in our facilities. There will be questions and he must answer them immediately. The men with him murmured in agreement but Kazzie-Spockers stood firm and stared them down.
Oh-No interrupted.  This is not necessary, we will deal with him on board the DVD. We intend to leave orbit in a few hours. We cannot leave without our full crew. Our Captain will be glad to deal with the matter with the authorities and pay any fines outstanding.
 Leave whenever you like Other Worlder but this cadet will remain here on Tarrago. That will be all. If you try to stop us, we shall arrest you for impeding an investigation. We have laws on this planet and all other Worlders must abide by them. Any interference on your part will be seen as an act of aggression. Stand aside. Take him! 
Flip knew that there was nothing to be done. Oh-No said to him,          Dont worry it wont be for long. We shall come and get you through the proper channels.
 Ill be okay, Flip nodded, resigned to more of the same treatment he had been experiencing thus far. When he remembered how eager he had been for shore leave he couldnt say that it has been worth it so far. At this rate he was going to be glad to go on duty and work long shifts for a rest from this kind of excitement. 
Elgin246 and his men confiscated a vehicle, they took Flip and put him into one of them and drove away from the compound. 
On arrival at the station where Elgin246 had his office, Flip was put into a holding cell. He felt like he had gone from one jail to another.
Elgin246 had a counterpart at this station whose name was Appiz824. These two were older men and they had kept the peace for many years. On arrival at the station, the two men had a conference.
 The odds have an arsenal of weapons at the compound it seems. Elgin246 told him as soon as the door was closed.
 Do they? We had heard that they were able to stockpile weapons but there was no proof, are you sure this is true?
 I never saw any weapons but I know it is true. The way the odds acted when the girl mentioned the weapons, I know it is true.
 What do you intend to do about this?
Elgin246 smiled coldly.  I intend to relieve the odds of their weapons, and quickly. I can see rebellion all over their faces and I must act swiftly to stamp out any resistance. They must accept that there will be no changes. They will not have any more rights than they do now. It is unacceptable to accede to their wishes in any way or else it will weaken our position. We must stay strong and in control. We are the masters and they are our servants. It has been this way for two hundred years and nothing will change. I will fight to make sure we keep what we have.
 Do you have a plan?
 Yes we must get all the troops together to storm the compound and seize all the weapons. I dont think they could have had time to remove them or else not very far. It takes time to do so and it must be an undetected activity. I think we shall find what we want and we can use the raid to our advantage. Their attempt at fighting us will all be over very soon. We shall win and they shall fail.
 Ill get onto it right away.
 Yes make your calls quickly. We must crush the odds before they have a chance to do move ahead with their plans.
Appiz824 left the room and went straight to a communication device.

* * * *

 Back at the compound 35 and the others had met together in the big house.
 Now that Elgin246 knows about the weapons it will not be long before they come here looking for them.
The big man spoke.  Perhaps he didnt believe the girl. He might not do anything and then we can carry out the plans we made.
35 shook his head. His eyes swept the small band of men. I do not believe that for a moment. He has to strengthen his position and possibly make examples of us. Some of us may die. We must collect everyone we can and make our stand here. We must hurry, we havent much time. Get the word out that the time is right now today will determine our whole future. We may never get another chance. Go now and be as quick and careful as you can!

* * * *
   
On board the DVD Oh-No went in to make his report to the Captain. 
 Captain we have a situation on Tarrago. I would best describe it as a pending civil war I believe it will shortly take place. To make matters worse one of the cadets has been detained by Elgin246 and he is not about to release him any time soon.
The Captain nodded his head.  I can see that Flip is still in trouble is it a lawful detention?
 Yes Sir it is. Kazzie-Spockers has taken the liberty of contacting a man of law in order to ascertain our legal position. It may however not be a detention of any great length of time. I believe that Elgin246 had to save face and had no choice. It would not surprise me to learn that the cadet were released very shortly.
The Captain frowned.  That would be the clever decision on their part, as neither side will be humiliated then. Protocol will have been served. However it is a very sensitive situation. We cannot interfere in their laws but by the same token I do not intend to leave our cadet on this planet. How dire is this situation? Civil war is very serious and I feel that we may have added to the problem with our presence here. Perhaps we must decide to interfere after all I cant see us just leaving orbit with all our crew without offering some kind of assistance to the people of this planet. No matter which species they are.
 What you intend to do sir?
 I intend to create a Mexican stand-off, if you get my meaning.
 Im afraid I dont sir.
 No matter, you will find out. Assemble fifty of our best people with phasers as a landing party so we can beam down to the planets surface. I want everybody ready to beam down in ten minutes. Dismissed.  

* * * *
 
Not long after this Elgin246 was in a vehicle, which was heading for the compound. Behind his was an army of vehicles and all the men inside were well armed. From a distance he could see his men were no longer guarding the compound. He could see that the odds were now in their place and were holding phaser blasters, hand phasers and some small cannons. He had his convoy stop beyond weapons range and everybody gathered for the attack.
 It looks like they are well prepared for us and our raid has just become something a lot more serious. They will rue the day that they went up against me. Show no mercy! When I give you the word move into position within weapons range and start firing. The odds will be no match for us. We are soldiers and they are nothing but slaves. Our victory is assured.
A few moments later many of the soldiers maneuvered their way under cover towards the compound. The odds had spotted the vehicles and were ranging themselves behind cover also. Weapons were trained at the soldiers. 
Any second now there would be bloodshed, lives lost, men injured and the numbers alone would mean that the fighting would spread. Today one side would prevail over the other. 
However before they reached their objective Captain Hemorrhoid and the fifty crewmembers materialized and now stood between the two groups. The evens stood at the ready while some of the odds, having never seen anything like it, shifted uneasily behind their walls.
The Captain appraised the situation and remained calm.
 Set your phasers on stun. Do not shoot unless we are fired upon.
He held up both hands, turning to make eye contact with as many of the opposing groups as he could.  I am Captain Hemorrhoid of the DVD This is a peaceful mission. Please put down all your weapons. We mean you no harm however we shall act if you proceed with this battle. I have at my command a Starship with the capability to destroy this planet and our weapons are superior to yours. But please be assured that we desire a peaceful solution to this conflict. 
Elgin246 was furious. He came out from behind his cover and walked up to the Captain.  This does not concern you and your men Captain. We will fire on you if you do not let us through. Take your men and leave. You have no authority here whatsoever. This is our planet and we can take care of our own problems." 
 Who are you? The Captain asked smoothly.
Elgin246s eyes narrowed.  I am Elgin246 and I am the authority here. I am in charge. You will not interfere. You will leave. Otherwise we shall fire upon your crew.
The Captain shook his head.  That would not be advisable. 
There is a force field around us. We were willing to leave but you have detained one of our cadets.  We wish for his return. But apart from that we believe that you are about to engage in a slaughter of the odds. Perhaps it is time that we intervened. No good can come of your attack here today.
 We do not attack. We squash any resistance to our authority. The odds are our slaves and they must surrender their weapons or else face the consequences.
 It is our belief that your attack on the odds will lead to civil war. We cannot allow that to happen. There is a solution that we can all come to if both sides can agree to communicate with one another.
 Listen here Starship Captain. This is not your world. We dont communicate with slaves except to put them in their place. We have always held the power and you have no rights here.
 You are mistaken. I hold the power and I insist on talks between your leaders and their representatives. We will hold out for a peaceful solution. If you dont agree I can have you beamed up to my ship and put in the brig.
 You cannot do that. You must leave. If I give you your cadet will you leave our planet?
 The only way you can get rid of us is to sign a treaty with the odd people. One that gives them equal standing with your people.
Elgin246 laughed.  You jest! That is not possible. These people are slaves to us. That is all they will ever be. They will never be equal to us.
 They are entitled to govern themselves.
 How can they do that? It would not work. They arent intelligent enough to govern themselves and no evens would accept it. It has always been this way.
 Then it is time for a change. If you dont progress and learn peace with them, then there will always be a threat of war. I have a solution. Why dont you let them relocate on the other side of the planet? You will not be bothered with them and the odds can build a new life for themselves.
 Captain my people went to a planet two hundred years ago and brought these people here to be our servants. We see no need for things to change.
 That was two hundred years ago. The odds will no longer accept being oppressed as you can see. I have been apprised of the situation here and I am fully aware of how uneven your laws are. There seems to be a double standard. Since they are a separate species, allow them to live their own lives in their own territory. I think it wont take your people long to adjust to this change. From what I saw in your city you dont need servants anymore. You certainly do not need slaves. They have worked for you for all this time and now they deserve the right to be independent. To be their own people with their own customs and laws.
 Captain even if I agreed, how can I make my people understand this or agree to this? They will never believe me.
 You must make them believe you. We intend to transport all the odd people and their weapons to the other side of the planet without delay. They have our protection. You will inform your council or higher authorities of our purpose. 
Note that we do not ask for your permission. This is what will happen regardless of what you all decide.  If you come for them after we have left then they certainly will defend themselves because we shall give them the means to do so, as well as furnish them with everything they need for their new life. 
You will agree to sign a treaty promising you will not come after them. You will give your word. I will lean on you very heavily about this and I will not back down. Do not make me give a demonstration of my Starships power. I can destroy your world in order to make it more equal for the odds but I would rather not do that.
There was silence while the evens consulted with one another. Elgin246 appeared to be very angry but it was plain that he was beaten. He returned to speak to the Captain.
 You have yet to speak to the odds about this.
 I dont foresee any problems. I think they will agree.
 I have never been on the other side of the planet. Is it fit for people to live there?
 Yes we have been monitoring the terrain and in a short period of time they will be self sufficient, and we will give them enough supplies to get started. Now go and tell your people what is going to happen and I will talk to the leader of the odds. 
 All right Captain I will do as you say. He turned to walk away.
 One more thing! Elgin246 turned around.  Dont forget we would also like to have our cadet back so we can leave here soon.
 Yes Captain Hemorrhoid, I will convey all your wishes. With a grim face and angry eyes he turned away and the Captain prepared to speak to the other side and push his solution on them also. It would be better if they agreed but if they didnt he was going to take matters into his own hands anyway and transport them against their will if he had to.
A few hours later the army had been disbanded, the treaty had been signed and the odd people were already being transported to the other side of the planet where a fertile valley with lots of fresh water and game was the perfect place for their new home. 
A landing party was briefly helping the confused yet elated former slaves to get organized and at least have temporary quarters over night. They also all had to be fed and clothed and provided with provisions for their new lives. The Captain didnt hesitate to provide the right technology also, to help them settle in more quickly. It would take time for crops to grow and a lawful society to govern them so he provided replicators and numerous discs on law and the social studies of other cultures to give them a start.
The evens were furious and resentful but powerless to stop what was happening. The threat of the Starship and its Captain had prevented any more oppression, revenge or war and their hands were tied. They could do nothing to protest the evacuation of the odds, who were lining up excitedly to board the shuttles.
The Captain went to personally see to Flips release. Elgin246 personally walked Flip out to Captain Hemorrhoid who was waiting with Oh-No. He didnt look any friendlier and he watched the crew warily but it was plain he had not harmed the cadet.
 Captain here is your Cadet back. I hope that this means there will be no delay in your exit from our world.
 Cadet are you alright?
 Sir! Yes sir, no harm done.
 He has been cleared of all charges?
 He has. I hope now that you will swiftly leave our orbit. We dont need any other interference from you and your crew. Elgin246 said bitterly.
The Captain replied bluntly,  If you are planning to travel to the other side of the planet to recapture the odds, you will fail. I have given them enough weapon power and sensors to make that difficult for you. They will be able to detect you from a large distance away. I suggest you find a way to communicate with them peacefully and perhaps you can even trade with them in future.
Elgin246 scowled.  I cant see that happening but I have enough experience to know that sometimes enemies become allies. I will not discount it but at this moment in time I am not willing to consider it.
 That is your choice, your decision. So long as we understand one another. Im very sure that in a couple of weeks you wont even miss the odd people. In fact you wont have to be even people anymore.  You wont require a numerical designation.
 That will take some getting used to. Elgin246s lip curled with distaste. He stood back slightly from the Captain and Flip, as if he were afraid of being contaminated.
 We shall leave now Cadet.
 Yes Sir.
Elgin246 escorted them out to the street, his eyes cold and watchful. Oh No scanned the area before giving the Captain the nod that it was safe to proceed in the area. They had wisely decided not to trust the evens. It would not be unexpected for some of them to want to capture the Captain and reverse what was happening.
 They were about to leave when to Flips surprise 22 came running up. She was smiling and spoke directly to the Captain with no sign of fear or embarrassment.
 Captain may I come with you on your journey?
 I beg your pardon?
Sir, this is Ynnej648622. She was detained with me by the odds.
The Captain studied her coolly.  I see. Why do you wish to accompany us? This is your world. We are from another quadrant.
 Oh Captain I long to travel through space. Please, could you find room for me on your ship?
The Captain frowned.  I hardly think that would be appropriate. I think you should stay here with your people.
22s face fell but then she raised her chin and looked him right in the eye.  I think you should reconsider. I am carrying a child and it belongs to this Cadet, Flip.
 Huh? Flips jaw dropped.  You said you wouldnt know for awhile. How could you even know so soon?
 Cadet, you had relations with this girl? The Captain asked sternly.
Flip blustered, No I didnt Sir. We just kissed a few times. How was I to know an even girl could get pregnant from kissing?
There was a bark of laughter from Elgin246 who spoke up.  What is this nonsense? This is not true Captain but a fairytale the even children sometimes believe. There is no chance she could not be pregnant from kissing, this girl is lying.
Flip was confused.  I dont understand, every time I kissed her I became dizzy and light headed.
 Then there was another cause for it. Perhaps a drug of some sort. Ynnej648622 what have you been up to? Must I deal with you again? You are nothing but trouble to your family.
She shot Flip a sulky look.  I had no choice. I dont mean to make trouble, I just want somewhere to raise my baby you see, Captain you must help me. I am carrying.
 I know! Flip interrupted excitedly,  Shes having 35s baby! Thats it and shes trying to foist it on me. Thats it isnt it?
 What? You are no serious! That is against the law! Elgin246 was furious.  You can be detained indefinitely for this.
  May I suggest, the Captain interrupted,  That this is the dawn of a new era. There may be, in future, other instances of the odds and evens taking one another as partners. Obviously this girl is worried about her future and that of her baby.
 22 started to weep, great tears rolling down her cheeks.  You found me out. I am pregnant with 35s baby. I am sorry Flip. I hated to use you but I had to
 What I cant understand is why I got so dizzy each time we kissed I would even lose time. What was that all about?
 I was wearing lip balm that has a drug in it. It has an effect on the memory part of the brain. I was trying to fool you into believing this was your baby. You knew so little about my people, I could tell you anything.
Elgin246 was appalled.  I am sorry Captain, this girl will be dealt with. You stupid girl, you have caused a problem we are not equipped to deal with right now. No even and odd have ever had any offspring. It has been forbidden for two centuries.
 Perhaps we should beam her over with the odd people, if she is having an odd baby? Flip suggested, feeling sorry for her as she continued to weep.
 No I think she will stay here for now with her own people. Elgin246 said.  I realise that what is done is done. I dont think it would be to anyones benefit to arrest this girl. We have never had such a case but we will work it out. We view offspring as important and the babe will be half even of course.
 22 is this okay? Flip asked worriedly.  Dont you want to be with 35?
She shook her head.  No, not yet. Perhaps later when I want him to meet his child. But for now, I dont think I would be welcome at their new home. With time, perhaps
 I worry how you will be treated there. Flip frowned.
 She will be cared for, no harm will come to her, Elgin246 replied abruptly,  She is the daughter of my third cousin. I shall make sure she is cared for.
Will there be reprisals against her? The Captain asked.
 No Captain I dont believe so. You may be rest assured that there wont be. I think most of my people will be stunned but they will have to get used to it.
 Then in that case, we can beam aboard our ship. We shall stay in orbit until we know that the odds will be safe then we shall leave.
 Captain I sincerely hope that you and your crew will never attempt shore leave on our planet again. We are in upheaval. I have dozens of complaints. We have no work force, no servants. You have caused us untold stress and trouble.
The Captains gaze did not waver.  You must be made aware of something. If I had not intervened you would have wiped yourselves out in a bitter civil war and this planet would be barren in six years.
 How do you know this Captain? He was shocked at the comment and a wondering light was in his eyes.
 I have my ways. He tapped his Comm badge.  Three to beam up.
 Goodbye Flip, take care, 22 smiled through her tears.
 Goodbye 22. All the best to your and your baby.
 A few moments later they were gone.     

* * * *
 
Mr. Brown ceased speaking as the hologram faded away and the lights came on full. This was the end of what his presentation.
The Captain whispered to Mr. Jones.  Is that all they are going to show? I would like to see more.
Mr. Jones whispered back.  Have you not seen enough Captain? We have been viewing this for hours.
 I didnt like what happened with myself and Beani. I need to know if they get back together.
The Judge was looking at the two whispering men and thrust down his gavel.  Mr. Jones if you are finished can we get back to this case?
 Yes Your Honor, let us proceed.
Mr. Smith stood up and walked over to Mr. Brown.  So Mr. Brown would you say that what we just witnessed was an accurate account of what took place on the planet Tarrago?
Mr. Brown hesitated before he answered.  It was accurate but somehow the timeline has changed since I reviewed the material yesterday.
 In what way sir?
Mr. Brown sat thinking for a moment.  The only thing I can think of is that the Captain with knowledge of the future has changed events.
The Captain stood up.  May I speak Your Honor?
The Judge rolled his eyes and then abruptly nodded.  Yes you may speak Captain.
 This is the first time I have seen these events, so how is that I have changed something?
Mr. Brown continued.  It is true that the Captain saw these events for the first time today but he also had more than two years to plan what he should do. Remember the Lieutenant named Beani-Poohs saw that he was acting strange and aloof and because of this she decided not to marry him. I think this shows that he has been thinking hard about what he was going to do on Tarrago.
The Judge interrupted.  Do you still have a case Mr. Smith or should we drop the whole thing.
Mr. Smith answered.  I think we do Your Honor. It is clear that the Captain broke his own prime directive and prevented a civil war from occurring. He even hinted to the man known as Elgin246 that he had knowledge of the future.
 Is this enough to continue Mr. Smith?
 May I be heard? asked Mr. Jones. 
 Yes please make your point quickly.
 The charges brought about by the prosecution say that a child was born and he was half human and half Tarragon. They also say that this person would cause much trouble in the Beta Quadrant. This is not true, as the child is half odd and half even and this is none of the Captains affair. Also he might have prevented a civil war but it seems that the planet will be thriving by the year 01.0120 and not on the point of ruin. Surly we are not so hard hearted that we would want to see a whole race of people annihilated. In view of these facts I move that this case be dropped.  
The Judge went quiet for a moment as he thought things over.  Yes I tend to agree with Mr. Jones. The space time continuum might have been disrupted but nobody is worse off for this. In fact the crew of the DVD have made things better. I am dismissing all charges that have been brought against you Captain Hemorrhoid, I am sorry for wasting your time like this. He thrust his gavel on desk once more.  Case dismissed! Captain you will say nothing about what you have seen and heard here. Do you understand?
The Captain nodded.  I understand.
Mr. Smith walked over to the Captain.  I am sorry, I really thought we had a case here. Perhaps I will get you next time.
 There wont a next time!  Retorted the Captain. Mr. Smith walked away with a faint smile on his lips.
Soon after this the courtroom was empty, only the Captain and Mr. Jones remained. 
The Captain turned to Mr. Jones who had a big smile on his face.         Please tell what happened here today, how did I win?
 Remember I was late here today, now I will tell you the reason why I was late. I went to see you.
The Captain was puzzled.  Me! We have never met before.
 Remember Captain that we here are multi dimensional beings. I knew what was going to happen and I didnt want you and your crew to spend two centuries in suspended animation. So I went one year forward to see if you had won the case. When I saw that you had, it dawned on me to tell you about the trial and what you needed to do to win it. So in a years time I will visit you and go over what has to be done when you get to Tarrago.
 I dont intend to ever go there now.
 Captain you must! The court officials will know I have told you if you do not go there. Besides you know how it turns out now. One thing more I want to tell you is this. The future is not set, we can change things for the better if we go about our lives the right way. Anyway you can go back to your ship now. Everybody will reanimate when you take your seat in your ready room.
The next thing the Captain knew was that he was back in his quarters.

* * * *

As he walked through the ship he was amazed to see all the crew frozen in time. He entered his ready room and looked about, everyone was just the way they were when he left hours ago. He felt emotional when he looked at Beani and remembered what he had seen happen to them a few years in the future.
He sat down and just as Mr. Jones had said everybody came to life unaware of what had taken place. Mesetta finally finished pouring the coffee into the Captains cup and the conversation resumed where it had left off.
Mesetta was just walking out of the room when Mr. La Trenne complained.  This coffee is stone cold. Why dont you warm it up before you bring it to us?
Mesetta looked confused.  The coffee was steaming hot when I left the mess room. I burned my finger on the pot. I cant see how it could be cold.
The Captain quickly intervened.  Dont worry about coffee Mesetta, we are almost finished here.
 I do not see how you can say this Captain. Mr Sook objected.  We clearly have much to discuss if we are to escape from this space ship.
The Captain smiled a little.  One thing we have not discussed is travelling to the point where we came in. Perhaps these aliens have seen all they need to by now and we will fly straight out of here and can continue on our way.
 That does not sound logical. Why would these aliens use a tractor beam to bring us in here and then just let us go?
 I think these aliens are very sophisticated. I think they have already scanned us and find us to be no threat to the welfare of the Beta Quadrant.
Mr. Sook looked concerned.  Captain we have only been in here for a short time. Why have you suddenly changed your thinking from a few minutes ago?
 Lets just say that I think we should try my idea. If it doesnt work we will talk further about how to escape.
Ten minutes later all the officers were back at their stations and ship was heading for the point of entry. 
 Slow as we go Ensign Lid-Lidia.
Just as the Captain had predicted the hatch opened and few moments later they had cleared the ship.
 Take us to warp factor nine Ensign, lets get some distance from this ship before it changes its mind and comes after us.
 Aye, aye! she said, and before long the ship faded from view as they streaked away.
Mr. Sook walked up to the Captain a few moments later.  Is there anything you would like to tell me Captain?
The Captain lifted an eyebrow.  Why do you think I have anything to disclose?
 I have been thinking things over. It was curious how quickly your entire position changed within a few minutes. There was also the matter of the coffee, which was steaming hot as I recall, and then was suddenly stone cold. Out of nowhere you informed us of your plan to escape, where before you were as bemused as we were. So is there anything you would like to explain?
 No, I have nothing to tell you at this time. You have a logical mind and are capable of discerning what might have happened. I will say no more on this subject, I hope you understand.
Mr. Sook raised one eyebrow.  Perfectly. He walked back his station. 

*  * * *

The Captain was happy now that this distasteful episode was over but he could not stop thinking about what Beani-Poohs had said to his future self. He tossed and turned that night and could not sleep. Finally he walked to Lieutenant Beani-Poohs quarters and activated the buzzer.
 Gus are you alright? She asked as she opened the door. She was dressed in a flowing oyster pink garment and her hair was attractively mussed and hung down to her waist.
 Beani, lets not wait to get married. We can get Mr. Sook to perform the wedding for us.
Beani was a little blurry eyed.  What? What are you talking about?
 I dont want to wait to get married. Lets just do it. I am ready to commit to you wholeheartedly and I want no further delay.
I thought you wanted to wait till we were back in the Alpha Quadrant?
 I did, but then I thought, why are we waiting? I love you and want to be with you. We will most likely be travelling for a numbers of years before we make it home. Lets be happy now and make this journey as husband and wife. What do you think?
She stared at him and he was charmed to see her blush. She pulled him into her quarters and into her arms and looked steadily up at him.
 Im not dreaming am I?
 No my love, you are not. I am serious. I wish for us to be married.
 Okay, I would like to marry you now, but when exactly?
 As soon as you can get your dress made and I can arrange a nice reception for us. How does that sound? It should take about two to three days.
She smiled up into his eyes as his arms tightened around her. 
 Whatever you say is fine with me. Im not the one who wanted to wait.
 I know. But you have always had the right of it. You probably know more about these things than I do. I just know I want to be your husband and I want you as my wife.
 Thats all I have ever wanted Gus. Now are you going to kiss me or not?
Smiling he did just that. A few very satisfying moments later she said musingly,  Hmmm. There is just one thing. As your wife Im going to be Mrs. Hemorrhoid. She paused.  Sorry but will keep my maiden name I think. I just cant live with a handle like Beani-Poohs Hemorrhoid.
They both laughed their arms still wrapped around one another.
Later after the Captain exited her room he noticed the three cadets walking toward him.
 How are you three settling in?
 We are fine thank you Sir replied Scout.
 No problems at all Sir, Flip said.
 I realise you three were supposed to go back to Star Fleet to continue the next level of your training but events have meant we are all on this ship for the next foreseeable years. If you have any difficulties with adjusting to life on board, my door is always open to you. Do not hesitate to contact either myself or another office with any problems which may arise.
 Thank you Sir. We shall remember.
 Good, I hope you do.  Satisfied that all was well, he returned to his quarters.
As he lay back on his bed he allowed himself a smile. There was something to be said for being forewarned about the future. He was going to commit wholeheartedly to Beani-Poohs. He never again wanted to feel what he felt when he watched her leave him in the hologram projections in the courtroom.
He also looked forward to the adventures he and his crew would face in the coming years. There were bound to be plenty more.
But his goal and his mission was to get everyone home.
There was no other choice.


The End.
            

 


 

  
       

    
        
    

     
    
     
 

 
   
 
         







