50 Stories in 50 States: Tales inspired by a motorcycle journey across the USA
Volume II - The East
By Kevin B Parsons
Copyright 2013 Kevin B Parsons
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to others. If you would like to share this ebook, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If youre reading this ebook and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, please return it to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Contents
Introduction
Massachusetts
Connecticut
Rhode Island
Delaware
Maryland
West Virginia
Kentucky
Virginia
North Carolina
New Jersey
Acknowledgments
About the Author
Introduction
My wife (Quilter Girl) and I embarked on a 50 States in 50 Weeks motorcycle tour of America, a once-in-a-lifetime dream. We rode across the country on a Honda Gold Wing, towing a pop top tent trailer. During the more mundane sections of the trip (like Connecticut, cold, wet, and clammynothing to tour but a couple of watch museums), we talked on the intercoms and came up with short story ideas. Inspired, I wrote a story for every state, which morphed into a five-book series, compiled by regions, with ten states in each volume. 
Some of the stories are based on our experiences, some on history, and some probably from indigestion. Warning: these are not necessarily motorcycle stories, nor are they travel stories (although some are), but a look at Americana, with each state as a backdrop.
Each state got only one look, so if we encountered bad weather, we would just grind it out and ride through the state. West Virginia at Thanksgiving on a motorcycle was wet and cold. Yet excellent weather in states like North Carolina provided ample opportunity to explore. 
Enjoy this volume of 50 Stories.
~Kevin B Parsons
Brian Head, Utah

Massachusetts
The East provides so much history, especially about the Revolutionary War and the Civil War. We toured Concord, particularly beautiful with fall colors, and we visited the bridge, famous for The Shot Heard Round the World, the spot where a gunfight erupted between the Americans and the English, igniting the American War of Independence. What would life be like then and there?
THE SHOT
Concord, 19 April, 1775
The sun rose with a promise: winter over and spring in the air. Nathaniel woke, stoked the fire, and ate breakfast of mush and bacon. The warm food and fire took the edge off the cold morning. Father walked in, his arms laden with logs, and laid them near the fireplace. He sat at the table and Mother dished up some mush for him.
Hester, would you like more? She shook her head.
Father wiped his hands on his handkerchief and sat. I spotted some Redcoats this morning. He picked up his spoon and took a big bite.
Nathaniel stopped eating. Cant they leave us alone?
Son, they have every right to be here, at the kings behest.
So whats wrong with Redcoats being in the area? Hester took her plate to Mother, who wiped it out. 
I dont know, Father said, but theres a lot of talk. At the tavern, in town, about our need for independence. Word from Boston is that there are groups, revolutionaries, that are willing to fight the British. 
Mother stopped cleaning. Why, thats suicide. Its the largest and best army in the world, in history, perhaps.
I dont know, Father tapped his spoon on the bowl. It seems foolish. They tax us, oppress us, regulate our very movements, prevent us from having arms. It just isnt right, yet how could we overcome them?
And why should we? Mother asked. Were colonies of Britain, subjects of the king, and we should be proud. 
Father shook his head. I dont know. But one can feel the tension. Something is going to happen. 
~
Mother wanted green boughs to smoke some meat. Nathaniel walked through the woods, parallel with the road, cutting lower branches off trees and stacking them in piles. He worked silently, the woods quiet, save for the occasional bird calls. 
Then he heard the drums and fifes. He ran toward the road and crouched under a shrub. The sound increased, coming from the right. Soon the ground shook from the soldiers marching in time. Next they appearedgiant menmarching in rows, wearing bright red coats and white breeches with tall black boots. White leather straps crossed their chests. They wore black tri-sided caps with white trim. Each carried long muskets, pointed skyward. The troops looked formidable and frightening. How could anyone stand against an army such as this? They looked invincible. What were the revolutionaries thinking? The Redcoats would crush them like a bug.
After an interminable time, the army passed, their metronomic music fading into the trees. Nathaniel got up and continued his harvesting of branches. He peered at his machete. Would they fight them with tools like this? How could they have a chance against those long guns?
~
Nathaniel told the family about the encounter during supper. 
Hesters eyes looked huge. Did they see you?
No.
What if they did? Wouldnt they shoot you?
Mother patted her hand. They wont harm anyone unless theyre breaking a law.
Father spoke around a mouthful of food. And they keep making more laws. How would we know if we broke a new law if we didnt know what it was?
We get word. You know that. 
Until we get word, we could be lawbreakers.
The room grew quiet, everyone focused on their food. Father spoke up. I need to go to Boston for a few days.
Mother stopped, her fork halfway to her mouth. Boston? What on earth for?
We need more accessories for the hardware hidden you-know-where.
Abel, if we get caught with with all this arsenal of she looked at the children things we could be in real trouble.
He nodded. I understand. But you must understand, something is coming. It isnt going to stop. You havent been to Boston. We need to be a part of it, should it happen. Everyone needs to be a part of it.
Even us? Me and the children?
Of course not. Its a mans issue.
~
Playing hide and seek with Hester, Nathaniel decided to hide inside the house, under Father and Mothers bed. He slid underneath, looking up at the crisscrossed ropes that held the bedding. Fearing his sister might see him, he slid farther underneath and felt something metallic. Turning his head, he saw a gun. And another and another.
He squirmed out from under the bed and got to the front door just as Hester entered. Found you. That was a bad hiding place. He didnt know what to say and couldnt stop his hands from shaking. 
After the game, Nathaniel decided to do some hunting. Not for game; he knew the guns would be no use without lead and powder. Where could they be? The powder must be kept dry, so it must be in the barn. He tiptoed inside and rummaged around. Father would have hidden it, in case the Redcoats searched their place. Seeing the pile of hay, he grabbed a pitchfork and probed. Soon he felt resistance and heard a muffled clunk. He swept the hay to each side and found the wooden barrel. It didnt seem very deep. He pushed the barrel deeper into the pile, then pulled the scattered hay back around to cover it. Better.
~
Nathaniel, Mother looked out the window. The Redcoats are coming. Follow me. She led him to the bedroom, removed the muskets from under the bed, and carried them to the window. Opening it, she instructed him to get outside, and handed him the guns. Go straight out and hide these. Make sure no one sees you. She stacked the guns on his arms and he turned to the woods. Dear God. We could be executed for treason.
After hiding them, he circled around the house and returned to the front door. Three Redcoats stood in front of the house with six horses. Just then, three others came out and shook their heads.
Lets check the barn then, one said. Nathaniel followed.
What are you doing? The man who seemed like the leader asked.
I just wanted to see what youre doing.
Making sure we arent stealing anything? The others laughed and entered the building. They surveyed the inside and one Redcoat grabbed a pitchfork and stabbed the hay. Nathaniel watched in horror as the man continued stabbing, working his way up and down and across the pile. Satisfied, he set the pitchfork against the wall. Nathaniel almost cried out in relief. 
As soon as the army left Mother told him to return the guns under the bed. 
~
Nathaniel crouched and peered at the frog in the mud, a big green one, with a hint of sunshine on its back. Easy, fella. He moved to his right to get behind it so it wouldnt see him when he pounced on it. 
Nathaniel! You, Nathaniel! His mothers voice sounded through the woods. From home. 
You wait here. He backed away from the frog, keeping his eyes on it, like that would help it stay in place. A tree cut off his vision so he turned and ran toward her voice.
He ran through the thicket along a familiar trail that opened up to the homestead. Im here, Mother.
Come inside. Quickly. He voice carried an edge to it. He followed her into the house. She turned, knelt in front of him, and lowered her voice. 
Remember what your father said before he left?
Um... about the hiding place?
Yes. Its by the river, isnt it?
He nodded. 
You need to take some things down there and hide them, just like your father instructed. You remember what he said?
Uh huh. He made me show him my hiding place and said it would be good. And that you might give me some stuff to hide in it, and dont stop, dont talk to anyone, hide the stuff in there and dont ask any questions.
Mother nodded at each phrase and looked around like someone might be listening or jump out and say, Aha! Then she took him by the hand to her bedroom. Reaching under the bed, she picked up a long gun and set it on the bed, repeating the motions until six guns lay on the bed, side by side. She stood and wiped her hands on her apron and turned to Nathaniel. These are what you need to hide.
The Regulars are coming, arent they? The Redcoats?
She nodded. Youre not supposed to ask any questions.
And Father went to Boston to get more guns and ammunition.
She nodded again. No questions.
And we couldnt leave the guns in my hiding place because its near the river and they would get wet and rust.
She tousled his hair. You are a good boy, Nathaniel.
What about the powder?
Youre not supposed to ask questions.
Its in the shed. We wont be able to get it down there and besides, it needs to stay dry.
Ill figure something out.
Mother, lets tie a rope around the barrel and hang it from a tree. They would never think to look in a tree.
She looked far away. No. They wouldnt. You get the... those, she pointed to the guns, down to the hiding place. Your sister and I will take care of the... other thing.
Youll need a rope.
Ill find one.
I dont think you will. Dad took them. Take the rope out of your bed frame.
She shook her head. That wont work. If the Regulars come, they will search the house. With the rope out of the bed, the bedding will lie on the floor. They will know something is wrong. She tossed the bedding off, revealing the cross-tied rope. I know. Ill sew the bedding on. Nathaniel, get going. Ill get Hester and well take care of the powder. Now gather them up and hurry.
Yes, Mother. He climbed out the window and Mother placed each gun on his arms, the load getting heavier with each iron. Can you manage that?
Yes, maam. Im twelve, you know.
She patted his shoulder. Make haste. Come straight back. Dont talk to anyone and dont let anyone see you.
Nathaniel managed the familiar trail well, but the guns weighed heavily on his arms. He slid sideways between trees to avoid digging the muzzles into the dirt and crouched beneath branches. Soon the river appeared through the brush and he trotted to his spot, laying the guns on the ground as carefully as he could. He picked one up and made his way to the edge of the water, turned and followed the shoreline until he found the rock ledge. He gently placed the gun in the ledge under the cleft of rock and returned for the next one.
 As he situated the fourth gun he heard a shout. Mother. He got the last two hidden and ran up the hill. She stood with Jessie Adams and two other men. Nathaniel, take Mr. Adams and give him everything he needs. The guns. She peered at him. Everything. The powder and ammo, too. Yes, Mother. 
He first took him into the woods and untied the rope and lowered the barrel. Very clever, boy.
Thank you. He took him to the river for the guns and lead balls.
Thank you very much.
Whats going to happen?
Dont know. The men dashed off through the trees toward the bridge. 
 Nathaniel stood and watched downstream where the North Bridge spanned Concord Creek. All quiet. The woods grew still. To his horror, he saw the Regular Army appear on one side, in formation. The captain had made some command. Another voice sounded, from the other side of the bridge. Colonists stood, with arms, facing the Redcoats. 
Nathaniel stood still as stone.
A strange tense quiet took over the woods. 
He saw a movement, a report, smoke, and a shot rang out. Nathaniel fell to the ground. A shot! His father assured the family they would never shoot at each other! He scrambled to his feet, crushing his mouth to keep from crying out.
A man yelled, Fire! For Gods sake, fire! and a fusillade of shots erupted, the sound deafening, powder smoke filling both sides. Nathaniel cowered and crawled into the crevasse, covering his ears. The gunshots abated, but only for a few seconds as the two groups reloaded muskets, then the shots rang again. Nathaniel cried and squeezed into the slit, trying to escape the carnage. 
The shooting stopped, though Nathaniel didnt realize because he couldnt hear over his crying. At last he quieted, listened, and heard voices. He wiped his nose and climbed out to see the neighbors on the bridge, looking to where the army had been. Two Redcoats lay on the ground, unmoving. Nathaniel scampered to the brush and ran straight home, the branches, needles, and leaves scraping his face. As he reached the clearing he saw his mother on the porch, her hands to her face. When she saw him, she ran to him, her arms open and he ran into her, sobbing into her apron. She squeezed him tightly.
Are you okay, boy? You arent hurt, are you? He shook his head into her chest. I heard a lot of shots. What happened?
Nathaniel recounted the story, how the Regulars appeared on the bridge, the shooting, and the two dead Redcoats.
His mother knelt and wiped his face with her apron. So let me understand, son. The farmers, our friends and neighbors, both got shot at by the British Army, and shot at them. And two of theirs were killed?
He nodded.
She stood and faced toward where the battle took place. Lord save us. The revolution. Its begun.

Connecticut
Poor Connecticut (and poor us). We encountered rain and dreary skies, and couldnt seem to find much to tour. Searching for Wi-Fi, I went to MacDonalds, purchased a wonderful one dollar hot fudge sundae and sat down to enjoy it and blog. For the record, I love MacDonalds. 
FREAKS
Another day at work at the Pleasure Palace. Okay, thats sarcasm. Because I managed to (a) show up every day, (b) pass drug tests, and (c) not drag my personal life into work, such as divorce, single parenthood, or friends getting $200 worth of meals on me, I had worked my way up to Manager of the Southington MacDonalds.
Yes, I received a raise in pay, more benefits, and the honor of the title, but it came with a cost. I had to run the place and deal with the others, the ones who failed to do a, b, c, any or all of the above. And most of them hated me for it, thinking that since they managed not to get fired for a longer period of time than I had, they should have been the manager. Like Tyler. Oh, yeah. Hed make a great manager. If I could get him to tuck in his shirt.
Being honest, I like the job. At least better than working the counter, or the fryers. Less grease, less sweat. That still sounds bad. I love the smell of the ingredients, putting together a Big Mac and fries. Most people are friendly and kind, and weve gotten the processes down pretty good. 
When one becomes a rookie manager, he gets the worst shift. Weeknights, til midnight. Graveyard Will, thats what they call me. And believe me, the freaks come out after nine. Some nights are worse than others. Thursday night was the worst. Because of the Freaks. 
See? Those three. Just came through the door. Theyd order two medium drinks and nurse them for three hours in the back while they used our free Wi-Fi to download just about anything. The first guy, the tall one, was actually the Follower. He might as well have a ring in his nose. Sure the shaved head and goatee used to look intimidating, but now everyone sports the look, so he was an empty shirt. A tight, black, worn-out empty shirt.
The middle guy was Greasy. He had the long hair and beard, jet black. I bet he dyed it with shoe polish. Always in the Wizard shirt, with a guy wielding a saber. I doubt hed washed it in a year.
Smarmy was the leader. Here he came.
Adam stood at the register, ready.
Smarmy said, Cant Courtney wait on us? She is really hot.
Adam shifted from foot to foot. Shes busy in the back. I could pat him on the back. He could be management material. The truth was that Courtney refused to wait on them, and I applauded her verve. I suppose it violated some policy, but sometimes a person must stand up and say no. 
So, how would I ask her for a date?
I stepped in. Recited the Manager line. Anything I can help you with?
Smarmy shook his head. Its all good. Ill have a... he stared at the screen above. Every night, it was the same thing. He ordered three things and canceled them, then got a medium drink. He thought it was pretty funny. Hed refill that drink until the cup was ready to fall apart.
A Big Mac. Adam entered it into the computer.
No, no cancel that. His buddies laughed like it was the most hilarious thing theyd ever heard. Except they heard it last Thursday night.
A McDouble... no, no cancel that... a Quarter Pounder with Cheese... no. Make it a medium drink. He would be a hit at the comedy club if idiots like his buddies filled the seats.
Greasy ordered one, too, except without the drama and Follower didnt get anything. And there went Smarmy. Hed go to the soda dispenser, fill it, and drink off the top four times. Maybe he should have just stuck his head under it and nursed it like a calf. One more reason I was a manager. I hadnt told him that. Yet. One of these nights
They headed to the back, just like every Thursday night. I suppose on weekends they are out on dates with beautiful babes. Right.
The fry alarm beeped incessantly and apparently no one else could hear it, so I went over and pulled them. Meanwhile Courtney played bump into Adam. He flopped a bit and grabbed her for support, in not very good places. 
Okay, you two. Knock it off.
Courtney gave me the frown with her lower lip out. The pierced loop hanging from the lip accentuated her amazing flair for style. I was killing her. I just bumped into him. She swept her red hair behind her ear. 
Well, just dont bump into him anymore.
And the classic reply. Whatever.
I grabbed a towel to clean up the tables in the back. And check on the Three Losers.
Cups and napkins littered every table and various packaging rested on the floor. I picked them up and wiped the tables. Greasy and Follower stood over Smarmys laptop to watch a video. Sounded like some comedian, with sophomoric bathroom humor. Greasy threw his head back and laughed.
Hey guys, keep it down, okay? This is a public place.
Yeah, right. Okay. Smarmys eyes never left the screen. The volume remained up. I turned and almost ran into Cheap Old Man carrying his clear plastic cup of hot fudge and ice cream. Another regular. He must have been pushing seventy and pretty much kept to himself.
Oops, sorry.
He sidestepped. No problem. He sat behind a table, his back to the corner of the wall in his regular spot. Started on the hot fudge sundae from the Dollar Menu and opened his little computer. Never ordered anything else. A cheeseburger would kill his budget, I suppose. 
Sorry about that.
I meant for almost running into him, but he looked over at the Three Losers. No big deal.
One of the Freaks said, Geezer. I pretended not to notice, wimp that I am. 
I picked up and wiped up. Headed to the front to dislodge Courtney and Adam from one another. Found a job for Courtney. Cleaning grease off the floor in the back. Thats what she gets. She skulked over and dabbed at some dirt.
After getting sidetracked with the Losers, I forgot about the bathroom. I hustled to the restrooms and passed a family with two kids sitting in a booth, Dad focused on the TV, CNN. Follower guffawed and I heard more disgusting words about sex from the laptop. 
The little girl said, Mommy, whats twerking? Mom looked to me as if to say, What kind of garbage is this in your restaurant? I smiled at her and focused on the Losers. Mr. Take Charge.
Before I got there, Cheap Old Man piped up from his corner. Hey. You guys. Keep it down. Theres a family here. With kids.
Shut up, old man.
That got me going. I trotted up and hissed, Stop it. Right now.
Ohhh, Smarmy said, We better be good or... what? Youll throw us out?
I rehearsed the policy in my mind. Ill call the police.
Oh, the police, he said. Well, by the time they get here well be gone. And you cant hold us. Besides, what law have we broken?
The law of common courtesy.
Okay, okay, said Smarmy, well keep it down. If the leader said it, I might have a chance. 
Please.
I checked the bathroom. Towels overflowed the can. I popped the lid off and smashed them down with my foot. Tossed the rest inside. In my extensive experience, I knew I had bought an extra fifteen minutes before needing to dump it. Id get Adam on it; give him something to do rather than flirt with Courtney. I wiped out the sinks and the wet spots on the floor with paper towels and tossed them. The place looked okay.
I stepped out and heard more garbage from the Losers and their laptop. At the b wordsounds like witchMom and Dad called dinner off and rounded up the kids to leave, their food half eaten, she looking horrified. I didnt like these clowns giving me grief, but I hated losing customers.
Listen, I warned you. Now clear out.
You going to give us a beat down? Follower asked. Great. Talk about escalation. Follower never gave me trouble.
Youre going to have to leave. I pointed to the door. Mr. Take Control. 
Call the cops.
I may just do that. I spun on my heels and crashed into Cheap Old Man. Im so sorry. I need to go.
Let me walk with you. Huh? He turned to walk beside me.
Oh, no, Greasy said, hes got the old guy on his side. The three of them jeered and insulted us as we left the room.
The old man put his arm around me. Ive been in business myself, and I know what youre up against. And Ive watched you. You really try. I appreciate that. He walked up to the counter. Adam stood there without Courtney for a moment and asked for his order.
A large drink, please. He turned to me. Because of being such a big corporation, they have to tie your hands pretty good. And in their defense, think about the news. He pointed to the TV screen. MacDonalds manager beats up three poor customers. Theres only so much you can do. He stepped over to the soda fountain and filled the cup with root beer. Come on. He sipped the drink, no cap, no straw. But me? What have I got to lose? The guy walked straight to the Three Losers and dumped the drink on Smarmys keyboard. About half empty, he threw the cup in Smarmys face. Smarmy stood.
Hey! What you doing, old man?
Cheap Old Man stood with his hands in fists at his sides, his face red. Ive had enough out of you punks. Will here has asked you nicely to back it down, and now some really nice customers have gone. So now youre done. Your computer thats been spewing crap all night, certainly is. And now, I invite you out to the parking lot. Ill either beat you down one at a time, or take all three of you at once. Or you three get up and leave, and dont come back. Ever. Whatll it be?
Smarmy wiped the brown soda off his face with his sleeve. Follower and Greasy stared at the table. Smarmy folded the screen on his computer and headed for the exit, the other two in tow.
I exhaled, not realizing I had been holding my breath. Thank you so much.
No problem. Only so much you could do.
Listen. Any time you come in, dinner is on me.
Thanks. But just a hot fudge sundae will suffice.
Now?
Nah. Tomorrow. He returned to his spot at his notebook. I looked at the three of them walking across the parking lot, their shoulders down in defeat. 
Could you have beat up all three of them?
He looked up. Me? Of course not. But theyve never been in a fight. They play Dungeons and Dragons and do all this fighting on a computer, but I pop one guy, give him a bloody nose and they would knock each other down getting out of there. And its too bad, really. Would have been fun to see.
Well, I sure appreciate the help.
And I appreciate the quiet. You better go separate Courtney and Adam.
Oh. Right.
One other thing.
I turned. Anything.
He pointed to the flat screen on the wall. Can you switch it to Fox News? I hate CNN.
Absolutely.

RHODE ISLAND
During the late 1800s and early 1900s, the super wealthy gravitated to Rhode Island for their vacation cottages, mansions up to 100,000 square feet, with European art, gold, silver decadence everywhere. Now we peasants can tour these massive places. I developed insights into the wealthy, and their help. 
HOT PEPPER
Newport, July 5, 1902
Herman, I yelled over the cacophony of pots and pans, grilling fowl and fish, and the troops cooking the vast meal. Cook the pheasant a bit warmer and quicker, or it will taste dry.
Yes, sir.
The kitchen below the Vandercamp party resembled a war zone, except instead of human casualties, the pheasant, quail, vegetables, and fruit succumbed to the kitchen warriors assorted knives, forks, tenderizers, and spoons. People moved about in a crazy, choreographed chaos of cooking. 430 appetizers, main dishes, desserts, and hors doeuvres required an army, operating at the behest of their general, Michel Lebrun. You may recognize the name, no? Im a descendant of Albert Lebrun, president of France. Running the country is nothing compared to trying to please these people. 
I clapped my hands. Lets move, people, time for the main course. William, of course, smirked at my French accent. He sweat more than anyone, and tossed his third dish towel, soaking wet, into the hamper. The heat worked in a cumulative fashion, elevating since we fired up the ovens at noon; now the room became its own oven, the stench of sweat like a locker room of a hundred men. And somehow the food must be exquisite. I knew it would be so. 
The wait staff ran through the kitchen, picking up the plates, decorated with fish, fowl, vegetables, and garnishes430 works of art.
We turned to the desserts, some of the staff already preparing them, ensuring there would be no gap between the main dish and final confections. Heaven forbid the aristocrats might sit for an entire minute before stuffing their faces once again. A delay would be noted in the front page article in the paper. 
The wait staff returned and Catherine, the chief of the staff, trotted up to me. Michel, the potatoes
They are perfect.
I know. You know. But the guests are requesting water. Ice water.
Water? They are fools.
I saw Lady Abernathy wiping sweat from her brow.
Of course. It is July. It is hot.
She shook her head. Im telling you, they will not be happy with the potatoes.
How can you be so sure?
Mrs. Vandercamp. She looked at me.
We all knew The Look. If Lady Vanderbilt looked at you, you would be sure it would be a dressing down later, after the last guest had gone. 
Nonsense. The potatoes, twice cooked, are exquisite.
I warned you. People! Lets move those Crme Brulees. 
~
I tipped a large spoonful of olive oil onto the pan and it hissed as the oil stuck the hot copper. 
Now, William, how will you make an omelet like this? You must pay attention. See? You made the pan too hot.
William held a smile and I knew he laughed at my language, as it sounded like, Weelyam, you most pay attenshon. Zee? I remembered him laughing at me the previous night. Too bad. The Vandercamps imported me from Marseilles to create exquisite dishes, so this American could laugh all he wanted.
So, you laugh, no?
He rubbed his face. No. The olive oil. Just the way it... landed.
I wagged my finger at him. You laugh at my talk. I pushed my hair back from my face. And Mrs. Vandercamp expects me to make a chef out of you. I crumbled some bacon into the eggs and stirred it. Now pay attention to Michel here. I will show you how to make an omelet. Ohm-ey-let.
The bell rang and a white light bulb illuminated over the door. William pointed. Looks like her highness is awake and demands your presence. In the dining room, too.
I tossed the pan to the counter with a clatter and wiped my hands. If she insults my cooking, I will quit, on the spot.
You said that last week.
Silence, boy. Herman. He ran to my side. Finish the omelet and do not let this boy touch it, but try to teach him something.
Yes, sir.
And dont drip sweat into the eggs.
No, sir.
I took off my chefs hat and threw it on a chair. On second thought, I put it back on. She hated that.
Good luck with her, William said.
Mark my words, I warned, She complains about my cooking and I will resign. I will come down here and pick up my things and be on the next steamer back to France.
Walking up the back stairs, I prepared myself for the onslaught. If Alma called me at this hour, it would be to complain about something. The caviar tasted too oily, the champagne not chilled enough, the crepes too crisp. Slow service. It could be anything. I used the hike to the dining room to prepare for this war, as it required a quarter mile hike from the kitchen downstairs. And twenty steps. Halfway there I remembered Catherine warning me of the potatoes at dinner. 
She wants to criticize my cooking, she should come to the kitchen. The sound of my shoes clicked off the marble and echoed off the gold leaf on the walls. As I neared the dining room, Jonathan, her footman, stood at the wall near the entrance, ready for her majesty. We made eye contact and he shook his head. Not good. I sighed and rounded the corner.
The room, stencilled in deep red with gold gilding on the walls, filled guests with awe as Italian art decorated every wall and the ceiling. I ignored this and focused on the one chair at the head of the table, the woman seated as a queen, her lips tight, nose in the air, and her hands folded on the table. 
Everyone hunches and cowers when they approach Mrs. Vandercamp. Not me. I walked right up to her side. She stayed focused on the painting fifty feet away on the far wall. I waited. And waited. Finally, enough of this stupid game.
You asked for me, madam?
Michel. She slowly turned her gaze to me, only for a second, then returned to the wall. You attempted to kill my guests last night.
I fed 430 of her closest friends last night, a miracle. We prepared hors doeuvres, pheasant, Quail, escargot, a dozen wines, broiled asparagus, a feast that would make the paper, as the press watched and would surely write about the fine party that Alma Vandercamp threw, a lavish affair that lasted until five in the morning. We kept serving appetizers, drinks, and food until the last guest departed. Who else serves 430 dishes of pheasant?
The food was exquisite.
Michel. The potatoes. Of all things, something as simple as potatoes.
No, the potatoes, I twice baked them with melted cheese drizzled across the top. They were magnificent, a masterpiece.
No. I dont know what you did to them, but they were extremely spicy. I couldnt breathe after one bite.
The jalapenos. I went to a Mexican restaurant in New York a few weeks back and tasted some glorious potatoes. I asked the chef and he graciously gave me the recipe. It tasted magnifique. 
Madam, I removed the potato from the skin, mashed it, added some ingredients and returned the mashed potato to the skin and baked them. Then I laid cheddar cheese on them and returned them to the oven for only a minute or two until it melted into the potatoes. I tasted them myself. They were magnificent. I kissed my fingers as a demonstration of their quality.
No. She shook her head. After taking a bite of the potato you made, I looked at my guests. I saw a sheen of perspiration on Lady Ashtons upper lip.
You want to see perspiration, look at William in the kitchen when it is one hundred degrees. I stilled the comment, but could not take this abuse. The ingredient you referred to is jalapeno peppers. I put a dash of it in to give it life, to make the potato spark.
Jalapenos? Indeed. I watched my guests, mortified. Mrs. Wilson excused herself, Im sure to rinse out her mouth, and Miss Montague ordered an extra water. Water, I ask you.
The potatoes tasted most excellent. I tried them myself and they were made exactly as I indicated, and I will not apologize for this food. This is an insult.
Indeed? She wriggled back in her chair. Jonathan. He entered and stood at attention.
Move this chair back. I need to stand.
Very well. He entered, moved behind her and pulled the chair backward, a heavy thing with bronze arms and legs. She stood, held the arm, and pointed to me. Now you listen to me. That was unacceptable. You mustnt make it ever again. Jonathan eased away and back to his position.
I crossed my arms. It was exquisite. And I may make it again.
I forbid it. No more jalapenos. She crossed her arms.
Very well. I quit. I cannot make these fine dishes if you forbid this and forbid that. I will now go downstairs and type up a letter of resignation.
You shall not. 
I threw my hands in the air. How can I cook with you tying my hands? You cannot use this. You cannot cook that. How can I be a master chef? Hire a cook from... from a logging camp, I dont care.
You! I am being reasonable here. I cannot have my guests choking on our food, sweating onto the plates, drinking a gallon of water with their meals.
I smacked my hand on the table. Confound it, woman! Who is making this food?
She slapped her hand on the table. Confound it, man! Who is eating this food?
We stood and faced one another, eyes ablaze. She overpowers people with her look, but not Michel. I stared back, my arms crossed. I could hear the grandfather clock ticking. 
Very well. I cannot stand here all day.
I will have a letter of resignation on your desk within the hour. I turned to leave.
You shall not.
I stopped. It will be there, I assure you.
And I shall tear it up.
This woman exasperates me. I am a world renowned chef, I create masterpieces.
You do. Stay. Please. 
I saw it in her blue eyes. They changed from anger to fear. She blinked. She needed me.
All her guests, they eat my caviar and pheasant and tell her it is exquisite. I hear them say it. Jonathan hears it and tells me. But she never does. Very well. I shall stay. With a twenty percent raise in pay.
She looked into my eyes, looking for humor or sarcasm and saw none.
Okay then. She sat. Jonathan. He returned and slid her chair in to the table, then returned to his post.
And you must tell me that I am a magnificent cook.
Her head shot up and she peered at me. Have you lost your mind? You have your twenty percent raise in pay. Now go on. She swept her hand in a shooing manner. Bring our omelets.
I crossed my arms. You must say it, madam.
She stared at her fingers. Once again, we heard nothing but the sound of the clock ticking. Oh, very well. You are a good cook.
A magnificent cook.
Fine. You are a magnificent cook.
I bowed. Thank you, madam. 
But no more jalapenos.
Good day, madam. I gave a very slight bow. Jonathan and I left the room together. 
Good job, man, he whispered.
Thank you.
I opened the door to the kitchen and the heat hit me in a wave. Herman and William worked the grills, omelets for everyone this morning. She complained about jalapenos, but has probably ingested a quart of Williams sweat. He looked at me, expectant. Did you resign?
I did not. I gave her another chance.
The room erupted in laughter. What? This is wrong?
Herman slapped me on the back. You gave her another chance. That is beautiful.
We resumed our work.
William.
He came it my side. Yes, sir.
On the shopping list.
Yes, sir?
Be sure to get five pounds of jalapenos.
Will do, sir.

Delaware
We noticed cops flagging traffic at every construction site. An armed policeman waving a stop and slow paddle? I wonder who gets chosen for this premier position. 
TRAFFIC
Everyone loves autumn, with its turning leaves, cooler weather, sitting by the fireplace with a cup of coffee. Thats because they arent outside doing traffic control. Standing in the rain on a street all day, cold and wet. No matter how good of rain gear I wear, the water gets in somewhere and wicks up and by quitting time my legs or forearms are soaked. The cold creeps in, too, so by the time we knock off Im a human block of ice. 
Im supposed to be a cop. But the union, in all its brilliance, negotiated for cops to manage traffic control on all construction projects. So while other states have trained flaggers, we provide a cop and a car, usually at each end of the project. Thats a great way to spend taxpayers money. I suppose I should be happy I got a job in this economy. And I am. But standing here watching cars drive by becomes a mind-numbing experience. Oh, and my arms and legs are losing feeling, too.
What happens is the traffic-control jobs become punishment. Youre a slacker? Traffic control. You beat down a kid? Park it on the construction site, bub.
This gig, on the DuPont Highway outside of Smyrna, is gonna go on awhile. Theyre rebuilding the bridge. And so theyre crushing four lanes down to one each way. Cars are lined up for miles, it seems. Most people are okay, a few nasty and a few really nice. Locals I know, like that. 
The worst part is listening to the radio all day long. Guyspeersgoing on an arrest. Breaking up a fight. Pulling over a DUI. And me with the flagger paddle: stop, slow. Thankfully, they open the bridge up at lunchtime and we get an hour to get warm and dry. A construction worker, a kid, comes up and announces we can take lunch. I radio Perkins and we take my car to a fast food joint. We get our full meal dealies and sit on the plastic benches, the cold evaporating way too slow. 
So whats the story with you and Medford? he says over a mouthful of food.
I didnt do nothing wrong. Well, lately. When his kid was in high school, me and Dickens ran him and his buddies in. Smoking dope. And you know the Blue Wall. Should have called him. I wouldve, but the kid gave me lip. Hes a cops kid, so he knows he can just run to Daddy and everythings forgotten. Fine, Ill run your butt into the precinct and set you down in the cage for a couple hours. Everyone loved the great idea, except John Medford. So weve hadno, hes had this thing for me ever since.
Nice.
And I dont care. I was right. The kid grew up from a punk to a loser. Glad I did it, and no, Medfords never getting an apology from me. For what? And thats the way its been for ten years. I roll a fry in ketchup and eat it. The kids a dirt bag now, but does he see it? No.
Yeah. Well, Medford works up the ranks, and hes now Chief of Police in Smyrna. And youre screwed. He points a fry at me.
Ill be traffic control until I retire. Or I kill myself. 
Somehow, some way, Ill figure out a way to get out of this. But I aint polishing his shoes, no sir.
Perkins takes a swig of his soda. I did No show-no call three times. 
Youll be traffic control for quite some time. Perkins is such an idiot. Any other job they would have fired him. And here I am with him. Hell be back on the street in a couple weeks. Cant even show up for work. Probably a drinker. 
Why dont you go to the union? Perkins looks at me like hes gotten some kind of revelation.
You serious?
Hes not sure. Sure.
Medford would make my life a living hell. Hed find a way.
Its too bad. The boys say youre a great cop and its a shame.
I feel my neck get hot. They said that?
He nods, his mouth full. First time hes not spoken around a half pound of fast food.
Well, thats encouraging. But what can I do? I figure Medford will screw up one day, and Ill get my shot.
We eat together and gossip like cops do. But two things keep running through my brain. The other cops think Im okay, and somehow, I need to find a way to get back on the streets.
We finish and head back to the site for the afternoon, the worst time of the day. I get out of the car and put on the wet rain gear and Im cold through to my core. My boots didnt dry out during lunch, so more cold creeps up my feet from the pavement. And theres almost no traffic to break the monotony until midafternoon. The icing on the cake is theyre jack hammering the bridge rails. I think my skulls gonna split in half.
Traffic builds as the day wears on, and I see the regulars coming back home. First the women haul kids home from school. Cant they walk? Ridiculous. Or take the bus? Tracy Johnson waves and I wave back. Sweet lady. Three kids. Amber Snyder pulls through in her minivan. Shes got five or something. The hammering sounds like machine gun fire and assaults my ears.
Dr. Feinstein, my GP, shows up about three. I wave to him. Nice guy. But three p.m.? Great hours if you can pull it off. Then Rachelle Gordon, the banker. Shes got the hours, too. Today shes got two kids in the car. Must be a recital or something. 
Anyway, being on traffic control, I get a feel for the pulse, you know? People show up like clockwork. They come, they go. After working the spot for a week or so, I can guess the time within a minute or two by the car that shows. 
So this guy drives a Toyota pickup. Every day around four-thirty. White. The pickup. Well, the guy, too. Call me trained, but Id guess him to be around five ten, one ninety, black hair and five oclock shadow. Blue eyes, I think. And a lantern jaw, thats what they call it. I dont know who he is, and dont pay much attention. Today he rolls through just fine. Then after hes by, the little walkie talkie crackles. The contractor-issued one. Its Perkins.
That guy just ran over a road cone.
Who?
White Toyota pickup.
Lantern jaw?
Yeah. Jerk.
Easy. Maybe he misjudged it or something.
No, you can tell, you know? He swerved. Just a little, but sneaky like. Kind of a screw you thing.
Big deal. Put it back up.
A laborer did. But it irks me, you know?
Wow. Big deal on traffic control. How was your day, honey? You wont believe what happened today.
But he does it again the next day. Perkins calls me, all jacked up. 
Its a road cone. Pick it up.
Its just disrespectful, you know?
Yeah, get over it.
But the third day when I hold cars my way, Lantern Jaws car stops in front. Being a cop, Im naturally suspicious. So I look him over without being obvious. Hes got one of those heavy beards that sports a five oclock shadow fifteen minutes after hes shaved. Sharp nose, thin neck, and his fingers are jittery on the steering wheel. I wave, nice. He puts up an index finger. He goes through and doesnt run over the cone. Maybe Perkins needs to be nicer. 
That night at the precinct I drop off a bunch of stupid paperwork and shoot the breeze with the guys. Walk past the desks. Man, somehow I need to get back here, investigating crimes. Heading out the door, the Wanted Posters catch my eye. There is Lantern Jaw. I stop and read it. Cody Banks. Killed a woman and her kid, and killed a cop. In California. I tap the poster. Thats him.
Medford walks by, stops. Looks at me like a cockroach that needs squashing. Who?
This guy. Banks. He drives the DuPont Highway.
He waves a hand and walks away. Blevins, youre dreaming.
The next morning I call Perkins to my car. Bring up the mug shot on the computer.
Thats him. I point at the screen.
You sure? Hes moving when I see him.
Yeah. Watch for him this morning. Hell be going your way.
Sure enough, eight twenty-two, Perkins calls me on the radio. Thats the guy. I watch and the white Toyota goes through, fourth in line. The guy looks over. I give him a disarming smile and wave. Get the license number, a Delaware plate. Once traffic slows, I call it in. The dispatcher responds, then Medford gets on the radio.
Unit sixteen, you are traffic control. Stand down.
I have never heard Medford go on the air like this.
But sir, this is
Officer Blevins, you are to resume your duty as traffic control and nothing else. Do I make myself clear?
Yes, sir.
I look to the other end of the bridge and shake my head. Perkins shrugs like, what can you do? Stamp my feet to get warmth, but in frustration, too. We need to get this guy. 
At lunch we sit by the window. Perkins talks with his mouth full once again.
So Medford is so blinded by hatred for you, he skips catching a multiple killer.
I nod. Cop killer, too.
So what do we do?
I swallow a bite of burger before answering. This afternoon hell come my way first. Ill try to stop him and question him.
Are you crazy? Hes a cop killer. You need backup.
Ill call you. You run up the bridge.
I run. A half mile up the bridge. That wont work.
Ill hold him like its a traffic thing, and you come up.
He looks doubtful. Youre sure its the guy.
Pretty sure. Yes. Absolutely. Maybe Im sure. Hes twenty pounds overweight, compared to the mug shot, my guess. If I keep this gig and eat this crap every day, I will be, too. 
Why dont we radio for backup? He says it around another gob of crushed fries. 
What, and hold him until someone shows up? And didnt you hear Medford? No wonder Perkins is doing traffic. 
Lets just see this guy. Perkins shifts in the seat. He would dither for a decade while this guy might disappear. I want to see him. Make sure its him.
I crush my papers and toss them on the tray. Okay. But we need to move on this, and not spook him.
Right. One good look.
That afternoon the Toyota somehow gets in line and I miss it. He cruises through sixth. I grab the contractor radio. Perkins. Hes coming your way.
Got it.
I wait a few seconds and his voice comes through, tight. Thats him. I think youre right.
Cody Banks, cop killer, triple murderer.
Stop him, Ill come down there.
Too late, hes past.
I grind my teeth. He let the guy past. Unbelievable. Perkins should be taking orders at the hamburger counter. The pimply faced teenager could do better than him. After the shift, Perkins and I get together. I bring up the mug shot on the computer again. 
Thats the guy. Im sure of it this time, he says, pointing to the screen. Cody Banks, huh?
Right. Now listen. Tomorrow morning, hell come to you first. You hold him up. Say the backhoe has to block the bridge or something.
He backs away from the car door and stands. I dont know. Were traffic control. Lets just get a couple black and whites and surround him.
Perkins, youre killing me. First, Medford isnt going to help us at all. Second, this is my shot. Our shot. Well grab the guy, cuff him up, and were the heroes. No more traffic control.
I see it in his eyes. He likes traffic control. Anything else is above his skill level. Way above. I grab him by the front of his shirt. Perkins. Youre a cop, you hear me? Serve and protect. Were trying to catch a multiple killer here. Who knows what else hes done or what he might do?
Okay, okay. He pushes off my hand and straightens his shirt. Ill do it.
The next morning, right on time, Perkins calls on the walkie talkie. He got past.
What?
I missed him. Hes coming your way. Third.
I take it back. Hes under qualified for a hamburger stand. I resist the urge to smash the radio on the pavement. Okay. The cars roll through. Third one, white Toyota pickup. He moves along and just before passing me, he looks at me. And I screw up.
Instead of looking pleasant and disarming, I glare at him.
He knows I know.
Then, even stupider, I do the two fingers to my eyes, two to him, Im watching you thing. He guns the truck and swerves to pass the two cars ahead of him. I curse my stupidity and jump in the car. Start and spin it around as the last car eases by. Key the construction radio. Cover me; Im going after him.
What?
I throw the radio on the seat. Hit the lights and siren. Crush the accelerator. There are four cars behind him and two ahead. Six. I count them off as I pass them. Can see the roof of the truck, pulling ahead of the line. 
The cars pull aside, but even with two lanes and a median, people just dont get out of the way. But we got fifteen miles of open highway until Smyrna, Ill catch him. 
I key the radio. This is unit sixteen in pursuit of a murder suspect south on DuPont Highway past the Newcastle Kent road. Request backup. The dispatcher responds as the Toyota flies ahead of me, going about ninety. But I close in on him.
Then Medford does it again.
Unit sixteen, you are to stand down immediately.
Negative, sir, we are engaged in a high speed pursuit of a Toyo
Unit sixteen, you are to cease pursuit immediately.
I gain on him, a lot, the highway traffic a bit lighter. I can catch him. I pass another couple of cars, then get behind him. This is the frustrating part. I really cant just clip his bumper and take him out. Were supposed to just follow them until they screw up, which shouldnt be long, a pickup going these speeds. 
I swerve to the inside lane and accelerate to get beside him and he jams on the brakes and turns right on 300. I curse at my rookie mistake, slide to a stop and spin the car around, now headed backward on the highway. I swing the car left in front of one of the cars Id recently passed. Fortunately, the guy pounds his brakes. 
I see Banks turn left on Main, heading into downtown Smyrna. I groan. Toss the mic aside. Traffic. Take the turn, hard, the tires squealing. Hold on, I mutter. I wreck this car, dont catch this guy, and my job is done. The back end fishtails and I accelerate out of it. Lets catch this moron and hopefully no one gets hurt. I squeeze the wheel, my knuckles white.
I get up behind him and he takes a right on North, the pickup leaning heavily on the left side. Does he think his pickup can outrun a cop car? I hit the turn hard and this time it spins and I slide sideways into a little Smart Car. Joyce Ramseys car. I spin the wheel and take off again. Banks roars away. I follow and see a car enter the intersection ahead of Banks. Oh, dear God, no. Please dont hit it. 
At Vernon he smashes into the back corner of Mrs. McGillicuttys old Buick. The Toyota loses that battle. I run up beside him and block him in, get out, and draw my weapon. Run up and jack open the door. Cody Banks, you are under arrest for murder in the first degree. I read him his rights but fail to mention the other murders, the resisting arrest, negligent driving, and a half dozen other crimes. 
I cuff him and put him in the car.
~
The Mayor shakes my hand as dozens of cameras freeze the scene, his other hand on my back, our big smiles. Election soon, so the Mayor acts like he did it himself. I cant see the right half of the crowd, for the mayors puffed out chest. On my other side, John Medford smiles, too. The mayor speaks of our man like wed been buddies since we were kids. I knew him since childhood, but we ran in different circles. I know he just blustered, but so what? I hold up that plaque and smile like an idiot. Wonderful. 
My wife cries and holds the baby. The cameras catch me hugging her; aint life great. After a bit the party ends and people drift away. My fifteen minutes of fame are up. Medford comes up and pumps my hand. Great job, Blevins. Another camera catches that shot. Ill have to buy the picture from that guy and have it framed. 
Thank you, sir.
When you get done here with all the hoopla, stop by my office, okay?
Sure. He turns and heads into the precinct. 
Next the cops congratulate me sorta.
Hey, Blevins, nice job on the Smart Car. Jackson says. His way of being nice. 
You may notice the cruiser got almost no damage, I shoot back. Little tin can.
Carter says, Maybe if you stopped him sooner, you couldve avoided the chase through town.
I groan. Monday morning quarterbacking. Someone slaps me on the back. I turn. Perkins. Great job, man. And I owe you an apology. I should have stopped the guy.
Thats all right.
No, it isnt, he says. I could have stood up there with you, getting the medal and the plaque and the accolades. He smiles, a thin one. I can tell he hides the pain behind his smile. Too bad. So no more traffic control for you.
Nope. 
Perkins shoves his hands in his pockets and I see it. The self-recrimination of not doing the right thing, and knowing hell be directing traffic for a line-up of cars that extends to his retirement. Well, congratulations. No handshake.
Thanks.
He spins and trudges away, hands in his pockets, his shoulders telling the story. I turn and walk inside the precinct. Cops congratulate me in almost a line as I make my way to Medfords office. I shake hands, nod, smile, and keep moving. Going to be fun to have Medford make nice to me.
I knock on the door and hear, Come in.
You wanted to talk to me, sir?
Yes. Sit down. He indicates the chair.
He rocks back in his chair and looks at the ceiling. Blevins, you disobeyed my orders, jeopardized the safety of the people of Smyrna, are responsible for the wreck of Joyce Ramseys car, Mrs. McGillicuttys car, and violated the trust of this precinct.
I should have known better. I thought this would end it? Medford goes on, apparently needing enough time to drill me back down from the award ceremony. The lights are down, everyones gone home, and now Ill be on traffic control until Christ returns.
~
Perkins pops three fries in his mouth. So thats the way he left it, huh?
Yep. Traffic control, a thousand years. His words to my ear.
Well, it dont negate the party, the medal, the necklace thing.
I suppose not, but its raining just as hard, whether I have a medal or not. The droplets trickle down the glass of the fast food place, diffusing the view of Perkins car. He stuffs another floral arrangement of fries in his mouth. No getting it past him, huh?
Not unless I bribe the mayor. I take a bite of hamburger and chew, thinking. Swallow. Wait.
He stops chewing. What?
The mayor.
He gulps the mess. You aint bribing no mayor.
No. But with all the press and fame Ive gotten, Im going to run for mayor.

Maryland
Sometimes youre not ready for something and it cuts your heart out. We toured a battlefield and I saw a plaque with a picture of a ten-year-old boy, a soldier in the Civil War. How could that be? The Civil War took the phrase, War is hell to a new level. My boy is older. 
Warning, rated R for violence and bloodshed. Its the Civil War. They didnt play patty cake.
DISPATCH
September 16, 1862
Jonathan squatted by the fire. Every dry spot was taken by soldiers and even if they werent hed be expected to leave it open for one. Pincer Pete sat on an upturned log beside him and whittled on an oak branch, sending slices of wood onto the smoky fire. 
I just wish I could fight, you know? Jonathan watched a ragtag troop walk past, their long guns over their shoulders.
You dont know what yer askin there. You been in a battle yet?
No, sir. Thisd be my first one.
Well, its like lookin into the eyes of the devil, I tell ya. Only for men of experience.
How could I get experience if I dont fight? Sometime you fought your first battle.
Pete stopped whittling and worked his fingers on his left hand like a lobster, injured from a previous skirmish. He dug in his pack and took out a wad of tobacco, cut off a chunk and held it out to Jonathan. Want some?
He shook his head.
Pete stared off into the woods. I suppose I did fight my first battle. A lifetime ago. I remember it well, too. But I tell ya, it marks a man. Changes him. Never the same. He resumed whittling, the pincer hand clamped on the stick. Its pure evil. Better for you bein a dispatch and all. Stay behind the lines. Important job, too. Got to git messages to the powers that be, know what I mean?
All I know is we need guns to fight the Confederates, more is better.
In due time. The good book says, They that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength, they shall mount up with wings as eagles.
Jonathan watched him as he quietly sliced the wood, making a pointed spear. He sharpened it to a conical shape, the tip as sharp as a pin. Pete spun it and it turned smoothly. Handed it to Jonathan. Take this. Dispatch caint have weapons or if you git captured you might git yerself killed. Thats just a stick. 
Jonathan! Boy! Come here. The sentry waved him over. He stuck the toy bayonet into his belt. Ill use it for firewood. He turned his attention to the tent. 
Who you calling boy? hung on the tip of his tongue, as the phrase discretion is the better part of valor kept him from a verbal or physical attack.
Inside. The sentry opened the tent, soaked from the previous nights rainfall. The interior smelled of mildew and fear. 
Yes, sir.
A soldier wrote a letter as he sat in front of the general. The man paced and dictated:
I have logistics in place to attack at first light tomorrow. General Hookers Corps will cross the bridge first and probe the enemys positions. With adequate information, we will have prepared an overwhelming attack of the Confederate Army. Sincerely, Brigadier General George G. Meade. The soldier finished and spun it around. General Meade signed it and the man rolled it up, handing it to Jonathan. Boy, take this to General Hooker. You know where he is?
He struggled not to wince at the term boy. No, sir.
You came through the pass with us, correct?
Yes, sir.
Remember the Boonsborough Turnpike?
He nodded.
And the Pry House. Its around a quarter mile off of it. Go there and either give this to General Hooker or go wherever they tell you he went. Then get right back here. Stay high over the hill and stay out of the conflict; you hear, boy?
Yes, sir. He took the offered document. 
Waste no time and get back here.
Yes, sir.
Jonathan tucked the letter inside his shirt as he strode to his horse, Winny, and untied the reins. He mounted and turned to the trail. Who you calling boy? I can fight like anyone, and here I am, a dispatch. Come on, girl, he clucked his tongue and flicked the reins. She started at a slow walk. The sharpened stick jabbed him and he shoved it back a bit. Come on now. Even the horse doesnt seem to respect me. He gave her a few light kicks and she trotted. They headed up over the hill, finding the trail from yesterdays troop movement, a simple find as thousands of troops and supplies beat the road into submission. Soon his upper body got cold from the air while the horse worked up a sweat beneath him. The trip would take a couple of hours, as he needed to maneuver around troops still arriving and moving to strike zones. 
As he rode onward, as the soldiers ignored him. He waved weakly to a few, then gave up the attempt. Dispatch. The lowest of the low. 
He ducked under low hanging branches as the woods grew thicker near the creek. At the waters edge, he got off the horse and led her to drink. Not too much now. Dont want you gettin a belly full. He remounted and forded the creek, the water chilling his feet. At the opposite shore he stopped and dumped out his boots. Both socks were worn almost through, but he counted himself lucky to have socks. Come on, Winny. Even my horse has a pathetic name. Why cant she be Lightning or Blazing Horse or something?
They arrived at the camp and maneuvered through troops, supply wagons, and cannons to the Generals quarters, another tent. Jonathan got off his horse and tied her to a tree. He strode to the tent and said to the sentry, Message for General Hooker.
The man held out his hand. Give it to me, boy.
If he hadnt said boy, Jonathan might have relinquished it. He shook his head. Im to deliver it to the General.
No, you aint. Youre dispatch. Boy. He held out his hand.
Sighing, Jonathan handed him the letter.
Wait over there. The man pointed to a stump.
Ill wait right here.
The man swung his arm back like he would backhand Jonathan, so he turned and scooted to the stump. The sentry turned and opened the tent flap. A minute passed and then a voice yelled, Meade, confound that man! He should have attacked today. That cowardly, worthless, chicken-hearted weasel. Now Lee has time to bring troops from Sharpsburg and God knows what we can do with them now. Wheres the dispatch? Bring him in here.
Jonathan saw the sentry open the flap and wave him over. He took his time, easing up and ambling over to the tent, smiling at the man as he walked by. 
Yes, sir?
When did your troops arrive at Antietam Creek?
We got there last night, sir.
The general smacked the table. Then why didnt they attack today, at daylight?
I dont know, sir. Jonathan leaned back on one leg to avoid being struck. However, the man just marched back and forth, hurling expletives and fuming.
Leary. Write this down. A soldier sat at the table, pen in hand. 
To General Meade. Your failure to initiate an attack this morning is irresponsible and may result in numerous unnecessary casualties. You are to begin conflagrations... uh, what time is it? Stop writing. He looked at his pocket watch. One p.m. By the time you get back its two or later... confound it! Okay, continue; you are to begin conflagrations at daylight tomorrow. Anything less will be considered treasonous. Major General Joseph Hooker. 
Leary finished the document. McClellan took it and handed it to Jonathan. Make sure your leader gets this. Make haste.
Yes, sir. Jonathan exited the tent as the general muttered, These men will cost us the war. I need good men.
Im a good man. He mounted Winny, swung around and kicked her flanks. They trotted out of the camp. They got to the road and settled into a pace and he stared at the path ahead. I am a man, why cant I fight? The Union needs more men, why not me? Anyone can be dispatch. He replayed the same thoughts over and over, ignoring his surroundings.
Until a man stopped them.
The man stepped into the road, his hand up, grabbing Winnys reins as she slowed. Whoa, boy. Where you going in such a hurry?
Jonathan gasped. He wore a Confederate uniform. 
He tried to speak but it came out a croak. Clearing his throat, he said, To General Meade, sir. Fool! Why did I tell him the truth?
Well, how about that? Step down here and lets have a look at you. As he dismounted, the soldier looked him up and down. You a soldier... boy?
N-no, sir. Im a dispatch. Just a boy, sir.
Just a boy... he scratched the back of his head. Look like a Union soldier to me. Why aint you in uniform?
Because Im j-just a d-dispatch. Sir.
He peered at his saddle. Any arms?
No, sir.
The soldier walked toward him and Jonathan backed up until he bumped against Winnys saddle. Well, you looked to be in a mighty big rush. If youre dispatch, then you must be carryin a message. He looked down the road from where Jonathan came. The question is, whered yall come from, where is General Meade, and whats the message? As he spoke, he moved his face closer until Jonathan could smell old hardtack on his breath.
The words ran out like rain through a downspout. I came from General McClellans with this message. He tore the letter from inside his shirt and held it for the man. He took it and read it.
Well, well, well. Looks like the Unions gonna have a little party at the bridge. How about that? Thank you, boy. You done real good. Probably get a statue of you at Richmond when the wars over. He patted him on shoulder. Lets just walk your horse over to our spot and well wait for Jenkins. Get this message to General Lee. Take the reins and walk ahead of me. We just gotta get through some brush here.
Jonathan took the reins and followed the mans verbal directions.
Fool! Why didnt I ride right past? Or tell him I was just passing through? He didnt even show his arms. I could have outrun him. And I gave him the letter. I might as well have sounded the trumpet of my arrival. Why dont I just jump on Winny and ride away? 
Yet he knew the answer. He was a boy. In a mans war. A cowardly, frightened boy. Not a shot fired, and he rolled over with his feet in the air. They continued down the hill and crouched through dense brush. Winny balked. Easy girl. Come on. He coaxed her onward. The brush cleared for a small area where another soldier stood with his rifle pointed at them. 
Easy, Clem, its only me. Got me a dispatch.
Clem eased his weapon down. Is that so?
Yeah. Meade is going to try to take the middle bridge tomorrow. Got a letter from General McClellan says so. He showed the letter to Clem, who took it and read it.
How about that? Why dont I take this letter over the creek and get it to General Lee? You can wait here. Or should I take the prisoner with me?
I dont know. Slow you down. Aint worth much for prisoner exchange or nuthin. Well wait here til you git back. Figger out what to do with him.
Take it to A.P Hill. Just watch out for Sumners men. Theyve gathered at this side.
Will do. Clem stuffed the letter in his shirt just like Jonathan had done and headed downhill toward the river. 
The soldier motioned to a tree. Tie yer horse. Jonathan complied. Sit. He motioned toward a log and sat himself. Jonathan sat beside him but not too close. The stick jabbed his side.
The stick.
He possessed a weapon. 
Sorry we aint got no fire. Beins were in enemy territory we gotta lay low, you know? Keep yer voice down, too, or ahll have ta gag ya.
Yes, sir.
So where ya from, boy?
Rhode Island.
Ah. A rogue from Rogues Island.
Jonathan eased the stick up an inch at a time. Where you from? Keep him talking and distracted.
Savannah, Georgia. Pretty there. Miss home. You?
Yes, sir, I miss it a lot. The stick wiggled loose. Dont drop it. Hot in the summer in Savannah, I hear.
Yeah. And the skeeters will carry you off. The man stared at the ground at his feet.
Jonathan gripped the stick. Look the other way. 
But its pretty. Get over to the ocean, with those cool breezes off the water. Nighttime the sky full of stars. We get this war over and I am gettin back. 
He turned his head. 
Jonathan stuck the weapon into the side of his neck. The man screamed and stood. Jonathan jerked it out and stabbed him in the thigh. The man cursed and grabbed Jonathans wrist. Jonathan threw himself against him and the man tripped over the log. Jonathan fell onto him, stabbing him, a grazing slash on the cheek. The man howled and scrambled to get to his feet. Jonathan stabbed again, hitting him in the center of his throat, and blood shot out onto Jonathans face. The man hugged him and rolled over, kneeling on his arms. Jonathan squirmed under his weight as blood gushed out onto him. The mans breathing became ragged as air and blood spewed from his neck.
Somehow the man grabbed for the stick, wrestled it out of Jonathans fingers, and swung down toward his head, but he shifted and the stick grazed his temple. Jonathan pushed up and the man fell over on his back, gasping and sputtering out the hole, his mouth wide open as blood filled it. He twisted the stick out of the mans hand and drove it into his chest. The man lifted and curled around the wound, then fell back, silent. Jonathan stood and took two steps back, then fell to the ground. He stood again and walked to the man, expecting him to jump up and attack him, but the man remained still in death.
Jonathan struggled to control his breathing, his hands on his thighs. What a hideous, horrible mess! Winny snorted and bucked. He ran to her and calmed her as best he could, patting her neck. She could feel his tension and it didnt help.
He looked at his hands, covered in blood. Getting on his hands and knees, he wiped them in the dirt. He looked around and found the soldiers backpack. Opening it, he found an old undershirt and wiped the blood off his hands. He wiped his face with his sleeve and found more blood. His? Mine? He wiped it off. Sat on the log. Couldnt stop the heavy breathing. His shirt got cold and wet. He looked down and realized it was the mans blood. The shirt stuck to his stomach. The man lay still, the stick pointing toward the sky. Jonathan grabbed the stick and tried to pull it out. It stuck fast. He gave a mighty jerk and pulled it out. He wiped it on the shirt as well and stuck the weapon back in his belt. 
He sat on the log with his head in his hands and struggled to compose himself. Stood and walked to the corpse, turned away, walked to where the other soldier had been, sat and tried to get his breathing normal once again. He wiped sweat off his brow. 
Now what? Should I bury the body? Get back to Meade? Wait for the other soldier and kill him? He concluded that getting the message to Meade took priority over everything else. And he would tell Pincer Pete of the matter, who would know what they could do. He trotted up to Winny and saw blood on her neck. From where he patted her. Found the shirt and wiped her down. 
They trotted into the camp and the soldiers stared at him. What are they looking at? 
Pincer Pete stopped him. You okay?
Yeah.
You are covered in blood.
It aint mine. He dismounted. I need to see General Meade.
He peered at him, debating. Nodded. Okay. Lets go.
Pete escorted him to the tent. So what happened to you? 
A Confederate captured me.
What?
Ill explain after the general.
I cant wait.
Jonathan gave General Meade the blistering message from General McClellan. Then Meade dismissed him. Pete waited outside the tent with some rags and a bucket. Come with me. He led him to the creek. Take off your clothes. All of them.
Jonathan removed his shirt and breeches, shocked at the amount of blood on them. They washed them in the creek, the blood flowing downstream in a cloud. Pete said, Now you. Jonathan dipped in the water and rinsed off. Pete handed him the rags to wipe off. He peered at his head. You got a nasty cut there. Howd you get that?
He pointed to the stick among the clothes. Long story.
Lets get you to the fire and get you dried off.
They carried the clothes to the fire and hung them. Pete gave him a uniform.
Whered you get this?
Dont ask. Just git dressed. He obeyed and stood by the fire. Sit. Now tell me what happened.
Jonathan told the story. When he got to the part about stabbing him in the neck, he broke down and sobbed, his head against Petes chest. Pete patted his back and spoke soothing words. Thats okay. That was scary, thats for sure. You did real good. Doin good here, too.
There was so much blood. It was horrible. It was slippery, and the guy fell on me, and I was so scared.
The good book says, Fear not, for I am with thee. Pete got him calmed down and offered him some coffee. Jonathan drank the bitter mud. Hey listen, Pete said, Im on cannon now, since I cant work a rifle worth a hoot, what with this claw and all. He held up his gnarled hand. You suppose you can help load cannon shot tomorrow? I could use a good hand.
Ha ha ha, good hand. Jonathan laughed. They both laughed, too long and too hard. 
~
September 17
With the cannon in place, the men shoveled an embankment behind it to slow the recoil. They worked in the first light of dawn, to be ready at daylight. Pete did what he could but his hand restricted shoveling. Jonathan finished the earthworks and set the shovel down. So how do we fire a cannon?
After the first shot, a guy is going to take this. He showed him a mop-looking thing. The sponge. He dips it in the water and wipes out the bore. This gets anything from igniting the powder before we want it to. Very important. Too little and it blows up on us. Too much and the powder gets wet. Then a man puts the powder cartridge into the muzzle. Then you will pack it in. He held up a finger. Very important. Not too tight, not too loose. Heres how I want you to do it. Pack it three times, gently, each time saying, In the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. Got it?
Yes, sir.
Then another man loads the canister. He held up a cylindrical shaped black thing. This works for shorter distances, but has steel balls in it. They explode out of it and provide a great deal of damage. Again, you need to pack it in. This time, pack it tight. Firm. Three times. In the name of the Father, the Son and the Holy Ghost. Got it?
Yes, sir.
Then cover your ears and watch where it goes. We learn from the first shot how to adjust for the second. When you aint loading, look around for anythingenemies, trees falling, fire, anything that may slow our work. Okay?
Jonathan saluted. Yes, sir.
Good man.
Jonathan chided himself. Man. He told that Confederate, Im just a boy. Im just a dispatch. Poser. Crying into Petes chest yesterday. Hookers man, threatening a backhand, and he caved and gave him the message. Telling that soldier what he was doing. Stopping. Giving him the letter. Poser. Faker. Crying in Petes shirt. 
Within the hour the fighting commenced. Jonathan packed the powder, then the shot. In the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. The cannon bellowed, shooting backward, the canister exploding across the river and below them. Bodies flew and men screamed. Trees shredded and fell on men. Men flew through the air and landed on men. In the name of the Father, the Son and the Holy Ghost. Death and destruction reigned. Soil and rocks exploded and flew into the faces of men. Soldiers sweat from the heat of the cannon. Gunshots below, almost constant. He covered his ears from their cannon, but the others crashed nearby, the sound deafening. 
Five times someone had to run to the creek for two buckets of water and return to cool the gun. Boom! In the name of the Father, the Son and the Holy Ghost. Boom! The air got so thick with gunpowder that they couldnt see the river. Fire anyway! Pete commanded. Boom! In the name... Boom! The faces of his comrades were black and streaked with sweat. The men worked togetherwipe, load, pack, load, tamp, boom wipe, load, pack, load, tamp, boom... on it went through the day as time stood still, the sun invisible through the black cloud, the claws of death reaching out and capturing man after man with musket balls and cannon rounds. In the name. Wounded cried, dying men gasped, and the black angel of death spread her wings over the men. 
He packed and tamped, packed and tamped. Boom boom boom. Someone screamed in his ear but he couldnt hear. He looked to see a black man yelling something. Top. Top.
Stop. He dropped the rammer. Now what do we do? Darkness crept in, a deeper pall than the smoke. They returned to the camp, tired and spent. 
~
Jonathan sat by the fire as the flames consumed the wood, sparks flying into the black night. Pete sat beside him and patted his knee. You done real good today.
Nah.
What? You done good.
Not really.
For the first day of service, Id say you done well.
I screwed up a lot.
Like what.
Letting that reb capture me.
Oh, I suppose you should have known hed jump out and stop you. Things like that happen.
I gave him the papers.
Hed of gotten them.
I shoulda run off.
The fourth plan worked well. You know, when you killed him.
I shoulda
With a stick! Pete stood. With a stick. You took a rebel soldier down with a pointed piece of of wood. Thats like... Thats like David and Goliath. With a stone. You took a rebel down with a stick. That sounds like a brave man thing to me.
I suppose.
Pete sat beside him. A lot happened today. A whole lot. Things change in a war. In one day. Like for instance, I saw you wince this morning when a man called you boy. Remember that?
Seems a lifetime ago. Yes, sir.
Heard anybody call you that since you came back covered in blood?
Huh. No, I cant recall.
Thats because youre a man. They saw the man do the man thing today. You earned their respect. You didnt try to, you did what you had to do. Sometimes a situation comes up and anyone can tell if a man or a boy responded to it. Dont matter how old you are, or what you did before the war.
I suppose it dont, but still...
Pete peered at Jonathan. What? What did you do before the war? 
What did you do?
I was a blacksmith. Okay now, what about you?
I cant say.
Come on.
I was a... a paperboy.
A paperboy? How old are you?
Fifteen-years-old.
Fifteen? Petes eyes got wide. Fifteen?
Yessir.
Pete whistled. Oh, man. A fifteen-year-old man.

West Virginia
I hate texting while driving, more so since riding a motorcycle so much. What is so important that it cant wait? If its that important, pull over. The beginning of this story is taken from real life. To be fair, California leaves West Virginia in the dust when it comes to drivers texting. 
TEXTER 
Charley exited the Charleston Krogers with a bagful of groceries and walked to his parked 2006 Yamaha Road Star. The bike rumbled to life and warmed up while he jammed the groceries into his backpack. He donned his helmet and gloves, tossed a leg over, clicked it in gear, and wove his way out of the parking area. He waited behind a blue Toyota as the cars queued up to head West on McCorkle. The light turned green and the cars in the adjacent lane accelerated, but the Toyota crawled away.
Whats the matter with this guy? Charley muttered to no one. The light turned red just as he rode under it, following. Three cars, great. He glanced at his speedometer. Less than ten miles an hour. The lineup stopped again at another red light so he pulled alongside the blue car to see what could be wrong. 
A woman. Texting. He honked his horn and she looked up, startled. Amazing, she must have been fifty-years-old. He held his hands up like, What are you doing? She returned to her phone, punching the keys with even more ardor.
The nerve! Its one thing to ignore traffic, text, and bump another car. But what if she ran into a bike? Charley knew hed be on the ground, sliding along the pavement, grinding off skin. The light turned green and he honked again She lurched forward. 
Just let it go. He knew better. Shed gotten the message. No, she hadnt. After he honked she got right back to her stupid phone, didnt she? He let her get ahead and swerved behind her. Put his bright lights on. Its daylight, but so what? Hed follow her... home, or to work, anywhere and enlighten her on her dangerous behavior. He gripped the bars. When she moved to the right lane, he followed, and saw her look in the mirror. He nodded. Yeah, Im behind you, he muttered. She stopped behind traffic for the 36th bridge light.
The light turned green and she turned, Charley right behind. Over the bridge they went, then onto I-64. What, you going to outrun me? She took it up to seventy and he saw her holding the phone up to her ear. Well, its a bit better than texting. She looked animated and waved her free hand as she talked. Perhaps if she spent as much time focused on her driving...
They passed the Greenbrier exit and after a mile or so the car slowed to forty. What are you doing now, texting again? he said aloud. She continued the snails pace for another five miles or so, tractor trailers rocketing past, buffeting Charley, the bike bucking the side draft. He watched his mirror, hoping no one else ran up on him while texting. What was she doing anyway?
The answer came in a black Ford pickupbig, with fat tires. The truck pulled alongside him and slowed to their pace. Charley glanced over and the guy waved, a get over sort of signal. Oh, God help us. It must be her man. Great. He looked like a big guy. They had him pinned in, both in front and one side. Perhaps he could power brake, swerve left, out run them? But traffic built behind the truck, no place to go. 
Enough. He pulled over to the shoulder, ready to fight if need be. Much safer with fists than pickups and bumpers. The woman matched his slowing speed and the pickup fell in behind him. Charley stopped. He got off and started to remove his gloves and helmet, then thought better of it. The gloves had carbon fiber knuckle protectors, an asset in a fight, and the helmet provided a safeguard. 
Just as Charley turned, the guy put both hands on his chest and shoved. He stumbled over backward, the foot peg jamming into his back. He scrambled to his feet. 
What do you think youre doing to my wife? The guy demanded, hands on his hips.
Good time to put his head down and drive the helmet into his chest and chin. Charley stopped, however. Maybe talking might ease the situation. Just then she arrived, brown eyes flashing, and swung her purse at him, smacking the side of his helmet. While it didnt hurt, it whiplashed his head. Charley twisted her purse from her hands and threw it down the hillside.
Give me my purse! she shouted.
The guy grabbed Charleys arm. He pulled it out of his grip and yelled, Stop!
Somehow, it worked. Both ceased and desisted. If I could speak for a moment.
The guy breathed hard and the womans eyes shot flames of hatred, but they listened. This better be good, the guy said, chasing my wife like you did.
I didntokay, I did. Your wife was texting and driving.
The flames in his eyes morphed into astonishment. What?
Texting.
His shoulders dropped. She was texting. Youre sure?
Well, she had her head down, going eight miles an hour, then at the light she punched her phone and kept looking at it. We missed one light cycle. Looked like texting to me.
His jaw hung down, mouth wide open. He turned to his wife. Michelle. Were you texting?
She licked her lips and nodded. To Janice. I told her wed be home tonight. It couldnt wait.
Just pull over. We have talked about this. You cant text when you drive.
It was important.
He shook his head like if he did it hard enough the words would come back out and everything would be okay. Then he walked around the bike and down the hillside where he picked up her purse. As he ascended the hill, he rooted through it. Wheres your keys? 
Michelle pointed behind her. In the car. Revelation dawned in her eyes. Oh, no you dont. She trotted to the car but he beat her to it, pulled out the keys and held them above his head. She jumped for them, to no avail. Let me have them.
No way. Ive had it with this texting insanity. He strode to the truck while she grabbed him and struggled to stop him, clawing for her purse and keys. Charley watched in astonishment as he shoved her away, fired up the truck and left, the tires screeching. She hurled curses at the receding truck. You jerk! she screamed and knelt on the shoulder of the road, crying.
Charley took off his gloves and helmet. He ran his hand through his hair and approached her. She looked pitiful, kneeling with her head down, her dark straight hair around her face, tears dripping onto her lap. He stood and waited for the floodwaters to recede. 
She looked up at him, mascara blackening her cheeks. He dug a Kleenex out of his pocket. Here.
She took it and wiped her face, then saw the black mess on the tissue. Oh, dear. She stood and surveyed the surroundings, then spotted the bike. Tottering up to it with her high heels, she peered in the mirror. Not good. Not good at all. She worked at the mess for a while as Charley considered riding off and leaving her on the side of the road. 
Bad idea. 
Say, it looks like you could use a ride. I suppose I could give you a lift.
On that?
Uh, yeah. Charley figured that could be the stupidest question this week. 
Do you have a helmet?
Just one, sorry.
Michelle crossed her arms over her chest. Isnt that dangerous?
Well, yes it is. Just like texting.
She shook her head. You wouldnt understand.
That did it. No you dont understand. He poked her chest. Youre texting and endangering everyone around you, especially us motorcycles. Get your head up and drive, for crying out loud. Beyond crying, the faucets opened up again. He didnt care. There isnt anything thats so important you cant stop and text or wait. Stop being an idiot. Think! He pointed at his head. 
Im sorry. I didnt mean to get everyone so riled up.
Charley took a deep breath. Just give the phone a rest, okay?
Well, now I have to. Greg has it.
He leaned on the bike. No use. Some people are born stupid and just stay that way. He decided to take the high road. 
So do you want a ride?
Isnt it illegal?
Yes! he shouted, and so is texting. Can you get that through your thick skull? Shall I just leave you here? What is the matter with you, anyway?
She folded her arms across her chest. Just leave me here.
Love to. I cant do that.
Well... okay. Ive never ridden on a bike before.
Its not difficult. You just sit on it.
Kay.
He took off his backpack. Youll have to wear this.
Why?
No room between us.
Oh. She shrugged into the backpack and he tightened the straps. He put on his helmet and gloves. Now get on. She struggled to swing on, then said, What do I hold on to?
Nothing. Or else me. If youre afraid, just wrap your arms around me. She grabbed both sides of his leather jacket and crushed them in her grip. She felt thin and light. He started the bike and she let out a yelp. Were going to take off fast, he yelled over the traffic, to get up to speed.
Oh, dear.
He throttled up and shifted through the gears.
Can we slow down?
No. Thats what she gets for getting into this mess.
She wrapped her arms around his stomach. What a weird feeling, riding with the woman who started as his enemy. He rode for a mile or so then said, Where are we going?
Take the highway 34 exit.
He rode and Michelle yelled directions, her arms crushing his middle. A pickup rocketed past and she gasped. Wasnt he really close? she yelled in the wind.
He shrugged. He was in his lane. 
They arrived at her house, Charley recognizing the lifted Ford pickup. He shut off the engine. Okay, you can let go now. She complied. Get off.
Michelle dismounted and wiped her windblown hair. Her cheeks were bright red from the cool wind, her brown eyes afire. That was terrifying. But somehow cool. She held out her hand. Thanks for the ride.
He shook it, cool and thin fingers. Sure.
And II get it now. No texting.
Good. He fired up the engine. And thank your husband for not punching me out.

Kentucky
We visited Rebas Bites Candy in Frankfort, Kentucky, and saw firsthand how candy could be made in a remodeled house, gaining national attention. We got to sample Bourbon Balls, which tasted sweet, laced with warm and smooth whiskey. While Im a teetotaler, I understood how people could appreciate good bourbon. The history of Rebas and Bourbon Balls are based on reality; most everything else is fiction.
CANDY COURAGE
Ben, do you see this sign?
Well, duh, how could I miss it? In big plastic letters it announced, Rebas Bites Candy.
It gets dusted every day. Jolene, my new boss, turned and marched, with me in her wake, to the back of the store, stopping at a door.
This is your territory, she said, as if she were handing me the deed to fifty acres. Only it looked to be a former bedroom, littered with brooms, mop buckets, sprayers, and rags. 
She must be forty, her dark hair going to gray, tied back in a ponytail. Being a single mom, it showed in the lines on her face, particularly the frown lines. If you need anything, run out of something, just let me know. Im here all the time. I nodded. You clean at home, dont you? I couldnt answer. Did she mean Im the housekeeper, or I help my mom, or my room? Well, you do, right? You help around the house. 
Oh. Yeah. I nodded like an idiot. Just answer her questions. Uh, huh. Mopping, dusting, things like that, right?
She looked down her nose at me. This is just like a home. Like your home. Its a remodeled house, but weve made it feel like youre coming inside our home. She headed to the front. Do I grab a mop, or? I decided to follow and trotted to catch up to her. As we entered the living area where the gift shop resided, I did a double take. Whoa. Behind the candy counter stood a dark-haired beauty with red tips, clear skin and brown eyes. 
Jolene turned and looked first at me and then at the source of my affection. The frown lines deepened. Thats Leah. My daughter. Come. We retreated into the hallway, where Jolene stopped and whirled, her finger in my face. Off limits, boy. Youre here to work, and I wont have any dating situation messing things up, you hear me?
Yes, maam.
She nodded, aggressively, and I knew she meant business. We returned to the gift shop. I followed Jolene andcareful to make sure she didnt see metook a good look at Leah. As she chatted with a customer, a lock of dark hair fell over her eyes. She slid it aside with a slender finger that bore a red nail. The customer laughed. I knew I would laugh. 
Jolene spun and got to business. Every morning this area needs to be mopped before we open. At noon and midafternoon you sweep. She continued with cleaning the glass candy cases, the windows, the doors and handlestheres no second chance at a first impressionblah blah blah. I kept stealing glimpses of Leah, seemingly the epitome of grace and goodness. The old lady caught me once and snapped her fingers. Remember. Off limits. Well see about that.
After Stacy broke up with me, I decided to raise the bar from psycho fighter with sharp tongue and fingernails to... something like Leah. 
Whenever you run out of things to do, you come behind the counter and help Ashley restock, Jolene said to the back of a girl behind the counter. The girl must have been Ashley. Blond hair, straight, plain, skinny, looking like shed just heard her dog got killed.
Is she your daughter, too?
No relation. Leave her alone, too. Keep your love life away from work.
No problem. Ashley looked too much like psycho Stacey.
Jolene spent a couple hours with me, showing me every job, but making it clear that if anyone needed anything cleaned up for any reason, I would hop right to it. Being my first real job, I was ready to hop. And if Leah needed anything, Id really hop.
We retired to Jolenes office, another bedroom in the back, jammed with ninety years of file cabinets, a printer, copier, piles of paper, and a desk covered with letters, bills, and sticky notes. She sat in a tired swivel chair and indicated for me to do the same, except in a metal folding chair. 
She opened a file and removed a thick pile of papers, held together with a big black clamp. Read the policy, fill out everything, and return this tomorrow. She removed a black and white brochure with a woman on a horse, looking like the old West. Read this, it gives you the history of Rebas Bites Candy. Do you have any questions?
How old is Leah? Is she dating anyone? What kind of flowers does she like? No, maam. I took the paperwork and reclamped the brochure in its place.
Be here at seven-thirty. Ill let you in.
Im eighteen and responsible. Cant you just give me a key? Yes, maam. 
~
I googled Leah Davis and came up with dozens, but couldnt be sure if any were her. Searched Facebook. No sweat. Leah Davis. Works at Rebas Bites. Studies at Frankfort High School. A senior. No wonder she only works part time. Friends 374. Likes 84. 
The pictures included Leah at a party, looked like her birthday. Posing with four friends, a half a dozen selfies, some solo, some with girlfriends. A photo of The Incredible Hulk, Taylor Swift. She used a selfie for a profile picture, so close that only one eye showed, covered with plenty of black mascara, her perfect teeth and skin, the tips of her hair dyed red. No boyfriendscool. 
I opened the Likes. Bookshistorical, fiction, romance. Gamesdominoes, Rummikub, pinochle. Activitieswriting, walking, petting my cat, quilting.
Gotta love Facebook, I clicked on every icon, seeing more of Leah Davis. 
Time to get to know you better, Leah. I searched through Google images until I found a good-looking guy. Built a Facebook person, Jim Bond, Kentucky State freshman, likes walking and Rummikubdont copy everything, too obviousloves football, action movies. It took a few hours, but I built a pretty desirable guy. Sent the Friend Request. 
~
I mopped the concrete floor in the factory. You cant sweep, or the dust gets in the candy, and wouldnt that be awful? Almost done, I heard Leahs voice. She stopped in the adjacent room with a tour group following, a gaggle of old ladies and men following her to where they cooked the candy and mixed it. 
This copper pot and burner are still used regularly and are over ninety-years-old. I stopped mopping and listened. Her voice sounded like a waterfall, light and sweet. The retirees listened and asked questions. Next the group moved to our area, so I mopped the same spot to hear her voice. She talked about the mixes, then someone asked about Bourbon Balls. 
Were famous for our Bourbon Balls. Reba Haney attended a gala, where a congressman complimented her on her tasty candy. He indicated that they enjoyed taking a sip of bourbon and chasing it with a bite of chocolate. Reba went home and experimented. Voila! Bourbon balls.
Can a person get drunk on them? an old lady asked.
It takes a couple pounds to get you drunk. Easier just to drink and eat a few Dark Chocolate Cremes. Everyone laughed. I knew I would laugh. 
The group moved onward, and ignoring the desire to mop behind and listen to Leahs melodious voice, I returned to the mop and bucket. Ashley came and demanded I help her restock shelves. 
~
Crash! A kid knocked a jar of Bourbon syrup onto the floor. I worked nearby and stopped dusting a shelf of Kentucky trinkets and hustled over. Mom and kid stood staring at the mess. Leah had stepped in to their aid. I trotted back to get the mop and bucket. Returning, I saw Mom and kid leaving in humiliation and Leah bent over, picking up shards of glass. 
Here, let me get that. I bent down as close beside her as possible and picked up pieces, sticky with syrup goo. Leah had piled them up and now picked them carefully to dump in the bucket. If she needed help licking the syrup off her fingers, I was her man. She smelled of jasmine, and those slender fingers with bright red fingernail polish worked efficiently, moving glass out of the way. 
You need to get some hot water, she said and her blue eyes looked into mine. I will get you anything you want.
Okay. I stood. 
Get some paper towels, too. Its best to wipe it up dry first.
Sure. I ran to the room and got what wehopefully weneeded. I didnt want to finish this job alone. And the moment we finished, I would ask her out. 
When I returned, shed finished with the glass and had pushed the goo to the middle with a napkin. I got it, I said in my best superhero voice. Wow, that sounded idiotic.
The bell tinkled at the front door and she stood, wiping her hands on her apron. She turned to the counter. Ashley, can you help clean this up?
Dang. I finished the job with the psycho lookalike, relishing the smell of jasmine. 
~
That evening I read the brochure of Rebas Bites and the life of Reba Haney. She started in 1910, a single woman, and built the business in a mans world. Suffered through the Great Depression, kept working at recipes and improving her product, then her house and business both burned to the ground in a fire, leaving only the marble slab that we still used in the factory. I cleaned it twice already. She borrowed money from a fellow believer to start over because the banks wouldnt touch her. 
I set the brochure down and sighed. That woman had courage. And I couldnt even work up the nerve to ask Leah out. Sure, Reba overcame a lot of adversity, but she didnt have to overcome Jolene Davis. 
I logged on to Facebook. Leah had accepted my friend request. I tried messaging her. 
leah, u there
hi jim bond
Now what do I say? I rejected three different stupid things when she wrote again.
any relation to james bond
Duh! I never thought of that. 
not a secret agent
2 bad
Dang. I should have told her I worked for the CIA. No, that wouldnt work. They never tell. Too late anyway. 
im goin 2 K state next year how do u lik it
That would have been cool if I actually went to Kentucky State.
prety good. Lotsa partyin
my momd kill me
She was right, Jolene probably would. 
Jim Bond, James Bond, brilliant.
~
I squirted window cleaner on the front window and slathered the mess around in circles. Jolene had yelled at me for leaving streaks, so I worked it. Although wintertime, the sun shone through the glass and dried the cleaner. Someone sang about a Tequila Sunrise over the radio, another ambiance enhancer. I tried changing the station yesterday, maybe get some Lady Gaga or something and Jolene railed about that. 
Take another shot of courage... the band sang. I could use a shot of courage. If I could just work up the nerve, I could talk to Leah, I knew it. I already knew her, thanks to Facebook. She called her cat Twinkles. She hated mornings, and tests were coming up. When I worked up the nerve, we could talk
What are you doing? Jolene demanded. 
I jumped, hadnt heard her. Uh, the window.
You cant do it in the sunshine. No wonder it streaked. Do the back windows and come back in a few hours. She spun and headed for the counter. Man, every time she spoke to me I felt like a fool. And I want to date her daughter? Ill win her over. Just takes a little time. And a shot of courage. Maybe a few shots.
~
Can you get drunk on them?
It takes a couple pounds to get you drunk. Easier just to drink and eat a few Dark Chocolate Cremes. Everyone from the tour laughed. I almost laughed, not at the answer, but that Leah said the same thing every time. I could do a tour! 
Kid, get busy. Vick, the old guy stood in front of me. I need that kettle. Come on.
Leah looked our way and smiled, but like the clown was funny smile. Not good.
Here Im trying to impress her and looking like an idiot. I got to scrubbing and brooded. How could I talk to her with so many setbacks? I needed a shot of courage. I stopped scrubbing, the inspiration hitting me like a lightning bolt. Bourbon Balls. If I ate enough of them, I could get loosened up at bit and break into conversation with Leah, then ask her out.
I finished the copper kettle, then wandered along the line and watched the little candies moving along the belt, getting chocolate bottoms, then a chocolate shower. At the end, two women stuck them into boxes. 
There was no way I could snatch Bourbon Balls off the line, but what if I took some of the mix? No, it wasnt cooked. Doesnt it have eggs in it and youd get botulism or something? And for that matter, the bourbon hadnt been added yet. It looked like the best option would be for a box or two to disappear. 
Grabbing the mop, I swiped at dirt in the back of the factory. There. An old wooden box of shelves stood at the wall with room behind it. I mopped my way over and checked it out, trying not to attract attention to myself. Just snatch a box from the stockpile, drop it behind the shelving and graze on the candy for a few hours. By quitting time, I could make my move.
No use waiting, I mopped my way to the stacks of white boxes and slipped one under my shirt. Easy. I worked my way to the shelf and just like that, one box, one pound, hidden behind it. Tomorrow, Ill snatch another one.
Ben! Jolenes yelling snapped me out of my reverie. What are you doing?
I hate stupid questions. Obviously, if she paid attention, shed see me mopping. Catching two or three smart aleck answers, I didnt answer quickly enough.
Well?
Uh, mopping, maam.
I can see that. Then why did you ask? Get up front and give Ashley a hand restocking the front.
Yes, maam.
Man! If Leah was going to be tough, Jolene would be impossible. No satisfying her. Ill win Leahs attentions first. One person at a time.
~
Today would be the Big Day. As soon as Jolene let me in I hustled to the back and stashed another box of chocolates. After lunch, in which I would eat chocolates, not lunch, I would sneak back and graze on the other box of candy. By quitting time Id be ready. Ask Leah out. A movie. Pick her up at her place, drive to the theater, get some popcorn... thanks to this job, I could pay for it all. Vick wanted me to help clean a machine, going to switch batches or something. Perfect. 
Because we stayed open through lunch, we ate in shifts, me on the second shift and never with Leah. Probably Jolene, keeper of the gate, making sure her precious kid didnt attach herself to the riff raff. Well see about that. 
Hey, Ben, its time for lunch, Ashley said. She reminded me so much of psycho Stacy it scared me. Blond, self-absorbed, and not too bright. 
Ill be right there. I ran to the back of the factory and grabbed the box of Bourbon Balls, opened them, and dumped them in my lunch sack. Tossed the box behind the shelves. Brought it to the back room and stopped in the doorway. Leah sat at the table, finishing off a banana. An apple core lay on her plate, and what looked like a peach pit. Wow, a nice person, beautiful, and she ate fruit. I should say something clever, but my mouth froze shut. Leah picked up her things and threw them in the trash. I sat in her chair, still warm. 
 Ashley came in, ate and texted. Fine with me. I popped a Bourbon Ball in my mouth. Milk chocolate, smooth with a heavy alcohol taste, giving it a bit of a burn. And a praline nut, bonus. The taste surprised me. Delicious. I get to enjoy getting loosened up, nice. 
Guys are such jerks. Ashley mashed the keys on her phone. 
Yeah? I managed around a mush of candy.
Donny Brewer. I thought hed be cool. But no, Sarah saw him with Brittany. Then he goes, Well, you hooked up with Tyler. Whatever. Now hes making excuses. She punched the keys. I will make his life a living hell. Putting it on Facebook, she smiled wickedly. Thoughts of Stacy rattled through my mind as she put our dirty laundry on social network, too. I popped another candy. 
Sucks for you.
You know it. Punch punch. 
I finished lunch and tossed the sack in the trash. Was I making it up, or feeling a bit lightheaded? I should have kept the sack, filled it with the second box, and stashed it in the lunch room. No problem, Id just go back and grab four at a time and wolf them down. 
On the third trip back, Vick stopped me. Whatre you doing? 
Hey, Vick, how are ya? I patted him on the shoulder. Nice guy.
Well?
Well what, buddy?
Whatre you doing?
Oh... Im ah, getting the mop. Forgot it, buddy. Just... going to get it.
Get it and get out of here. 
Yeah, sure, Vick buddy. I patted him on the back; nice guy, that Vick. Vickeroo. Vickster. The Vickiest. I laughed at my humor. But aint he snippy? I decided to make this the last trip and finish off the delicious Bourbon Balls. Opened the box and stuffed two in my mouth, held two, and stuck the rest in my pocket. Walked back and munched one, waved to Vick who gave me dagger eyes. Easy, man. Just going to the front now. You have a nice day, hear? Vick just glared. Sometimes people need to lighten up. 
I decided to clean the lunch room, remembering that Jolene told me to do it this morning. Humming, I walked past Leah and gave her a big smile. She smiled back, but looked concerned. Take it easy, Leah, I waved. 
In the lunch room I threw some trash away and opened the microwave to a food spattered disaster inside. Sat down and enjoyed another candy. Got the rag and cleanser. Shot the microwave with the spray bottle... more... it was pretty messy. Wiped the goop. Popped another candy. Whew, dizzy. Sat for a bit and finished the candy. Jolene walked through and gave me the stink eye. 
Just restin a bit, Lene, I said. Better get busy. I got up and knocked the chair over. Righted it. Got to the microwave and finished it. Looked pretty good. The clock on the micro said 1:65. What? That aint no time. I looked again, the numbers dancing. 1:56, almost two. Better. Quittin time. Time to make my move. I belched oops. Dont do that with Leah, no no. Grabbed the door handle, but it wouldnt work. Focus. Grab and twist. Belched. You stop that, Benny, I said to myself. Benny, thats funny. Laughed out loud. Opened the door and walked to the counter, where Leah stood, a picture of beauty and grace. 
Grace... I mean, Leah, I need to talk to you. 
Sure, Ben. She looked worried.
Dont worry, its fine. Just... I looked around. Just sit in that chair. I pointed.
Leah sat, slid her hair behind her ear, then put her hands in her lap. Here goes. This better be good. I decided to kneel in front of her, and put my hands on her hands on her knees. 
Leah, I I barfed all over her lap. Oh, great. Puke on my hands, all over her jeans... It stunk of stomach contents, chocolate, and bourbon. I fell backward onto the floor on my back. Leah stood over me.
You... you
Ben. Im Ben. Cut to the chase. Leah will you go out wi
Whats going on here? Jolene. Oops. 
Leah left in a huff and Jolene stood over me, two empty candy boxes in her hands. Youre fired.
I can explain
Get up. I struggled to stand and Jolene grabbed me by the front of my shirt and dragged me to my feet. Get out now. You can pick up your check tomorrow. She half dragged and carried me to the door and I stumbled out and fell on the porch as she slammed the door.
I stood and looked back. Wow, that didnt go right at all. I ran my hands through my hair. Not at all. My hands were wet. I looked at them. Right, I puked on them. I wiped them on the lawn, and hurled again.
The door opened and Ashley came out. She knelt by me and patted my back. You okay?
I tottered to my feet. Yeah. Im good. Except Lene... Jolene fired me. So wrong. No chance to splain.
I saw. She nodded. You want a ride home?
I looked in her eyes. She understood. Um, sure. You want to go to a movie?
Okay.

Virginia
The Civil War and slavery were huge parts of the culture in the nineteenth century. We visited the Capitol and Fredericksburg, depicting the darkest days of our country. What would it be like to be a black man in the north? What would it be like to face possible freedom?
FREEDOM
Fredericksburg, March, 1863
The coach trundled to a stop and the teamster stepped down to open the door. Eliza Wentworth took the offered hand and stepped out, looking a bit peaked. She held her other hand to the side of the carriage, took a deep breath, and grimaced.
What is that smell? She swatted a flurry of flies that surrounded her. 
Thats the smell of war, maam. Gunpowder, dead men, and animals.
But surely theyve cleaned them up. The battle... She looked at her surroundings. Buildings bore missing walls, others wore acne-scarred walls from bullets and shells. Old men shoveled out debris from a damaged shop. And the smell...
Yes, maam. But it takes time to clear, they say. Only been a few months. He turned to the coach. Boy! Hand those bags down. 
A horse, draped in black, ambled by, a pine box behind it. 
A black man passed bags to him and he carried them to the sidewalk. You might stop in at that tavern yonder and get a bit refreshed. They can probably get you a room, too. People been leaving, so chances are you can get a place. 
Eliza stepped toward the walk and into a puddle. Oh, my. George, could you...?
The black man stepped to her side and helped her to the walk. She shook the mud off her shoe. Get Bertha and the children. Find a place to stay. They can find me here for accounts.
Yes, maam. He returned to the coach and helped his wife and three children to the ground.
George. First take the bags into the tavern.
He tipped his hat. Yes, maam.
Eliza entered the tavern and found a table and chairs.
A woman walked up and said, Looks like Cody done delivered another Yankee to our place.
Eliza drew a breath. Perhaps I made a colossal mistake.
Oh, dont mind me, she patted Elizas hand. Happy to have any visitors here lately. Long as you aint a soldier. She swatted at the flies. 
Certainly not. But my husband is one.
Would you like something to drink?
Tea. Please. She held her handkerchief to her face and scanned the room. Soldiers in gray uniforms lined the bar. Men and women sat at tables, their conversations muted. People swatted at the flies sporadically. The lady returned with a pitcher and cup.
Mind if I sit with you a bit?
No, that would be fine.
She offered a hand. Kate Longstreet.
Eliza Wentworth. Very nice to meet you.
So what brings you here?
Well, Im not sure where to start.
How about the beginning?
She took a sip of tea and struggled not to grimace. Bitter. Im from Baltimore. We own a farm out there. My husband is away fighthes in the war. The first sentence and youve disclosed you husband fights her men! She looked at Kate for a negative response, but she looked impassively at her.
Go on.
Well, its a small farm and we have a few slaves. And with the war and all, well... weve encountered some financial setbacks. So my husband instructed me totake them here and sell them.
Kate nodded. Probably a good move. She leaned in and motioned for Eliza to do the same, then lowered her voice. But you aint going to get much now. People worried that the North wins, the slaves get freed and so why would anyone pay much for a slave if hes free in a year or so?
So you think the North may win?
Thats some speculation. Nobodys sure, mind you.
Because back home, people anticipate the South to win. We received news that the army took a pounding here at Fredericksburg.
Aint that funny how people think? Kate sat back. Both sides convinced theyll lose.
So I need to find an... a seller.
Kate nodded. Right. Auctioneer. Harvey Denman. Two blocks over. Hell get you top dollar. He draws people from Alabama, Louisiana. They pay better than anywhere else. I hate the entire slave thing, but what can you do?
We anticipate selling the family and hiring help. And doing a lot of the work ourselves.
This war is killing us all, in more ways than one.
~
Eliza opened the door marked, Denman Slave Auction to the stench of sweat. She drew her handkerchief and held it to her nose. Along the back wall stood horse stalls. Looking more carefully, Eliza saw dark men inside them. Flies swarmed in the air around them. The men looked at her, impassive. 
Hep yew? A man sat behind a desk, his feet crossed on it. He smoked a short black cigar, the smoke filling the room. She involuntarily waved it away. 
Excuse me? She shook her head.
Hep yew, maam? 
Oh, help you. Yes. I have a family of slaves Id like to sell.
Where?
From Baltimore.
Wheah is dey?
Where is... oh, where are they. Oh. Theyre outside.
Lets git a look atem. He stuck the cigar in a big pan full of ashes and stubs, ash floating into the air. He stood, walked around the desk, and opened the door. Eliza blinked at the bright light. 
These? He pointed to George, Bertha, and the three children.
Yes.
He stood with hands on his hips and looked George up and down, like a man inspecting a horse. Open your mouth. George complied. Always tell a good un by their teeth. Good. Turn around. He squeezed his shoulders. Hands... You dont work too hard, do you?
Yes sir, I do.
Not very calloused. Take off your shirt.
George fiddled with the buttons and removed his shirt. He surveyed Georges back then turned to Eliza. This boy ever been whipped?
She felt the heat go up her neck. I dont know. I dont get into the details of my husbands affairs. You could ask him.
He harrumphed. They always lie. Speak, boy, you ever been whipped?
As a child, yes.
The auctioneer turned to her. Some wont buy. Once you start whipping em at this age, they just break down. He spoke to George. What can you do?
Do, sir?
Yeah, do. Farming, horses, what?
I work on a farm and can handle a team. Done some blacksmithing.
Good. Lets see her. He pointed to Bertha. Teeth... Hands... Take your shirt off.
Eliza gave a start. Sir, she will do nothing of the sort.
How do I know what Im getting?
It is obvious to any observer what you are getting. She stood with hands on hips, and that would be indecent.
Your money. Well get less. Lets see those kids. Here, boy. He addressed the oldest. How old are you? 
Thirteen.
He squeezed his cheeks to open his mouth. Nice teeth. Good back. Youll do good. Can you dance?
Yes, sir.
Its yez mazzah. These northern... So go on. Dance.
Need music. 
No. Here, you. Girl. How old are you? 
Ten.
You clap. You dance. The children stood, confused. The man stood upright and shook his head. Lady, if these kids cant take simple instructions, they wont get you anything.
I uh I dont know what to say. We dont treat them like this.
Yeah, well, look what you got. How about you? He indicated the youngest, behind his mothers skirt. How old is he?
Four, Bertha said.
Okay. Put em in the back.
Eliza wrung her hands. Could we... could I have some time with them?
The man looked flummoxed. For what?
Well... they have been in the family for decades, so Id like to say goodbye.
Dont take too long, I dont want the entry blocked with these type. Ill go inside and draw up the agreement, and when youre ready, bring em in. Okay?
Actually, they are staying in the Millers barn. Cant they stay there tonight?
He stopped at the door. No, maam. They need to be secured. Sure as the world, you leave them there, theyll run off. 
Fine.
The man shut the door. George knelt at Elizas feet. Please, maam dont do this. They send us to Alabama... I hear stories... Itll be real bad. Tears rolled down both his cheeks. Bertha cried, then the kids got going, and soon everyone cried but the oldest boy.
George, stand up, please. Eliza dabbed at her eyes. You know we wouldnt do this if we didnt need the money.
Im beggin you, Mrs. Wentworth, if you would, we could go home, I join the army, get my freedom and after the war, I come home and we all work for you as free people. While Im gone, Bertha and the kidsll work hard for you. Well stay with you, we will, you have my word.
George, Mr. Wentworth and I have looked at this every which way, and this is our only alternative. Well pay off the mortgage and get another start.
What about us, Mrs. Wentworth? You heard him about Alabama, the whippings... what they could do to my wife.
She shook her head. I cant think about that. Youll be okay. Youre just afraid. There are many fine slave owners. The weather will be warmer. Now come on, lets just get this done. She walked to the door and held it for them.
After you, maam. 
Eliza stepped into the doorway and shrieked as a man almost bumped into her. 
Both his arms were amputated above the elbows.
~
Whatll you give me for this fine specimen? Stand up on the block boy. This here is a thirty-year-old, can farm, handle a team of horses, and says he can do some blacksmithing.
Sure he can, a man in the crowd laughed. 
Eliza stood in the back. Georges black skin stood above the crowd as he stepped onto the stump, shirtless. 
Any bids? He started his mantra as the bidding commenced. One hundred dollars.
She gasped. So low! Then, like a cold slap to the face, she realized it. No. It cannot be! He was selling them separately.
She pushed through the crowd to the front. 
Four hundred and do I hear five?
Stop.
We are in the middle of bidding, madam.
I thought you sold them together.
He took a drag of his cigar. Read your contract. He stood and resumed. Sorry, folks. Theres five and five and do I hear six-six-six? Six and seven, now seven and eight, do I hear eight? 
Eliza fell to the ground. A man helped her to her feet. Nooooooo. She pushed through the throng to the back, then stumbled across the street to a bench, sat beside a woman, and choked back tears. 
You okay, maam?
No. That was my slave family. They broke them up and are selling them separately.
I know. My husbands bidding on the youngest. Boy. Cute little thing.
Eliza struggled to her feet, tottered around to the side of the building, and vomited.
~
There you are, the man slid the check across the desk. Twenty-five hundred and fifty dollars, after our commission. Six months ago wed of gotten three times that, but what can you do? He picked up the cigar and puffed on it, the cloud of smoke choking Eliza. 
She took the check and put it in her purse. You broke up the family.
Yes, maam, I did.
You evil man.
What?
You heard me. You are an evil man, selling them separately.
Why am I evil? He stood and pointed the cigar at her. You gave them to me to sell. You wanted the maximum amount you could get for your property. And I did that. If I sold them together, youdve gotten a check for fifteen hundred. So dont come here on your high horse and call me evil. I gave you a written contract that spelled out how the sale would go. He tapped the desk for emphasis.
Im only a middle man. I put you, the seller, with those buyers. If you didnt sell them, I wouldnt have a business now, would I? So take your money and do with it as you will. But dont go telling me about morals. Were partners in this deal, lady. He puffed the cigar, set it down and leaned across the desk. You got nerve. You come down here to sell those slaves while your man wears a blue uniform. Aint that true?
Elizas blood ran cold. Y-yes. It does. I mean, he is does.
So hes killin my people, all high and mighty, telling us how to live and you use us to trade slaves. Miss high and mighty. He pointed his cigar at her. So I suggest you git outa here. Hope nobody takes matters into their owns hands, you hear? 
Eliza ran out the door, wiping the tears off her chin and cheeks. She heard theyll remarry as she slammed the door. 
~
George sat in the stall and swatted at flies. Between the flies and the stench, he feared he would go mad. He rubbed at the skin under the steel ring at his foot. The front door opened, a beam of light piercing the darkness. 
Mrs. Wentworth stood in the door, the light shining around her silhouette. She held a handkerchief to her face. Im here to see George.
He aint yours, the auctioneer shot back.
I just want to give him something.
This. She showed him something that George couldnt see.
Go ahead.
She came to the stall. George.
Maam.
Im... so, so sorry. You know why we did this, the need to get the mortgage paid, our struggles...
Yes, maam.
Um, so I... well, here. She handed a book to him.
He held it with both hands. This is your Bible, maam.
Yes. For you. To give you comfort.
Maam, I cant read.
She wrung the handkerchief. Perhaps you will. Or it could give you comfort, just having it.
Yes, maam. I sure do appreciate it. Thank you, maam.
The silence hung between them. He swept flies off his face. 
I, uh... must go. Goodbye, George.
You was always good to me, Mrs. Wentworth.
She wiped her eyes, turned, and left.
The time dragged, George limited in movement with the leg iron. The flies kept him occupied, but ready to scream as they relentlessly attacked him. After a few hours the door opened again. A man.
Im here for George and his family. 
Georges head shot up. Family?
The man got up and opened the stall door, then opened the others. He held out his hand. All yours.
The man led Bertha and the children outside and George sneezed in the light. 
Sir, I believe youve bought our entire family?
He nodded. The auctioneer man handed the man keys and he knelt and unlocked their feet, beginning with George. Thats right, George. Didnt want to break up the family.
Well, I sure do appreciate your help, sir.
Im John Sellers. 
And Im in your debt.
Lets get out of here. Not a good place for Northerners.
Northern, sir? Where we going?
Newport, Rhode Island.
Rhode Island! Land of the free. Sir, we are at your service.
~
George sat in the coach and wrung his hands. Sir, I really think we should sit outside. This aint proper.
Ill be the judge of proper, George.
Bertha said, Let the man be, George. I like it in here.
They rode and rocked in the coach as John spoke about the farm, life in Newport, and their future. 
George, you and your family can work for me, and I dont care as slaves or free, but you all work off your purchase price, and then you will be free.
George shook his head as if to clear it. Hard to believe. Sir, I cant tell you enough what this means to me. And we will earn our freedom, you wont worry about us. But what I would like to do is fight in the war. I believe we slaves need to fight for our cause. I appreciate what the white man does for us, but we need to do all we can do, too.
John peered at George. Seriously?
Yes, sir.
Bertha? What about you?
Me and the kids will work for you while hes gone.
John rocked and stared at his feet. 
Sir, you let me fight in this war, give us our freedom, and we will work for you for the rest of our lives.
 John held out his hand. You got a deal.
George shook it. Deal.
~
August, 1863
John Sellers heard the dogs yelping and baying and knew a guest approached. He opened the door as a pair of Union soldiers rode to the rail at the porch and dismounted. 
This cant be good. He leaned back through the doorway. Bertha. I think you better come here.
The men dismounted and tied the horses. One unloaded a gun, a bag and the other grabbed an American flag. They walked up the steps as Bertha came through the door and howled.
The men stood side by side. Were here to see Bertha, wife of George.
 No, no! Please, God, no. She shook her head and knelt on the porch.
John pulled her to her feet. Easy, Bertha. Come on. To the men, Give us a minute. He held her and she sobbed into his chest. Okay. Okay. Be strong. He rubbed her back and the back of her head. She took a deep shuddering breath and faced the soldiers. 
The blond man, who looked like a boy, took a deep breath. Maam, we are sorry to inform you that George was lost at the Gettysburg battlefield.
She looked up into the sky, her eyes searching. So hes lost.
He cleared his throat. Um, a casualty, maam. He died in battle.
The children came out to check on mom. She shooed them back into the house. Go on. Well be inside soon. Took a deep breath. Tell me.
The bearded man spoke up. George fought bravely. He held the line during battle and fought with strength and fortitude for ten hours. Just before nightfall he took a shot to the neck. The troops carried him off, but he fell to his injuries within the hour.
The blond man spoke. When in medical care, he said to tell you, his wife, that he loves you and you are the light of his life. He also said hed be waiting for you on the other side. He gave me this, too. He handed her a note. 
I cant read.
John held out his hand. I can read it for you. She handed it to him.
He cleared his throat. My darling Bertha. If you are reading this, I am probably gone. Please dont cry for me. I fought for freedom for you and the children and other slaves all over this country. Hopefully our fight will win freedom for every black man woman and child in this great country. 
I also want to give you my Bible, which Mrs. Wentworth gave me. Private Goodell read it to me regularly. John looked up, questioning.
The blond soldier held up his hand. Me. I wrote the letter for him, too.
He read Psalm 23 to me. Yeah, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil, for thou art with me. and many other verses that have given me comfort. I hope they will comfort you, too. Hopefully you get the Bible and maybe Mr. Sellers can read it to you, too. John stopped and drew a breath.
Goodell handed the Bible to Bertha. Thank you, she said. 
The soldiers remounted and left. John held Bertha. Im so sorry for your loss.
She wiped her tears. Will you read this to me?
Every day, Bertha. He watched the soldiers ride away, dust billowing behind the horses. Every day.

North Carolina
Im one of those lucky guys whose wife loves NASCAR more than me. She seldom misses a Sprint Cup race, and watches the Nationwide, too. Visiting the NASCAR Hall of Fame was no sacrifice for either of us; together, we thoroughly enjoyed it. 
GRAMPSSOUNDS LIKE CRAMPS
The family entered the building and I stayed back as far as possible. I did not want to be seen with them. Neither of my parents know how to dress; my little brother is a goober, and my younger sister an embarrassment. Since Dylan is twelve and Ashley eight, they probably cant help it. But my parents? They both wore NASCAR jackets: gaudy red, blue, and gold on him and black, red, and green hers. Disgusting. Gaudy pictures of stupid cars and racers images covered most of the body of the jackets, every other space bore sponsors logos. 
But the worst, most mortifying individual in the group was Gramps. Rhymes with cramps.
He wore a button-up sweater, unbuttoned, the green thing hanging limp on each side, draping over his gray slacks, a belt around his middle, just below his chest, held together with a huge belt buckle, with NASCAR engraved on it. Capped it all with a tucked-in yellow polo shirt. Ugh. His white hair stuck out both sides of a black baseball cap with the number 43 on it. Worse, his grey-white eyebrows were so long he could braid them. They have all embarrassed me one too many times these sixteen years. I hung back.
For weeks, everyone talked about seeing the NASCAR Hall of Fame. We live in North Carolina, the stock car capitol of the world, and I couldnt care less. So why couldnt I stay home? Mom didnt trust me. Oh, she sugar coated it with, Justin, please. Itll be fun. Do a family thing. Learn a thing or two. I did not care. Leave me home with my games. But no, I had to struggle to stay as far away from them as possible without leaving the building.
We got cards to enter and stopped at kiosks to program them. The stupid kiosks asked me questions.
Name?
It wasnt going to let me in without answering. Right. Id enter Justin Wilson. Theyd sell it to a bunch of rednecks and Id get ads for chewing tobacco for the rest of my life.
I entered, wanna behome
Email address? leavemehome@gmail.com
Favorite driver? Great. I had to pick.
Pick Slider Gilbert. I jumped. Gramps stood behind me, smelling like a cigar, Ben Gay and Old Spice. Rather than make it an issue, I chose Slider Gilbert. We entered the Hall of Fame.
A huge video screen showed wrecks, big ones, hard ones, multiple cars. Ive seen a million of them on Grand Theft Auto, a game Ive played at Billy Heberts house. No way my mom was letting me play that. She thought. Billy and me played all the time. 
The family was spread out, Gramps watching the video, Mom and Dad looking at a wrecked car. Dylan hopped up and down in front of me. Come on. Lets look at some wrecks.
Go away.
Okay. He took off and went under the rope to get in the wrecked car. And then came the security guy to haul him out.
Embarrassing.
This thing was going to take all day, as Gramps stopped to read every plaque, every sign. He would call Mom or Dad over and point something out, they would discuss the nuances of the body, the tires, the driver, whatever. I found a bench on the other side of the room and sat. Please ignore me! But no, Mom waved me over and we went up the ramp into a round room. A drivers Hall of Fame, I guess.
The top screen played the life of Darrel Waltrip. I recognized him, an announcer. Boogity boogity boogity, the most idiotic statement known to man. Next it switched to an owner, some guy. I found another bench. Everyone else wandered around, looking at cars, trophies, and drivers suits. A woman walked into the room and stared at Gramps. She let out a squeal and ran up to him.
Youre Scooter Wilson, she gushed. I knew him as Gramps, and his first name was Tony. Somehow he got the nickname Scooter. She shook his hand and smiled, acted like an idiot, then ran out. Huh?
Next she came back with a half dozen people. This is Scooter Wilson. She almost knelt at his feet. What was up with that? Next they brought out pens and asked him to autograph anything jackets, shirts, papers, even their skin.
What was the deal with Gramps-rhymes-with-cramps?
The owner video ended and over the speakers a womans voice announced that Scooter Wilson would be interviewed and signing autographs in the Inspection Area.
Maybe when Mom told me about today I should have listened.
We walked to the Inspection Area, where a stock car sat with an aluminum rack hung over it, apparently to lower onto the car to check its compliance.
Gramps walked around to the back side of a small table, sat with a guy, and the interview started. The usual stuff. 
Howd you get started?
Outrunning cops while running moonshine.
Huh? Gramps?
They talked about NASCAR for a while, then Gramps got into it, you could say. Probably because we were in the inspection place.
Well, NASCAR wanted the cars to have minimum weights. Everyone tried to get their cars as light as possible. We got ours four hundred pounds below the minimum and then filled the roll bars with buckshot. Then we put a trap door under it, so out on the track the driver would trip the door and the car that passed for minimum weight suddenly had an advantage.
I thought I would have to physically pick up my jaw. Gramps? I wrestled with conflicting emotions: shock at his flagrant breaking of rules, and marveling at the clever idea.
Flipper Jones brought the car in to the first pit stop and I yelled at him, Did you open the trap door? He was all hyped up from the race so he just reached down and tripped it. Buckshot blew out the bottom of the car and the entire pit crew fell over one another, sliding on the bbs like they skated on a sheet of ice. The car slid around trying to get out; I thought it would slide into the pit wall.
The crowd roared with laughter.
Another time we wanted to have a fuel advantage, so we ran forty feet of fuel line inside the frame and roll cage, giving us a more than a half-gallon advantage. Of course NASCAR figured it out eventually. But we had a saying, It aint cheatin if you dont get caught.
He spoke with a twinkle in his eyes as he reminisced about the good old days.
I dont know this man, I mumbled. I learned he won the season championship as a driver, and then later as a crew chief. No one else ever did that. When we left the building three hours later, I knew I wanted to get to know GrampsI wish I could call him Scooterbetter.
~
Who wants pie? Mom set the pumpkin pie in the center of the table.
Dylan shouted, I do. I do.
I smacked his head. Its a rhetorical question.
Whats rhetorical?
Eat your pie.
Nothing like Moms homemade pie with whipped cream topping to finish a Thanksgiving feast. I kept glancing at Gramps, eating in almost total silence, watching and listening to the others. There was a guy who had so much history, but we ignored him. I tried to think of a good question, but every one sounded stupid. The meal ended and everyone pitched together (that is, us kids) and did the dishes. Dylan and Ashley actually helped a bit, surprise.
Afterward, the family sat in the living room, Gramps in his reclinerhis territorythe remote within reach. He opened the drawer of the end table and pulled out a big cigar.
Mom got up from the couch. Dad, please no. Not in the house.
Its my house.
I know, Dad, but the kids... please.
He shrugged and stuck the stogie in his shirt pocket. 
I saw my opportunity and screwed up my courage.
Hey, Gramps, you want to show me around the shop?
He looked at me to see if I was joking. Sure. He struggled to his feet and walked, hunched over, to the back door. Were going out to the shop, he announced.
Can I come? Ashley ran up and grabbed Gramps leg.
No! I shouted. I mean, no, Ashley. Not this time.
She trounced off frowning, her arms crossed over her chest. Gramps winked at me.
With fallen leaves crunching underfoot, we walked to the beat-up old barn, now a shop. Gramps lived on this spread for his entire life, and Mom said since Grandma passed, it was getting away from him. She said hed have to find a little house soon.
He slid the door back and hit the lights, a grid of fluorescents that lit up the place like daytime or more. A dozen cars sat, some gleaming under the white light, others dusty, some broken and sad looking. One under a tarp. He pulled out the cigar and fired up a gold lighter. The smoke drifted around his head and ascended.
What you want to see?
I dont know. I just... I thought you might want to smoke that cigar.
He patted my shoulder, a heavy hand. Smart man.
He called me man. Cool. 
Now what? We stood in the center of the space, surrounded by cars, tools, signs, and memorabilia. What could I say? I didnt know you were such a hero until the Hall of Fame.
He harrumphed. I didnt either. Until they elected me. Just a worn-out old driver and car builder. He took a couple of puffs, meditating. The drivers get all the credit. But without a fast car? Most of the time if you watch an interview of a winner, hell say, The team put together this great car, I knew it was a top five car, or something like that. Without us theyre nothing. Puff puff. I won the championship, got all the credit and accolades, toured and lived like a rock star. Meanwhile the crew stayed behind and made the cars better for the next year. I decided I wanted to build the cars. Thats where winning starts. We built cars, got every inch of horsepower and suspension we could, and low and behold, we won another championship the next year. That meant more to me than driving the car. Puff puff. 
He walked to the workbench and rotated the handle of the vise. We built some great cars. Mostly Dick Parkers. He won six championships. Later it was Preston Gardner. That man could drive. He let the handle drop on the vise and it tinked as it stopped.
What are these cars? I turned to the rows of cars along each side, pointed toward the center.
Oh, stuff I picked up during my life. He laid his hand on the fender of a light blue Dodge. Not the hand with the cigar. This ones going to the Hall of Fame. Won nineteen races, it did. He slid his hand along the fender and over the roof, like a breath of fresh wind over a meadow of flowers. Lot of memories. Lots of good times.
I walked over to a black car, no stickers on it, but the engine erupted out of the center of the hood, like it rose up there, a boil of horsepower. Whats this?
He stuck the cigar in his mouth, set his hands on the windowsill and peered inside. A gift. We won the championship in 68, and Jim Bedford gave me this car. I been working on it. He stood and leaned against the door. Funny, we spent decades working on horsepower and dont get me wrong, its super important, but later I got to designing handling, suspension. And this car sticks like glue. This car is a box of fun, I tell you. He set the smoke on the workbench, grabbed a towel and wiped the hood.
Want to go for a ride?
In that thing? Could we? Is it legal?
Its got the plates and lights, yeah.
Sure. Now this could be fun. Maybe like Grand Theft Auto. A little. 
He pulled a pack of gum from his pocket, white and red. Beemans. I dont know where he got it, Id never seen that gum anywhere. I took it, unwrapped it, and we chewed gum together. It tasted wonderfullike licorice.
Every race day, the team would pass around the Beemans and we chewed it all day. Together, you know? Kind of a superstition. Nobody wouldnt chew Beemans, afraid theyd jinx the team. 
Right then I wished I could have been on that team. 
He opened a lockbox on the wall and fished out a set of keys. Got in the car and hit the starter. It groaned and stopped. He got back out. Well, this is embarrassing. The great Scooter Wilson and the batterys dead. He unclipped some hooks on the hood and raised it up, then found a neon box on wheels and attached two leads to the battery. Jumped in and fired it up. The car rumbled to life. Okay, thats an understatement. The earth shook. The engine loped, like it didnt want to run.
Is it okay?
Oh, yes. It just doesnt like running slow. Dont we all? He looked over the engine, then dropped the hood and latched it. Looked over the car, I guess to see if everything was okay.
Hop in.
I got in and shut the door. The engine loomed in front of us and shook like a race horse at the gate.
Put on your seat belt.
I reached back and couldnt find it.
Its a five point.
Five point. I looked at him, uncomprehending.
Watch. He flicked two belts from the top of the seat, two from the sides and one between his legs. Stacked the metal parts onto one another, slapped over a metal clip, and pulled them tight. I struggled to keep up. It worked like Ashleys car seat when she was a baby.
No, the other ones first. He pointed and I got it. He yanked my straps tight. Really tight. 
He snapped the throttle and the engine erupted. The entire car shook, like a dog held back from chasing a bone. Ive never felt such power and we hadnt even moved yet. The unburned gasolineor whatever it wasburned my eyes. He slipped the car into gear and we rolled. As we neared the house, Mom ran out, waving for us to stop.
Whatre you doing?
Going for a drive.
In this?
Yep.
Be careful
Gramps snicked the car in gear and took off before she finished her sentence. We rumbled to the highway and he checked each gauge. He turned right and accelerated, the car shoving me back in the seat. Whoa.
He laughed. Aint done nothing yet, son, got to get the engine and tires warmed up.
Perhaps I made a mistake and Mom was right.
We drove up a few streets, pretty fast, and then got on 49 for a couple of miles. Gramps was feeling it now. He took a couple of turns and we roared down Pitts School Road. The car heated up a lot. I wiped the sweat from my face and hung on as we rocketed through a turn. Gramps jammed on the brakes as we closed in on a car, then punched it and passed the guy. We flew through another turn, a left one that crushed me into the door, the five point keeping me smashed against the seat.
Gramps studied the gauges. Always liked left turns better.
I looked and he held the wheel lightly, a day in the country. I gripped the door handle on my side, my knuckles white. The g forces, whether turning left or right, accelerating or braking, were incredible. I could go from plastered back into the seat to smashed against either side of the seat, the five-point seat belt earning its money.
This is a 68 Camaro, but Ive done a lot of work on it, he said over the roar of the engine. Puts out around eight hundred horsepower.
It felt like more than enough for me.
We flew past cars, light poles and houses, a continuous stream.
Too bad the Speedways closed, he said. Without traffic we could really do some driving. We seemed to be doing quite some driving, you ask me. Lets get on the freeway and open her up. He spoke over the engine roar, but without any tension, a man at home in his car. 
He kept speeding toward the onramp. No way could we make that turn. We would smash right into the guardrail, looming over the hood. Surely he was just messing with me. I braced my feet. He jammed on the brakes and threw the wheel right, the car slid and he punched it, pulling the car out of the slide. We launched down the onramp, Gramps clicking it into a higher gear like caressing a woman. 
Theres a fine line between adrenaline rush and fear. The first half of the ride was fraught with terrorsliding through turns, accelerating like being propelled from a slingshot, and hard braking. However, by the time we hit the freeway Id crossed over to fun, mostly because I learned to trust Gramps. Then we rode fast and free, and I laughed out loud. He looked at me and giggled. We were both sixteen. 
We passed a couple of big rigs, then shot right and passed a car driving in the fast lane, and got into the lane. We shot ahead like someone had launched us out of a cannon.
This car loves to go fast.
Well, I think you do, too.
He glanced over and peered into my eyes. I sure do.
I watched his hands. They held the wheel lightly, a drive in the park, while the car screamed and pitched. Gramps looked totally at ease. The speed climbed. I couldnt read the speedometer, it sat recessed into the dash. How fast are we going?
He glanced down for a moment. One forty, forty five-climbing. Uh oh.
What?
Just passed a cop. He peered in the rearview mirror.
We gonna outrun him?
Gramps slowed the car. Nah. Cant outrun a radio. Theyd have a dozen cars, probably with the flat tire plates out. Ever watch a chase show on TV?
Yeah...
Ever occur to you that a helicopter was filming it? Tough to outrun a copter, too.
He pulled over and shut off the car, the engine clicking as the steel parts cooled. The cop ran up to the car. Whats the matter with you? Im going to arrest you and impound your ca he looked down at the license Gramps handed himMr. Wilson, sir.
Yes, sir.
I cant believe it. Scooter Wilson. I mean, Mr. Wilson. Sir.
Listen, officer, Im real sorry for that, I just took my oldest grandson for a drive and got carried away.
We have tracks for that, um, sir.
I know, but its closed on Thanksgiving and all. And this is the first time he took any interest in me and my cars. 
He smirked. Kids these days. Hopefully you can school him a bit. He handed him his license. Just slow it down. Please.
Yes, sir.
Um Mr. Wilson, sir, could I get your autograph?
Of course.
Gramps signed a couple of things for the guy. A hat, a shirt, and a piece of paper. The guy thanked him like Gramps did him a favor. Werent we going a hundred fifty or something? He waved us off and Gramps launched the car, not quite as fast as before, but not too easy, either.
We better get on home.
I suppose. Id have ridden with him to California that night, but I was also just glad we were not in jail. We eased up to the shop and Gramps backed the car in, right on the spot it sat before, and shut off the car.
Dont tell your folks about any of that, okay? Your mom worries.
I clicked the door shut. No. Course not.
He went over to the workbench and picked up the cigar. Held it up. You mind?
I got all night. 
He relit the stogie, took a big drag, and blew the smoke toward the ceiling. Thats the most fun Ive had since my... your grandma passed. I sure do miss her. He took another drag. What could I say? I chewed the gum, even though the taste had disappeared long ago through the first crazy turn. Surprised I hadnt swallowed it. Gramps smoked and told stories. 
He finished the cigar and put it out. We headed for the opening and he slid the door closed. Then, completely out of character, he put his arm around me. Next time well go to the track. Do some real driving. Maybe you could take the wheel a bit.
Uh, that would be awesome.
~
The first day of Christmas break. Could we go see Gramps?
My mother looked at me like Id grown two heads.
Um, sure. I need to do some Christmas shopping. I can drop you off.
Perfect. 
We knocked on his door and he answered, shocked to see both of us.
Come on in.
I, um, need to do some shopping. But Justin asked to see you.
He did? He peered at me. You did?
Yeah. Wow, did I feel stupid. We never stopped by to see Gramps, except holidays. Mom couldnt wait to leave, air kissed us and took off. We stood on his porch. 
You want to come in?
Actually, I was hoping we could go in the shop.
His wrinkled old face broke into a smile and lost thirty years. Awesome. He excused himself to get his coat, then came out, closing the door behind him. He started toward the garage, then stopped. I got a better idea.
What?
Lets go to the track.
The track. Mom would kill me. What about Mom? Shell come back here.
Text her. Tell her youll be at thewait. No. Just tell her Ill be dropping you off.
Good idea.
Shall we take the Camaro?
Absolutely.
Have a stick of gum.
~
We drove under the track and into the infield, a huge area, particularly with almost no cars or RVs anywhere. Gramps rolled toward the pits, the engine rumbling, heat waves coming through the floorboards. I unclamped my hand from the armrest. 
See those cars? He pointed. A few cars ran around the track. How fast you suppose theyre going?
Eighty?
Probably well past a hundred. Gramps stopped the car and people turned to see the Camaro with the engine sticking out of the hood. They pointed and covered their mouths with awe. I saw one point and could tell he said, Scooter Wilson. We walked to the crowd and soon Gramps was signing autographs. 
~
Sometimes you hit a fork in the road and dont even know it. I often wonder what would have happened if after a forgetful dinner, followed by a period of utter boredom, I hadnt asked to see Gramps shop one Thanksgiving. Two very different people came together, their ages six decades apart. Gramps gave my life an exciting turn as he ushered me into the NASCAR life, first sweeping garages, until finally becoming a crew chief decades later. We chewed a lot of Beemans gum and had no time for Grand Theft Auto. Called ourselves Scooter Wilson Racing, and I prayed every night Id live up to the name. 
I gave him another life, too, as he found something worth living for after losing his wife of forty plus years.
While Im a great crew chief, Im still unfit to tie his shoes. And I could never drive like him, even later in his life. Nevertheless, I wish he could see me now. Wish I could see him. 
Theres a Bible verse about how if a man waters someone else, he waters himself. Seems like we watered each other. Quite well. 

New Jersey
We visited New Jersey just days before Hurricane Sandy hit. In fact, we flew west for a wedding and left the bike in a motel parking lot, where it endured Sandys wrath. 
While touring Atlantic City, we walked to the end of The Pier, a mall consisting of trendy shops and stores, built on an old dock that juts out into the Atlantic. While I enjoyed the scenery, I noticed a dad stick his kid on the rail. It seemed pretty stupid to me. Am I paranoid, or just a writer who sees possible disasters? 
KIDS
John sat on the deck at the edge of Caesars The Pier and stared at the water, thinking. Thats why he came to Atlantic Cityto thinkand this seemed to be the perfect spot. The water, rough, crashed through the pilings below. People milled about, a kid with a basketball, a young couple that looked to be in love (or in heat, he couldnt really tell), and another couple with a little boy. The sight of the boy pained him.
Thats the reason Im here. 
John. He turned, in shock, to the familiar voice and stood when Monica approached. He hugged her. She kissed him fiercely. Im so glad to see you.
He stroked her hair. Im happy to see you, too. But how did you find me, in Atlantic City? His mind reeled. Shed called, just a few minutes ago, he assumed from home.
Holding his hand she sat on the bench. I called your brother. He said youd be staying at Caesars. So I drove here. And called you. And remember? You said you were at the end of The Pier.
I remember that part. But why did you come?
She stood and paced. You told me you needed time to think. Fine. She stopped in front of him, her hands on her hips. But what about me? I need an answer. Are we getting married or not? Crossed her arms. Im sick of Im not sure about being a father.
Well, Im not.
She sat and held his hand. Youd be a great father. And its getting late in the game. Youre thirty-eight, Im thirty-six; were running out of time. 
The dad put his kid on the railing, his legs under the pipe and his bottom on the top. Being a specialist in accident prevention, John didnt like what he saw. But because he saw and heard of so many accidents, he always looked for the possibles. All his life hed worked at risk management, and as a result he seemed to see danger everywhere. A bus stop, how innocuous? Yet a drunk, last year, slammed through one, killing four people and injuring six. A kid climbed a tree in a park, he remembered a story of another kid falling to the ground, a quadriplegic. A woman carried her kid from the store to her car, set the car seat on the roof, and loaded the groceries. That one really bothered him. He watched her until she set the child in the car, his memory fresh with a mom who left her kid up there, killing him. Why couldnt he just enjoy? Live in the moment? His past didnt help the marriage/risk situation either.
Monica, weve been over this before. Im a three-time loser.
I reject that. She counted on her fingers. Sandy, from the first marriage, was a psycho. You were twenty, a dumb kid. Easy mistake. Elise passed away, John. That hardly counts. 
That counts. You dont understand the pain. If I were to lose you, or God forbid, a child
She held up one finger. Only Karen could be considered a loss.
Loss. It was what he struggled to prevent. Carter Loss Prevention, LLC. The kid wiggled on the railing. Dad backed away.
Honey, it isnt just that. If I had kids with those women, those kids lives would be buried in loss. Missing dad because of his job, relationships that came and went, it would have been terrible.
The kid wiggled and laughed, his feet kicking over the ocean twenty feet below. Dad held his hand. 
Monica actually growled. But thats the past. Dont you see? Yes, all three put together would have made for a tough ride for a kid. But now, the business is running well enough that you can leave it like youre doing this week, and well be okay, wont we? What if it works? Why, for once, dont you look at how it could work instead of how it couldnt?
Im sorry. Its just that... Im wired for watching for loss, failure. Shoot, when I was a teenager, I spent the summer being a lifeguard. He glanced at the kid. And the business is all about watching for possible problems.
She jumped up and ran to the rail. John followed and put his arms around her from behind. Felt her sob. Youre crying.
Its just that
He saw past her, the kid fell forward and out of sight. He heard the splash. He just fell! John handed the camera and wallet to her.
Hold these. The dad stood there, looking over the side. John vaulted over the side and hurtled to the water. A lot more than twenty feet. He rotated and saw the kids head. The water felt like an electric shock as he sank beneath the waves. Tasted salt. Swam up. Looked and located the kid, between the pilings. The waves crashed against them.
If that kid hits a piling, hes done.
He swam with his head up, trying to keep him in sight. He disappeared under a wave. Closer. Saw his blond hair floating under the surface. Reached around his chest from the back. Lifted him. A wave sent them toward a piling, so he laid back and kicked off it. The kid was crying a good sign. In the trough he swam toward the edge. Two more pilings. Another wave pushed them between the next row of pilings. Keep his head out of the water. Another big wave, wait. It threw them toward the next group of pilings, but John timed it so the next trough allowed them to get out. He swam toward shore, only a hundred feet or so. On a hunch, he tried the bottom and his feet hit firm sand. The kid continued crying so he must have been breathing. A wave knocked them over and the kid went down underneath him. John kept his grip and struggled to get his feet under them. Stood. Turned to the waves. Watched for waves and walked backward. 
In a short time they got out of the water and he set the boy down, who sat in the sand and sobbed uncontrollably. John stood next to him, paralyzed. Without brothers or kids, he didnt know what to do. Hold him? Pat him on the shoulder?
He squatted in front of him. Whats your name?
T-T-Tyler.
Are you okay? Brilliant question.
He shook his head no. Snot ran out his nose and mixed with the water of the Atlantic.
Probably should hug him or something, but afraid hed be arrested as a child molester or something.
Can you walk?
He nodded and stood.
Lets find your mom and dad.
The boy took a deep, shuddering breath and acted like hed told him they were walking to the moon, but he struck out. Walking beside him, they both pushed through the fluffy white sand.
Whats your name?
Mr. Clark? John? Uh, call me John.
How old are you?
Thirty-eight.
Im four, almost five. 
John scanned the beach, looking for the parents. Surely they ran to the boardwalk to find their boy. No one looked like them. Nobody looked stricken, frightened. 
Im cold, he said. 
Nothing dry to give the boy. John removed his sweatshirt and wrung it out. Stuck it on him and wrapped the arms around him and tied them to keep them from dragging on the ground. That better?
He nodded. 
Lets find your folks. He directed the boy toward the promenade, probably a hundred more yards through the dry sand. 
My dad lets me run on that board thing up there. He pointed to the boardwalk, with people riding bikes and walking, ignorant of the near disaster, so close yet completely removed from their lives. He said were going to rent bikes, too. Maybe go out in a fishing boat or fish from The Pier. He continued prattling almost nonstop as they trudged through the sand, both weighted down with their wet clothes. As they walked over a sandy knoll, through the grasses, the boy chattered on.
I rode that ride over there, he pointed to the Ferris wheel. It was scary.
You just about drowned. That should be scarier. Those are pretty scary.
Could you hold my hand?
Uh, sure. John reached out, slid the sleeve of the sweatshirt up and took his hand. It felt small, cold, and damp.
Whered you learn to swim?
When I was nine my mother taught me. In a river.
He stopped and looked out to the water crashing under The Pier. Were you scared?
Back there? Yeah. Some. You?
The boy nodded and turned back. I bet my dad can teach me to swim.
He better if he cant keep a simple eye on you. Maybe he could.
If I could swim, then wed have been okay.
Maybe. Those waves could have smashed us into the pilings. Brilliant! Make him as paranoid as you, looking for the downside of everything. If you could swim, it would have helped a lot.
My clothes sure are wet. They stick to me. He pulled his shirt away from his stomach and it returned to a stuck position. 
Mine, too.
They got on the boardwalk as a police car raced up, lights flashing. Two cops got out and ran past them onto The Pier. John shook his head. A man and a boy, soaking wet... in street clothes... couldnt they put two and two together?
They followed them into the building just as Monica ran up to them and hugged John. Youre all right. She bent, hugged the boy, then held his shoulders, and looked him in the eyes. Are you okay?
He nodded. John saved me.
I know. What a great man, huh? 
Yep.
She held his hand. Lets go find your parents. She turned his shoulders and they headed onto The Pier.
Where are the parents?
Monica lowered her voice. When I left they were looking over the edge, like you would swim out and climb thirty feet of pilings and magically return their boy. She rolled her eyes. 
They walked the hundred yards or so and sure enough, at the deck stood Mom and Dad, wringing their hands. The two cops asked questions and wrote down their answers. 
John said, This is amazing.
The mother ran to the boy, hugging and kissing him. She turned her face to John. How can we ever thank you?
Its okay. I used to be a lifeguard. The father shook Johns hand, looking embarrassed. 
The cops took statements, the press showed up and interviewed everyone. People said thanks a dozen more times and asked to have their pictures taken with him and Tyler. The crowd drifted away until John and Monica stood alone on The Pier. John walked to the edge and looked over at the water roiling beneath them. 
Thats a long way down.
Monica put her arm around him. You are my hero, you know. Actually, everyones, today.
Thanks. You know, I dont do much of anything spontaneously.
I know, but you saved Tylers life.
Thats not what I meant. He knelt in front of her. I dont have a ring, but will you marry me?
Monica held her hand to her face. Oh, yes. Absolutely.
He stood and they kissed. For quite some time. They pulled away and Monica wiped away tears. She looked into Johns eyes. But can we have kids?
He nodded. Things happened really fast today. But walking back and holding Tylers hand, I got to thinking. I took a huge risk, jumping in like that. But what can you do? Yet it turned out well. Maybe I need to take more risks.
Next, I thought, I could possibly be a good dad. Maybe even a great dad. I sure could clear a lot higher bar than that clown. 
You sure could. I just know it. She hugged him and planted another kiss on him. And while youre Tylers hero today, youll always be mine. 
They turned to head back to the hotel. 
Watch your step, John pointed down. That one boards loose.
Monica jabbed him in the ribs. Very funny.
The End

Acknowledgments
The pit crew doesnt get the accolades of the racer, but is vital to the teams success. I appreciate my crew, including Miss Tazzie. You first helped me believe I could write. I appreciate you, Terry Burns (Hartline Literary, www.hartlineliterary.com), because more than anything else, you exude integrity. Thank you, Jami Carpenter (www.redpengirl.com); you make me look good without destroying my fragile ego. Susan Campbell, graphic artist extraordinaire, thanks for the fine cover art. Thanks to the Henderson Writers Group; you have aided and abetted in a big way, too. Myriad other people contributed to this work as well, and I respect you all.
A special thanks to my wife, Sherri, responsible for much of the inspiration, along with reading and critique. Thanks, honey, for riding along. Its been quite a ride.

About the Author
Kevin B Parsons has been published in numerous anthologies and magazines, including American Motorcyclist. Hes a member of the Henderson Writers Group and American Christian Fiction Writers. He has also been a member of Toastmasters International since 2006.
He blogs twice a week, posts on Author Culture (www.authorculture.blogspot.com) and Geezer Guys and Gals (www.geezerguysandgals.blogspot.com). Hes a contributing writer to Choices eMagazine. 
Kevin has owned numerous businesses in the construction, motorcycle, and real estate industries, in Nevada, California, Washington, Oregon, and Arizona. Hes ridden and raced motorcycles his entire life and won the Best in the Desert off-road championship in his class in 2003 and 2006. In May of 2013 he finished a 50 States in 50 Weeks Adventure.
If youd like to experience the 50 States Adventure, visit kevinbparsons.blogspot.com, find the archives button, and hit 50 States. Youll discover over 400 entries for every day of the Adventure, and almost four thousand photos, too.
He currently lives in Brian Head, Utah, with his patient wife, Sherri.
Be sure to check out Volume #3 
Kevin Parsons would love to hear from you! 
Friend him on Facebook: KevinBparsons
Visit his website: http://www.kevinbparsons.com
Subscribe to his blog: http:// www.kevinbparsons.blogspot.com

