
Angry Hands
L. Christina

Copyright 2013 L.Christina
Smashwords Edition


Contents
Map of Pangea
Prologue
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Endnotes
Other books by L. Christina

Map of Pangea http://PangeaLegends.com

Prologue
A bird flew over the outskirts of Sola large crow. He lazily surveyed the terrain below. The flat desert swept up into low hills. Juniper trees, pion pines, and scrub oak took the place of cactus and sage. An occasional cluster of manzanita hid among the large boulders. Gullies and dry riverbeds scarred the red sand floor.
The bird caught an upward draft and circled high. He looked for easy prey among the various grasses, a small mammal that might be inattentive or a half-eaten carcass that he could pinch. The flying scavenger eyed four mud huts squatting like turtles in the sun. Smoke came from the fire pit of one. Nothing there.
Farther out he spied an odd sight and glided over to investigate. Something half buried and barely moving in a dry riverbed. A vulnerable animal perhaps? No, just one of the two-legged animals that would chase him off if he got too close to their food. He flapped off.

The sun was high and the sand warm but not yet uncomfortably hot. Dethina had taken off her shift, folded it nicely beside her, and lay down in the sandy bottom of the dry riverbed. She smiled in pleasure as she picked up handfuls of sand and poured them over her body. Several piles of sand already covered her by the time he approached. He would be angry. Let him. She didnt care; the warm sand was such a rare pleasure for her.
Is that you, Deer Rider? she asked hopefully.
No, its me, Laiden answered curtly.
Shed known who it was. Her eyes were blind, but her senses identified his footsteps as surely as his eyes identified her. She wished it were Deer Rider.
Hes gone. Put your shift on. Ill take you home, Laiden continued. 
Laiden, Dethinas voice cajoled softly, take off your shirt and lie in the sand, just for a little while. She sighed. Its just now perfect.
Laiden clamped his jaw; yes, it was a wonderful feeling to lie in the warm sand. Hed done it before.
At his silence, Dethina sighed again, this time in resignation. She stood up. Patches of sand stuck to her body, and she began to dust them off. Laiden knew he should turn around, but he watched, mesmerized. His heart thumped, and his hand gripped his spear tightly. She had no idea how sensual she looked slowly running her hands down her body.
Laiden tried to bring himself under control. Hurry up. Jealousy of Deer Rider made his voice sharp. 
With graceful motionsshe always used graceful motionsshe bent down and, with unerring accuracy, picked up her shift and floated it over her head. Then she leaned over again and retrieved her tapping stick.
Im ready, she said.
Laiden turned, and Dethina followed his gravel-crunching steps out of the riverbed.

Chapter 1
Laiden hadnt intended to stay so long in the small village. Hed left his home in Sol and wandered for two annums, visiting the endless water, the dry desert, and the rolling hills that led to the Back Bone mountain range. He had followed the steep mountain trails all the way to the eternally cold land of Brumal before returning to the land of sun. 
It had been late in the afternoon when he heard the disturbance, the voice of a man yelling, Off. Off with you, and animals growling in return. Laiden hurried to the sight of the commotion and looked into the bottom of a dry riverbed. 
Backed against the gully wall, a determined hunter brandished his spear at two wolves. A partially skinned elk lay between them. Obviously, the smell of the fresh kill had lured the wolves, and the man, outnumbered but unwilling to give up his catch, was in a face-off with them. Laiden picked up a good-sized rock and hurled it toward the menacing animals. In wary surprise, they looked at him. Realizing they no longer had the upper hand, the wolves circled then reluctantly snarled away . 
The hunter looked up at Laiden. My friend, good timing. By the time Laiden sidestepped down the incline, the man had resumed dressing the elk carcass. I better get what I can before they return. He kept working but took a brief glance at Laidens sleeveless mans shirt. We dont get many visitors. You a Sun?
Laiden pulled out his knife and began helping the man. Yes, Ive been wandering.
Wed be honored to have you stay with us. Im Dieth by the way.
Im Laiden. Thanks, Id like to stop for a while.
The two men butchered what they could and left the rest for the wolves. They made two large packs and secured them with some excellent, high quality cord that Dieth produced. Laiden fingered the thick strand. There were no kinks in it, and it wound easily, not like the quick cord he made himself. Nice cord, he said offhandedly.
Dieth nodded. My daughter makes it, he said proudly.
The men shouldered the weighty burdens and started back to the village. Caris, my life bond, will want to thank you for chasing the wolves off. She makes tasty food. Youll enjoy it.
Laiden followed Dieth up and down the sandy gullies. Youd have trouble finding our village on your own, Dieth said. Were a small village, only four huts. The heavy loads and the rough terrain made conversation difficult. The men were quiet for a while as they hiked single file. When the path flattened out again, Dieth said, Only two more hills. The light would be fading soon. The men walked quickly. Dieth puffed a few breaths. I have a daughter, Dethina, named after me.
 Hm. Laiden grunted.
She cant see, Dieth continued.
Laiden made no comment but inwardly raised his eyebrows. Life must be difficult for her. She was probably a burden to the village.
The sun dropped past the horizon, and the animals of twilight emerged before Dieth said, Not much farther. The others will be watching for me.
Evening darkness dropped just as two men jogged out to unburden them. As the meat changed hands, Dieth introduced them as Bront and Treefrog. Bront was a giant of a man with a deep voice. Too bad he hadnt been at the hunt, Laiden thought. He could have carried the entire carcass by himself. Treefrog was a smaller, younger man.
Once in the village, Laiden could make out a line of four huts. In front of them, a ceremonial fire pit presided instead of the usual tribal lodge of larger villages. Someone had started a fire there, and the aroma of roasting venison soon joined that of aromatic cedar. Silhouettes of the villagers whooped and hooted as Dieth finished an embroidered story of the hunt. The happy conversation continued until sizzling pieces of meat were finally pulled off and passed around. After some brief objections about burning fingers the group grew quiet as they ate. 
Laiden noticed his host ignored the ancient traditions of the larger villages. In a well established village the evenings activities would have been ordered and formal. Here, there were no blessing herbs, no giving thanks, and certainly no official Wise One. Laiden shrugged. He missed the familiar customs; they defined boundaries, but apparently, they were too much trouble for this small group to maintain. 
Firelight reflected off the celebrants, and Laiden studied them as they laughed and chatted. There was Dieth, the hunter, and his life bond, Caris, as well as the blind daughter, Dethina. Of all the celebrants, the blind girl was silent and reserved, now and then tilting her head to catch snatches of conversation. Her movements were slow and deliberate, graceful. 
The big man, Bront, had bonded with Sodi, who had a personality to match his size, friendly and talkative; she spoke with an authoritative, strong voice. They were well suited to each other. Laiden marveled; they had found the perfect match for each other even in this remote outpost.
The third hut housed Treefrog, the small, handsome man who had come to help carry the haunches in. His family consisted of a small woman, nicknamed Birdsong for her frequent singing, and their twin sons, who were just starting to walk. To Laiden the two looked like one. It was rare for a woman to have a litter of more than one child and even rarer for them both to live. In such cases, Sol custom advised offering one newborn to the Water God thereby ensuring enough resources so that the other could survive.
Birdsongs parents, Mora and Orey, occupied the last hut. Oreys smile was missing a tooth, and he had more gray hair than black. But he was good natured and used a frail arm to clap Laiden on the shoulder. Lucky for Dieth you came by when you did. 
When the excitement died down, Dieth turned to Laiden. Youll stay in our hut?
Laiden shook his head. Ill sleep under the stars. He shook out his sleeping mat next to the dying fire.
The next morning Laiden sat on a log bench outside the hut of Dieth and Caris. He watched Dethina, the young blind woman, use a deer rib to scrape the elk skin that her father had brought in the night before. Her hands moved with short quick movements deftly removing the remaining bits of flesh. She was doing a thorough job he admitted grudgingly.
Caris handed Laiden a pottery cup of juniper tea and a spice-cooked cactus paddle. Thanks. He smiled. As Dieth had promised, his bonded made food tasty. 
Laiden looked around as he crunched the cactus paddle. The village was clean and well cared for. The mud huts looked solid. Behind the homes tools and supplies were stored in an orderly fashion. Caris had a neat pile of wood handy for her fire. A water jug rested nearby.
Would you like another? Caris interrupted his musings. She knelt in front of her fire ring. The flat rocks that circled the hot coals were stained from use. Using a pair of wooden tongs, she lifted the cooked paddles into a basket.
No, thanks, Laiden answered, suddenly alert. He noticed Dieth, Bront, and Treefrog stood together discussing something in low whispers and animated gestures. Now and then, he caught a furtive glance in his direction. His instincts usually served him well, and he wondered if he was in trouble. Some conclusion had been reached, and Laiden stood as the group approached him in a purposeful manner.
Laiden gulped down the tea. Im leaving, he offered.
No. Dieth said. We want you to stay. He nodded sideways. Young Treefrog here has never wandered. I wandered once, a long time ago. So did Bront. Dieth paused. Bront and I want to take Treefrog for a wander. Wed like to catch a forest wisent and bring it back here.
Laiden knew it was not uncommon for hunters to catch and hobble a live animal, blindfold it, and walk it back to their village under its own power. It saved men the backbreaking labor of packing it back themselves. Additionally, the animal was alive until it was needed for food. But it was much more difficult, and dangerous, to catch and hobble an animal rather than kill it. The three men were looking for excitement.
How long would you be gone? Laiden asked. He quickly calculated that in order to catch a forest wisent the men would have to travel three or four days up the Back Bone mountains until they came to the wisents territory, another three of four days to catch one, and maybe as many as five to return. 
The moon is smiling tonight. Well be back before it smiles again. None of us are anxious to be gone long, Dieth answered.
The turn of the moon would give Laiden time to think. During the last two annums he had been a welcome visitor in many villages. But he was tired of wandering. A turn of the moon would give him time to consider all the places he had stopped and were he would like to return to permanently. 
Weve wanted to go on this trip for a long time, but were reluctant to leave only one man behind. Laiden deduced Dieths real concerns enclosed in the tactful words. Orey, Birdsongs elderly father, would stay behind, but a younger mans strength might be needed in a crisis. 
The three men looked hopefully at Laiden. Bront handed him an intricately carved, ivory knife. I can trade this for your time.
Laiden hefted the piece and admired the design. Thats excellent quality, Bront, he said as he returned it. But I couldnt accept such a valuable item. Laiden turned to Dieth. But I will trade my time for some of your excellent cord, and Ill enjoy Cariss tasty food while youre gone. The village men gave a brief cheer at their good fortune, and then made hasty plans to leave.
After a morning of excited commotion and packing, the three men left the village and hiked up the path that led to the Back Bone mountains.

Chapter 2
Cariss small campfire made only a splash of light against the darkness of the desert. She worked at grinding the juniper berries that she used for tea and venison marinade. Dethina, the sightless girl, had finished cleaning the elk hide and now worked on softening it. Outside one of the other huts, Laiden could hear the soft conversation of Sodi and the elderly couple, Mora and Orey. Birdsong had already taken her two young sons to bed. 
Its so quiet without the men, said Caris. I hope theyre not gone too long.
Laiden hid a smile; the men just wanted a little adventure. Theyre three capable hunters; theyll be back in no time.
Dethina stopped scraping for a moment. I wonder if theyve seen any wisent yet. 
Probably not, Laiden answered. Theyll have to hike a couple more days before theyre high enough to find any.
Caris packed her berries away, and then filled a bowl with grass seeds and water to soak overnight. I think my days done. She stood. Laiden, will you be comfortable for the night?
Yes, Im going to unroll my sleeping mat here by the fire.
Good night. Caris ducked into her hut followed by Dethina.
Laiden pillowed his hands behind his head and looked at the stars while he considered his future. It hadnt been a huge sacrifice to agree to stay while the three village men wandered. He had been to the bottom of Sol, both sides, and had worked his way past the top and deep into the mountains. He was tired of wandering, but where to settle? For now, he put the question out of his mind and allowed his thoughts to drift in a different direction. He needed to make more spearheads. He must ask Orey, the old man, where he could find some sharprock for making the weapon.

Laiden just finished rolling his sleeping mat when Caris and Dethina emerged from their hut. After brief greetings, Dethina asked her mother, Should I get water?
Yes. Were low, Caris answered as she began preparing some morning food.
The young blind woman easily located the pottery jug used for water before turning toward Laiden. Would you like me to show you where we get water?
Laiden raised an eyebrow. He could see for himself the line of greenest trees in the distance and knew they grew at the source of water. Besides, the girl couldnt possibly make a hike that far by herself. Laiden kicked himself; he was probably expected to babysit this girl while the men where away. Sure.
Dethina cocked her head at the muttered response. 
Ill carry the jug, Laiden offered as he took it from her hands. She picked up what she called her tapping stick and started out in front of him, tapping the ground in front of her as she walked. Laiden followed behind, single file. He felt a perverse desire to see the girl stumble and be forced to ask for help. Instead her progress baffled him. They had walked a good distance toward the trees, and her steps had been sure and flawless on the familiar trail. They were approaching a fork in the path, and Laiden wondered if she would falter. Her stick struck an identifying rock at the side of the path, and she stopped. The stream is closer from this path, she said, pointing left. Then she turned right. But I go this way; its farther, but the footing is easier for me. She tapped the rock again to position herself, and then continued on.
Incredulous, Laiden finally asked, You come this way by yourself?
Yes.
How can you? he blurted tactlessly.
For a village to survive, everyone has to carry their share, she reminded him.
Laiden conceded that this was true. A village couldnt feed itself if it was full of slackers.
Dethina continued. I wasnt always blind. Soon after I learned to walk, I got sick and lost my eyesight. Do you know what happens to sick babies? The stick tapped back and forth in front of her.
Yes, he answered.
She continued as if he hadnt. Theyre left in the middle of the stream for the Water God rather than let the God of Sickness take them. Against my mothers wishes, I was left in the stream, but I crawled out on my own. She claimed the Water God didnt want me yet. The village gave me a second chance, but only if I could do my share of work.
By now, they had reached the shade of the trees fed by a trickle of water dribbling from the layered rocks. Three body lengths from the headwater a dam had been built, making a small pond before the water escaped downstream. Dethina splashed her stick in the water to check its level. This is our only source of water in the dry season. If we didnt have it, we wouldnt be able to live here. She pointed downstream. There are three more ponds that also collect water.
Laiden dipped the jug in the water; it was a good weight when full, and he was forced to admit a reluctant respect for the girl. They started on the return trip. 
Theres not much water now, but see all the gullies and dry riverbeds? She waved an arm at the dry expanse. When it rains, they fill with water faster than a deer can run. You must be very careful and stay on high ground if it rains. She paused for Laiden to respond, but he remained silent. Ohshe made a self-deprecating laughI guess you already know that. It must rain everywhere. I dont know much about other places. How long have you been wandering?
Two annums, was his curt response. 
Dethina sighed inwardly. He was unfriendly, ignoring all her attempts to make conversation. Too bad. She felt disappointed. They had so few visitors it would have been nice to have someone different to talk with for a while. 
By the time they returned, tempting smells were wafting from the direction of Cariss cook pit. Thank you, Laiden. Please put it here by the door. Its easier for Dethina if things are kept orderly. Laiden set the jug where Caris indicated. Sit down. I have some morning food prepared. The grass seeds that had soaked overnight were on a hot rock cooking into a mush. Caris spooned a portion onto a wooden plate for him. Again, the meal was tasty. Dieth would be missing his bondeds cooking.
Laiden stood. Thanks, Caris. You make excellent food.
Thank you for saying so. Do you have plans for today? she asked.
Nothing that cant wait. Is there something youd like me to do?
Were low on cactus paddles. It would be nice to have more; I would go myself, but I want to finish drying the elk meat. If youre over that way, would you bring some back?
Sure, wheres the best place to find them? he asked as he retrieved his spear.
In the lower desert. At the bottom of the hills in the sun-rising direction.
As Laiden spoke with Caris, Dethina quietly picked up the elk skin and began scraping again. His conscious nagged him; he had been rude to the girl when shed try to converse. She would be nothing but a burden to him, but with an unhappy sigh, he asked, Dethina, would you like to join me?
The girl opened her mouth, but before she could decline, Caris said, Thats a great idea; the best patch is hidden. Dethina knows where it is and can help you find it.
Dethina entered the hut and then emerged with two leather bags that had long shoulder straps, a leather glove, and a water satchel. Then with polite reserve, she announced she was ready. 
Lead on, Laiden mocked.
Tap, tap, tap. She led the way until they reached another rock that was a landmark for her. I dont go beyond this rock unless Im with someone else. She pointed. We have to climb up and down the gullies; theres not much of a trail. If you walk slow enough, Ill be able to hear your footsteps and follow behind.
A plain, marred by several dry riverbeds, stretched between them and the three hills that descended onto the desert floor. She was right about the trail. The path disappeared after it entered the first riverbed and probably washed away every time it rained.
Laiden set his mouth in a grim line; he shouldnt have invited her. Now hed have to spend time navigating an easy walk for the girl rather than forge a quick trail by himself. He scanned the area for the easiest access to the other side of the floodplain. He started off, and Dethina followed. She struggled; he could hear her frantic tapping, and she momentarily stopped, surprised, when he inadvertently let a bush branch snap back and hit her. 
As they crossed the sandy bottom of the dry riverbeds, Laiden studied the animal tracks left behind by recent visitors. Easily visible were plenty of rabbit, coyote, and deer prints. And a herd of three or four peccaries came this way often.
When they reached the hills on the far side of the plain, Laiden easily discovered a trail that hadnt been washed away. Over time, the path had been worn smooth and wide. Dethina seemed familiar with the route and had little trouble following him. As the hands of time passed, Laiden grew more resentful of the girl. For some unaccountable reason, he wanted her to complain, but she remained stoically silent. He increased his speed.
Laiden stopped at the top of the third hill and looked at the desert spread before him. There was nothing but flat for as far as he could see. Breathing hard, Dethina caught up to him. Her arms glistened from sweat, and the hair around her face was matted, dark, and wet.
Maybe we can stop and rest for a while, she suggested. Laiden didnt answer. She pulled out her water, took a drink, and then awkwardly held it out. Would you like some?
 I have my own.
Still breathing hard she asked, Can you see the paddle cactus?
No.
Theres a wide wash that runs along the bottom of this hill. It turns right, into the desert, travels some more, then turns left. Thats where theyre most numerous. 
Following her description, Laiden scanned the land that fanned out in front of them. I see them now, he said, and without waiting, headed off. Dethina followed at a smart pace, cursing the evil-tempered man in front of her. 
Here at the edge of the desert, plants and animals were still numerous. But farther out the land became a barren, waterless, sand pit; a dangerous place for humans. Laiden carefully observed his surroundings paying particular interest to the flora as the plants in the area adapted to less water. When they arrived at the paddle cactus Dethina handed Laiden the long leather glove. Gratefully, he accepted the protective wear. The thorns looked wicked. After using his spear to lop the paddles off, Laiden was able to lift the thorny cactus pieces into the bags. The thick leather prevented the cactus spikes from poking through and he filled the bags quickly.
Whatever demon possessed the man on the way out had lost its influence on the return trip. He was silent but his pace slowed and Dethina was able to match his homeward steps with little effort.

Caris was pleased with the paddles. She used a stone to break off the large thorns then rubbed the paddles in a basket of sand to remove the small thistle-sized needles. Using a piece of sharprock she cut some of the paddles into strips and spread them on her cooking rocks to dry.
Laiden removed the sharprock point from his spear and repositioned it. It was getting small from being resharpened over and over. He needed more sharprock for another spearhead and wondered where he could find some. He was about to ask Caris when Dethina spoke up. I sure hope that man doesnt stay with us much longer.
Dethina! her mother said in shocked reproach. She looked at Laiden. We beg your pardon.
Laiden shrugged. Its all right. She had no way of knowing Im still here, he said dismissively.
Caris winced. Dethina most certainly was aware of his presence. She had deliberately meant to insult him. And she would take the last comment as a challenge. But before Caris could head off a heated exchange, Dethina jumped up. Thats where youre wrong. I knew you were here. Ill tell you what else I know. Dethina lifted her chin. You were restless last night before you fell asleep, she said triumphantly. 
Laiden guffawed a mocking sniff.
Dethina bristled. Youre this tall. She held her hand at his exact height.
Phuh. Laiden made a derisive noise.
Dethina shifted side to side as she tilted her head and listened to her senses. This morning when you took the water jug  from me, and again when you took the cactus glove, you used your wrong hand. Either you have injured your right side or you were born using your wrong hand. To verify her claim, she grabbed his right arm.
Laiden had been unprepared for her lightning quick grasp, even more surprised when her fingers deftly found the scar on his forearm. He made a halfhearted effort to pull away, but Dethina held firm. Her fingers traced the scar up and down several times as she examined it. To his surprise the hair on his neck rose, and his body gave an involuntary shudder of pleasure; the soft strokes were as potent as a strong blow.
Barely touching him, Dethinas hands slowly slid down to his fingers, palms, and wrist. The hold felt more like a lovers caress then an investigation, and he froze; his body weakened as it was invaded by some strange foreign warmth. Somewhere in his distance, he heard her say, Your fingers have no calluses from using a bow, so you must use a spear.
She gently brushed her hands up his arms, and the air emptied from his chest. Your arms are strong, she said while molding his biceps. 
She stepped behind him then kneaded his neck and back. Laiden groaned silently as his neck gave way and his head fell forward. Your bones dont stick out. Youve been well fed lately.
Laiden nearly begged her to continue, but she circled to the front, and her magic hands dappled up his chest and neck to leisurely roam his face. 
Youre very handsome, she finished softly.
Shaking and unsteady, Laiden was stunned at the power of her touch. He took some forced breaths of air to recover himself.
Dethina returned to the log bench. It was some moments before she spoke again. Im sorry I was rude. We are honored to have you stay with us.
Laiden made a final swallow. Im the one who needs to apologize. I have misjudged you, and your skills. He used an unsteady hand to brush the hair away from his face. Everything you said is correctespecially the handsome part.
Dethina smiled. Truce.
Caris breathed a sigh of relief. These two might get along after all. She picked up a deep basket. Im going to the upper meadow to gather grass seeds, she said. There was silence as she left, but before she was out of earshot, their congenial voices drifted up to her. Caris had to admit she was pleased Dethina had a newcomer to talk to. They got so few visitors. And if the young man could charm her even if for a short while.... But he would leave; there was not a chance he would stay. And then what?
The warming season brought out the small animals that scurried along the ground looking for seeds left by the wind. The air buzzed with the life of birds and insects. Tiny buds at the end of each pine limb promised an abundant pion crop later in the season. But Caris didnt notice any of these things today; her mind was preoccupied with thoughts of Dethina. She wondered for the many-ith time; had she done the right thing? 
The truth had been fogged.
As a young woman in a far village, Caris had known Dieth but dismissed him as a childish goof. Her love was for the masculine Ulto. But a hunting accident had taken his life, and she had fallen into dark mourning. She had spent her days sulking over the loss of her beloved, vowing she could never be happy again. She had submerged herself in a morass of self-pity.
The following season the jolly young hunter Dieth had bid on her. Ugh. Caris detested the silly boy, but in an act of suffering self-sacrifice, she had agreed. Undeterred by her withdrawn behavior, he had treated her with loving courtesy. His natural thoughtfulness, gentle embrace, and respect for her opinions surprised her. Unexpectedly, she found herself eager for the affection of her bonded. And, by the time shed delivered a child, she was deeply in love with him. The joyful, healthy girl child brought fountains of pleasure to her parents life and bound them even closer. 
But tragedy struck. With the swiftness of the wind, their daughter had become sick, and her eyesight was gone. As was custom, the village Wise One suggested that the baby be given to the Water God. Horrified, theyd fledfollowing Bront and Sodi into exile. 
Caris made up a story that Dethina had crawled out of the pond by herself to silence the curiosity of any inquisitive traveler who might question her existence. Most mountain people would be too intimidated to question a gods decision.	
When Caris reached the last rise before she would lose sight of the huts, she turned around. Laiden had seated himself comfortably next to Dethina, and they were fully engaged in conversation.
What happened to your arm? Dethina asked.
I was scouting with some mountain hunters when a deer came in view. The youngest member of their group got excited and shot wildly. His arrow skimmed my arm. 
 Dethina nodded. A poor shot.
Yes. I was lucky; it could have been worse.
Dethina reached for his arm and lightly rubbed the fresh wound.
Its healing properly?
I think so. Its much better than it was. Laiden froze; he liked the feel of her touch. Maybe if he sat still she would continue the soft strokes. 

By the time Caris returned with the grass seeds, Laiden was telling Dethina wandering stories.
The endless water goes on and on forever. Some men have taken their skiffs and traveled for many days. But when they return, all that they report seeing is more water. Laiden told Dethina. The Sea God is constantly trying to climb onto land. Over and over, his hands of water reach out of the sea, but when they grasp the shore, they cant hold on and his body runs back into the ocean. Sometimes hes angry and fights fearsomely to get out. Other times, hes exhausted from the fight and merely looks at the shore.
Do any people live near the shore?
Oh yes. Many villages survive along the coast. The sea provides lots of food.
How many days walk to the endless water?
Laiden rubbed his chin. From here, Im not sure what the most direct route would be. Half a moon maybe.
Is that where youll wander to next?
Ive already been to the coast, he said thoughtfully. Youd have to like fish to be happy there. They eat a lot of it. Have you ever tried fish? I havent seen any in your ponds.
Dethina shook her head. No. Ive heard of it, but never had any. It would have be be brought in by a trader.
Laiden chuckled, Dont worry. Youre not missing anything. I dont really care for it.
For some unaccountable reason that seemed to make Dethina happy and she smiled.

After the ladies had retired to their hut for the night, Caris noticed that Dethina was unusually quiet until she finally asked, Mother, do you think hell stay?
Cariss heart ached for her daughter. Hes been wandering. Most likely hell continue his journey once the men return, she responded honestly.
After some moments, Dethina agreed. Yes, she said softly. And through the darkness, Caris heard the sadness in her voice.
Dethina lay still in the fur blankets. She heard Laiden breaking sticks for the fire. Unconsciously, she could tell from the high-pitched snap that the sticks were small, little more than twigs. They would produce a small firenot a big one meant for warmth but a talking fire to sit around for entertainment or to pass the time at night. She wished she were still talking to him. She was sorry that she had come inside when her mother had.
If she were honest, she would admit something unexpected, almost alarming, had happened earlier. She had intended to embarrass and humble the arrogant man. Instead as soon as she touched him her anger fled. A desire to examine him overwhelmed her; she wanted to explore his hands, face, and body. With every stroke of her fingers, she became more curious. She had been pleased for the excuse to touch him. Andshe couldnt be surehad he enjoyed it? He had remained still, without objection, as her fingers skimmed over him. 
She was breathing quickly. The fur blankets suddenly seemed so warm.

Chapter 3
When Dethina woke the next morning, she remained quiet on her sleeping mat and relived the previous day. Shed had a wonderful time with the newcomer. Hed brought the outside land alive for her. Hed made smell the salty endless water, and feel the cold of Brumal. She could visualize far off places and taste foods that shes never heard of before.
And she liked the timbre of his voice. She took some slow sad breathes. He would be leaving soon. Like the migrating birds, his stay was only temporary. 
Once outside the hut, Dethina sensed his absence.
Is he gone? she asked her mother.
No. His sleeping mat is still here. 
Dethina felt relieved. She resolved to squeeze every happy memory out of his stay.

Laiden returned from his early morning wandering. Good morning, he said as he drew near. He noticed the expression of pleasure on Dethinas face. Not a coy come hither look, but a sincere smile. His own lips responded in an unconscious grin.
I have something to show you He trailed offshow was a poor word choice. I, uh
Dethina eased the awkwardness quickly. I understand what you mean. Thats just an expression. Show me what you have, she said eagerly as she held out a hand.
After weve eaten, he teased. I see Caris has made a morning meal, and Im hungry.
When the meal was over, Caris said, Sodi and I are going to the upper meadow. Do you want to come, Dethina? 
Ill stay and work on the elk skin. Im almost finished, she answered.
When Caris had gone, Dethina turned to Laiden. What do you have?
Laiden produced a feather longer than his hand. He waved a few strokes, fanning the air in front of her face. See if you can guess. He ran the soft feather vane up her neck and over her chin. He wanted to produce in Dethina the same sensation that she had conjured in him.
Her head rolled in unconscious pleasure from side to side as he lightly tickled her face with the fragile plume. Laiden smiled in satisfaction at her uninhibited response. He pulled the feather back. I had to climb a tree for this, he said flirtatiously.
I take it you didnt fall. Then it was good practice for you, she retorted.
He laughed. I risk life and limb, and thats all the thanks I get. Spirits.
No. In return, Ill take you to a secret place.
Really. Now? He stuck the feather behind her ear.
Although she couldnt see, she directed her face toward the sun, gauging its warmth. No. Not yet. 
So Laiden told Dethina about the playful otters that lived on the banks of the mountain rivers. She laughed as he described their silly antics until she said, Its time.
They traveled silently. Dethina seemed in a reverent mood. Tapping her stick, she walked with secure confidence. Eventually, they came to a dry riverbed that joined from a different direction then the other gullies. The sand that had washed down was different, fine and white.
My father doesnt like me to come here, she admitted. They worked their way down to the bottom of the ravine. Lie down, Dethina instructed.
Huh?
Lie down. This is special sand. Its soft and feels good.
Laiden felt silly but did as she directed.
Take your shirt off, she continued. You can take your shorts off too if you want. Laiden removed his shirt.
I can see why your father would object to your coming here and lying in the sand. It could be very dangerous if it rains at a higher elevation and the water rushes down.
Well be careful, she said absently. Laiden started to relax. Well, the warm earth did feel good as it conformed to his body. Pick up some sand and sprinkle it over your body, Dethina suggested. Laiden obeyed. He closed his eyes. Yes, that did feel good. Hmm. He was so relaxed. Tension and energy vanished, and Laidens body felt as limp as wilted flowers. He lay in the sand for two hands of the sun then reluctantly forced himself up. The sand was getting hot, and he didnt want to risk getting burned.
He looked around for Dethina and was shocked to see her lying in the sand, her shift folded carefully next to her and her tapping stick across the top! With nothing but a thin layer of sand covering her body, Laiden now understood why her father didnt like her to come here.
Dethina, we should go. The sand is getting hot, and we dont want to get burned. He was surprised he could even speak.
Okay. Slowly she stood, and the sand slipped from her body like a blanket.
Laiden swallowed hard. The falling sand revealed a youthful figure of sensuous female proportions. He watched as she rolled her head and shoulders before she leaned over and picked up her shift. A surge of uncontrolled reactions took over his body. Spirits! His sweating hands held this mans shirt  while his chest gasped in large amounts of air. A light-headedness descended over him.
That is so pleasant, she said innocently as she tapped her way up the embankment.
Laiden stumbled after her. Yes, he strangled out. His mind was unable to think of anything to say. But Dethina didnt seem to notice, absorbed in her own state of contentment. Laiden accompanied her back to the hut. You, uh, you work on that elk skin. He berated himself for sounding flustered. His pride and self-confidence had been completely shaken. He needed some time alone to regain his composure. He thought desperately for a reason to leave. I might explore the area a little bit. Ill be back before the evening meal. He hurried off before Dethina could respond. 
Laiden crossed the gullies and dry riverbeds to climb the sun-rising hill. When hed gone far enough, he found a boulder to sit on. Unable to appreciate the view, he looked absently into the distance. Spirits. The glimpse hed seen of her body had ignited a fire in him that wanted to burn out of control. He would never look at her the same. And while he had been rattled to the bone, Dethina had obviously felt nothing but the usual relaxing pleasure of the sand. If he wasnt careful, he would be acting like a besotted fool. He let out a great sigh. It was going to test his inner strength to behave in a normal fashion while in her company.

Chapter 4
The aroma of elk steak filled the air by the time Laiden returned. Good, it would be easier to distract himself while Caris was present. She had thin strips of the venison laid out on her cooking stone absorbing heat from the fire. When the meat was brown, she picked up a stick of pine, speared a piece, and then expertly rolled it around the skewer before handing it to him. I wonder how the men are doing, she remarked. 
They should be in the wisent territory by now, Laiden responded. A dribble of juice ran down his stick. The meat was tasty; Caris had marinated the slices before cooking them. The ends had been singed crispy, but the inside was still tender and juicy. Dethina unrolled  and ate the meat bite by bite. She chewed slowly. As he watched, he was pleased he could observe her undetected.
After the meal, Caris fussed with her seeds until she said, Dethina, Im tired after todays long hike. Im going to my sleeping mat now. Good night, dear. Good night, Laiden. Ill see you in the morning. Then she slipped into the hut.
Laiden was dreading an awkward silence, but Dethina causally asked, Did you discover anything this afternoon?
A little. I scouted a few tracks that look promising, he fogged the truth.
I thought of you the whole time that I was working on the elk skin, she admitted. Maybe you could tell me some more wandering stories.
Yes. Let me think of one. What was she doing to him? The admission that she had thought of him all afternoon stirred his body up all over again. He let out a breath. Spirits. I went as far as Brumal.
Its far?
Yes. Many moons walk.
Did you like it?
Not really. The food is strange, and its bone-chilling cold. But the people were nice. They dont get many visitors, so I was quite a novelty. He threw a few sticks on the fire that Caris had left smoldering. The animals are different. The deer are larger, with beautifully shaped antlers. Their bears are larger toothree times the size of ours. I didnt see any live bears, but I saw skins hanging on the walls of the tribal lodge. Theyre meaner and fiercer too.
Dethina listened quietly, tilting her head now and then.
Laiden continued. Theyre known to be man-eaters.
How scary.
Yes. Their claws can be as long as your fingers.
Dethina stroked the length of her fingers while she absorbed this information.
Its so cold there you can never go in the water. Laiden continued colorful stories until they both yawned.
Dethina rose and picked up her tapping stick. Good night, Laiden. Ill miss your stories when youre gone.
I hope theyre not going to have nightmares, he said with a laugh.
Not while youre out here protecting us. 

Chapter 5
Long before the sun rose above the mountains, an essence of a glow hinted its arrival. Laiden was glad for an excuse to rise. He had not slept well. And he didnt want Dethina to guess the reason. He would hunt eggs before the others rose. It seemed a useful item that there was never enough of. Quietly, he found the egg basket and set off. He passed the water ponds and started up the incline toward the juniper trees. 
The sun seemed to move fastest in the morning, as if it were anxious to get the day started, and it was over the mountain before Laiden realized he had been gone so long. He was pleased that his mornings effort had replenished the egg basket. He retraced his steps toward the hut and caught sight of Dethina hauling the water jug. Dethina, wait, he called as he approached. Lets trade, he said as he took the heavier burden in exchange for the egg basket.
Recognizing the feel of the egg basket handle, Dethina took the basket and gauged its weight. Its never weighed so much. Mother will be thrilled. She began tapping her way back to the hut.
Ive been thinking, Laiden said. I should be doing some hunting. 
Can you hunt with your injured arm?
Yes. But I need some more spear points. Where do your men get the sharprock for weapon making?
Dethina frowned. I dont know. I think its a hard days walk. Usually, two men are gone overnight when they get it. They bring back a heavy load, enough to share for a long time.
Laiden considered this. If the village kept a supply of rock, perhaps Orey, the elderly man who had stayed behind, could tell him where it was kept. Thanks. Ill ask Orey.
Yes, he can help you with that better than I can, she agreed as they reached the hut.
As Dethina predicted, Caris was pleased about the egg basket. Oo. So many eggs! Ill cook some with bee nectar. She picked up her wood tongs. But now, sit down. I have some cactus paddles waiting for you. 

Chapter 6
The elderly man, Orey, welcomed Laidens visit. Come, lets share a mint chew, he said as he produced some soft leaves from the fresh smelling plant. It grows down by the bottom pond, and my daughter, Birdsong, picks it for me. Orey handed Laiden several limp pieces and stuck one in his mouth to chew. How do you like the village? 
Its very nice here. Laiden chewed the mint softly, letting the flavor ease out. I noticed some peccary tracks in the riverbed yesterday. I thought I might hunt one for the village.
Orey put another leaf in his mouth. That herds regular. They go to the low desert at night to eat paddle cactus, then come up here to drink water from our pond. Theyre well fed and grow big. He held up a finger. You be careful. They attack hunters. 
Laiden rolled the mint leaf around his tongue; he could smell its flavor. Thanks. Ill keep that in mind. But before I go, I need to make more spearheads. Do you know where I can find some sharprock?
Yes, we keep a stockpile. Although, come to think of it, no ones made a sharprock run in a long time. Well, lets go out back and see what weve got. Orey rose painfully to a stooped position. Getting the kinks out, he rasped. As Laiden followed Oreys wobbly steps, it struck him that the elderly man was really too old to be Birdsongs father. Laiden shruggednone of his business. 
They approached a disappointingly small remnant pile of sharprock. Here we are. Orey poked around in the pile. Yeah, its getting thin, but therere still some good pieces here. He pulled a couple of small chunks from the scattered fragments.
Laiden looked at the pile in dismay. The rock pieces were barely large enough to knap small arrowheads. It would take a hand-sized slab to make the spearhead he had in mind. Thanks, Orey. He didnt want to sound ungrateful. Ill come back when I figure out just what I need.
Sure, now you know where it is. Just help yourself.
Laiden decided to recheck his supplies. Then he would poke around in Dieths baskets. There might be spearheads or extra rock in one of them.
Dethina was twisting sword leaves into cord when Laiden arrived at her hut. Did you find what you needed? she asked.
He stopped a body length from her. How did you know it was me? 
She stopped turning the leaves and faced him. I recognize your stride. Everyones is different.
How is mine different?
She tilted her head in thought. Purposeful. Strong. Confident.
Laidens definition of a man was bold, solid, and honest. He was pleased at Dethinas description of his footfall. He moved closer and picked up the coil she was working on. He could make rope when required; though lumpy and uneven, it would serve its purpose. But this was a work of art. The spiral weaving was flawless and symmetrical, every twist exactly like the next. 
Laiden felt a humbling lump in his throat. He had misjudged this young woman in so many ways. She had skills and talents that he couldnt begin to compete with. This cord is beautiful, Dethina. Ive never seen work so perfect.
Dethina smiled self-consciously as she resumed her twisting. Thank you, Im glad you like it. Its for you. Before he left, Father asked me to make you a length. 
Laiden continued to examine the finished end. Ill never be able to use it. Id be afraid of wearing it out.
Dont be silly. You can think of me every time you use it.
Ill think of you more often than every time I use the cord.

Chapter 7
Using Oreys information, Laiden scouted a spot at the lowest pond where the peccary made regular visits. He blocked most of the access to the water by rolling large stones around the shore of the pond and leaving only a narrow pathway. To get to the water, the peccaries  would be forced to squeeze through the tiny opening, and this is where he planned to set his snare.
Laiden arrived before the darkness was solid. He carefully laid the snare before climbing a tree directly over the gap in his rock barrier. Waiting was uncomfortable. The cramped position made his legs tingle, and the rough bark dug into his skin. But he waited patiently. He occupied his mind with the beauty of the stars. 
It was many hands of time before four peccaries arrived snuffling around for water. Laiden waited quietly. The wary animals snorted suspiciously before reluctantly passing one at a time through the small opening and crossing over the loop of cord. Laiden waited. Annums of experience prevented his reflexes from pulling the cord too soon. The first two peccaries skittered uneasily through the rock funnel. The third, seeing no danger, started lazily over the loop. Laiden pulled the noose with lightning speed, lassoing the careless creature. The cord swung wildly as the airborne peccary struggled to free itself. Below, the others chattered their tusks in a threatening panic before racing off.
Delighted at the game, the women of the village shared the animal among themselves. Laiden gave credit to Dethinas cord for his success, and she modestly smiled at the attention.

After rubbing the cord with bees wax, Laiden wound it in a lose coil and stowed it in his pack. It was fine quality, and he was proud to own it. The thought came to him that he might give something to Dethina. But what? A new pot? Leather? No. He reflected on his visits to other villages. Women seemed partial to soft things and ornamental pieces like ear dangles and necklaces. They usually required shell, bone, or ivory beads. Maybe a hair ornament of feathers andLaiden scanned the landscape, wondering what material he could use for a hair ornament.
Eventually, he decided on pinecones. There were plenty about, and he had no trouble finding just what he needed. He removed some scales, and using a sharprock fragment, he carefully drilled holes in the narrow ends. He gathered three fluffy feathers, and using a thread of sinew, he tied the scales and feathers together at different lengths and secured them to a twist of bone. He held it up satisfied as the objects swung artistically from the bone hook.

Chapter 8
For the morning meal, Caris served a cooked cereal of ground seeds mixed with egg. As usual, the meal was delicious. Laiden was relieved that she only prepared meat for the later meal. Without the sharprock to make spearheads, he was unable to kill the larger animals that would feed the whole village. He began to worry about his ability to provide enough game until the other men returned.
The men should be returning soon, shouldnt they? asked Caris. 
They could. Enough time has passed, Laiden agreed.
Do you think theyll have a wisent?
He nodded. Very likely. 
Laiden decided to catch some small game. He returned to the sharprock pile that Orey had shown him and collected a few finger-sized pieces. The edges were razor sharp; at least these would be useful in his task at making snares. The small animals he caught would likely attract larger predators. Without a new spear point, Laiden didnt want to bring any attention to the village, so he hiked a good distance away before he found a suitable place to set his traps. Many hands of time had passed, and a wisp of cloud passed between the earth and sun as he returned to the village.
Dethina was twisting cord. Laiden watched her until she spoke. I know its you, but I cant see what youre thinking.
No one can. He laughed as he sat on the bench next to her. The log was smooth and shiny with wear. She must have sat here for large amounts of time working. But Ill tell you what Im thinking. I think youre very industrious, always working.
Dethina made a mock pout. And here Id hoped you were shocked silent by my beauty.
How close shed come to the truth. Do you have time to walk for a while?
With a smile, Dethina put her cording aside. There had been a charming hesitancy in his request, as if he were afraid she might say no.
She rose with her tapping stick. Where would you like to walk? 
Nowhere in particular.
The stick tapped leisurely in front of Dethina as they strolled side by side. A passing cloud shaded the ground.
Where will you wander after you leave us? Dethina asked.
I dont know. I should have been thinking about that. But my stay has been so pleasant, it slipped my mind. An eagle flew over, and Laiden idly wondered if there was a nest nearby. Eagle feathers made good trade. Your father said the village doesnt get many visitors. What about traveling merchants? Do they stop by?
Rarely. Were so small that they dont bother coming this far out of their way. If we want something that we cant make ourselves, one of the men will hike out to the Back Bone trail and wait for a merchant there. Dethina changed the subject. Hows your arm?
Laiden laughed. Almost better. See. He put her hand on his arm. Brushing up and down, she stroked the sight of the injury, her fingers lightly inspecting the healing wound. 
The scar is so thin, she marveled.
As soon as it happened, I tied it and held it to stop the bleeding. Ive been lucky. Since it dried, I havent banged the scab open. 
In an amiable silence, they continued walking along the familiar path, avoiding divots and rocks until Laiden said, Dethina, I thought you might like to have this. He put a mystery item in her hand.
Feathers. She brushed them across her face. On a string. 
Its supposed to be a hair ornament.
Dethina tilted her head. A what?
A hair ornament.
Oh. She leaned the tapping stick against her leg and inspected the piece, trying to ascertain its purpose. Where did it come from?
I made it. Laiden took it from her and twisted the hook into her hair. Its a hair ornament, he said a little awkwardly. He could tell by her expression that she was still mystified. The women in the higher mountains wear them. Theyre supposed to be pretty.
Is this She patted her head. It feels pretty. I love it. 
Dethina felt the tapping stick removed from its perch at her side, and then Laidens hand touched her elbow and slid down her arm until he was holding her hand. Gently he guided her along the top of the dry riverbanks. The first day that I was here you told me that you werent born blind.
Yes. Thats true.
Do you remember what anything looks like? Any colors?
No. I guess I was too young to realize what was happening, and how important it would be to remember as much as possible. I do remember
Yes?
It sounds like Im complaining.
Laiden squeezed her hand. Tell me anyway.
I remember wanting to run. Mother wouldnt let me. She made me sit all the time. Dethina made a small laugh. Of course, now I understand. She was probably worried about me falling.
They arrived at the top of Dethinas favorite riverbed. What a shame the day is so cold or we could lie in the sand.
Absently, Laiden nodded in agreement. Yes.
In unspoken agreement, they made their way to the bottom of the gully. Despite the cold, Dethina sat down, lay back, and then shivered. Its much too cold to enjoy, she said wistfully. She froze in place. Laiden was leaning over her, very close. She could feel his breath.
What if I kissed you? he asked, his voice sounded husky.
That might be nice, she answered in a hopeful whisper.
He closed the distance between them. She lay still and let his lips play along her face. Her eyes. Her lips. Her cheeks and hair. She understood touch. His was needy, as desperate as her own would be, but she lay still and enjoyed his giving. Her sighs of pleasure reignited the fire in him. 
Laiden ignored the first dawning awareness that the crashing noise in his head was not his heart beating but in fact distant thunder. Then suddenly the power of reality set in and he rolled to his side.
Dethina! Quick, get up! Its raining in the mountains.
Just a little more.
No. The water may come at any moment. He listened uneasily for the sound of rushing water.
But I didnt get to kiss you, she objected as he pulled her up.
Some other time, he said as he scrambled for the side, dragging a reluctant Dethina with him.
They reached the top of the gully, and a light rain started. Wed better get back to the hut. Caris might worry. Dethina nodded glumly. The magic had passed. 
By the time the couple reached the hut, they were wet through. Caris urged them into the interior, and then lowered the leather flap door. Laiden, when the rain started, I brought your bedroll inside to stay dry. If the rain keeps up, you might prefer to sleep indoors tonight.
Thanks, Caris.
The rain came down harder. While Laiden hopped outside to find some dry wood in the bottom of the woodpile, Caris started juniper tea and Dethina rummaged around for dried venison and pion nuts.

Chapter 9
The sun rose over Sol revealing a clean, swept landscape. Surface dust had been washed from the terrain, leaving brighter colors, darker soil, and greener leaves. Tiny orbs of water remained on the end of pine needles reflecting miniature suns. Laiden was struck by the beauty he frequently took for granted and felt a powerful sorrow that Dethina was unable to share the sights. Ill fill the water jug, he offered as he picked it up and started on the errand.
Dethina wondered if Laiden was anxious to be away from her. After they had returned yesterday, he had remained in the hut with Caris and herself. But he had been very quiet. She wondered if he was regretting the kiss. But it had been so wonderful, so incredibly exciting and pleasurable, so totally consuming, that her mind had gone blank to everything else, even the danger of water coming down the wash. 
She wished more than usual that she could see, maybe get a clue to what Laiden was thinking. She sat down in her usual place on the log bench and started rolling sword leaves into cord. The familiar monotony was therapeutic. She heard Laiden returning with the water before she smelled it. Mint. That meant that Laiden had gone to the closer pool to get water. Thats where the aromatic plant grew.
His steps crossed in front of her, and she heard him lower the jug. Then his deep voice said, Orey told me that mint grows at the lowest pond. Caris, I thought you might like some for cooking, so I pulled up a handful.
Thanks, Ill make some mint tea to go with our early meal. She took the bundle and began softly grinding some of the leaves into a bowl. She filled the bowl with water and put it next to the fire.
As Dethina continued twisting sword leaves, the smell of mint suddenly became powerful. Someone had crushed a leaf and was waving it in front of her face. Lightning quick, she reached out and grabbed the teasing hand. Laiden laughed. I brought a sprig for you, too. I thought you might enjoy the fragrance. 
I do. I love it. Thanks.
He put the sprout behind her ear.
Dethina reached up to touch it. She rubbed one of the leaves between her fingers then inhaled the fresh aroma. Her senses became acutely aware as she listened for his every movement. But instead of Laiden, she heard something else. Father. Dethina stood and faced the path that led from the mountains. Caris and Laiden stood also.
Ill go check, said Laiden. And he ran off toward the path.

Chapter 10
The men had returned. Jubilantly, they herded a captured wisent between them. Hobbled and blindfolded, the animal, docile at the moment, obediently allowed itself to be led. 
The hunters were welcomed with a flurry of hugs, exclamations, and excited questions. Dieth had one arm around his bonded, Caris, and the other around Dethina. Treefrog was embracing his family in a group hug, and Bront was swinging Sodi around as if she weighed no more than a small child. Several voices could be heard at the same time as stories were told by a combination of the three men, each interrupting the others.
They had tracked the beast for two days before Bront had been able to use his bola to tangle its legs. Even then, it had put up an energetic fight against the rope bonds. The fact that it had tired itself struggling was the only reason they had been able to hobble it safely.
Laiden regarded the impressive animal as the men anchored it between two pine trees. It still had a leather blanket secured over its head. The animal was as tall as Laiden,  and had a massive head and shoulders. Laiden suspected if it hadnt been confused by its missing vision, it would be a powerful adversary.
The women began cooking. Tonight they would light the central fire pit and feast in celebration of the mens safe return. Pottery bowls clattered, food stores were combed for tasty treats, and they discussed what each should bring.
Still on an edgy emotional high, the men spent the day checking and rechecking the wisent and discussing its future. During a lull in the activity, Laiden found Treefrog sitting outside his hut bouncing one small son on each knee. Squealing with delight, the toddlers held fast as their fathers legs moved up and down faster and faster. Nearly falling off at the motion, Treefrog grabbed them each in a hug. Thats enough wisent riding for today, he said, kissing their fat cheeks. 
Treefrog set the boys down and watched fondly as they began playing with a pile of pinecones. They bring purpose to my life, he said proudly. Laiden, thanks for staying while we went on our adventure. I would not have gone if you hadnt been here.
 Ive enjoyed my stay, Laiden admitted. Treefrog stood up, and they wandered toward the trophy animal for another look. Treefrog, I need some sharprock for spear points. I asked Orey where I might find some, but he said the nearest source was a two-day trip.
Treefrog nodded. I need some, too. The stock we keep is running low. Someone has to make the trip and bring back another supply.
They stopped to watch the wisent. Although standing peacefully, Laiden was struck again by the strength the shaggy animal must possess. Ill get the sharprock if someone can give me directions, he volunteered.
Treefrog studied the animal. Why dont we both go? We can bring back twice as much. He turned to Laiden. But I dont want to leave tomorrow. I just got back from a trip. If you can wait till the day following, Ill go with you.
I can wait till then, Laiden agreed.
In the distance, Laiden could see that Dieth sat on the log bench between Caris and his daughter. The three sat very close together; Dieth had his arms around the women. Although Laiden would like to visit with Dethina, he was reluctant to intrude on the family. Reasonably, he realized he couldnt resent Dieth monopolizing Dethina; hed been gone most of a moon. 
Feeling a little envious of the familys affections, Laiden decided he would check the snares. On his return, he stopped at the wisent again. The animal snorted and swung its head. The trees shook, and loose pinecones fell, startling the wisent. It pulled uneasily on the ropes. Now that it had regained its strength, Laiden had some misgivings about the villagers ability to keep the beast subdued and tethered. He stepped back. He must tell Dethina to be wary of the animal. 

Chapter 11
The evenings celebratory mood was similar to the first night Laiden had arrived. A great blaze had been set in the ceremonial fire pit. Dishes of food were passed around. The first bowl had a colorful mix of white yucca petals and mint leaves. The next bowl contained venison jerky soaked in juniper sauce. A plate of ground and roasted seed cakes followed. Laiden lost track, but took small portions from each bowl as it passed by. 
Earlier the men had collected a pile of pinecones. And while they related the wisent capture again, they took turns throwing the cones into the fire. Showers of sparks shot into the night as the flames reached the pinesap. Laiden studied Dethina across the fire. Firelight variegated her face as she looked blankly toward the flames. Hed watched her as the bowls passed; she had taken them as gracefully as if she could see, eating small bits of food as easily as the others .

The food was finished, and Sodi brought out a jug of purple cactus tea. She held it high before passing it around. For the wisent God, she saluted cheerfully. The jug sloshed through passing hands, and some of the contents splashed out among laughter.
Despite the revelry, Sodi noticed two figures who seemed oblivious to the festive atmosphere. Dethina was looking downcast and forlorn, while on the other side of the fire, Laiden kept mooning in her direction. Sodi carried a soft spot for Dethina. There had been a lonely element in the girls life. In addition to being blind, the girl had grown up without any other children. Never having had the experience of playing, Dethina seemed to have stepped straight from toddlerhood into an innocent sort of adulthood. But the young woman had accepted her lifes challenges without complaint. She was generous with her time. From cords to baskets, her busy hands had contributed many useful items to the village. Sodi made small talk with her for a while, and then said, You seem distracted tonight.
Dethina paused before confiding, I think Im in love with Deer Rider. 
Sodi surmised Deer Rider must be a pet name for Laiden. She eyed him surreptitiously as he stood alone at the edge of the fire. Flames danced up and cast shadows over his brooding face.
I wish I knew how he felt about me.
Be patient, Sodi said thoughtfully. Perhaps hes sat on the deer so long its difficult to get off.
Bront started singing. It was a painful noise, and the others groaned good-naturedly before joining the sentimental ballad.

Laiden  hadnt planned that kiss. Well, not consciously. But in the back of his mind, the desire had been there. It just seemed like the right thing to do at the moment. He was anxious to talk to Dethina alone. Hed decided to stay in the village if she would have him. He would request a Tribal Circle and bid on her.
The mountain villages of Back Bone followed the custom of bidding for women. Many generations ago, men stole woman in tribal raids. From Sol to Brumal, while the men were fighting, they captured women against their will. As the fighting increased, so did the gods displeasure. 
It happened the season the gods had given fine weather and heavy crops. The easy living gave the men more free time on their hands and more time to war against each other. Almost every man was killed or injured. The gods were furious and sent a great sickness through what was left of the villages. The women made the remaining men promise the gods that there would be no more fighting. Men would ask the women to join them. 
So bidding began. A man wanting to bond with a woman should bid gifts to her at a Tribal Circle. She was free to accept or refuse. 
As the celebration ended and the villagers went to their huts, Laiden made a plan for seeing Dethina alone. Ill sleep under the stars, he told Dieth. And he removed his bedroll from the hut where hed slept the night before. 

Chapter 12
When Laiden was sure the village was asleep, he picked up the water jug and emptied the contents. Now someone, Dethina, he hoped, would be obliged to go for water first thing in the morning, and he would be waiting for her. He rose early. First, he ran to the lower pond, picked a sprig of mint, and returned, where he left it on the bench for Dethina to find. Then he went to the upper pond where he hoped Dethina would soon arrive with the empty water jug. He felt somewhat guilty that she would have to make the extra trip for water, but consoled himself with the thought that he would carry the jug back after they had spoken.
Even though Laiden was an experienced hunter and practiced in the art of patience, his anxious wait seemed unreasonably long. Finally she appeared; using her tapping stick, she gracefully navigated the familiar path. He watched in admiration as she filled the water jug. Dethina. It was almost a whisper. She faced him with a gasp and held the jug firmly in front of herself as if for protection.
You were gone this morning. She said the first thing that came to her mind.
He silently surveyed her. The simple sincerity of her words and the bereft tone she used encouraged him. Ive been waiting for you here, he said. There was a sprig of mint in her hair, and Laiden reached out and took it. Mmm. Mint. 
Her head tilted. I thought youd left it.
I did. Im glad you found it. He tucked it back behind her ear then let his fingers trail down her neck. She turned her head in that unconscious way of enjoyment that made his heart beat faster. Her arms had tightened around the water jug. He stepped closer. Dethina, are you afraid of me? 
No. Im afraid of myself.
Laiden gently took the water jug and tapping stick from her. He set them to the side where she could find them easily. Maybe if we stand close together, well feel safe. He pulled her into a warm embrace and put his face to her hair. The smell of mint. This was the time to ask. Dethina
Shh. Let me see you again, she demanded as her fingers skimmed over his face. Quickly they explored and descended to his neck and shoulders. Her lips began to examine his collarbone until the tip of her tongue touched the hollow of his throat.
Spirits. What are you doing to me? He pulled her face up to his and began his own exploring kisses. Laiden gripped her in a life-bracing hug. He needed her. Dethina, he tried again. He was going to tell her something, but he forgot what. Words were so difficult; maybe his embracing arms would convey how much he loved her.
 Dethina! At the sharp rebuke, they snapped apart. Dieth glared at Laiden as he addressed his daughter. Dethina, your mother is waiting for that water.
With a stricken look on her face, Dethina reached down and fumbled for the tapping stick and water jug. She hurriedly sloshed away and left the two men facing each other. Dieth scowled. I took you in as a guest. Dethina is a gentle girl, innocent and naive by your standards.
I plan to stay if she will have me. I was just asking her if she would accept my bid.
Thats not what it looked like, Dieth bit out. But curiosity vexed him, and he asked, What did she say?
We were interrupted.
Dieth looked at Laiden warily. Have you thought this through? 
Laiden ignored the implied question, referring to her blindness, and answered the question of when instead. Yes. Tomorrow Treefrog and I are going for sharprock. When we return, I will request a Tribal Circle and bid on Dethina. After we are bound, I intend to have a hut of our own.
Mmm. Dieth nodded reluctantly. It might work.

Chapter 13
For the first part of their journey, Laiden and Treefrog were able to move quickly up and down the low-lying Back Bone mountains. But the last bit required them to climb steep, gravel cliffs. The footing was tricky, and they had to use any foothold or handhold they could find. Several times, Laiden grabbed a bush and prayed it would hold his weight. He contemplated the return trip when they would be carrying heavy packs of sharprock. It would be many times more difficult. He mentioned this to Treefrog. We dont carry it, Treefrog said. We bundle the rock in tight balls and roll it down. Dont worry. Youll see. 
The air turned cold and clouds gathered. By the time the men reached the sharprock, they were winded and happy to take a rest. Looking back over the steep terrain they had just climbed, Laiden noted the big cumulus clouds were ominously darker. Looks like rain, he said. 
Treefrog shrugged. Normal for here. Nothing to worry about.
After gathering a good-sized pile of sharprock, Treefrog divided the pile in two and showed Laiden how to tightly bundle the hand-sized flakes into a tight ball. Each ball was a good weight, as much as a small child. These will roll down the steep slope by themselves, Treefrog explained. When we get to the bottom, we pick them up and carry them the rest of the way.
The clouds became thick, and darkness fell early. Fortunately, Treefrog knew of a rock outcrop where they could spend the night and stay dry. They squashed into the back wall as the rain started. For several hands of time, the rain was peaceful and the men tried to sleep. But somewhere in the night the lightning started. Thunderbolts of angry fire exploded down to earth. They were joined by a pummeling rain. Water poured off the overhang.
Its raining awful hard, Laiden commented.
Treefrog nodded as he looked through the waterfall. I suppose. I hope it stops so we can return home tomorrow.
Laiden felt uneasy. Id feel better if we were with the others.
Treefrog looked at him. Are you afraid?
No. Not for myself. But all this water will be running down to the village.
Treefrog shrugged. Theyll be okay. The huts are on high ground, and they wont go out.
Treefrogs dismissive attitude didnt ease Laidens anxiety. But the wicked thunderous roars of lightning and falling water made further speech difficult, so Laiden kept his thoughts to himself. The men eventually slept and discovered the next morning that thankfully the storm had tired itself out.
Just as Treefrog had planned, the heavy rock balls rolled easily down the steep hillside. They didnt always stop where intended, but it was still easier to push them rather than pack them down. Once the men reached the bottom, they would have to carry the heavy bundles the rest of the way.
Laiden usually enjoyed hiking; he wouldnt have wandered all over Back Bone if he hadnt. The clean air had the fresh smell of just being washed, and the damp earth kept the temperatures down. Small foraging animals scuttled across the ground taking advantage of newly blown seeds. Laiden wished he could enjoy the day, but small thorns of anxiety kept pricking him.
Just over the next hill and well be able to see the village, Treefrog finally said.
They topped the rise, and the village was visible in the distance. Four huts and the central fire pit. But no people, no smoke, and Laiden noted with fear, no wisent. The men had stopped as they looked into the distance.
Laiden shaded his eyes. Where is everyone? he asked uneasily.
I dont know, Treefrog answered, his voice quavering a bit.
Laiden started to remove his pack. Lets leave the stone here. Then we can jog home faster.
Good idea. We can come back tomorrow, Treefrog agreed as he lowered his own pack to the ground. They began a quick sprint, each anxious for loved ones. As they neared, the village looked even bleaker up close. No voices, no projects startedthe village looked deserted.
Neither man had to explain to the other his movements on reaching the village. Treefrog went to his own hut, and Laiden went to Dieths. In the dim interior, he took a quick inventory. He saw her immediately. Dethina. She lay curled like a child among her disheveled blankets.
At hearing her name, Dethina sat up. She began a hysterical wail. Laiden. Laiden.
He went to her and put his hands on her shoulders. Dethina, whats happened? Where is everybody?
She choked out some garbled words.
Slow down, Laiden demanded. Where are your parents?
I dont know, she moaned.
Laiden gave her a small shake. Dethina, they might need help. Tell me what happened.
Stop shaking me, she wailed. She mumbled a sentence. A storm came. Birdsong called for my parents to go outside, and I havent seen them since.
Spirits. Laidens terrible foreboding intensified. Dethina fell into fretful tears again. All right, he said. Stay here. Im going to see if I can find them.
No. No. Dont leave me, she begged as she grabbed for him.
He gave her hands a quick squeeze of reassurance. Your parents might need help. Ill be back as soon as I can. He hoped that was allthat they needed help and not worse. 
Okay, she moaned.
He disengaged her clutching hands, kissed her on the forehead, and left the hut as Dethina continued her anguished tears.
Laiden met a grim-looking Treefrog outside the hut. Is any of your family here? he asked.
No, but I found the footprints of Mora, Orey, and the boys. They lead this way. Im going to follow them. 
The grip of fear strengthened its hold on Laiden. The trail led toward the plains and the dry riverbeds that filled with rushing water when it stormed. With all the rain in the mountains last night, the gullies would have been overflowing. 
Treefrog looked over his shoulder. Is Dethina here? What did she say?
Shes hysterical. I couldnt get anything coherent out of her.
The prints were easily read in the wet gravel. They hadnt been washed away. That meant that the two elderly and two toddlers had come out after the rain had stopped. That was the only good sign since their bleak return.
Laiden scanned the land between themselves and the mountains. There they are. 
But Treefrog had already seen them and had began running. He reached the group where he fell to his knees and gave his sons a possessive hug. Thank the spirits, he gasped as he rocked them.
Treefrog, Laiden. Thank the gods, youre back, croaked Orey. The elderly couple looked ready to collapse. Mora clearly had been crying, and Orey looked gray and skeletal.
Whats happened? Laiden asked. Where are the others?
Orey spoke exasperatingly slow. Bront and Sodi have an adult daughter in another village. Right after you left, a runner arrived with the news that shed been bitten by a fang snake. They went to take care of her.
What happened to Dieth and Caris?
Im not sure. Orey shook his head in confusion.
Well, start at the beginning and tell us what you do know. By now Treefrog was listening also.
It was the thunder and lightning. The crashing was terrible. The noise scared the wisent. We could hear it bellowing in fear. He buried his face in his hands. Birdsong said she was going to check on it. I wanted to go with her, but she told me to help Mora with the boys and that she would get Dieth and Caris to help. We havent seen any of them since. We came out this morning to look for them.
Laiden felt a mournful chill at the likely scenario. The wisent had escaped, and then Birdsong, Dieth, and Caris would have tried to recapture it. If they followed it onto the plains, they would have been swept away when the water arrived from the higher elevation. It was unlikely any of them were alive.
Mora used her skirt to wipe her eyes, and Orey hung his head. Im such a useless old man.
Laiden put a comforting hand on the old mans shoulder. No. Youre important. We need you. Take the boys back to the hut until Treefrog and I return. And please check on Dethina.
As Laiden turned to go, Orey stayed him with a weak grasp. I saw vultures. He had tears in his eyes. I tried to make it to them, but my old legs just couldnt get me there. 
Laiden put his hand over Oreys. It might have been the wisent they were after.

Chapter 14
Dethina melted back into the furs. She was afraid. Her parents would never have abandoned her for so long unless they were unable to return. Somehow they must have been taken to the spirit world. Her body racked with sobs. She hoped they had gone together. But she was alone and scared. Even Sodi was gone. And now Laiden had been so abrupt. She hadnt forgotten that her mother said he would continue wandering soon. 
Weak and exhausted from crying, she had no more tears. Nothing. Nothing but a slow heartbeat and shallow breath. She decided she would fly up and join her parents. She willed her spirit to leave her body, but it stubbornly remained. No, it wouldnt be that easy. She would have to go to the pond and give herself to the Water God. The last tears drained from her as she fell into an exhausted sleep.

Laiden and Treefrog found the body of Birdsong last, after they had buried Caris and Dieth. Laiden was sorry that Treefrog had joined him on the search; the man was understandably angry and inconsolable. Treefrog raised his fists to the sky and cursed the gods. Laiden let him relieve himself, but finally said, Treefrog, calm yourself. You must be strong for your sons.
Treefrog had laughed hysterically. Calm myself! Calm myself! he mocked. He turned on Laiden, his voice rising higher and higher. Do you know whats waiting for me back at the village? My two boys, Birdsongs elderly parents, and one blind girl. How am I supposed to care for them all by myself?
Sodi will help when she returns.
And what if she doesnt? Treefrog demanded incredulously.
Laiden ignored the question. We can have a Tribal Circle and I will bid on Dethina.
Treefrog looked at him with wide eyes. Are you serious? You dont need to bid. If you want her, take her.
She might not want me, Laiden said reasonably.
She doesnt have a choice, Treefrog spat. If she doesnt want you, she can go to the Water God. 
Laiden gave his friend a reproachful look. He would overlook the callous words. In addition to the grief of losing Birdsong, Treefrog felt a terrible burden for the surviving villagers. But Laiden himself would not insult Sun custom and the gods by ignoring the promise of his ancestors. He would still honor the custom of bidding.
They were almost back to the huts. Laiden let the matter go for now. Time enough for the Tribal Circle when Sodi and Bront returned. He was sure they would return. I know Mora and Orey are at a weak time in life, but I think they might find some inner strength. Lets see if they can pull up.
Treefrog didnt answer, so Laiden turned his thoughts to Dethina. She would want time to grieve the loss of her parents. But she would also be worried about her own future. He was sure Dethina would accept his bid, but this was a poor time to offer for her .

Chapter 15
The stars came out; tonight the cold points of light did not comfort Laiden as he watched them cross the sky from his sleeping mat. He had returned to find Dethina limp and uncaring. She was probably in shock, worn out from crying. She had hardly responded when he gently told her that he and Treefrog had buried her parents. I know, was all shed said. He would like to have put his arms around her, but she had erected a personal barrier. Perhaps she misunderstood his intentions; he would give her space, the time she needed to mourn. The first set of stars had disappeared before he could relax enough to sleep.
The next morning Laiden managed to cajole Dethina outside. We should probably start with tea, he said as he rummaged around in Cariss foodstuff supplies. Dethina sat motionless and silent. Would you like to talk? Laiden asked gently. No answer. He would have understood crying or hysterics but the sullen quiet confused him. 
The tea and food had been ignored. Let me comb your hair, he suggested. The braid she usually wore had fallen out, and her hair had become a confused snarl. With a comb in hand, Laiden stood behind her and wondered where to begin. He picked up a knot and started the clumsy effort of detangling it. Dethina put a hand to her head. Ow, that hurts. Why do you have such angry hands? she snapped.
Laiden stepped back. Ill try to be softer, he pacified.

Chapter 16
With her parents gone, Dethina resigned herself to her fate. When Laiden left, she would submit to the Water God without the humiliation of being forced. But she wanted one thing first. She wanted to lie in the riverbed one more time. To be embraced by the comforting arms of the sand and the waterfall of the sunshines warmth. Then she would go, without complaint, to the pond. But she would wait till the sun was just right; she deserved that.
For two days Dethina did little more than sit on the bench outside the hut. To almost every question or request Laiden made, her response was, Im waiting. Waiting? Waiting for what? She wouldnt say. Laiden wondered if enough time had passed to bring up the subject of their life together. He sat next to her and picked up her hand . Dethina, we should make plans for the future. 
She saw it coming. He was going to tell her that she would have to go to the Water God. Im waiting. Please, give me just a little more time, she pleaded.
Laiden took a steadying breath. She wanted time. Maybe she didnt want him after all. Okay, he said quietly. Maybe hed been rushing her. Maybe this unemotional lethargy was her way of mourning. He just hadnt wanted her to worry. He would wait until she was ready. Okay, he said again.

Chapter 17
Whatever happened to the wisent remained a mystery. Laiden never found any tracks or evidence of the beast after its escape. He thought the animal probably returned to the mountains it had come from. He looked in that direction and was surprised to see someone approaching, a traveling merchant, because the figure was pulling a sled.
It was customary for village men to run out and assist pulling the heavy sleds as soon as the merchants were in the vicinity. So Laiden said to Dethina, A merchants coming. Im going to help pull his sled in. Ill be right back. She made no comment.
Laiden ran along the row of huts and yelled to Treefrog as he passed, A merchants coming. He reached the traveler and was disappointed to discover that he knew the man. Laiden had met the merchant during his wanderings. The man, Ferf, although a great storyteller, had a weak reputation with the truth. Hello, Ferf, he said, trying to hide his disappointment.
Oh, you. It was clear Ferf was no more excited than Laiden that their paths had crossed again. Ferf gladly relinquished the pulling rope of the sled, and Laiden took over. 
What brings you this far? Laiden asked. He was surprised to see any merchant, especially this one, so far off the regular trail. Ferf shrugged noncommittally.
By the time Laiden pulled the sled to the huts, Treefrog and his family had emerged to see the unusual sight. Gather round. Gather round, said Ferf. As soon as I rest and have a bite to eat, Ill open my bundle. He looked slyly at Treefrog. I have something your wife will be particularly interested in. The responding chilling silence and stony expressions told him he had just made an awkward blunder. He looked cautiously around. I beg your pardon. Something is amiss that Im not aware of.
Laiden answered, A recent tragedy has taken several village members. He didnt elaborate further.
Ferf pursed his lips. Time to be diplomatic, and honesty might be the best course now,  so he said, I was traveling homeward when I met your village friends Bront and Sodi. They had some excellent cord but were unable to trade it. They told me about the girl and suggested that I might make trade here. But if its a bad time... As an afterthought, he added, I dont think they were aware of any recent tragedy.
Reluctantly, Laiden admitted that Dethina had twisted the cord. Im not sure if she has any interest in trading though.
Ferf reverted back to cunning trader. I have some fur boots, he said. Forget the food and rest,  he started to dig in his bundle. Sodi thought the blind girl would love to have them. One small lie.
Laiden could see that Treefrog had lost interest in the trader. And Laiden himself wanted nothing to do with the man. But Dethina? Maybe she would like the boots. Maybe in a small way they would distract her from the pain she was in. Follow me. He led the way to the farthest hut.

Ferf  had a gift for talking with women. When he saw Dethina, he sat beside her on the log, and instead of discussing boots and trading, he spoke of Sodi and Bront. As the girl warmed up to him, he related more and more embellished stories.
When Ferf felt the time was right, he brought up the subject that had brought him here. Sodi thought I might make trade here, he said. I have some beautiful soft boots I would be willing to trade for cord. 
No. Dethina shook her head. Im not working.
Undeterred, Ferf retrieved the boots. He removed Dethinas leather slippers and gently worked her foot into the boot. He smiled to himself, a perfect fit. He had acquired the boots from a Berry Picker who had traded in Brumal for them. But they had been too small for his bonded, and Ferf had made an excellent trade in acquiring them. Feel how soft they are. How warm. Here. He took her hand. Feel here. See they have fur trim. And tassels.
Dethina reluctantly felt the outside. There had never been a pair of boots like this in the village before. As if reading her mind, Ferf said, They were made in Brumal, from the finest, softest fur. You wont find anything like it here in Sol.
Dethina had to admit it was true. They were made of the softest fur she had ever felt. Soft, warm, comforting. What she needed now. 
Yes, she did want the boots. Dethina decided they would keep her feet warm while she waited in the pond for the Water God to come. She would wear the new boots as she entered the spirit world. 
After considering, she said, I would like the boots. I think I have some pottery I could trade.
Ferf frowned. Pottery was heavy and common; he wouldnt get much in trade for it. The cord would be light, and he could demand a good price for the excellent workmanship. I already have enough pottery. The trade would have to be for cord.
She looked disappointed. She knew her father had used all the cord in securing the wisent. We have none left, she said.
Cant you make more? Ferf asked.
Dethina stood up and tapped her way to the back of the hut were supplies were kept. She easily found the basket that held the dry sword leaves she used. The basket was only half full. 
How much cord do you need in trade? she asked.
Enough to go from here to the farthest hut.
Laiden had been silent, but now he objected. Thats a lot.
Ferf held his hands out and shrugged as if he had no control over the matter. The boots took many days for a Brumal to make them. The materials are the finest, and the skill is from an experienced worker.
I dont have enough sword leaves, Dethina said sadly.
Where do you get them? Ferf wanted that cord.
Dethina didnt answer.	
Laiden spoke. I saw sword plants the day we went to the desert floor to get paddles. 
Yes, Dethina admitted. She knew where they grew but was reluctant to ask Laiden to make the long trip. 
Ill get them, Laiden volunteered. Ill leave now. I can travel there and back in good time. In the larger villages, traders often stayed two or three days to trade and rest. Laiden figured Ferf would stay that many as long as Dethina was working on his cord.
Dethina made another request. Laiden, I need the dry leaves not the green ones, okay?
I understand, he said.

It was the time of day between the sun and the stars when Laiden finally returned. A peaceful time when the Wind God usually takes a break and the animals become active. Dethina and Ferf sat on the log together. Dethina was smiling at something Ferf had said. Laiden felt a cut of jealousy. He had been unable to bring her out of her melancholy. But Ferf, the ground crawler, was able to make her happy with his endless blather.
The cord that Dethina had finished lay wound up in a coil. Laiden looked at it. Although beautifully worked, it was only twice his height. It needed to be much longer to trade for the boots. He wanted to insert himself into the conversation, so he picked a leaf out of the bag and handed it to Dethina. Hows this? he asked.
She took a few moments to examine the dry leaf. Perfect. She smiled, seemingly in a happy mood. They need to be damp when I work them. Will you please soak them for me?
Yeah, sure. Laiden found a pottery bowl that he could use, but the water jug was empty. He would have to fill it. He resented Ferf all over again. The man had probably been lazing about all day doing nothing but eating and drinking. Laiden sulked all the way to the pond. But, when he arrived, he was pleased that he had come. In his haste to pick the sword leaves, the sawtooth edges had nicked his hands in several places and they ached. He soothed the cuts in the cool water of the stream while the gurgling music calmed his bruised ego.
Laiden returned with the water, and Ferf informed him that he would have to make another trip to the desert floor for more sword leaves. You can leave first thing tomorrow morning. Ferf smiled.

Ferfs  voice rambled on, and Dethina tilted her head, listening. He told the most outrageous stories that she was sure were false. But more importantly, as long as he stayed, she did not have to go to the Water God. Dethina was sure that as soon as Ferf left so would Laiden. Then she and her new boots would have to make the sad trip to the pond. She put the thoughts of the future out of her mind and concentrated on twisting the cord and listening to Ferfs entertaining stories.
For two more days, Laiden made the journey collecting the sharp, pointy leaves. Finally, there appeared to be enough leaves. It would take Dethina a couple more days to twist them into the finished product.

The pile of coils grew, and Laiden thought surely they were almost long enough. While Ferf made a short trip to his sled, Dethina whispered to him, Laiden, I think were low on food. Do you think you could catch something to eat? In an angry mood, he stomped off to see Treefrog. While he had been out collecting sword leaves, Ferf had been relaxing on his rump consuming their food and water without making any contributions.
Laiden arrived at Treefrogs hut, and found the young father straightening the shaft of an arrow as he watched the old couple, Orey and Mora, herding the twins around the village. Laiden nodded to the slow-moving group. How are things working out for you and the family?
Treefrog shrugged. Okay. He waited a few moments before he continued. Im going to miss her forever. But I guess somehow well survive. He seemed resigned to make the best of the unhappy circumstances.
Laiden nodded. Itll take time before we can all settle into a comfortable routine again. Im waiting for our visitor to leave. Hes kept me busy.
So Ive seen. He doesnt do much while youre gone. Treefrog put the stick up to his eye and sighted down the length for trueness.
Laidens lip curled. If he werent making Dethina happy, he would be on his way by now. He changed the subject. I came to ask you about the sharprock.
I already got it. Treefrog gestured with his head. Its out back.
Laiden felt guilty that Treefrog must have made two trips by himself to retrieve it. Thanks. The family wandered in, and Laiden watched as Treefrog lovingly scruffled  the head of one of his sons. Which one Laiden didnt know; they still looked the same to him. My huts out of meat, Laiden said. I thought Id get some sharprock, make some spear points, and do a little hunting.
Were out too, Treefrog responded. He leaned into a basket next to himself and pulled out a finished spear point. He turned it in his hand, examining it before he handed it to Laiden. Here, take this one. Ive already made plenty. Why dont we hunt together? Lets go on a night hunt when my boys are asleep. We can leave as soon as the stars come out.
Laiden hesitated; he was reluctant to leave Dethina alone at night while Ferf was still around. There was no telling what that cousin of a cockroach would try. Still, he compressed his lips in frustration; they needed food. I guess that will work, he finally agreed.

By  the time Laiden returned to Dethina, Ferf had resumed his lazy perch next to her. Treefrog and I will go hunting tonight, he said. He looked at Ferfs satisfied expression. You stay in Sodis empty hut.
Ferf raised his eyebrows. Are you two bonded? he asked innocently. He knew darn well they werent. Laiden bared his teeth and raised a fist. In return, Ferf mimicked a comical face of mock horror then shook with silent mirth.
Ill hunt you down, Laiden threatened.
Dethina paused in her work. Something was passing between the men that she couldnt understand.

Chapter 18
It was a surprise and pleasure that Laiden discovered the merchant was gone when he and Treefrog returned from hunting. But to his dismay, Dethina seemed to have reverted back to the sad melancholy creature she had been before Ferfs arrival. She sat lifelessly on her usual log, her hands motionless. The boots were gone too. Dethina must have put them in the hut. Laiden wondered if she had fallen in love with Ferf. She certainly seemed to miss him. 
The thought depressed Laiden. Ferf had done nothing but relax on his tail end during his stay. And he, Laiden, had done all the work, collecting the sword leaves, food, and water. And now, the small cuts on his hands had started to fester, making finger movement painful. 
Despite Laidens resentful feelings, he was determined that Dethina shouldnt learn about the small wounds. When he brushed her hair, put a cape around her shoulders, or handed her a plate, he carefully avoided contact with her hands. It had been a little tricky, but he believed he had been successful. When refilling the water jug, Laiden took time to soak his hands in the cool pond. Some sap from the healing plant would be beneficial, but Laiden was reluctant to make the long hike to get it while Dethina was in such a sad mood.
The sun climbed from behind the mountains into a bright clear sky. Laiden coaxed Dethina outside for breakfast. Carefully, he handed her a cup of morning tea. She made to grasp the cup in a clamshell motion, and Laiden had difficulty in moving his hands away fast enough. The clumsy maneuver resulted in some of the hot liquid spilling onto her. Ow, she yelped. 
Oops, sorry, he said as he brushed awkwardly at her shift.

Keenly aware of every movement, Dethian decided his rough strokes were cross and hostile. She noticed that he avoided contact with her. He must be annoyed at having to care for her. He had angry hands.
He was probably planning his departure now. But this morning she could feel the sun. It was going to be a warm day, perfect for lying in the sand. She would lie in the sand one more time, then she would be ready to go to the pond when told to. And fate cooperated, Laiden announced he was going to check on his snares. Now she would be able to go to her secret place alone and undisturbed. 

Even though Laiden hadnt been gone long while checking his snares, Dethina was missing when he returned. In a panic he searched for herat the pond, the path toward the desert, the pile of sharprock. He was getting ready to request Treefrogs help when he found her lying in her secret place, the sandy riverbed. His hands hurt, and he was annoyed that she had come to such a dangerous place by herself, and when she asked him if he was Deer Rider, what could only be a secret lovers name for Ferf, his anger flared and he snapped at her. Did you love Ferf so much?
She didnt answer for a long time. I loved Deer Rider. I wonder where he went.
Deer Rider! Ha. Laiden sneered silently. The only thing Ferf would ever ride was a slug. And Laiden could have told her where Ferf went to, to make dishonest trade with unsuspecting villagers.

Chapter 19
Since Birdsongs death, Orey and Mora had moved into Treefrogs hut to help care for the twins. That meant only two huts where occupied. Hardly a village, Laiden thought. No one mentioned Bront and Sodi, perhaps afraid to jinx their return or perhaps simply afraid that they had no intention of coming back. So it was a surprise one morning when he went to get water to discover Bront and Sodi returning to the village, or what was left of it, in a leisurely fashion.
Dropping the water jug, Laiden ran out to meet the buoyant pair and hugged them warmly. Sodi held him a moment. Its good to be back, Deer Rider. I knew youd still be here.
Taken back, Laiden responded, Deer Rider!
Sodi laughed. Oh, shh, I guess its still a secret. It was Dethinas pet name for you.
Laiden frowned. I think you mean someone else.
Sodi looked at him curiously then shrugged.
Laiden took the travel pack from her. Hows your daughter?
Bront grimaced. A false panic. But since we were already there, we decided to stay for a visit.
Im glad shes fine then. Is it your plan to stay here rather than return to your daughters village?
We like it here. A small, close village, Bront said.
Sodi looked at her bonded and affectionately took his hand. Well stay here. We can always go visit again. That village is so big, so many huts.
And so many rules, Bront added.
Laiden stopped. Before we get to the others, theres something I need to tell you. He related the deaths of the three villagers.
Bronts eyes widened in horror, and Sodi staggered under pale skin . She took a few moments to absorb the news before asking, What about Dethina?
Shes unhurt, Sodi. Shes taken her parents deaths very hard. Ive been unable to breathe any life back into her.
Oh, the poor girl. She needs me. Sodi rushed ahead.
Spirits, Bront moaned. I should have been here. I should never have left the wisent
Laiden put a hand on Bronts shoulder. Treefrog and I should never have left. He put Sodis pack over his shoulder and turned toward the village. No ones to blame. So many steps led to this path. 
Treefrog. Bront shook his head. He can be an impulsive young man. What will he do without Birdsong? Laiden knew it was a rhetorical question and didnt answer. Bront mumbled on, He loved her very much.
They continued toward the village at a sedate pace, no longer eager to return. Laiden remembered Treefrogs harsh words the day they buried Birdsong. Treefrog took the news badly. But since then, I believe hes put his own pain aside for the sake of his sons. Mora and Orey help when they can; the boys are a handful.
By now they had reached the pond, and Laiden picked up the water jug. Bront waited while he filled it.
Bront wiped at his eyes. Dieth was a good man and a loyal friend. Ill miss him.
Laiden let him reminisce for the rest of the walk back to the huts. They were almost parting before Laiden said, We had a traveling merchant while you were gone. I believe you met him. Ferf.
Bront grunted. After a few moments, he finally said, Yeah, we met him. He was quite taken with Dethinas cord. He wanted to trade for ours, but we needed it. He asked us where wed got it, so we told him about Dethina. Of course, we had no idea about the circumstances here, and at the time we were worried about our daughter. Bront paused, weighing his next words. Seemed a two-edged blade to me. Good with a story though. 
Laiden put a parting hand on Bronts shoulder. I think normally there would have been some sort of festivities for your return, but if you will forgive, though pleased to see you, I suspect no one is in a celebratory mood.
Bront nodded. Neither are we.

Chapter 20
They entered the lingering bleakness of the village. Sodi sat next to Dethina. There, there, she soothed. She held Dethina as she might hold an injured child. Im here now. She rocked the grieving girl in her big arms.
Laiden watched in envious resignation. He had wanted to hold Dethina and be the one to offer comfort. But she had distanced herself from him. Somehow she had fallen in love with the man Ferf, the cave-dwelling snake.
I have a good idea, Sodi said. Why dont you move into my hut? When Dethina didnt answer, Sodi continued, Just for a while, until youre feeling better.
Laiden crossed in front of the ladies and put the water jug at the door where it was always kept.
And look, Deer Riders still here. 
Dethinas voice sounded hollow. No, thats Angry Hands. 
The painful stab hit home. Blindly he stalked off, and his angry steps led him out of the village. How could he be so in love with a woman who loved a tail eater like Ferf? The man told amusing stories and traded fancy boots. So what? He hiked mindlessly to the same rock he had found once before. He climbed onto the boulder, put his head back, and closed his eyes. He wanted to numb his mind from the pain, but something kept trying to surface. He juggled the recent events in his head. Odd, Dethina hadnt met Ferf, the Deer Rider, before Sodi left. So how could Dethina have told Sodi that she loved him? Laiden sat up. She couldnt. That meant someone else was Deer Rider! Himself? With mounting clarity, he knew it was true. He had once been Deer Rider!
At some point, he had turned from Dethinas hero Deer Rider to Angry Hands. He couldnt say how it happened, perhaps the stress of losing her parents or his jealous behavior over Ferf. Laiden jumped up. He considered himself a man of action. Sitting on this rock wasnt going to bring him any closer to clearing this tangle with Dethina. Feeling more hopeful than he had in many days, he ran back to the village. He had no plan in mind; he trusted the right words would come to him when he saw her. 
When Laiden entered the village, he could see Dethina sitting in front of Sodis hut. So she must have moved he surmised. No matter. He went directly to Dethina. He stopped a body length from her. I know its you, she said listlessly.
Who do you think it is?
Dethina tilted her head away. Im sorry I called you Angry Hands, she said.
He sat next to her. Dethina, I have a question. If Angry Hands left
Laiden, there you are, Sodi boomed. I need some help replenishing my wood pile. Would you be so kind?
Laiden sighed silently. He realized the problem; it seemed he could never talk to Dethina without being interrupted. But he smiled at Sodi. Sure. Where should I stack it?

After that, Laiden seemed to disappear from the village. He came in at night but left early in the morning. Dethina was sure he was preparing to leave. He had been going to ask her a question but never finished. It had been something about Angry Hands leaving. Dethina hadnt changed her mind about giving herself to the Water God. She had made a pact with herself. When Laiden left the village, she would visit the pond.

Chapter 21
Laiden made his plans. He scoured the surrounding mountains for just the right place and the right paths. He found a straight stick and began carving on the end. After three days he was ready. He walked to the neighboring hut where Sodi was just putting out a morning meal. Bront stood. Laiden, we havent seen you for a couple of days; youve been busy.
Yes, he acknowledged.
Sit down and join us, Sodi invited.
Thank you. Laiden sat next to Dethina. He took her hand in his.
Youre not leaving, are you? Sodi asked.
Laiden shook his head.
Dethina tilted her head in the silence. The answer had been deliberately nonverbal. Someone didnt want her to know what was going on. 
When the food was finished Laiden stood up. Thanks for the meal, Sodi. He put a hand on Dethinas shoulder. Would you like to go for a walk with me?
Dethina quaked. Was he going to take her to the pond before he left? Did he have an agreement with the others? She didnt answer him. She couldnt.
Sodi looked at the listless girl. A walk would do her good. You go on now, she said helpfully. I dont need any extra help today.
Dethinas legs shook as she rose. Okay. But let me put my boots on. She wanted to be wearing her new boots when she entered the spirit world. Laiden took her hand as they walked, and she was surprised when they passed the ponds without stopping. They walked late into the morning before they started up a mountain trail unfamiliar to her. Laiden didnt speak but continued to hold her hand. The trail became steep, and after a while Dethina was breathing hard.
Youre tired. Lets stop.
Yes. Dethina panted. Weve been traveling for many hands of time. Ive never been this far before.
Laiden gave a short laugh. Were almost there. She heard him rustling around. Ive brought water. He put the water satchel in her hands. 
She took a long drink then handed it back. Im ready, she said boldly.
Laiden took up her hand again. She tried not to dwell on its warmth, the strong fingers so securely holding hers. They were rough from work, but shed felt their gentle side.
The path leveled out, and they walked through a meadow. Were here, he said.
Oh. 
Were all alone, he whispered. 
I know. She felt the tapping stick removed from her fingers. Her heart beat wildly.
Are you hungry?
No.
Thats all right. We can eat later.
Later!
Dethina, you must be anxious about your future. She was silent. If you see me in your future, we should make plans. Laiden noticed she was pale and breathing rapidly. Dethina, whats wrong? Was the hike too strenuous? 
I know youve brought me up here to leave me with the Water God. The words tumbled out.
Laiden rocked back on his heels. What are you talking about? Spirits, what gave you that idea?
Youre preparing to leave the village, but before you go, youre going to give me to the Water God.
Laiden took hold of her shoulders. Dethina, you couldnt be more wrong. I brought you up here so we wouldnt be interrupted. No ones going to send you to the Water God. No ones even thinking of it.
But you started to tell me you were going.
No, I started to ask you, if Angry Hands left, would you want Deer Rider to stay? She furrowed her brow. Laiden continued, You once told me you loved Deer Rider. Could you love him again?
Suddenly very confused, Dethinas mind seemed to be working slowly. You didnt bring me up here to leave me with the Water God?
No. I brought you up here to ask you if you could ever love me again.
She hesitated. I never stopped loving you, she admitted. 
She was wrapped in a cradling hug. Dethina, will you have me? 
Tentatively, she returned his embrace as the words settled in.
Laidens strong arms picked her off the ground. In response her fingers crawled up his back, to his neck, his hair. Laiden moaned in pleasure; his arms tightened their melting hold. Dethinas roaming hands explored his face. He leaned down to kiss her, and her magic touch set lightning to his senses. She was as exciting with her lips as she was with her fingers.
A long while later, he lifted his head. Dethina, you havent answered. Will you have me?
Im not sure I understand.
Will you be my life bond?
She rested her head against his chest. Yes. He held her while she cried in happiness and relief.
Laiden looked at the sun. It had started its downward traverse; they should start their homeward journey. He said, I have a gift for you. And he put something in her hand. Its a new tapping stick. 
She examined the stick with her fingers. There was the smell of mint; he must have rubbed the herb leaves into the wood. It was straight and sturdy. A figure had been carved into the top end. At her curious expression, Laiden said, Its a deer head. He took her fingers. This is the nose and here are the ears.
I love it. Thank you.	
Do you love me?
Yes.
He pulled her into a loose embrace. Do you remember telling me that as a child you wished you could run?
Yes. That was silly of me.
No. He turned away from her. Put your arms around my neck.
She did as he asked. He grabbed her legs and easily lifted her onto his back. Hang on, he shouted.
Instinctively she held on. Wh? And then he was running, running down the steep hill they had just hiked up. She felt a moment of panic before she let go of fear and gave herself up to the pleasure of the ride. Laiden heard her gleeful laugh and ran faster. Hair whipped around Dethinas face, and she hung on as he careened around switchback after switchback. The trail descended, and Laidens sure steps continued the steep flight down. When they reached a bumpy section, Dethina screamed in delight.
The path widened and smoothed for one last burst of speed before they neared the bottom. Laiden felt his legs weaken. He pulled onto a patch of grass where he deposited Dethina before collapsing down.
Im tired, he admitted, breathing hard.
Thank you, Deer Rider. She sat down next to him. I think thats the most fun Ive ever had.
Oh, yeah. He raised his head. I think my kisses should be more exciting. Let me see what I can do. Some hands of time passed before they sat up. We should be getting back, Laiden said reluctantly. At that moment he looked down and noticed her feet. Dethina, he said in alarm, weve lost your new boots.
She smiled. I know. Its all right. I dont need them anymore.





Endnotes

Thanks for reading. Please visit my website http://PangeaLegends.com for some DIY craft ideas and a list of other books by L. Christina.



Other books by L. Chritina
Kaelah
Leaf Hopper
Angry Hands
Talon (Summer 2014)
