

The Dead of Winter

By Jennifer Welsh

Smashwords Edition
Copyright  2014 Jennifer Welsh
License Notes: This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this ebook with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with. If youre reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then you should return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Ebook formatting by www.ebooklaunch.com

Table of Contents
Prologue
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen
Chapter Twenty
Chapter Twenty-one
Chapter Twenty-two
Chapter Twenty-three

Prologue
Andy strained to see the snow covered road. She glanced at the clock and was surprised to see it was after two in the morning. She was exhausted. Her eyes were so heavy that she had a hard time keeping them open. It had been snowing and sleeting all day, and the roads were treacherous. The lines on the road were barely visible. Even though she knew she should have started home earlier, she couldn't help herself. She had taken some incredible shots. Once she got caught up in a project, she always lost track of time. Did she eat lunch? She couldn't remember. Andy knew she skipped dinner, but what happened to lunch? It really didn't matter, she told herself. She hadn't had much of an appetite lately anyway.
She finally made it down the long winding country road that led to her house. "Why did I ever move so friggin far out in the middle of nowhere?' she asked herself as she eased up beside her mailbox. She rolled down the passenger side window and a big gust of wind blew snow in her face. As sleet hit her skin, it felt like little needles jabbing her. She quickly grabbed the stack of mail out of the mailbox and flung it on the passenger's seat. After she closed the mailbox, she hurried and rolled up the window.
She slowly turned down her driveway and eased her little red truck down the long tree lined drive toward her house. The truck slid several times before she reached her house. She parked and wished she could magically transport herself into her house. The light was on in her front window. She had set a timer so all the downstairs lights would turn on before sunset. She flipped down her visor and looked at her reflection in the mirror. She was a mess. Her shaggy shoulder length blonde hair was sticking out in all directions. Stress had definitely taken its toll on her. She was still beautiful, but she had dark circles under her eyes. She hadn't had a good nights sleep in weeks and it showed. Opening the glove compartment, she searched for an elastic tie. She quickly found one and pulled her unruly hair into a ponytail.
"That's better," she said as she looked in the mirror. She knew she was going off the deep end, but she didn't know how to stop. Fighting back tears, she cursed herself for being such a coward. Andy was afraid to leave the security of her truck to try and reach her home. She had considered staying the night in Baltimore, but she had to feed Tom. She wished she would have left him extra food out, but she hadn't thought of it. The bushes by the house were so dark that she could barely see them. What if he was hiding in them, just waiting for her to come home?
"Yeah, right, Andy. In a snowstorm. You really are going crazy. Just get out and run to the door," she told herself.
The front door was approximately a hundred feet away, but it seemed a lot farther. She looked at the clock. She had been sitting in the truck for twenty minutes. She picked up the stack of mail and decided to look through it before going in. Maybe the snow would die down some, and she could see better.
"I hate junk mail," she muttered as she looked at several sales bills. She stopped dead when she came to a blue envelope. It looked exactly like all the others. She hadn't gotten one in a week and hoped it was all over. No such luck. She failed to notice this one didn't have a postmark. Unable to leave it unopened, she slowly tore the envelope. The typed words all but stopped her heart.
TONIGHT YOU WILL DIE "No, no, no!" she screamed. Tears started streaming down her face. She stuffed the note in her pocket. Knowing there was no way she could make it back to town, she jumped out of the truck and ran toward the house. She slipped on some ice and fell on the front steps. She grabbed the railing and pulled herself to her feet. Her hands were shaking so badly that she could barely get the key into the lock. Finally, she had the door open and was safely inside. Still shaking she shut the door, locked it, and punched in her security code to set the alarm. She looked for the portable phone to call the police. She had her cell in her purse, but it needed to be charged.
Unfortunately for Andy, she was always misplacing her phone. Why hadn't she listened to Emma and bought a gun. She considered buying one, but she was scared of them. She could just picture her shooting herself. While she was still searching for the phone, she heard a meow and spotted Tom, her huge orange tabby running toward her. She picked him up and scratched his head. Weighing almost fifteen pounds, he was the size of a small dog. She sat him down and wiped the tears from her eyes. After taking a couple deep breaths, she sat down on the sofa and tried to remember where she left her phone. She leaned down and rested her head in her hands. Unable to stop crying, she reached into her coat pocket for a tissue. The note tumbled out and fell under the sofa. Tom came over and rubbed against her leg, trying to calm her.
She jumped when she heard footsteps. Tom left her and headed toward the kitchen, toward food.
"Oh, my God! He's here!" Her voice was barely a whisper, but it felt like a scream. She searched for a place to hide. Praying quietly, she dropped down on her hands and knees and hid behind the sofa.
"Andy, Honey, is that you?" a familiar voice called from the stairs.
Andy stayed where she was. Afraid to move. She knew him well enough to be scared even if he wasn't the stalker. She had given him the alarm code. What was she thinking? At the time, she was in love with him and not thinking. She was planning on breaking things off with him, but she was scared. He scared her. He had a temper. She had started seeing someone else that she adored, loved. She was afraid he knew, but she had been so very careful.
"Where is she, Tom, old boy?" he asked the cat who always liked him. Tom betrayed her and ran to the back of the sofa. No way around it, she came out and forced a smile. "You scared the shit out of me." He stood across the room staring at her. He smiled but the smile didn't reach his eyes. He certainly was a handsome man but not a kind man. She made herself go to him. She put her arms around him and gave him a hug.
"What's wrong, baby?" he sounded so concerned, genuine.
"I got another note. I'm so scared," her voice shook. He held her tightly and told her not to worry that it would all be over soon. She wondered what he meant. "You can stay with me?' he offered. Andy accepted and tried to seem grateful. "Can I bring Tom?" she asked. "Of course, but first you need to calm down. Here, turn around and let me rub your shoulders, get rid of that tension," he spoke softly. Andy turned around. She felt her body start to relax as his strong hands massaged her shoulders. She felt trapped. Something popped into her mind. She didn't see his car.
"Where is your car? she asked.
"It's near the woods, on the main road. I was afraid I'd get stuck in your driveway. Relax."
Suddenly, she felt something cold against her neck. A sharp pain quickly followed. Her vision blurred. Instinctively she reached up and felt her neck. She felt the blood. She turned and looked in his eyes, searching for the man who she once loved. He was gone. She tried to scream but couldn't. Losing her balance, she fell to the floor. The last thing she remembered as her life slipped away was his laughter.
He watched her die. He couldn't believe she had planned on leaving him. The nerve! Who did she think she was? It had been so easy at first. She fell for him hard. It all changed in a moment when he mistakenly let the real him out. Ever since then, she wasn't the same. He had followed her on several occassions and knew she was seeing someone else. He was shocked when he found out who it was. She looked happy with this man, like she use to with him. He decided then that she deserved to die. If she could fall out of love with him so quickly, what kind of person was she really? He had loved her, and she threw it all away.
He stepped over her lifeless body and walked into the kitchen. She hadn't even fed Tom. He filled the bowls with plenty of food and water. He thought of himself as a good person for doing this simple gesture. He always liked the cat. He hoped someone would take care of him.
He had been at Andy's for a couple hours gathering up his things and rubbing the place down, removing any sign that he was ever there. He went upstairs to retrieve the bag with all his things. While doing so, he smiled to himself thinking how clever he was. He deactivated the alarm and set it before he closed the door behind him. He barely noticed the cold as he made his way back to his car.

Chapter One
That Tuesday started like any other Tuesday. I woke up around seven, and I really, really didn't want to get out of bed. My face, the only part of my body peeking out from under my quilt, was frozen. I love my old house, but it is so cold. This was one of many reasons why I dread the winter so much. A very big reason. I hate to be cold. Almost as much as I hate to be hot.
Okay, so fall and spring are my favorite seasons. I can do without summer and winter.
I grabbed my favorite flannel robe from the foot of my bed and wrapped it around me. The robe had been my father's, and it means more to me than just about anything I own. I don't mind that it isn't in the best shape. It is a little tattered, but that only adds character to it and it is the most comfortable robe in the whole world.
The wooden floor felt cold on my toes so I quickly searched for the pair of wool socks I had worn the day before. Finally, I found them under the foot of my bed and slipped them on. I looked out the window and was disappointed to see that it was snowing once again. It had been snowing every other day for the last month. Have I mentioned that I hate the cold and winter?
Well, I also don't care much for snow, except on Christmas Eve. Every other day of the year, I can do without it.
I walked down the steps from my bedroom to the second floor. Just so you don't think I hate everything, let me mention I love my bedroom. It use to be the attic. When I moved back in with my parents after a very short marriage, I convinced them to let me renovate their attic into a bedroom. The financing was courtesy of my ex, Benji Barnes. He broke my heart and in exchange I got a wonderful bedroom in my parents' home. A small compensation for all the embarrassment I suffered from him cheating on me with almost every women in town, but at least I got something good out of it. My room is huge with large windows on three of the four walls.
The wall that doesn't have a window is one huge book case. The book shelves are built into the wall and are filled with books and journals. My father kept a journal ever since he was eighteen years old, and I am proud to say that I have every one of them. I love them. Sometimes I will sit for hours and read his journals. I love the stories of when he met my mother and their early years together. He wrote in his journal the day he died. He went with my mother, my brother, Brady, and my brother's best friend, Will, to one of Brady and Will's basketball games. He wrote about how much he loved to watch Brady play, and he was sure my little brother would go on to play college ball. On the way home, they were hit head on by a drunk driver. My dad lived for a few days, but my mother and Brady were killed instantly. Will miraculously survived.
Amazingly, the drunk driver also lived. Will, Andy and I were awarded a huge settlement by the man's insurance company, but that didn't come close to replacing my family. They were priceless. That was four years ago. Okay, back to my bedroom. There is a staircase in the middle of the room leading to the second floor which consists of three bedrooms and a full bath.
I wish I had put a full bath connecting to my room, but I couldn't afford it at the time. Now, I can afford it, but it would be too much of an inconvenience.
Keeping with my father's tradition, I have also kept journals since I was in high school. I try not to read mine as they tend to be somewhat depressing. On the other hand, I read my father's all the time. They make me feel close to him and my mom. I miss my parents and my brother so much it hurts. I know people say that all the time, but it's true. To lose one person you truly love is painful, but to lose three at once is almost unbearable. From my dad I also inherited a love for reading. I love to read just about anything from mystery novels to trashy magazines. From my mother, I inherited a love for dancing and a need for everything to be just right. I hate drama.
I will do almost anything to avoid it.
There is a large flat screen tv on a shelf directly in front of my bed. One of my all time favorite things to do is to lay on my bed, eat brownies, drink sweet tea, and watch one of my favorite shows. There are several shows I cannot bear to miss. A few are The Good Wife, Survivor, and Dancing with the Stars. Oh, and I also love Game of Thrones. I have a built in desk for my computer which I mainly use to stay in touch with friends and a few family members. My bed is against one wall so that if I prop myself up in bed just right I can look out the window and see for miles. Sometimes, I can see a herd of deer running over the hills behind the house. They are so beautiful as they leap and bound effortlessly across the fields. A few times I have even seen wolves and coyotes. In the winter, on a day like today, the view is like a story book. There are snow covered hills and pine trees as far as the eye can see. Right before the hills begin is a large pond where ducks and geese are swimming despite the cold. A small meandering stream makes its way through the right side of the our farm. Our two horses are galloping up one of the hills, playing in the snow. It is so beautiful that I want to stay looking out my window forever, but work was waiting for me. It's not that my shop couldn't manage a day without me. To be honest, it could probably last forever without me, but I need to feel productive.
So, I trudged wearily downstairs and knocked on Will's door as I passed. I heard a mumbled, "I'm up", so I headed down the hall to the bathroom. After washing my face, brushing my hair and teeth, and a few other mundane morning rituals, I pulled on my jeans and a heavy wool sweater I had laid out the night before. I pulled my long hair back in a pony tail and surveyed myself in the mirror. "Not bad for five minutes," I thought to myself and headed downstairs.
I walked through the living room and noticed that Sandy Girl and Here Kitty were missing from the sofa. Lately, they had been waiting by Will's door until he let them in for the night. They all slept huddled in a lump on his full size bed. Usually, Sandy, my huge bullmastiff, would sleep at the foot of the bed and Here Kitty, my old calico cat, would sleep on his pillow at the top of his head. I laughed hysterically the first time I saw her. She looked like a little hat perched up there.
He probably let them in to keep him warm.
I went into the kitchen and found my box of chocolate donuts, the little tiny ones. I picked out five and placed them on a plate. They are my all time favorite breakfast. I had set the timer on the coffee maker the night before and poured myself a steaming cup of vanilla coffee. Adding just enough cream and sugar to make it taste like dessert instead of a drink, I grabbed my donuts and sat down at the kitchen table. I took a taste of the coffee and declared to no one in particular that it was the best cup of coffee I had ever tasted. I sat there taking sips of coffee and bites of donuts, and I must admit I felt very content. Life was good. Who could've imagined how horrible the day would become.
My kitchen table is situated so that while enjoying my breakfast, lunch, or dinner, I can look out at the backyard. Birds were gathered around the bird feeder happily pecking at the seeds.
Will filled the bird feeder every night, because he knew how much I like to watch the birds in the morning. I'll tell you later about Will. He is my roommate and a really sweet, considerate guy.
There were blue jays, cardinals, and even a woodpecker devouring the food. A couple of squirrels zipped in every once in a while to gather the seed that had fallen down on the ground.
I felt slightly irritated that I didn't hear Will upstairs in the shower. I hated the thought of walking all the way back upstairs and pounding once again on his door. Just as I started to get up, I heard creaking overhead followed by a door shutting and water running. Relieved, I finish my donuts and coffee.
Satisfied with my not so nutritional breakfast, I put my cup and plate in the sink and started searching for my boots. I was amazed to find them right where they should be by the back door and slid them on. Next, I bundled up in a warm hat and gloves. I braced myself and went out into the freezing cold. Of course, a big gust of wind hit me in the face as I opened the door.
Boy,have I mentioned how much I hate Indiana winters. Sandy and Here Kitty rushed out past me almost knocking me down the steps. I slowly made my way to the truck through about a foot of snow. I know it seems crazy to go to work in such horrible weather, but if I stayed home every day it snowed a foot, I'd never go to work. Besides, it was very uncomfortable to be home alone with Will all day. Finally, I reached the truck and jumped in. Will would've been more than happy to start the truck for me, but I was tired of waiting for him. Plus, I didn't like the idea of him taking care of me. Well, not too much anyway. I shuddered once inside and fumbled to get the key in.
Not too easy with my bulky warm gloves. I finally got it in and started the truck. I turned the heat up full blast and jumped back out. I felt proud of myself as I ran to the house as fast as I could without falling down in the snow. As I opened the back door, Sandy and Here Kitty rushed in past me. I believe they are determined to knock me down the steps.
Will was standing at the coffee maker filling a thermos of coffee. He already had a banana protruding from his coat pocket. He is just beautiful. He looks like a tall surfer guy with his blonde hair and his pretty blue eyes. His hair was still wet from his shower, but he had on his coat and boots. Besides the wet hair, he looked ready to leave.
"You'll get sick, if you don't cover your head." My mother had warned me about this many times. "Breakfast?" I asked motioning toward the banana. Will smiled at me warmly and said, "Good morning. " He looked at me just long enough to make me feel uncomfortable then put the top on his thermos. I fought an impulse to wipe a drop of water dripping down the side of his face. He must have felt it, because he reached up and wiped it away. "Are you ready?" he asked.
"I just got to grab the cows," I answered. I went to get my latest creation. Two beautiful crocks with cows painted on the sides of them. It was all very tastefully done, of course. I am not sure why, but the people of Freemont love cows, pigs, and roosters. They love them on just about anything. As I brought them into the kitchen, Will took them from me and handed me the thermos. I grabbed my coat, put a warm cap on Will's head, and we raced out to the truck. By now the truck was nice and toasty. Will jumped in the driver's seat and I in the passenger's seat.
He reached back and put the crocks in the back seat.
"All right, let's get it over with," I pointed to his ipod.
He cranked up the music and played Eminem's latest song. I have no idea what the name of it is, but Will loves it. I, on the other hand, can tolerate it. He is so happy every morning that sometimes it angers me. I know this is unreasonable, so I try to keep it in check. He plays it every morning and sings it at the top of his lungs. It's a good thing he can sing. He can also the piano beautifully. He mostly play and sings when I'm upstairs and he doesn't know I can hear him.
The rest of day went on as usual for the most part. We went through the drive through at McDonalds and got me a large sweet tea to which I am now addicted. I must have one every single day. Will realizes this and readily agrees it is a small price to pay for me to not turn into a mean hateful person.
We worked at the store until noon then walked next door to the diner next door for lunch. As to be expected, it was a very slow day. Not many people were out braving the weather. We were sitting at a booth across from each other, when I noticed a strange look on Will's face.
"What's wrong?" I asked.
"Don't look, but Benji and Carrie just walked in," Will answered.
"Great, my ex and his new girlfriend," I thought as I tried very hard not to turn around and look at them. It turned out that I didn't have to turn around and look because before I knew it they were standing at our booth.
"Emma, it is so nice to see you. Do you know Carrie?" he slung his arm around her possessively.
"Benji, you know very well that I know Carrie. Hi, Carrie," I added without an ounce of enthusiasm.
Benji and Carrie were a nice enough looking couple. He was tall, dark, and semi-handsome although it pleased me to see he was getting a little thick around the middle. She was a petite bleached blonde with big boobs. I had to admit she had a pretty face. They weren't happy unless people were noticing just how attractive they were.
"Alright, well you two take care," I said hoping they would take the hint.
"Hey," Benji said, focusing on Will, "I know you. You're Brady's friend."
"Yeah," answered Will staring at Benji. I saw a moment of sadness in his eyes and wanted to stab Benji with my fork.
Benji and Carrie stared at the two of us for a moment said good bye and went to find a booth.
"Well, that was pleasant," said Will.
"I'll be lucky if I can keep my food down," I said looking at the hamburger and fries the waitress just placed in front of me.
"I really don't think that will be a problem," laughed Will. This was true. I love to eat and not much at all could ruin my appetite. I ended up eating all my food and some of Will's.
We went back to the shop and stayed until four then headed home. It was still snowing when we left and the half hour drive took us over an hour. Luckily the salt trucks were out or the roads would have been a lot worse.
It felt so good to be home. I started fixing spaghetti for dinner while Will went out with Here Kitty and Sandy to feed the horses. When they returned, he fed a very hungry Here Kitty and Sandy before helping me with dinner. He set the table and poured us each a glass of iced tea.
The spaghetti was ready and so was the sauce. I took the garlic bread out of the oven and sat it on the stove. While I fixed our plates, he put Sandy and Here Kitty in the other room. They are horrible beggars, and it is no fun eating while they are staring at you. Sandy especially. She always has a long strand of drool dripping from the side of her mouth. Not too appetizing.
"My shirt is soaked clear through!" Will exclaimed and took off his shirt in the kitchen and then he threw it downstairs. "Do I have a clean shirt in the living room?" he asked as he headed in that direction.
"I think there's a couple in the laundry basket by the sofa," I answered trying hard not to look at him and drool. Will worked out every night and it showed. The muscles in his arms and back were well defined. I try to not openly stare at him if I can help it.
"I'm trying to eat. Please put a shirt on," I added to hide my discomfort.
He came back fully dressed and sat across from me at the table. We ate in a comfortable silence. After washing the dishes, we went into the living room to watch Dancing with the Stars.
We then walked upstairs together and before I headed up to my room, Will leaned down and gave me a kiss on the lips.
"Good night," he said softly and walked down the hall to his room.
"Good night," I whispered and stared after him. More than anything, I wanted to follow him and crawl into his bed. Instead, I groaned and headed upstairs to my room.

Chapter Two
When my parents and Brady were killed, it was Brady who was driving the car when a drunk driver hit them. He was only seventeen years old. Brady and Will were sitting in front, and my parents were sitting in back. Brady and my mother were killed instantly.
My father lived two days then died. He never regained consciousness. Andy and I stayed with my father for those two days praying he would live. When he died, we didn't know what to do. Some small part of us believed that there would be a miracle and he would live. You hear every day about someone surviving against all odds, so why not?
Going home to the house without our parents and without Brady was unbearable for both of us. Andy still lived at home, and I just moved back. I left Benji. I can remember the first time I went in the house after they were gone. I walked through the house and looked at their things. The things they left not knowing they would never return. My dad's hat was thrown in the middle of the kitchen table. This was something that drove my mother mad. My mom's favorite coffee cup was sitting in the sink. I walked up to Brady's room and walked in. His bed was unmade and his clothes were strewn all over the floor. A picture of our family was on his bedside table sitting next to a picture of his girlfriend, Julie. I laid down on his bed and cried. I don't know how long I stayed there, but Andy had to come and make me get out. To this day, the things in his room are exactly as he left them. I've been told it is unhealthy to leave these things as they were, but I can't help it. My Dad's hat is still on the kitchen table, and my mom's coffee cup is still in the sink. Four years later, I still can't bear to move them.
Will had internal bleeding, head trauma, broken legs and ribs, but he somehow managed to survive. As sick as it sounds, I was angry at him for surviving. Why couldn't Brady have lived or my parents. Several months after the accident Will came to see and me. I heard a knock at the back door and was surprised to see him standing there. He asked if he could talk to me, so we walked to the pond and sat on the bench underneath the large weeping willow tree that he use to climb and play under with Brady. .
"Brady and I loved to climb this tree," he said without looking at me.
"I know," I said wanting him to leave.
"Why didn't you come and visit me in the hospital or return my calls?" he asked softly.
"I couldn't. It hurts too much to see you," I said really not wanting to have this conversation. I knew I was going to cry, and I hated to cry especially in front of others.
"Seeing you makes me miss Brady more."
"But you're all I have left of Brady," he said softly. "I feel like I need to see you.
You were all like family to me. I've known you since I was five years old. I know it sounds crazy, but I'm afraid I'll forget him. How much he meant to me. We were like brothers," Will was almost pleading. "Can't I come over once in awhile just to talk?"
I started to cry. "I'm sorry, Will. I just can't. Please don't come again." I leaned my head down and rested it on my knees.
He ran his fingers through my hair, and I turned to look at him. He kissed me desperately and God forgive me, I kissed him back. Suddenly, sense came back to me and I pushed him away. "Please, Will, stay away! Don't you ever come back!" Those were the last words and said to him until I saw him three years later.

Chapter Three
William Christopher Jackson
Three years later he walked into my store and applied for a job as a manager which was kind of a joke since the store only had one employee besides myself. I sell crafts and local "art". I use the term art very loosely. Our hot item this week is crocks painted with cows on them. I was creating a gorgeous display of hand painted fake yard geese when Will walked in.
This all happened approximately a year ago. Andy had just moved to Maryland. I was depressed and couldn't handle the financial aspects of the store by myself. The store was doing pretty well, and I figured I could afford to hire some help.
Will had just graduated from college. He planned to work at the store for a few months to gain experience. He thought store manager would look great on his resume.
I'll never forget when I saw him walk into my store. He looked so grown up. He was twenty-one years old to my thirty-four. He was tall with sandy blonde hair just a little too long. He had pretty blue eyes and a nice smile. He was dressed so professionally in a handsome suit. I felt bad about how I had treated him, so I hired him on the spot. I have to admit I thought he would at least be nice to look at while working. The days could get awfully long.
I think what surprised me most about Will was how honest and sweet natured he was.
He would do anything for anyone in town. He fed stray dogs, cats, helped old ladies, you name it. People would show up at the store searching for Will to help them with all kinds of odd jobs. He never said no.
There was a constant stream of available and not so available women at the store gawking at him. At first, I didn't mind. It was good for business. Then, for some odd reason, it started to get on my nerves. Will was always polite to them, but he never showed any interest. As far as I knew, he wasn't seeing anyone.
I thought it was my imagination, but he seemed to pay a lot of attention to me. After a couple months together, Will and I started hanging out together. We became friends.
We went bowling, to movies, out to eat, and just hung out together. I was going through a bitter divorce. At least it was bitter on my part, and Will listened sympathetically while I vented about my ex. Everything was going well. Will and I enjoyed working together.
About six months after Will started working at the store, his parents decided they had enough of brutal Indiana winters. They were selling their home and retiring in Florida.
Will was told he could either move with them to Florida or find a place to live in Indiana.
Will really didn't want to move, so he had a month to find a place to live.
After a couple unsuccessful weeks of searching for a place to rent, Will asked if he could move in with me temporarily.
"How long would you stay?" I asked, already feeling uneasy. I'm not too good with change. Actually, I'm horrible at it. I do not like to have my exciting routine interrupted.
It's not that my life is so thrilling. I go to work, write in my journal, watch tv, eat dinner, run on my treadmill, and that's about it.
"Hopefully, not too long," he answered, "I'll keep looking for a place."
"Okay," I said reluctantly, "I'll help you move in this weekend."
Well, Will moved in and we quickly settled into a routine. In no time, we were like an old married couple. We spent almost all of our time together. Will love music. He would sing and play the piano. His voice was beautiful. I could listen to him for hours, and he didn't seem to mind. I changed an extra room into a gym for him. He would exercise daily for at least two hours. He would go shopping with me, run with me, watch tv with me, everything but sleep in the same bed. He would lay on my bed by me happily eating junk food and watching Dancing with the Stars. Will loved to dance. He would tape the shows, and we would practice their routines in my huge living room. When it was time to go to bed, he would give me a kiss on the cheek and go to his room. Mind you, we would flirt and there was definitely an attraction on both sides, because come on, he was really, really cute. He was just way too young, and he reminded me of Brady.
One night, everything changed. We were celebrating my divorce to my sleazy ex. I was so thrilled to be rid of him. Will and I decided to go to the local bar after work and have a couple drinks. Will doesn't drink. He doesn't touch alcohol. So, he was my designated driver. After I had a couple screwdrivers, one of the songs we had practiced a Dancing with the Stars routine came on the jukebox. I forced Will into doing the routine in front of maybe a dozen people at the bar. Everyone clapped and cheered when we finished. It was probably horrific on my part but, they were nice about it. Then a slow song came on and I made Will slow dancing with me. It felt so nice with my head resting on his chest. I started having not so innocent thoughts about Will. We went home where I talked Will into drinking rum and coke with me. By now, I was already a little drunk and within no time Will caught up. Before we knew it, we were both plastered. It just got worse and worse.
Will confessed that he was in love with me. I, thank goodness, did not admit feelings of any sort on my part. However, not so good, I kissed him. Before I knew it, we were in his room, clothes were hastily discarded, and yes, we slept together. I have to admit it was wonderful, except for one thing. I woke up the next morning, saw Will sleeping naked next to me, and I remembered everything. The bad thing was that I felt sick. I thought of Brady. Will was so young, and I felt like a dirty old woman. He had become my best friend, and I depended on him in my life. I liked things the way they were and didn't want anything to change. I was scared to death of losing him, but I knew I had to quickly set him straight.
I tiptoed out of his room, grabbing for my clothes which were thrown all over his room, and went to take a shower. While taking my shower, I had a great idea that maybe he wouldn't remember last night. He was really drunk and just maybe he would forget.
No such luck. From the moment I saw him I knew I wasn't that lucky. I took my shower and went downstairs to the kitchen to fix some breakfast. Amazingly, I didn't feel nauseous anymore. While I was standing at the stove frying some bacon, Will walked in.
He smiled this really big smile when he saw me and said, "Come here."
All I could do was shake my head no. He looked confused and walked over like he was going to hug me. I held my hands up to ward him off and said, "Will, we need to talk." Will crossed his arms in front of him and leaned against the door jam.
I debated with myself about the possibility of trying to convince him that he had imagined it, but I decided it wouldn't work. He wouldn't buy it.
"Will, please sit down and stop looking mad at me," I said as I turned off the stove and sat down at the kitchen table. He walked over and sat across from me.
"If you plan on telling me that last night was a mistake, don't even bother. I don't want to hear it," he said before I got the chance to say anything.
"Will," I started, trying to choose my words carefully, "It wasn't a mistake. It was wonderful. It just can't happen again. I'm too old for you."
"No, you're not. You're perfect for me." His face softened, and he stared at me lovingly.
"Will, you need someone your own age. Someone you can have a family with.
Remember how you told me you wanted to have a house full of children? The chances of me having children are really slim. I have one ovary and may never have children.
Plus, I'm old. I'm not sure if I even want children at my age." I stopped talking. I wasn't even sure what I was talking about. I was babbling.
"I would rather have you than not have you. We could adopt," he said quietly.
I couldn't tell him I didn't feel the same way about him or that I didn't love him.
These things weren't true, and they weren't the real reason. He reached over and squeezed my hand. I felt like crying.
"Will, I've lost so much in my life and honestly, I can't lose you right now. I just can't. I'm not ready for this, and I can't say I ever will be. It just doesn't feel right. I need you to be my friend. Can we please go back to being friends? Please," I pleaded.
His eyes welled up with tears, and I was sure he was going to cry, but he didn't. He shook his head yes. He got up and left the room.
Ever since that night things were awkward, but they slowly got back to how they use to be. Well, at least they kind of were the same. There was always an underlying tension between us that wouldn't go away. Once in awhile, I would snap at him or he would snap at me about something trivial.
There were a couple other differences. We started watching our shows together on the living room sofa instead of my room. We would sit close together munching on a bowl of popcorn or a plate of brownies. The other difference was how we looked at each other. I tried as much as possible to not look at Will for too long. When I did look at him for an extended period of time, I would start to remember our night together. Images of Will would flash across my mind, and I could feel myself blushing. I truly believe this delighted Will to no end. Will, on the other hand, often stared at me too long and with way too much intensity. I knew he was remembering the same thing I was trying so hard to forget.

Chapter Four
When the phone rang in the middle of the night, I woke up instantly. My mind felt foggy, but I knew it had to be very late. I looked at the caller id by my bed and recognized the number of my cousin, Paul. I waited nervously for the answering machine to pick up.
"You've reached the Wallace residence..." it went on and on. It was the longest message known to man, but I couldn't bring myself to change it. It was his voice. My father's voice, and in the background at the end of the message, I can hear my mother's laugh. To me, it is priceless. Will said it's morbid, and that I should change it. My parents had been dead for over three years, and I couldn't imagine I would change it any time in the near future. Eventually I will change it just not now.
I truly believe that no one ever calls in the middle of the night to tell you good news.
It is always bad news. I was right.
"Emma, please pick up. It's important!" His voice sounded urgent. I quickly grabbed the phone.
"Paul, are you out of your mind?" I asked irritated, thinking he had probably been drinking. Once in awhile he would call me late when he went out drinking after work with friends. Twenty-six years old and single, he sometimes acted more like a college student than one of the best public defenders for the State of Maryland.
"Emma, I'm really sorry to call so late, but you have to listen to me. Something horrible has happened. Is Will there with you?"
"Yes, he's in his room," I answered, dreading what was coming next.
"I don't know how to tell you. Emma, I'm just so sorry," his voice was barely a whisper, and I had to strain to hear him.
"Paul, what is it? You're scaring me." I couldn't hear him anymore and wondered if he had hung up.
"Paul, are you there?" I asked.
A moment later he spoke. His words broke my heart.
"Andy's dead. Emma, I'm so sorry. She's dead," he said, his voice cracking.
"What happened? Was she in an accident?" I could barely get the words out.
"No. She was murdered," Paul started crying.
I'm not sure what happened next, but Will said my screaming woke him up. I don't remember screaming or dropping the phone, but these things must have happened. When Will got to my room he said I was down on the floor screaming. He picked me up, put me in bed, and held me all night. I clung to him and cried. Eventually I fell asleep, dreaming dreams of Andy. We were teenagers again, racing our horses over the hills.
She always won, and I was chasing her laughter.
In a moment I had lost one of the two most important people in my life. She was my best friend. I only had her and Will left. Now there was only Will.
When I woke up the next morning, I crawled out of bed where Will was still sleeping.
I pulled a quilt out of the chest at the foot of my bed and went downstairs. The temperature in the house seemed to have dropped twenty degrees. I felt chilled and realized I was shaking. It was still dark outside. I looked at the clock. It was four in the morning. I sat on the sofa and wrapped the quilt tightly around me. I watched the snowflakes fall rapidly through the dim light over the barn door. I tried to focus on the snowflakes, trying to count them instead of thinking about Andy. This didn't work, and Paul's words kept echoing in my mind. Murdered. Who would want to hurt Andy? Andy was the sweetest person I knew. The word murdered brought all kinds of horrific images to my mind. My dear sweet Andy. How would I live without her? I couldn't shut out the horrible thoughts. My eyes glazed over with tears. I could no longer see the snowflakes falling.
A short time later I heard Will walking down the stairs. When he found me in the living room, he looked at me with such compassion. He had tears in his eyes. He knew Andy very well, and he cared about her too. I could tell though what hurt him the most was the pain I was going through. He walked over, sat on the sofa, and pulled me against him. I leaned against his chest and soaked his shirt with my tears. He didn't care. He just held me closer.

Chapter Five
I slept off and on through the morning. I cried for hours until I couldn't cry anymore.
I only left the sofa once to go to the bathroom. I couldn't believe I would never see Andy again. I felt guilty that I hadn't called her more or went to visit. I hadn't seen her for almost six months. She was so busy with her new job, and I was so busy thinking about Will. I never told Andy about what happened with Will. I was embarrassed and afraid she wouldn't understand. Now thinking back, I realize she probably would have. I just wish I would have told her how much she meant to me. I prayed she knew.
Sandy came down in the morning to look for me and Will. Here Kitty was following close behind. Sandy padded with her big feet from room to room until she found me on the sofa. She rested her big head in my lap. As I looked down in her eyes, I was sure she sensed my sadness. I petted her for a few minutes, then I leaned back against Will and tried to fall asleep.
When I woke up around nine, I knew exactly what I needed to do. I would go to Maryland and make arrangements to bring Andy and her things home. I wanted to lay her to rest with our parents and Brady. I was sure it was what she would have wanted. I knew Paul would arrange things for me, but I wanted to do it for Andy and for myself.
I hoped they had found the monster who had killed Andy. I needed to know exactly what had happened to her and why. I had to know if she had suffered. The only hope I could cling to was that Andy, who had suffered so much in her short life, would never suffer again. The idea was of little comfort, but it was all I had. I was determined that Andy would get justice.
After I had made my decision to go to Maryland, a sense of peace came over me. I was still very sad, but I had a purpose. I immediately started planning. Will would stay home and take care of the animals. He could also help Cindy run the store. I took this for granted and didn't talk to him about it until I was almost ready to go. I planned to leave the next day.
While I was packing in my room, Will came up and asked, "When are we leaving?"
I was totally taken aback. I never considered his going with me. Who would care for the store and the animals? Cindy couldn't run the store on her own. Some days she couldn't even find it.
"Will, I need you to stay here for me and take care of things," I explained.
"Emma, you need me. I should be with you now. I would worry myself sick about you. Please, let me come. I'll find someone to take care of things. Come on, please,' he pleaded.
"I'm sorry, Will. I really need you to stay here. Please don't make me feel guilty. Do this for me," I looked into Will's eyes begging him to understand. I could see a flicker of disappointment in his eyes, he started to speak, stopped himself, and told me that he would stay if that's what I needed. I hugged him tightly and kissed him on the cheek.
"I'd better go to bed and get some rest. Would you do me a favor and set your alarm for five? If I'm not up, please wake me," I started packing again.
"Sure. Good night," he kissed me on the gently on the lips and left the room.
I felt really guilty about not taking Will, but I justified my decision by telling myself that it would have been unfair to him. It would give him false hope that we would be together as a couple. Driving with him halfway across the country with me to deal with my sister's murder seemed a little too close to comfort. It seemed more like something a husband would do or a very serious boyfriend. I told myself that someday soon he would see we were just not right for each other.
The next morning I got up bright and early and packed my car. After saying a quick and tearful good-bye to Will and all the animals, I jumped in my car and sped off trying extremely hard not to look back. Of course I sneaked a peak and saw him standing pitifully staring after me. He looked so sad that I almost changed my mind. The next time I looked, he had his back turned and was walking back toward the house. I missed him already.

Chapter Six
Andy
Andy's mother died when she was only three years old. Andy's mom, Christina Miller, died by accident. It was the kind of accident you hear about every day. You may think to yourself how sad it is, but then you go on with your day and most likely never think of it again. Andy's mother was crossing the street and got hit by a car. She was only twenty-two years old. Andy never knew her father.
Even though Andy was so young when her mother died, she remembered her vividly.
Her mother was a petite pretty blonde with blue eyes that sparkled when she laughed.
Her smile came easily, especially when she saw her daughter. The news of her pregnancy was unexpected and unwanted, but she decided to keep the baby. She desperately wanted someone to love and someone to love her.
It wasn't easy being a single mother, but Christina loved being a mother. She wished she had someone to help her, but she never regretted having Andy for even a moment.
She worked hard and made decent money. They didn't have anything extra, but what they had was enough.
When Christina found out she was pregnant at nineteen, she rushed to her mother for help. Her mother was horrified. She told Christina that if she didn't have an abortion, she never wanted to see her again. Her father wouldn't even look at her anymore. She took all the money she had saved from summer jobs and left in the middle of the night.
She never saw or heard from her parents again.
She went to her boyfriend's house and asked for his help. She even hoped he would be thrilled with the news and want to get married. He told her that she should listen to her parents and have an abortion.
With nowhere else to go, Christina went to church and asked her minister for help.
He took her in to live with his family until she found a job. Christina had planned on attending college. She had dreamed of being a nurse or a doctor. Determined to make a good life for herself and her daughter, she worked nights as a waitress while an elderly neighbor took care of Andy. Childcare was available on campus while she went to class.
Things were going well for them.
Every night when she came home from work, she would sneak into Andy's room and kiss her on the cheek. "Good night, baby girl. I love you," she would say before going to bed. Andy swore she could remember her mother's voice and the feel of her kiss on her cheek.
Andy had one picture of her mother and her together. Christina was sitting on a swing with Andy sitting on her lap. Andy had her face tilted up to Christina. She was smiling widely. Anyone could see the happiness and love in her eyes. Christina was looked down at her girl smiling. They looked so happy together. Andy had framed the picture and kept it on the nightstand by her bed.
Andy longed for her mother. She was too young to understand what had happened.
She kept waiting for her mother to come home to her. It was years before she understood her mother would never come home.
After Andy's mother died, she went to live with the only relatives willing to take her.
She was taken in by her great aunt and uncle, Jerry and Martha Thompson. Jerry and Martha never had any children and honestly didn't want any. They didn't like children.
They believed children were loud and destructive. Jerry and Martha took Andy in only out of obligation. The believed they were Christians, and it was the Christian thing to do.
Her great aunt and uncle were not affectionate people. Andy was never kissed or hugged.
The only affection she received was an occasional pat on the shoulder from her uncle and her aunt held her hand when crossing the street.
In the beginning, Andy cried constantly for her mother, but as the days passed the crying eventually stopped. Even though she stopped crying, she never stopped thinking about her mother. She grew accustomed to her aunt and uncle's ways, but she craved affection.
When Andy started kindergarten two years later, she was a very shy, scared little girl.
She was afraid of the other children. During recess she would sit quietly in the corner holding her favorite doll. Whenever one of the other children asked her to play, she shook her head no.
It was in kindergarten that I met Andy. I couldn't help but notice that while all the other children were playing and having fun, the pretty little blonde girl sat in the corner looking sad. I thought the little girl looked like she was trying not to cry, and I felt sorry for her. Ever day I walked over to Andy and asked her to play. For three weeks, Andy shook her head no. Then one day, I was surprised that Andy said, "Okay" when I asked her to play.
"Great!" I almost screamed. I took the little girl's hand and led her over to the other kids and they started playing. By the end of the day, we had formed a close bond.
"Let's be best friends forever," I said looking hopefully at Andy.
"Okay," said Andy feeling happy for the first time in years.
Before leaving, I gave Andy a hug. Andy clung to me and didn't want to let go. After that day, we were inseparable. Andy finally had someone to love her. She felt my love had saved her.
As time passed, Andy and I became more than friends. We became sisters. Andy started spending more and more time with me and my family. My parents, James and Betty Wallace didn't mind. They had always wanted a huge family with lots of children.
After having a difficult pregnancy while carrying me, my mother was told she could not have any more children. She was devastated, but she threw herself into being a wonderful wife and mother. Brady was a total surprise. My mother's looks were quite deceiving. She was a petite blonde, but she was very strong. My dad was well over six foot, but he joked that he had to stay on her good side. He said in a fight, he was sure she would win.
My parents welcomed Andy into their home with open arms. Andy received all of the love and affection she craved. Soon Andy started calling them Mom and Dad. They didn't mind one bit. They loved the little girl as if she were their own. Andy began spending more and more time at our farm. She didn't want to go home. We loved riding horses together. She even thought of one of the horses as her own. We rode across fields together, jumping over streams, and having the time of our lives. However, it wasn't the horses that Andy loved the most. It was the old white two story farmhouse and the family who lived in it. When she turned thirteen, she asked my parents if she could live with us. They talked it over and decided they wanted Andy to be a permanent part of our family. In truth, she already was a very important part of the family.
Mom and Dad met with Andy's aunt and uncle to talk them into letting them adopt Andy. To their amazement, Andy's aunt and uncle readily agreed. They acted like they couldn't wait to get rid of her. They were happy to have the burden lifted from them.
My parents were shocked. They couldn't imagine why anyone would give away such a sweet beautiful child. They were happy and sad at the same time. Later that day, they took Andy back to pack her things and say good bye to her aunt and uncle. Andy packed her things quickly but took care in wrapping the picture of her mother. She said good bye to her aunt and uncle. They said good bye, but didn't even hug the girl. Betty felt a surge of anger, but controlled herself for Andy. The important thing was that they had Andy now. She would finally belong to a family.
Andy was given the room next to mine. It was a big sunny room with huge windows and high ceilings. My mother and I spent the day before Andy moved in painting the walls Andy's favorite color-blue. Mom made and blue and white quilt for Andy's bed.
Andy loved it. She cried when she saw her room, and she gave us each a hug. The first thing Andy did to her room was to place the picture of her and her mom on her bedside table. That evening as she laid in her bed, she spoke to her mother and explained that even though she called Betty Mom, she would never forget her mother. She new her mother would understand. She waited patiently for her new Mom and Dad to come and kiss her good night.
When Andy decided to move to Maryland a year ago, I was devastated. I tried so hard to hold back tears as Andy explained what she planned to do. Andy had applied months before for a job taking pictures of Baltimore for a campaign to attract tourism. Andy didn't tell me she had applied for the job. She knew I would be upset, but she had to get away. She only told me of her plans once she was offered and had accepted the job.
I knew Andy was having a hard time since our parents died, but I thought it was just natural for her to be sad. When she told me she was leaving, she begged me to understand. Andy had been so strong for me when they died that I was determined to be strong for her. Of course I cried, but I told her that I understood and just wanted her to be happy. This was mostly true. To some degree I did understand, but I selfishly wanted her to stay. I hoped it would be good for her to be away for awhile, and she would eventually want to move back.
Trying to make the best of things, I offered to take some time off work and drive out with Andy to find a place to rent. I was shocked and saddened to hear that she wanted to buy a house. Buying a home seemed so permanent. I was afraid she would never move back to Indiana. When our parents died, we inherited the farm which consisted of the house and three hundred acres and quite a large amount of money from several life insurance policies. Everything was left equally to us. Andy planned on using some of her inheritance to buy her house. I used part of mine to buy the shop. Since Andy loved the farm, she wanted to buy a home in the country that was close enough to Baltimore to drive to work.
Together we tearfully packed Andy's clothes and most of her belongings. Andy was so excited about her new life that I felt excited for her. We loaded up her truck, a trailer, and headed east. We stayed at a beautiful hotel in Baltimore's Inner Harbor while we scanned local papers looking for a house. We contacted a local realtor and after searching for a few days, we found a place that sounded perfect.
Andy knew she had found her dream home. It was located in the country near a small town called Sykesville. It was situated down a winding, tree lined lane that led to a large sunny yard filled with all kinds of flowers. The house was an adorable cottage freshly pained light blue with black shutters. It had two stories and a large front porch with a porch swing. "Can't you just see me in this house?" she exclaimed. Honestly, I could.
She fell in love immediately and within days the house was hers.
I hated to admit it, but it really was perfect. The house was actually quite a bit larger inside than it appeared. There were beautiful wood floors throughout the house.
Upstairs was a large master bedroom and two tiny bedrooms. The master bedroom had its own adjoining bath. The bathroom had blue tile on the floors and walls and a claw foot tub. Andy could picture herself soaking in the bathtub to relax. Downstairs was a large living room with a stone fireplace, a sunny yellow kitchen, a dining room, and a recently added powder room. It had everything Andy needed.
Soon after she moved in, Andy discovered she would not be living alone. While we were unpacking some plates in the kitchen, we heard scratching and meowing at the back door. When Andy opened the door, in ran a very thin but large orange striped tomcat. Andy was so thrilled. She immediately snatched him up and named him Tom.
She checked with the neighbors to see if anyone was missing a scrawny tomcat, but no one claimed him. She went out and bought all kinds of cat supplies and claimed him as her own.
Over the next week, we spend our days shopping to furnish and decorate Andy's new home. It was so much fun! Andy loved pottery barn and was delighted to find a store in Maryland. We made a daytrip to the store where Andy found some beautiful furniture and bedding. All were blue of course. We also found some beautiful wool rugs to scatter through the house. Andy hung pictures she had taken all over the house. Most were of our family and our farm. She said it was like bringing Indiana with her. By the time the week was over, Andy had made the house her own. I dreading returning to Indiana without Andy. The farmhouse seemed so lonely. Now I dreaded returning to her home in Maryland without her. It would be horrible to see the house Andy had put so much love in empty. It was there in the place she loved so much that she had died. The thought was unbearable.

Chapter Seven
I drove straight to Maryland, only stopping for a few minutes to get gas and coffee- lots and lots of coffee. After thirteen hours on the road and what seemed like a millions cups of coffee, I crossed the Maryland state line. At nine o'clock in the evening, feeling tired and irritable I arrived at my cousin Paul's house.
Paul lived deep in the woods of western Maryland. I drove past his mailbox several times before seeing it. He is my favorite cousin and the only relative I stay in touch with.
Paul lives in his mother's house which is located next to the Patapsco State Park. The house is a gorgeous gray Victorian with a wrap around porch. While Paul's mother lived in the house, the inside was hideous. She had the tackiest furniture I had ever seen. The living room furniture was orange and brown striped and was covered in plastic that made embarrassing noises when you sat on it. I always dreaded visiting. I loved seeing Paul, but Aunt Ellen scared me. After his mother went to live in a retirement center, Paul tastefully redecorated the house with antiques. Now it was beautiful inside and out.
As soon as I pulled up in front of the house, Paul ran out to meet me. Every time I see Paul, I am struck by his beauty. He is not a handsome man, he is a beautiful man. He has dark wavy blonde hair that he keeps exquisitely styled and gorgeous gray eyes. He is well over six foot tall and slender with a muscular athletic build. His gray eyes change color depending on his mood. He gave me a warm hug and looked at me sadly.
"How are you holding up? I've been so worried about you. I wish you would have let me take care of things. I think it is going to be too hard on you."
"I appreciate the offer, but I have to do this for Andy as well as myself," he said sympathetically.
"I understand. Feel free to stay here as long as you want. It has been so long since I've seen you. I've missed you. Come on, lets go inside. It is freezing out here. Besides you're going to need your sleep if you're going to visit Mom tomorrow," Paul teased.
"Oh, Paul. That's not even funny," but I couldn't help smiling. Paul knew how much I couldn't stand his mother. The funny part was that he didn't blame me.
Once inside, Paul asked me if I was hungry or if I wanted a drink. I felt really anxious and wired. I asked him for a beer.
"You're my kind of girl," he said laughing.
We sat down in the living room and talked while I drank my beer. Feeling really grimy from the long drive, I told Paul that I needed to take a bath. He led me upstairs to a beautifully decorated bedroom. In the center of the room was a queen size mahogany bed covered with a forest green comforter with a matching pillow and a light green bed skirt.
Paul crossed the room and opened the door to the bathroom. He opened a door in the bathroom to show me a fully stocked closet full of towels and toiletries. He leaned over and kissed me on the forehead.
"I'm going to turn in. If you need anything, don't hesitate to knock on my door. It's the last door down the hall on the right." With that he left the room.
After a long, hot shower I called Will. He picked the phone up immediately. I have to admit I really missed him. However, he started getting on my nerves by suggesting that he fly out and help me.
"Will, we already talked about this," I said feeling annoyed and irritable.
"I know, Emma. I think you should let me come out. This isn't something you should be doing on your own," he went on.
"I'm going to go now, Will. I'm exhausted, and I didn't call to argue with you. I just wanted to let you know I was okay. I actually missed you until you started talking," I said smartly.
"I'm sorry. I just really want to be there with you. I miss you," he said.
"I miss you, too. I'm going to go now. I really need to go to bed."
" Okay. I'll talk to you tomorrow. I love you," he said sweetly.
"Good night. Talk to you tomorrow," I said and hung up. I felt guilty for not saying I love you, too. I did love Will, but I didn't want to give him the wrong idea.
I pulled back the comforter and laid down. It was heavenly. I swear it was the most comfortable bed I had ever slept on. I'm sure it didn't hurt that I was dead tired, but it felt so good. For the first time since I heard about Andy's death, my sleep was not disturbed by nightmares. I fell asleep almost immediately.
I woke up late the next morning, around ten and immediately smelled one of my favorite smells. It had to be french toast. Mourning Andy's death did not curb my appetite. If anything, I was hungrier. I threw on my robe and hurried downstairs. I found Paul standing at the stove watching a pan full of french toast.
"I hope you still like french toast," Paul said as he flipped a piece over.
"Who doesn't? It is one of my favorites," I answered. My mouth was already starting to water as I took a seat at the table.
Paul worked diligently preparing breakfast and before I knew it, I had french toast, bacon, fresh squeezed orange juice, and strawberries placed in front of me.
"My God, Paul! There is no way I can eat all this," I said as I grabbled one of everything and filled my plate.
"Yeah, right. I've seen you eat before and this is nothing. Just leave some for me," he kidded.
I started to protest but why bother. It was true. "You'll make someone a great wife," I said with my mouth full.
"Thanks. We're having company. I friend of mine is stopping by."
"Well, who is it?" I asked as I started to cut a piece of toast.
"Wait!" Paul shrieked startling me.
"What?" I shouted back at him.
He turned and sprinkled some powdered sugar on my toast.
"Paul, you may seriously want to start taking some medication. You just about scared me to death over powdered sugar. Why the hell don't you just get married and get it over with? Any woman would love all this domesticity."
"Last time I checked you were a woman."
"You know what I mean. You're not getting any younger. Don't you want a family?"
"Hey, you should talk. You're divorced now. Don't you want to have some kids?
You know I'm only a few years older than you," "Okay, let's call a truce. I'm too stressed to argue. Are you taking me to Andy's this morning?"
"I am so sorry, Emma," he said sincerely. "I have to be in court today. If there was any way I could go with you I would, but I just can't. Could you wait until tomorrow?"
"I don't mind going alone. There's no way I can wait. I would go crazy waiting around all day. I have to go today," I told him. My voice was starting to rise.
"Calm down. I figured you would insist on going, but you're not going alone. My friend is coming by to go with you."
"Oh, Paul. A babysitter? You've got to be kidding," I said disgusted.
"Sorry, but there's no way around it. Andy's house is a crime scene. You can't just waltz in there by yourself."
"What makes your friend so special that the police don't mind him just waltzing in?" I asked snidely. I knew I was being a brat, but I couldn't help myself.
"He's a detective who is doing this as a favor to me. He was one of the first on the scene after Andy's body was discovered. He is one of my best friends. He is a really nice guy, so please go easy on him."
I ignored his last comment and focused on my food. I was busy stuffing my face with my fourth piece of french toast when the doorbell rang.
"I'll be right back. That's probably Mark. Try to not eat the table while I'm gone."
Paul went to answer the door.
Suddenly I felt self conscience of my appearance. Did I look as bad as I imagined? I thought of how I usually look in the morning when I see my reflection, and I was horrified. Then, I looked down at my flannel granny night gown, flannel robe, and furry slippers. I reached up and tried to smooth down my hair which I imagine looked like a mohawk.
"It is probably some old, fat cop anyway," I told myself as Paul walked in with detective Mark Thomas.
He was definitely not old or fat. He was around five ten with a trim athletic build and very handsome in a dark, rugged way. His short, neatly trimmed black hair was beginning to show signs of gray. I guessed his age at approximately forty.
Mark reached out and shook my hand warmly. He smiled and we exchanged pleasantries. He was dressed in jeans, a blue oxford Ralph Lauren shirt, and a black leather jacket.
"It is great to finally meet you. Paul talks about you all the time. I'm so sorry about your sister," he said sincerely.
"Thank you," I said as my heart ached at the thought of Andy.
Mark poured himself a cup of orange juice and sat down next to me at the table. It was obvious he was very much at home in Paul's house. I felt very uncomfortable with Mark sitting next to me. Every once in awhile he would glance at me and smile. Feeling embarrassed at my granny nightgown, flannel robe, and how I looked first thing in the morning, I excused herself to go upstairs and get dressed.
I ran upstairs and went into the bathroom and looked in the mirror. It was even worse than I imagined. My hair was a mess. A huge matted knot was on the top of my head .
This was in large part due to going to bed with my hair wet. I brushed and brushed my hair until all the knots were out. I let it loosely fall on my shoulders. This was a huge improvement. As I put on blush and lipstick, I felt a twang of guilt. Guilt for thinking of my appearance at a time like this and guilt for being interested in Mark. I thought of poor sweet Will dying to be with me, and I started to really feel like crap so I pushed Will out of my mind. I looked through my suitcase and found a pair of jeans and a soft grey turtleneck sweater. I got dressed and surveyed myself in the mirror. "Not too bad," I thought out loud.
I am almost six foot tall myself, so I figured I'd better wear flat boots. I didn't want Mark to think I was a giant. I smiled as I thought of him. Besides Will, Mark was the only man in years who had excited me in years. I welcomed the distraction of anything that prevented me from thinking about Andy and Will. I glanced outside and noticed it was snowing. I pulled out a pair of black leather boots from my suitcase and slipped them on. Then, I hurried downstairs.
Ever since I was in grade school, I had felt gawky and ugly. It didn't help that I towered over all the boys in my class. Now, I knew I was attractive, but sometimes when I look in the mirror I still see that same gawky kid from school.
As I was walking down the steps I heard Paul and Mark talking. I stopped before I got to the kitchen and listened.
"You failed to mention your cousin is gorgeous," said Mark.
"Don't get any ideas. No offense, but you are way too old for her. How old are you anyway? Fifty?" teased Paul.
"I'm only forty-five," said Mark defensively.
"Well, she doesn't need you anyway. She has a young stud at home waiting for her.
She doesn't need you, gramps," my sweet cousin Paul went on.
I had to stop the direction this conversation was heading so I hurried into the room.
Paul was laughing as I walked in and Mark looked irritated. Mark turned and looked at me appreciatively. I hate to brag, but he couldn't take his eyes off me. He must have realized he was staring and turned his attention toward Paul.
Paul smiled smugly and said, "Oh, Cuz. I forgot to tell you Will called, twice." He was enjoying this all a little too much.
"Thanks, I'll call him later," I said dismissively. I didn't want Mark to get the wrong idea.
"Paul, do you have any idea what the road conditions are like out towards Sykesville?
I'm not sure my car will make it if it's bad. It doesn't have four wheel drive," said Mark.
"We can take mine. As long as it's not a blizzard, we should be okay," I offered.
"That would be great!" Mark said enthusiastically.
"On one condition," I added. "You drive. It makes me nervous to drive on roads I'm not familiar with."
"Sure," said Mark smiling. He had a really nice smile.
"Don't worry, Paul. She's in good hands," said Mark as he ushered me outside. I saw Paul standing at the door laughing as we left. I'm not sure what he found so funny. It really irritated me.

Chapter Eight
"Wow, what a cool truck," Mark said excitedly. He was acting like a child at Christmas.
"Oh, brother. You men and your cars and trucks. Go ahead and get in. I hope you brought a warmer coat. It is freezing out here." I shivered.
"I got one in the car. I'll be right back," he said and he ran to his car. Okay, I'll admit it. I may have glanced for a second at his butt.
We talked easily as Mark skillfully maneuvered my truck through the slick snow covered country roads. I was impressed with his driving and told him.
"Thanks. I'm in the car most of the time, so I'm used to driving in all kinds of weather," he said as he slid on a patch of ice. We laughed and continued down the slick country roads.
When Mark announced we were only about ten minutes from Andy's house, I started feeling nauseous. The road looked familiar. It was the same one I had traveled down a year earlier with Andy. Poor Andy. She was so full of hopes and dreams at that time.
She had no idea what was going to happen to her. I tried desperately to think of something else besides Andy.
Even with four wheel drive, we had a hard time getting down the driveway. Andy's little red pickup stood alone in the driveway right where Andy had left it. It was piled high with snow. It broke my heart to see it.
"Are you okay?" Mark asked. "We can go back if you aren't ready for this."
"I'll be okay," I lied and got out. I took a couple deep breaths and headed toward the house. I had to do this for Andy. I just couldn't let someone else go through her things, not even Paul. Andy would have done it for me. I was sure of it.
"Be careful," Mark warned. The front steps were slick with ice. "Believe it or not but yesterday it was over forty degrees and all the snow started melting. It has been over twenty since last night. Everything is covered in a sheet of ice."
Mark carefully navigated himself up the steps and safely onto the covered porch.
"Show off," I teased as I looked doubtfully at the steps.
"Here grab my hand, and I'll pull you up," Mark said as he carefully stepped on the top step and reached out to me.
As I grabbed his hand, I felt his strength. I know that sounds corny, but it's true. Will was always so vulnerable. I didn't see any vulnerability in Mark, and it made him very attractive. Okay, he was attractive anyway, but now he was gorgeous. I looked into his brown eyes and smiled. I was glad he was with me. He made me feel safe. He pulled me up easily beside him. As he started to open the door, I felt myself tense. I was afraid what I might see. I wondered if there would be blood where Andy was killed.
As if reading my mind, Mark gently touched my arm and said, "Don't worry. It will be okay. I'm here with you."
"Thank you," I said and squeezed his hand.
Mark opened the door, and we stepped inside. Memories flooded back. Everything was exactly as I remembered. The beautiful rugs we picked out were still in place. I could picture Andy walking through the door at any moment. I was suppose to visit her in the fall, but I told her I was too busy. Busy with what I'm not sure. I felt really guilty.
I wished so much that I would have visited her. Now it was too late. Everything that was left of Andy was in her home. She had put so much of herself in her home that I could swear I felt her presence.
Feeling that I might need some time to myself, Mark excused himself and went to get some boxes. He put them in the living room and went upstairs.
"Yell, if you need me," he said as he went up the steps.
I started pacing, not sure where to start. Noticing the cat bowls in the kitchen, I called for Tom. I had forgotten all about Andy's cat. I started to feel anxious. I hoped nothing happened to the scrawny orange cat.
"Here, kitty, kitty. Where are you, Tom? Come here, Tom," I called walking from room to room.
In a couple minutes, I heard heavy little feet coming from the living room. He certainly wasn't scrawny anymore. I picked him up and rubbed his thick fur. He purred loudly in appreciation.
"I'll bet you miss her, too," I whispered and scratched the side of his head. I wondered who had been taking care of him. His food and water bowl were full.
Perhaps one of the police had left some food for him. Maybe even Mark had fed him.
I'd have to buy a pet carrier and take him home with me. He would love the farm, especially Here Kitty. Sandy would like him, too. She was so gentle that she wouldn't hurt him. I sat him down on the floor. Irritated that I stopped petting him, he took a swat at me and walked away.
"Great, a cat with an attitude," I said and walked back into the living room. I looked at all the photographs on the wall surrounding the fireplace. There must have been over thirty of them. They were of all different sizes. Some were black and white. Others were in color. Most were of us, Brady, and our parents. There was one of me and Andy sitting together on the porch swing at the farmhouse. We were around fifteen years old. Our father had taken the picture. I remembered the day like it was yesterday. We were so happy. All the others Andy had taken.
When Andy was thirteen, she got her first camera. It had been a Christmas present from our parents. Ever since that day, she had taken pictures constantly. It was rare to see Andy without her camera. The pictures of our parents and Brady brought tears to my eyes. They were smiling so brightly, so happy, so much in love. They had no idea they would die so young. I would give anything to have them all back. I missed them so much. I knew I had to be strong and go on, but I wasn't sure I knew how.
I took a big box over to the fireplace and started filling it with pictures. I was going to take them home and hang them all around the house. I figured that way Andy would always be with me.
"That's strange," I said as I noticed a space between two pictures. There was a small hole where a nail had been. A picture was missing. I wondered if the missing picture had something to do with Andy's murder. I told myself I was being crazy. It could have fallen down and Andy just didn't have a chance to hang it back up. However, I didn't see any pictures lying around waiting to be hung back up. I decided to not dwell on it any longer and put the rest of the pictures in the box.
Next, I went upstairs to Andy's bedroom. On the way, I walked past the guest room and heard loud snoring. I peeked through the crack of the door and saw Mark stretched out on the bed. He was sleeping soundly.
"I'm glad someone can sleep," I whispered and tiptoed down the hallway to Andy's room. When I walked into her room, the first thing I noticed was the picture of Andy and her mother on the bedside table. I carefully wrapped the picture in some tissue paper and put it in a box. I couldn't look at it for more than a few minutes. It was too painful.
Fighting back tears, I focused on what to look through next. The blue comforter on the bed looked rumpled, as if someone had been laying on it. Everything else appeared to be in its place. Whoever killed Andy wasn't interested in robbing her. They only wanted to kill her. I had a feeling it was personal. I couldn't imagine that anyone who knew Andy could kill her, but there was no other explanation. Andy had some really nice electronics and all were left untouched.
I spent hours in Andy's bedroom going through her things. I found her checkbook and savings passbook in one of her drawers. Except for the money she used to buy the house, her inheritance was still there. There was a substantial amount deposited every few weeks into her checking. I figured it must be her earnings. All the usual checks were written for utilities, food, gas, etc. I was proud of how well Andy was handling her affairs. I wasn't really surprised. She had always been talented and level headed.
After I was done in the bedroom, I went into her bathroom to splash some water on my face. I was drained physically and mentally. I had been fighting back tears all day.
When I found Andy's favorite sweatshirt, I almost lost it. I hugged the red and white Indiana University sweatshirt before putting it in a box. I splashed some cold water on my face and looked for a towel. I was searching for a hand towel under the sink when I noticed something behind the wastebasket. I picked it up and was shocked to discover it was a condom wrapper. I didn't even know Andy was seeing someone. She usually told me about men she was dating. Men were her weakness. She had many boyfriends before moving to Maryland. If a man was good looking and charming, she lost all common sense. She was so pretty and vibrant that they couldn't help but notice her. I wondered if who she had been seeing could have killed her.
Just as I was congratulating myself for perhaps finding some evidence, there was a knock at the bathroom door. I jumped.
"Can I come in?" came Mark's deep voice, husky from just waking up.
"Of course."
I was sitting on the edge of the bathtub, holding the condom wrapper.
"I don't know what you had in mind, but I'm not that easy," he said yawning.
I ignored that and handed him the wrapper. "I found it behind the wastepaper basket.
Do you think it could be evidence?"
"It very well could be. It helps to prove what we've been thinking all along. We wondered if Andy was seeing someone and if whoever she was seeing killed her. We knew it wasn't a stranger. Whoever killed her let himself in before she got home. He came in and disarmed the alarm. He knew the code. Then, he set the alarm when he left.
The alarm was on when Andy was found. He must have been there waiting for her when she came home. She had called the police several times complaining that someone was harassing her. Someone would call her and she would hear screaming. She received several threatening notes. No one took her seriously. Well, except for me. I could tell she was scared. I could hear the fear in her voice when she told me about the threats.
I'm the one who suggested she get the alarm. We didn't know that the person who was stalking her was someone she knew. He's one sick son of a bitch. That's for sure. I'll take this in tomorrow. Maybe we'll get lucky and it will have his fingerprints on it."
I didn't say anything. I really didn't know what to say. It was all too much. I couldn't believe all of this was going on in Andy's life, and she didn't say anything to me. I couldn't imagine why she hadn't confided in me. Maybe she didn't want to worry me or maybe she knew I would tell her to come back to Indiana.
Mark must have felt horrible seeing how sad and hopeless I felt. I know he didn't want to tell me what he told me next.
"Emma, I have some bad news," he said.
"My God, Mark! More bad news?" I said exasperated. I tried to not panic.
"I don't know if you've looked outside lately, but it has been snowing ever since we've been here, and we're snowed in. There's no way we can get back tonight. I'm sorry, Emma."
That was the last straw. I would like to say that I told Mark it was okay, and I made the best of it. However, I fell apart miserably. I cried like a baby. I put my hands over my face and let the tears fall.
"I have to stay where hear? Where Andy was murdered?" I blubbered.
"Emma, I'm so sorry. Maybe if I hadn't slept so long, we could've went back. It will be okay. I'm here with you. Please don't cry." He pulled my hands from my face and wiped the tears away with his fingers. He took the hand towel from the towel rack and wet it with cool water. He gently wiped off my face.
"Come on. You have to be starving. Come downstairs and I'll fix us something to eat." He took my hand and helped me to my feet. I shivered as we walked downstairs.

Chapter Nine
"I really don't think I'll be able to eat anything," I told Mark as we entered the kitchen. The kitchen was pitch black. I hung back by the door suddenly feeling anxious.
"Let's get some light in here," Mark said as he switched the light on illuminating the kitchen. "I can't believe it's after six. You might not feel hungry, but you should eat something anyway. You need to keep your strength up. At least that's what my mom always tells me."
I sat down at the kitchen table and looked out the window onto the backyard. Even though it was almost dark, I could see from the light in the backyard that the snow was still falling steadily. I wondered how long we would be stranded at Andy's house. Mark busied himself looking through the cabinets and refrigerator for something to eat.
"Do you like spaghetti?" he asked hopefully, holding up a jar of spaghetti sauce and a box of spaghetti.
"Doesn't everyone?" I answered without an ounce of enthusiasm. I knew I should try and make an effort to be less pathetic, but what did he expect. I knew he wasn't going to let up until I ate something. It might as well be spaghetti. I would try to choke down a few bites for Mark's sake.
Suddenly I thought of Paul. I didn't think he would be home yet, but I knew I should leave him a message. He would worry if he came home and I wasn't there. I looked around for the phone. I had left my cell phone in the living room in my coat pocket.
Andy had a portable phone that she carried around the house with her. I knew she was always misplacing it.
"Have you seen the phone anywhere? I should call Paul."
"It's strange, but we couldn't find it. We noticed the base in here, but we never found the phone. You're welcome to use my cell phone. It's in my coat pocket on the living room sofa."
"Mine's in there, too. I was just being lazy. I'll be right back." I went into the living room and searched for the my coat. Finally I found it. I quickly grabbed my coat and walked closer to the kitchen. Now that it was dark, I didn't like the thought of being alone. I noticed that Will had called five times. I promised myself to call him after we ate. I left Paul a quick message and put the phone in my jean pocket.
I felt like running back to the kitchen. I told myself I was being silly. Whoever killed Andy was long gone. There was no reason for him to come back. Therefore, there was no reason for me to be afraid. Besides, I had Mark to protect me. If I had to be stuck with someone, Mark wasn't so bad. Oh, and he had a gun. I was hoping that was a good thing.
When I went back into the kitchen, dinner was already on the table. I hated to admit it, but it looked really good. I felt guilty that I was so hungry. Shouldn't someone whose sister was just murdered lose their appetite, especially in the same house she was murdered in. Well, Mark went through a lot of trouble. It was only polite to eat.
Ashamed of myself, I even had seconds.
"Paul said you were a good eater," Mark smiled at me trying not to laugh.
"It sounds like you're talking about a cow. Remind me to thank my dear cousin for that compliment." I finished the last string of spaghetti with a slurp.
While we were eating, we talked easily. I learned that Mark had been married once about ten years ago, no kids, and he was now divorced. He also mentioned he wasn't seeing anyone now. I was surprised that this piece of information pleased me quite a bit. He asked me if I was seeing anyone.
"Not really," I wasn't sure how to explain Will.
"What does not really mean?" he asked smiling.
"It is complicated," I answered.
"It always is," he said smiling.
I changed the subject, and we talked about our jobs. As we talked, I worried about the storm outside. I could hear the wind howling. I hoped we would be able to leave in the morning, but I had my doubts. Something rubbed against my leg under the table and made me jump.
"What's wrong?" Mark asked as Tom ran out from under the table.
"I guess I'm just a little jumpy. I'm trying not to think about it, but staying here at night is a nightmare. I know this is going to sound strange, but can you tell me anything about Andy's death? Please, I need to know. Even if it's horrible. What I'm imagining is probably a lot worse." I pleaded with him.
He could tell by the look on my face that he wouldn't be able to put me off. He knew I would keep hounding him until he told me. It was odd. Sometimes family didn't want to know any details about a loved one's death. Other times they wanted to know everything.
"Come on. Let's go into the living room and at least be comfortable. I'll do the dishes later. I'll tell you what I can without compromising the investigation." Mark put our dishes in the sink and followed me into the living room. We sat on opposite sides of the blue and white overstuffed sofa. I turned to face Mark and slid my legs under me. I took the blanket from the back of the sofa and wrapped it around me. Suddenly, I felt very cold.
"Well," Mark began, "from what we know, she came home late Friday night. We believe that whoever killed her was here already, waiting for her to come home. It had to be someone she knew. He or she would have had to know her alarm code. We checked with the security company and the alarm never went off. When we found Andy, the alarm was set. The son of a bitch killed her and reset the alarm on his way out. Poor Andy. She didn't stand a chance. He would have been standing behind her when he killed her. One thing we are sure of is that she died very quickly. I don't know if she even realized what was happening. Probably not. Andy had an early dinner with a friend from work. A woman who lives in Baltimore. She is a very nice lady. She's married and has a couple kids. She hit it off with Andy as soon as they met. She asked Andy to give her a call when she got home. She knew Andy was planning on taking some pictures in the city after dinner, and she was worried about Andy because of the bad weather coming.
When she didn't hear from her the next day, she called the police. She had called Andy all morning. She's heartbroken. She knew about the calls and letters Andy was getting. The lady is a wreck. She is blaming herself for Andy's death. So, that's about it. I probably told you a lot more than I should have, but I hope it helps."
"Do you really believe she didn't suffer long?" I asked, trying to take it all in.
"Yes," he answered. I wasn't sure if he was telling me the truth, but I was pretty sure he was trying to lessen my pain.
"Thank you, Mark. I appreciate you telling me. I really do, but I'd better try and get some sleep." I hurried upstairs, hoping he didn't see the tears in my eyes.

Chapter Ten
After being in court all day, Paul was anxious to get home and see how Emma's day went. He was so busy during the day that he didn't have a chance to call. He had one stop to make on the way home. It was his mother's seventy-fifth birthday. He drove slowly toward the Oakcrest Nursing Home. He stopped on the way at a flower shop and picked up a beautiful bouquet of pink roses, his mother's favorite. He knew he'd never hear the end of it if he showed up empty handed on her birthday. Even though pink roses were her favorite, he knew she would never admit that she liked them. She always pretended she didn't like anything, but he knew better. Paul wasn't even sure why he bothered visiting her at all. It wasn't out of love. Perhaps out of duty or obligation, but certainly not love.
It was snowing hard. It would have been a good excuse not to go, but she wouldn't have accepted it. She knew he didn't mind driving in bad weather. In fact, he kind of enjoyed it. It made him feel powerful and fearless. He drove fast but in control. He slid once when he pulled into a parking space in front of the nursing home, but he did it on purpose.
He sat in his car for a few minutes, considering leaving but decided against it. He even thought of leaving the roses with the receptionist. If he did, he knew he would live to regret it. For God's sake, she was terminally ill. She should have died years ago. Was she going to live forever? Knowing her, she was living out of spite just to make his life miserable. Oh, how he hated her. He could wring her scrawny neck himself.
After waiting about ten minutes, he grabbed the roses and got out of the car. Running blindly through what was surely a blizzard, he entered the front door of the nursing home.
He nodded at the receptionist as he hurried to the elevators. He carefully brushed the snow from his coat as he walked slowly to her suite. He knocked on her door even though he knew she wouldn't answer. It was just a formality. He let himself in and found her sitting in the usual place.
She was sitting in her rocker staring out the window, watching the snow fall or Paul thought maybe she's waiting for hell to freeze over. All Paul could see was the bun on the top of her head peeking over the high back of her rocker.
"Paul, is that you?" came her shrill voice from behind the chair. She always sounded as if she were on the verge of hysteria.
"Yes, Mother." Paul went around the chair to face her.
With the help of several cosmetic surgeries, Ms. Patrice Wallace was still beautiful.
Over seventy, she have easily passed for fifty. She was a petite woman of only five feet two. Always well dressed, she wore a light blue cashmere sweater and matching slacks.
She wore her silver hair up. She had a small oval face. The only thing that took away from her demure appearance was her eyes. Icy blue, they were fiercely cold giving the only hint of her true nature.
Paul stayed only fifteen minutes, and it was unbearable. He hated his mother so much that he could barely stand the sight of her. To sit and make small talk and pretend to care about her was just too much. Before he left, he leaned over and kissed her cold dry cheek. He felt disappointed that she looked so well. She'd never die. He was sure of it.
His bad mood started to vanish as he drove home. He looked forward to going home and visiting with Emma. He had left a couple of nice steaks thawing out in the fridge.
He was going to fix a nice dinner for the two of them. Cooking had always been very relaxing to him, and tonight he really needed to relax. He thought about Emma as he drove. Today must have been hard on her. He wished he could have went with her, but he just couldn't do it. When he got home, he would make it up to her.
As he skillfully drove down the snow covered roads toward his home, he leaned back in his seat and listened to the sound of the windshield wipers against the glass. He never listened to music when he was driving. In fact, he never listened to music. He was one of the few people he knew who hated music. He didn't hate a particular type of music.
He hated all music. Music reminded him of his mother. While he was growing up, she played music constantly. There wasn't a moment when music wasn't being played.
Morning, noon, and night, music was always blaring.
After she became ill and moved into the nursing home, Paul threw out every record, cd, and tape she owned. At the nursing home, she never listened to music. Paul didn't ask why. He was pretty sure she didn't really enjoy listening to music. She had only played it to bother him. Now he could associate every type of music with some horrible painful memory. Music was just one of the many things she had ruined for him.
When Paul noticed Emma's truck was not in the driveway, he became enraged. He ran inside to see if there was a message. Sure enough, there was a message from Emma saying that she was snowbound at Andy's place.
"She has to be out of her mind! There is no way I'm going to let her stay there, of all places!" he screamed as he paced back and forth through the house.

Chapter Eleven
After I watched tv for awhile in Andy's room, I leaned back in her bed and closed my eyes. I didn't dare turn off the lights. I hate to admit it, but I was scared. With the darkness, I was sure horrible images would appear. I wasn't tired. I was absolutely exhausted. I just couldn't sleep. I didn't scare easily, but that's exactly what I was- scared, scared, scared to death. Morning couldn't come quick enough for me.
A year ago I had been in the same room with Andy talking and laughing about the past, dreaming about the future. Now Andy was gone, and I was curled up on her bed waiting for morning to come. How quickly everything had changed. My life fell apart.
My marriage failed, my parents and Brady were dead, and now Andy. I tried not to cry, but once they started, the tears wouldn't stop. I prayed for strength to get through the night.
My phone rang and scared me half to death. I just about jumped out of my skin. I looked at the display and saw that it was Will.
"Hi, Will," I answered, my heart still racing.
"Emma, where have you been? I've been calling all day!" he yelled.
I immediately felt annoyed instead of guilty. "Well, excuse me! I've been kind of preoccupied going through my dead sister's things and now I'm snowbound in the house she was murdered in!" I yelled back.
The was silence for what seemed like an eternity. Then I heard, "I'm sorry. I was just worried. Do you forgive me?" he asked.
"Sure," I said not too convincingly. I really didn't want to forgive him.
"Emma, I am so sorry. I just miss you," his voice got soft.
My heart softened a little. "It's okay, Will. I miss you, too. I'll be home soon," I told him. At that moment I did miss him. I wished we were huddled on the sofa sharing popcorn and brownies.
"Emma, is Paul with you?" he asked. "You didn't go there by yourself, did you?"
"No, Will. A friend of Paul's came with me. I'm fine. He's a policeman," I explained.
"Wait!" he shrieked, "You're there with another man!"
"Will!," I yelled into the phone, "You're an asshole!" I hung up. I couldn't believe him. He truly was an idiot.
I closed my eyes and leaned back on Andy's bed. I tried desperately to think happy thoughts and finally, I fell asleep. A favorite memory settled in my mind. When Andy and I were fourteen years old, our father bought us each our own horse. My horse was as black as coal with a white star on his forehead. I named him Midnight. Andy's horse was white with tiny brown spots all over her body. Andy named her Sparkle. The horses were our birthday presents. Andy's birthday was in May and my birthday is in June so we always celebrated with a big party in between and a little something special on each of our special days. When we saw our horses, we were so excited we could barely contain ourselves. Holding hands, we jumped up and down with excitement, begging to ride our horses. We had been taking riding lessons for over a year and couldn't wait to ride our own horses. Our dad saddled them up and let us go for a ride. It was one of the happiest days for our lives.
We rode our horses together, side by side, once in a while reaching out and almost touching fingertips. We were so happy that day. I could almost see Andy at fourteen, riding smoothly beside me. I turned and looked at Andy. I could almost reach out and touch her. I could hear her laughter. Her beautiful, long blonde hair was flowing behind her. "Andy!" I yelled. Her head started to turn toward me, and just before I could see her face, I woke up.
It took me a moment to realize I had been dreaming and where I was. Once the realization sank in, I started to cry. I wondered when the crying would stop. Probably never I thought as I walked to the bathroom and grabbed a roll of toilet paper from under the sink. I took out my contacts and put them in the case. I took off my jeans and changed into one of Andy's long tee shirts before returning to bed. I crawled under the covers with the roll of toilet paper and dissolved into tears.
Mark must have heard me crying, because soon I heard a soft knock on the door.
"Can I come in?" came Mark's voice all deep and husky from sleep.
When I didn't answer, he came in. He found me buried under the covers sobbing.
He climbed into bed next to me and held me until I fell asleep. I was amazed that I actually slept through the night. When I woke up the next morning, sunlight was streaming through the windows, flooding the room. Mark was standing by the window looking out.
"Hey, it stopped snowing. We may get out of here today. From the looks of it, the road has been plowed. We just have to worry about getting out of the driveway." He smiled at me.
"Mark, there is no way you can see the road from here. I'm with you though. If there's a shovel, we'll dig our way out. There is no way I'm staying here another night.
No offense." I started to get out of bed, but remembered I was just in a tee shirt and felt self conscious.
"None taken." He looked at me quizzically. "I don't know what you are being modest about. We just slept together. It's too late for that now," he teased. "If I remember correctly, there are some shovels in the potting shed, behind the house. I'll meet you out front." He left and shut the door.
I threw back the covers and hurried into the bathroom. I was dying to pee and thought he would never leave.
It took us over two hours to dig enough of the driveway out to make it passable, but we managed. I was so happy to be out of there and on our way back to Paul's. We took Mark's car. I figured Paul could bring me back later to get mine.
Mark looked at me and smiled. "Wow, you must be happy to leave. You are actually smiling."
"I am." I smiled back at him.
"You should do it more often. You have a really pretty smile."
I didn't answer. It was a nice thing for him to say, but it sounded a little too sappy.

Chapter Twelve
I called Paul on our way home, and he was waiting for us when we pulled up. He must have been shoveling all morning, because the steps and driveway were completely cleared. He practically ran down the steps when he saw us. He hugged me tightly and thanked Mark for taking care of me.
"Emma! You are never going to believe who's here!" he exclaimed. I couldn't think of anyone who would be there to see me. Well, when he walked out the front door looking all gorgeous and concerned the shock nearly killed me. I have never seen anyone look so happy to see me.
"Emma!" Will yelled and I received another tight hug and a passionate kiss. I was so surprised by the kiss that I just stood there. I didn't even hear Mark say good bye. Will didn't seem to notice I didn't kiss him back. He draped his arm around me and led me to the house.
I'm not sure why, but I started to feel very angry. In hindsight, it was probably guilt.
By the time we reached the front door, I was furious. I shook his arm from my should and whirled around to face him.
"What the hell are you doing here?" I demanded.
"What do you mean? I came here for you." he said clearly hurt.
"I specifically told you not to come! Who's taking care of the animals?" I asked.
"It's okay. Mr. Wilson's taking care of them. Why are you so angry?" he said and reached for me.
"It's not okay!" I could not stop yelling. I jerked away from him. "I told you I needed to do this by myself. Why can't you let me? Why would you purposely do something I asked you not to?" I glared at him.
It was at this point that I noticed Paul had discreetly disappeared.
"I missed you. I thought you needed me. I just wanted to be here for you. If you don't want me here, just say so!" Will, now also angry, yelled back.
"I did say so! Go home!" I was mentally exhausted. He didn't move.
"Who was the guy?" he asked accusingly.
This stopped me and confused me. "What guy?"
"The man who went with you to Andy's," he said.
"Why are you asking again? I already told you who he was." I asked.
"Are you interested in him?" he asked.
"Will, I don't know. I just met the man. I've told you that you are too young for me.
He's more my own age," I tried to explain.
"I was old enough for you when you slept with me," he said staring at me.
"I was drunk, Will. It never should have happened. It was a mistake," I said, feeling a sinking feeling.
"How can you say that to me? I love you. Don't you love me?" he asked, pleading with me.
At the time, looking into his beautiful eyes, I thought the best thing I could do for him would be to let him go. Even though I knew I loved him with all my heart, I looked into his eyes and told him, "No. I'm sorry. Not like that."
The hurt in his eyes broke my heart. He didn't say anything. He turned around, walked down the front steps and left. I knew when I got home, he would be gone. I went upstairs to my room and cried. I was such an idiot.
After about an hour of sobbing uncontrollably in my room, I went downstairs and spent the rest of the day visiting with Paul. He had the good grace to not mention Will.
Even though I enjoyed his company, I couldn't stop thinking of Will and Mark. I had a hard time concentrating on what Paul was saying.
"Are you sure you're okay?" he asked.
"I'm sorry, Paul. I'm just really tired. I didn't get much sleep last night."
"Why don't you just relax, and I'll make dinner."
He went outside to grill a couple steaks on the patio grill.
"Aren't you freezing?" I asked through the crack in the back door.
Paul, wearing only jeans, sneakers, and a sweater replied, "Are you kidding? I love this weather. It makes me feel alive, exhilarated. Come on out. You'll love it. Have you ever seen such a blue sky? Not a cloud in sight."
I shook my head and grabbed my coat and boots. Slowly I opened the door and went out next to him. I was hoping the heat from the grill would help keep me warm.
"You know you're certifiable, don't you?" I asked.
"Maybe," Paul answered and smiled.
"Smells good. How long before we eat?" I wondered my mouth already watering.
"Just a few minutes. Why don't you go back inside and find something to go with these steaks? Look in the cupboard by the stove."
"My pleasure." I hurried inside and threw off my coat. I quickly looked in the cupboard and was amazed at how well stocked it was. It was filled with jar after jar of every vegetable known to man. I knew Paul had canned all of them. For some strange reason, the movie Psycho came to mind. I closed the cupboard door and looked in the refrigerator. A salad sounded much better than some canned vegetables. Fortunately, Paul's fridge was full of fresh lettuce, tomatoes, cucumbers, and mushrooms.
After a delicious dinner, we went into the living room to have a drink. Suddenly, I was overcome by a terrible headache and excused myself to go to bed. Before laying down, I took a couple motrin. I thought it was probably from stress. After a few minutes, I fell to sleep.
About two in the morning, I woke up with terrible stomach cramps. I ran to the bathroom and stayed there for hours. Plagued by terrible nausea and exhausted, I fell asleep on a towel on the bathroom floor.
Paul woke me up by banging on the bathroom door. He slowly opened the door until it stopped against my body.
"What in the hell happened?" he asked picking me up off the floor. He tried to convince me to let him take me to the emergency room, but I didn't want to go. I assured him it was just the stomach flu. He carried me to the bed and left the room to get some medicine for the nausea. I barely remember thanking him before I drifted off to sleep. I had vague recollections of Paul checking on me, making me drink, but I mostly slept.
For the next three days, I was basically incapacitated. Paul went to pick up Tom for me at Andy's place. He also made arrangements for Andy to be sent back to Indiana. When I finally made it downstairs, three days later, Tom was waiting for me. He ran to me and rubbed against my leg. I petted him for a few minutes before looking for Paul.
I found Paul in the kitchen reading the morning paper.
"It lives!" he exclaimed and pushed out the chair opposite him with his foot.
"Barely," I said as I slowly sat down, still not feeling so great. "How long have I been up in that room?" It seemed like forever.
"Three days. Seriously, I am glad you are feeling better. I was going to make you go to the emergency room if you weren't feeling better today."
"Was it really that long? My God! What about Andy?" I suddenly felt panicked.
"Calm down, Emma. I've taken care of everything. Andy is being flown back to Indiana tomorrow. As soon as you feel up to it, you can head back," he said calmly.
My first instinct was to be mad at Paul, but I knew he was only trying to help. "Thank you, Paul. I really appreciate all you've done, but I'd like to stay until the house is sold.
We're really the only family Andy had left, so I don't see much point in having a funeral.
Andy wanted to be cremated with her ashes scattered over the farm, so that's what I plan to do." I couldn't stop talking. I knew I was starting to ramble on, but I couldn't seem to stop myself. I knew the reason I wanted to stay had nothing to do with Andy's house. I was sure it wouldn't sell for much and didn't care. I didn't want to go home. I was pretty sure Will would be gone, and I couldn't stand the thought of going home to the empty house. I was trying very hard to not think of Will. I thought maybe I would see Mark again. I wanted to see him and staying was the only way I had a chance. I kept telling myself that Mark was perfect for me.
"Has Mark called?" I asked.
"Why would Mark call?" Paul asked suspiciously.
"I just wondered. Did he call?"
"He may have called a couple of times to check on you, but guess who didn't call?"
Paul said irritably.
I ignored the last comment, knowing he meant Will. "I'd like to thank him for his help. Would you give me his number?" He was acting like he was my father and I was starting to feel pissed off.
"I don't think that's necessary," he said peevishly.
"Just leave me the damn number," I said and got up and went to the refrigerator. I poured a small cup of orange juice and decided to have some toast as well.
You have to love our family. Paul paid me no attention and kept reading the paper.
He got up to leave and said, "Well, I have to go to court this morning. I should be home early."
"Paul, thanks for everything," I said sincerely.
He walked past me and ruffled my hair. "Don't mention it."
He left a few minutes later without leaving Mark's number. I peeked out the window and watched him get into his car. I couldn't help but notice the disgusted look on his face. I knew he didn't approve of my interest in Mark, but I didn't care. It almost seemed like he preferred me to like Will. I was going to find Mark's number on my own.
I really didn't need his help.

Chapter Thirteen
While coughing and wiping my nose, I searched the house for Mark's number. I was going through the handsome cherry desk in Paul's study when the phone on his desk rang.
It startled me so bad that I almost dropped the phone when I tried to answer it. My nerves were hanging by a thread.
"Hello," I said my voice shaking. I felt guilty thinking it was probably Paul on the phone.
"Emma, is that you?" It was a deep masculine voice.
"Mark?" I asked, but I was pretty sure I recognized his voice.
"Hey, I just called to see how you were feeling." He sounded pleased that I recognized his voice.
"I'm feeling a lot better. I was just thinking about you. I wanted to thank you for all of your help." I couldn't believe those words had just came out of my mouth. Did I just tell him I had been thinking about him? I felt like smacking myself.
"Is the warden home?" he asked.
"Who? Paul?" I knew automatically that Paul had warned Mark to stay away from me.
"Of course, Paul. He told me that I should stay away from you. He said that you were already in a relationship with the young guy who was here the other day. It was crazy. I felt like a teenager again. I understand that he's worried about you, but he acts like he's your father or at least a crazy uncle."
"I'm so sorry." I apologized, feeling deeply embarrassed.
"There is nothing for you to be sorry about. Anyway, maybe this is out of line, but I wondered if we could spend some time together. I know you'll be leaving soon, so I wondered if you felt up to going out today."
"I'd love to." I was excited about seeing him again.
"Can you be ready in a couple of hours? Say around eleven?"
"Sure. It sounds great." I couldn't think of anything else to say, so I said goodbye and hung up.
I ran upstairs and looked in the mirror. I was a mess. My hair was greasy and plastered to my head. My complexion was horrible. In the last three days I had not paid much attention to personal hygiene.
"Thank goodness for makeup." I thought as I jumped into the shower and started scrubbing with rose scented shower gel that I brought with me. After washing my hair twice, I emerged from the shower feeling refreshed and excited. I shut thoughts of Will out of my mind. I caught myself thinking of Andy and felt guilty. I knew deep in my heart that Andy would be happy for me. I couldn't deal with thoughts of Andy either and shut her out of my mind.
I looked through my clothes for something to wear. I finally settled on a mint green turtleneck sweater and a pair of black jeans. I studied myself in the mirror and was pleased with my appearance. Not too bad for being nearly dead the day before. I looked at the clock and noticed I still had an hour before Mark was suppose to pick me up. I was almost ready. I blow dried my hair and let it fall loosely down my shoulders. After applying some light makeup, I sat in the living room and waited for Mark to arrive.

Chapter Fourteen
At exactly eleven o'clock I heard the sound of a car in the driveway. I peeked out the window and saw Mark getting out of his car. I love a man who is punctual. He was even more handsome than I remembered. I got to the front door just as he rang the door bell. I opened the door and found Mark smiling broadly.
I invited Mark to come in while I put on my coat. As I put on my coat, I noticed Mark's eyes were bloodshot and he looked tired.
"Are you okay?" I asked.
"Do I look that bad? I had to go to a crime scene around one in the morning.
Honestly, I don't feel as bad as I look."
"Well, I feel bad for you. I hope you're not going just because of me. If you are too tired to go, it's okay. I understand."
"Emma, I'm fine. Really. I've been looking forward to this since I talked to you. I'm sure we could both use some fun. I know I could."
"Okay, if you're sure. I am going kind of crazy. Being stuck in the house for days has given me a bad case of cabin fever."
"Well, then lets go!" Mark said happily.
We walked out to Mark's car, a 1969 silver jaguar roadster convertible.
It was so beautiful that I stopped to admire it.
"Wow! It's gorgeous!" I exclaimed.
"Thank you." Mark beamed proudly. "My dad and I restored her."
He opened the passenger side door for me, and I slid into comfy leather seats.
"I think I'm in heaven." I leaned back in the seat.
Mark smiled and told me to make sure I fastened my seatbelt.
When Mark turned onto I95 going toward Baltimore, he noticed I was gripping the armrest so hard that my knuckles were white. I felt very nervous.
"Are you okay?" he asked. "I get the feeling that my driving is scaring you."
"No, I'm fine," I answered, but Mark knew I was lying.
"Come on, Emma. You look scared to death."
"I'm sorry. It's not your driving. It's the traffic. How do you stand it? There is no way I could live out here. I'd be a nervous wreck." I flinched as a black Pontiac zoomed in from the right and cut us off. I couldn't understand how Mark was staying so calm.
"Doesn't it make you even a little bit nervous?" I looked questioningly at Mark.
"I guess I'm use to it," he said. He switched lanes easily as cars came from every angle zooming in and out.
"I could never get use to it. Back home I can drive for miles without seeing another car."
"You're kidding," he said in disbelief.
"God's honest truth." I relaxed a little. Once again, I thought of Andy. I felt guilty once again for being out and having a good time. It wasn't that I didn't miss or suffer every day since she was gone. I just wanted to forget for a moment. I felt so alone most of the time, except when I was with Will. I didn't want to think of him either. I thought of his smile, pretty eyes, the way the back of his hair felt when I grabbed it, and I thought I might cry. I suddenly realized Mark was saying something to me.
"I think I lost you," he was saying.
"Sorry."
"It's okay. We're almost there. I hope you like seafood."
Mark took me to eat at a place called Bertha's in Fells Point in Baltimore City.
Located near the Inner Harbor, it was filled with restaurants, bars, and antique stores.
Mark parked facing the water and walked around to open my door. As we walked toward Bertha's, it started to snow.
"Just what we needed. More snow!" Mark laughed.
I laughed and pulled my hood over my head. "I can't wait for spring. I've grown to hate winter. Once it didn't mean no school anymore, it kind of lost its appeal. It's so depressing. Everything is dead. I just can't stand the grey skies, the cold, everything about it." A tear slid down my cheek. I felt Mark reach for my hand. I held his hand and there was something comforting by having him beside me.
We quickly reached Bertha's. We shook some of the snow from our coats before entering. I found myself in a long narrow room filled with wooden tables and chairs. At the back of the room was a bar. Covering the walls and ceiling were different kinds of musical instruments. I noticed a small stage in the corner of the room by the front door.
"What's the stage for?" I asked.
"Jazz. I've been here a couple times on Saturday night, and the music was incredible.
Are you into jazz?" he explained.
"Honestly, I don't know. I haven't heard much jazz," I answered, suddenly wishing that I knew a lot about jazz. I couldn't think of one song.
"If you tell me you love Britney Spears, I'll kill myself right now." He laughed.
"Okay. I won't tell you. Are you sure this is a restaurant?" I didn't see anyone eating.
There were just a couple men drinking and talking loud.
"The restaurant is in the back. Come on." He took my hand and led me back past the bar through a heavy wooden door. I couldn't help but notice a sign above the door that had the words EAT BERTHA'S MUSSELS written on it in bold letters.
"I haven't eaten much seafood. The only thing I've had is shrimp cocktail," I confessed, suddenly afraid I would hate it.
"I suggest you try the crab cakes. They are delicious! Oh, I wasn't thinking. You may want to eat something lighter. I know you've been sick." Mark pulled out a chair for me to sit down.
"Actually, I'm starving. The crab cakes sound great."
Mark also picked the crab cakes. They were filled with lump crab meat and were one of the most delicious things I have ever tasted.
"How long are you staying?" Mark asked, and I had the feeling that he hoped I wouldn't be leaving soon.
"I'm not sure. Paul said I could stay for Christmas, but I really don't know what to do." I was so confused about my feelings for Mark and for Will.
"Maybe you should stay. I don't think you should be alone right now. Being with family may be exactly what you need," he said smiling sadly.
"Maybe," I said unsure. I felt anxious to change the subject. I hated to be reminded that I didn't have anyone to go home to. All of my family was gone. I didn't like the idea of going back to an empty house. Except for the animals, I would be all alone. I felt depressed and hoped I didn't start crying. I looked away from Mark.
Mark must have seen the pain in my eyes, because he said, "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to make you feel sad. I'm an idiot. I really hope you'll stay." He reached across the table and held my hand.
"I'm getting tired. I probably should get back." I muttered, but I couldn't make myself look at him. I was determined to not break down in front of him again. I knew if I looked at him at that moment, I would cry.
Mark paid the waitress and drove me back to Paul's house. We rode back in silence.
We both felt miserable and didn't know what to say.
He pulled the car up to the front steps to let me out. As I got out of the car, he said "Wait a minute, Emma. I'm so sorry I upset you today. Upsetting you was the last thing I wanted to do. I just wanted to get to know you better. I wanted to spend some time with you before you left. Will you please forgive me for the stupid things I said?"
I got back in the car and looked at Mark. "There's nothing to forgive. You didn't say anything stupid. I was the one who was stupid. It was stupid of me to think I could go out and have a good time. What kind of person could do that? When you think about it, it's really kind of sick. So, don't feel bad. I appreciate the effort, but I probably should just go home. It seems like everyone close to me is dying. Maybe you're better off staying away." My eyes started to fill with tears. "Good bye, Mark." Before he had a chance to say anything, I jumped out of the car and ran up the steps.
I peeked out the window and saw Mark's car pull out of the driveway. I felt bad about the way things ended but maybe it was for the best. I would go home soon anyway to my big old empty lonely house.

Chapter Fifteen
Ellen Jones ran a comb through her short blonde hair. It had been a very bad day, but she'd had worse. Or had she? Probably not. She had hoped a shower would relax her, and it had. A little.
"You should be use to threats by now," she scolded herself in the mirror. Ellen Jones had been a prosecutor for several years and more than once had encountered angry defendants. It certainly wasn't the first time she had trouble sleeping. It was almost midnight, and she was exhausted. She was always exhausted, but she was afraid to sleep.
Every time she fell asleep, she had nightmares. She would dream of horrible unthinkable things. Things he had described in brutal detail.
She walked down the long winding stairs to the living room.
"A cup of hot chocolate sounds good," she said to herself. She flipped the lights on and went into the kitchen. She noticed her hands were shaking as she poured milk into her favorite mug. Adding a lot of chocolate syrup, she struggled to regain what little composure she had left. She put the mug into the microwave and set the timer for two minutes. While she was waiting for her hot chocolate, she called for Simon, her large black Labrador.
"Where is that old dog?" she thought to herself and yelled for him a little louder.
She felt relief when she heard his heavy feet padding toward the kitchen. Slowly he was making his way toward her. At sixteen years, he seldom hurried. She heard him pause at the kitchen door. Four years ago she had rescued the old dog at the Humane Society. His owners had turned him in because they wanted a younger dog. The thought made her furious, and she adopted him right away. He was the sweetest dog. She loved him.
"Come on, Simon. Do you want a treat?" He never refused a treat. He started hobbling in her direction again and poked his nose around the corner of the cabinet.
Smelling the treat, he came into full view his tail wagging frantically. Ellen scratched under his chin and gave him his treat. He looked up into her eyes appreciatively, turned around and walked back into the living room. For some reason he preferred to eat on the living room's white carpet instead of the easy to clean kitchen vinyl floor. She jumped when the microwave timer went off. She hated how jumpy she had become.
Being careful not to spill her hot chocolate, she followed Simon into the living room.
She sat her mug down on the glass coffee table and walked over to the long windows facing the beach. When Ellen first moved into the beach house, she loved the long windows that stretched from the floor to the ceiling in the living room. She had always loved looking out at the ocean. Now the same windows made her feel vulnerable. She always felt like someone was watching her. She had ordered some blinds, but they wouldn't be installed until next week. Meanwhile, she was scared to death. Actually, terrified would be a better word. As she looked out into the moonlight, she swore she could see someone moving in the shadows beside the house. She moved out of sight and checked the alarm for the third or fourth time since she had gotten home. Of course, it was still armed.
The grandfather clock in the hallway struck twelve, and with that she felt a sense of relief. "He'll be here soon. Thank God. Maybe I can convince him to stay the night," she said aloud. She knew it was only wishful thinking. He had never stayed over. She had often told him he worked too much. He had promised to take some time off so they could go away for a weekend. He had been telling her the same things for months. Even though she saw him only a couple times a week, she was crazy about him. Young, gorgeous, smart, and hard working, he was the perfect man. She couldn't help but notice the way other women looked at him when they were together in public which was close to never. He mostly came to visit her at her home in the evening after work.
She walked away from the windows back to the sofa where Simon was waiting for her. The sofa, a place where she was fairly certain that someone outside couldn't see her.
She sat down and held her hot chocolate tightly in her hands. The warmth of the cup felt good, and she tried to not look at the blue envelope directly in front of her on the glass coffee table. Slowly, she sat her cup down and picked up the envelope. The envelope looked the same as the others. She knew what was inside even before she opened it. The police had told her not open them anymore, but she couldn't help herself. Ellen didn't even call the police this time. The last time, they hadn't even came out. They just asked her to bring the note in the next day. She could be dead by then. They didn't seem to care. He was the only one who cared. She figured when she told him, he would be able to calm her down. He always made her feel better. She tore open the envelope and took out the small slip of paper. Tears poured from her eyes as she read the typed words.
Needing some comfort, she looked around for Simon. She didn't see him. He must have went upstairs to lay down, and she hadn't even noticed. She thought of going upstairs to look for him when she saw headlights in a side window. Relieved, she ran to the front door to look for him.
When she saw that it was him walking up the steps, she hurried and through open the door. She hugged him tightly and felt safe as his strong arms held her. She showed him the note, and for the first time he agreed to stay the night. She was sure she wouldn't have a nightmare tonight. He would protect her even in her dreams. He must have noticed she was in deep thought, because asked her what she was thinking about. Ellen looked into his eyes and felt his concern for her and most importantly his love. She told him about the nightmare that had haunted her dreams for the last three nights.
The dream was always the same. She was in a deep sleep. Simon was asleep at the foot of the bed. A crashing sound from downstairs jolts her awake. Simon, who can't hear very well, remains asleep. Ellen picks up the phone to call 911. Of course, the phone is dead. The only thing she can think of to use as a weapon is the aluminum softball bat by her bed. She picks it up and heads downstairs.
Slowly she searches the whole house. She finds nothing and no one. Still shaking, she makes her way back upstairs to the bedroom. She sits down on the bed and turns to slide under the covers. As she leans back to put her head on her pillow, she sees it. Her heart all but stops. It is a blue envelope lying on the pillow next to her. She doesn't open it, because at that moment she knows he is there in her home. She hears the shower running in the master bath adjoining her bedroom. She walks to the bathroom and opens the door. The steam makes it hard for her to see. Like a horror show, she walks into the bathroom toward the shower even though she knows she shouldn't. She cannot see who is in the shower, but she has to know. She can't help herself. Even though it isn't far, it takes her forever to reach the shower. When she finally gets there, she pushes the glass door of the shower open and there he is! Who? She has no idea. She still cannot see his face. He raises his hand, and she sees he is holding a knife. A large knife dripping with blood. She screams and turns to run. This is when she wakes up.
"Honey, don't cry. Everything is going to be okay. I promise." He assures her as he kisses away her tears. She looks into his eyes and believes him. He holds her hand tightly and leads her up the stairs.
Exhausted, Ellen quickly falls asleep in his arms. He smiles as he watches her sleep.
He is so excited, he can barely contain himself. He slowly moves away from her and eases out of bed. He softly calls for Simon, who is sleeping on the floor next to the bed.
The big dog doesn't budge, so he shakes the big dog gently. Simon sighs and slowly gets up. He leads the dog out of the bedroom and quietly shuts the door behind him. He picks up his pants from the floor and removes his billfold from the back pocket. After leaving the note on the bed, he heads for the bathroom. "This will be great!" He thinks to himself as he turns on the shower.

Chapter Sixteen
I woke up to the sound of voices coming from downstairs. I grabbed my robe and went downstairs. As I got closer to the kitchen, I could make out some of what they were saying.
"I really don't think you should tell her. Hasn't she been through enough?" Paul's voice sounded angry.
"I think she deserves to know. I would rather she heard it from me. Do you want her to hear it on the news or read it in the paper?" I was surprised to hear Mark's voice.
When I walked into the kitchen, the conversation stopped abruptly.
"So, what should I or shouldn't I hear?" I asked as I walked to the refrigerator to get some orange juice. I was trying to stay calm, but I felt nauseous.
"Emma, I'm so sorry to have to tell you this, but there's been another murder. They think it's the same person who killed Andy." Mark said softly.
I walked slowly to the table and sat down. Paul sat beside me and put his arm around my shoulder. He looked at Mark like he wanted to kill him. I was trying hard not to throw up.
Mark ignored Paul and sat down at the table with us. He looked at me and said, "I just wanted you to hear it from me first. It's all over the news."
I looked over at Mark. "Would you tell me all that you know about the murder or all that you can? Please. I need to know."
"Emma, you are out of your freaking mind! Don't do this!" Paul yelled at me rising from the table.
"Paul, I know you don't understand, but I have to know."
"You're damn right I don't understand! It's sick, and I want no part of it!" He angrily left the room and slammed the door.
Mark looked at me sympathetically. "I really shouldn't say much, but from what I understand they found a young woman down at the beach who was killed the same way Andy was. No forced entry. There are a lot of similarities I can't tell you about. The victim looked like Andy. She was petite with blonde hair."
"Did they catch him?" I asked hopefully, but I already knew the answer. Paul and Mark wouldn't have hesitated to tell me if he had been caught. "Never mind," I said. "I know they didn't catch him." I got up and started to leave the room. "Thank you, Mark."
I went upstairs to my room and locked the door. I got into bed and pulled the covers over me. I knew I was going to have a major meltdown and wanted to be alone. I cried and cried. I wondered if there would ever be a day again when I wouldn't cry at least once. I heard someone knocking at the door a few minutes later, but I ignored it. I needed to be alone. The knocking stopped shortly after. I was sure it was Paul.
When I came out of my room a few hours later, there was a note from Paul taped to my door. He apologized for getting so upset. He also apologized for leaving. He had to go to court. He wouldn't be home for a few hours.
I knew exactly what I had to do and where I needed to go. I looked frantically through my purse until I found them, Andy's house keys. I would go back to Andy's and see if there was anything the police missed. There had to be some kind of clue to the murderer's identity at her house. I felt so useless hanging out at Paul's house, not doing anything. Maybe I could help. Andy use to keep a journal. She wrote in her journal every day. I hadn't found it when I was packing up Andy's things, so it had to still be somewhere in Andy's house. Unless her killer took it. Well, I had to at least try. Now, I had to think of something to tell Paul. He would hunt me down and take me back to his house. I thought for a moment, then dialed Paul's cell phone.
"Hi, Paul. Yes, I'm feeling better. I just wanted to let you know that I'm going out for a little while. I need to take my mind off things. I thought I'd go see a movie. I'll see you later tonight." I wasn't sure if he believed me or not. He sounded like he did, but I could never tell with him. Just in case, I looked through the paper and found a movie I had already seen was still playing. I had seen it a couple weeks earlier with Will.
It made me sad to think of Will. He hadn't tried to call me since he left. Of course, I hadn't tried to call him either. At least if Paul had questioned me, I would be ready. I put on my coat, grabbed my keys, and headed for the door.
As I drove toward Andy's house, I started feeling very nervous. I was actually shaking. I imagined how Andy must have felt the night she died. It was only midday, but the combination of grey sky and the dark shaded road made it seem much later. Paul told me that it had snowed heavily the night Andy died. Tears welled up in my eyes once again, as I felt her terror. Andy had always hated driving in the snow. The only reason she must have went home so late was to take care of Tom. Andy loved the cat and would never let him go a day without food. If only Tom could talk, he could tell her who the killer was.
I drove down Andy's tree lined drive without any trouble. The little house looked so lonely. All the lights were out and the crime scene tape was gone. Andy's little truck was still parked in the driveway. I pulled in and parked beside it. The front steps were still partially covered in ice, so I walked around the house to the back door. I felt the hair on my arms stand up as I opened the door. I felt like running back to my car, jumping in, and driving away, but I didn't. I was like in a scary movie where the audience thinks, "Don't go in!" and the stupid person always goes in. Well, I forced myself to go in.
A chill went up my spine as I walked through the kitchen to turn on the light. The house was deathly still. I wasn't sure what I was looking for, but I knew there had to be something they missed. Perhaps I would find her journal. I had went through most of the house, but I thought it might be easier during the day. Being in Andy's house was hard enough with Mark's company. Alone, it was a hundred times worse. I wished I had asked Mark to come with me. It was too late to do anything about it. Besides he may be insulted that I was going to see if he missed anything. I knew of one place I forgot to check. The attic would be a great place to hide something. The entrance was hidden in a corner on the first floor.
I walked slowly up the narrow steps that lead to the attic. As I opened the door there was enough light for me to see that Andy had used the attic as a studio for her photography. There were photographs everywhere. Many were covering the walls. Of those covering the walls, several stood out. They were all of the same young woman.
She couldn't be a day over twenty. She was beautiful. Her long blonde hair fell loosely down her shoulders. Her body was lean and well defined. There was something in her eyes that bothered me. I wasn't sure what it was but they were troubling. Maybe even, sad. I knew I had to find out who the woman was. I decided to ask Mark. He might know her identity. There was one picture that I kept looking back at. She was sitting in what looked like Andy's backyard. She was laughing, but her eyes were red and puffy like she had been crying. Andy had the ability to make you laugh when you were crying.
Luckily, the picture was one of the smaller ones. I took the picture and put it in my purse.
I spent the next three hours going through boxes of photographs in the attic. So many were of me, Andy, and our parents. Some of the photos made me cry, but many of them made me laugh. I decided to take them home with me. I knew it was dark as I had turned on the lights over an hour ago. I wished I hadn't taken so much time looking at the pictures. I should have just loaded them all in my car as soon as I got there. I had really wanted to leave before it got dark.
I carried the boxes down the stairs to the kitchen. I was horrified when I turned on the outside light to carry the boxes to the car. It was snowing heavily. I started to cry. I knew I wouldn't make it back to Paul's house, but I didn't want to stay at Andy's alone.
"Maybe I can convince Paul to come and stay with me. He's not afraid of snow. He loves to drive in bad weather," I told myself as I picked up my phone and dialed his number. When his answering machine picked up, I left a short message and wondered what to do next. Deciding I had no choice but to stay the night, I locked all the doors and went into the kitchen to fix a cup of hot tea. My hands were shaking as I poured the hot water into Andy's favorite mug. I looked at the light blue mug covered with white snowflakes. I had sent the mug to Andy last Christmas. I regretted that I hadn't visited myself. I thought Andy had needed some time alone to think things over. I was all involved in thoughts of Will. I was sure Andy had needed time alone to think things over. I thought she would return soon to Indiana. I had been wrong. Dead wrong.

Chapter Seventeen
I finished my cup of tea while watching television in the living room. I couldn't stand it any longer. I knew I had to do something to get out of there. I had to at least try.
"I'll take a couple of the boxes out and do a test drive. If I can get out of the driveway, I'll try and get to Paul's house. Getting stuck on a road is better than staying here alone all night." Now I was sure I was going crazy. Talking to ones self was probably not a good sign.
I put on my coat, a flashlight, and picked up one of the boxes of Andy's photographs and headed out the door. The new fallen snow on top of the several inches of old snow made it tough for me to get to the jeep. Even though I was being very careful, I slipped on some ice. My feet shot out in front of me, and I fell hard on my back. The box of photographs shot out of my hands, and the pictures were scattered around me. I got up slowly, found the flashlight, and rubbed my back gently. Determined not to get upset again, I fought back tears. After gathering the pictures and getting them back into the box, I finally made it to the jeep and placed the pictures safely inside.
"You're halfway there!" I gave myself a little encouragement as I headed back to the house for the other box. I made better progress with the second box. Although I slipped around a lot, I didn't fall. I decided to start the jeep and let it warm up awhile. I hoped some of the snow would melt from the windows as well. I checked the house to make sure all but one of the lights were off and all the doors were locked. I hurried as quick as I safely could back to the jeep.
"Here goes nothing." I told myself as I backed slowly down the drive, slipping and sliding constantly. Halfway down the lane I got hung up. I rocked back and forth trying to get unstuck and wound up in a snow drift. Tears of frustration ran down my cheeks. I pulled my keys from the ignition and started walking back to the house. The snow was coming down so hard that I could barely see the house. I wished I had left the outside light on. Having forgotten my gloves, my hands were frozen by the time I made it to the back door. My fingers were so numb I was afraid I wouldn't be able to open the door.
After fumbling for a few minutes, I was finally inside.
I tried to call Paul again, but there was still no answer. I wasn't surprised. He often worked late. I wished I knew Mark's number. I was so scared that I would have begged him to come and rescue me. Paul was going to be furious when he found out where I was. He hadn't wanted me to come the first time, let alone come back. Sometimes he acted more like my father than my cousin.
At that moment I wished Andy had kept some alcohol in the house. I was so excited when I found a couple beers in the back of the fridge that I gave a little jump for joy.
What I would have given for some brandy. I drank both beers and then fixed myself a cup of hot tea. I had a little bit of a buzz going and thought I'd better drink something else. I guess it was a good thing that Andy didn't have any more alcohol.
In a few minutes, I was carrying a hot cup of tea into the living room. A loud crash outside made me jump what felt like five feet into the air. My tea spilled on my hand and caused me to drop the cup. I watched as the cup shattered when it hit the floor. I looked outside but the snow was still coming down so hard that I couldn't see anything. I imagined all the snow and ice had caused a tree limb to fall.
"Great! Could this day get any worse? Wait, I take it back. Things can always get worse." I went into the kitchen and grabbed a roll of paper towels. Getting down on my hands and knees, I mopped up the spilled tea and picked up the tiny pieces of the cup. As I was cleaning, I noticed something blue under the corner of the sofa. I pulled out a small blue piece of paper. When I read the words on the paper, my heart almost stopped.
I knew it was from whoever killed Andy. How terrified she must have been. Had she received it the night she died? I started shaking. My chest tightened. I wondered if I was going to have a heart attack. I put the paper down on the coffee table and sat on the sofa.
"I have to get out of here. What am I going to do?" I pulled a throw around me and sat curled up on the sofa. I let myself think of Will. I had to get my mind off how scared I was. I closed my eyes and leaned back. I thought of Will kissing me. I missed him so much.
Just when I thought it wasn't possible for me to be any more scared than I was at that moment, the unexpected happened. There was a loud knock on the door, causing me to let out a shriek. Too scared to moved, I looked around for something to use as a weapon.
I came up with nothing. I stayed frozen to the sofa.
"Emma! Are you there?" I heard a man's voice at the door. Then there was more loud knocking. I didn't recognize the voice. I slowly got up and walked toward the window. I parted the curtains a little and looked out. The man turned and looked at me.
He smiled broadly when he saw me.
"Mark!" I was so happy to see him that I couldn't open the door quick enough. I threw my arms around his neck and hugged him tightly. "I'm so happy to see you."
"I can see that. If I would have know I'd get this kind of reception, I would have came sooner. Are you okay? You're shaking." He held me tightly.
"I'm fine physically, but my nerves are shot. Wait till you see what I found!" I grabbed his hand and led him to the coffee table. He squatted next to the coffee table and read the note without picking it up. I noticed a flicker of emotion cross his face before he looked away. I wasn't sure what it was, but I thought it was sadness. I wondered how well Mark had known Andy.
"Did you touch this?" he asked.
"Of course, I touched it!" I yelled. "Sorry, Mark. I didn't mean to yell at you. I'm just really nervous."
"It's okay. I'm going to look for a sandwich bag to put it in." He went into the kitchen and quickly came out with a sandwich bag.
"I found it under the sofa. What are you thinking?"
"Well, Andy always brought me the other notes as soon as she received them. So, she must have just received this one." He paused.
"The night she died." I finished his sentence.
"Yes," he said looking directly in my eyes.

Chapter Eighteen
Mark sat down beside me on the sofa and put his arm around me to hold me closed. I had stopped shaking, but my heart was still beating rapidly.
"Are you sure you're ok?" he asked. I didn't answer. I was so scared and not at all ok.
"Emma, look at me." He gently turned my face to look at me. Although I wasn't crying, I was certainly close. I was holding by a thread. As I looked into his kind eyes, mine filled with tears.
"Mark, I don't know what I would have done if you didn't come. I'm so scared. I tried to get down the driveway, but I got hung up. The photographs went everywhere.
I'm cold and hungry. Then, I found the note." I stopped myself. I had to stop rambling.
I bit my lip to stop myself from saying anything else.
"I'm here now. Everything is okay. Try to calm down."
I took a few deep breaths and tried very hard to calm myself down. "Mark, can we just leave? I just want to get out of here and back to Paul's." He didn't answer.
"What is it?" I asked, but I knew what he was going to say before he told me.
"Emma, we have to stay the night. I'm so sorry, but my car is stuck in the driveway.
As soon as I turned in, I got hung up. I tried to back up and get back on the road, but no luck. It'll be okay. I'm here with you, and we'll leave first thing in the morning," he promised.
I tried hard to be strong. I got up from the sofa and went to the front window. As I looked out at the snow falling heavily against the front yard light, I knew what Mark said was true. There was no way we could leave tonight.
Mark got up from the sofa and stood behind me. He put his arms around me and held me tight. "Don't worry. It'll be okay. I'll keep you safe. Let's make the best of it.
We'll sit on the sofa and watch tv. Come on." He patted the place beside him on sofa.
I grudgingly walked over and sat by Mark. I remembered the picture I found in the attic. I got up and went to retrieve it from the table. I handed it to Mark and sat back down. "Do you know who this is?" I asked.
He had a strange look on his face and hesitated before answering. "Her name is Teeni. We've been trying to reach her and let her know about Andy. We haven't been able to find her. Where did you find the picture?"
I was surprised Andy never mentioned her. "I found it in the attic. Were they friends?
Did Andy know her through work? I never heard of her."
"Well, from what I understand, Andy met Teeni one day when she was taking pictures downtown on The Block."
"What's The Block?"
"It's an area in Baltimore that is known for it's strip clubs. I'm not sure what in the world Andy was taking pictures of, but anyway, I guess it doesn't matter now."
"Did Teeni work in one of the clubs?" I asked.
"Yep, she was a stripper. Not anymore though. From what I heard, Andy helped her to turn her life around. She went to school, and now she works at a bank downtown."
"So, they were good friends?"
"Teeni loved Andy. She'll be devastated when she hears what happened to her."
"Do you think Andy would have told her if she was seeing someone?"
"I'm not sure but it's worth a chance to find out."
"If you find her, would you ask her to call me? I need to know what was going on with Andy before she died."
"I'm not sure if that's a good idea. I'll think about it, but I can't promise."
I could tell he wasn't going to have Teeni call me. "Mark, I spoke to Andy dozens of times in the last year, but I have absolutely no idea what was going on in her life. I need to talk to someone who knows what was going on. I believe something happened last year that led up to her murder. She started seeing someone, and I didn't even know.
Please, for my own peace of mind. Just give her Paul's number and ask her to call me.
Please." I pleaded with him.
He turned away, then looked back at me. "Okay, if I find her, I'll give her Paul's number and ask her to call you. I can't make any promises she will though. She is unpredictable. She hasn't shown up at work since Andy was killed. Just promise me you won't get your hopes up. Even if we find her, I don't think she'll call."
"Thank you!" I gave him a big hug.
"You're welcome. Remember, don't get your hopes up."
"Mark, why did you come here? I know you just didn't happen to drive by." I asked suddenly suspicious of him. It seemed strange for him to just show up, but I was so relieved to see him at first that I didn't think about it.
"You are never going to believe this. Check this out! Paul, yes your cousin, asked me to come by and check to see if you were here. He has been trying to reach you and was worried when you didn't answer. He was worried you might have returned to Andy's. I told him he was being paranoid, but it looks like he was right. I guess he knows you better than I do."
I went over and got my purse from the chair. I fished around in my purse for a few seconds until I found my cell. Sure enough, I had forgotten to turn it on. When I turned it on, all of the missed calls and texts from Paul showed up. I texted him back that I was at Andy's with Mark and that we were stranded again for the night. I noticed there were no missed calls or texts from Will. A felt a pang of disappointment. Paul sent me a text back immediately. OK. THANKS FOR LETTING ME KNOW. All caps. I guess he was a little pissed. I turned my cell off and went back to Mark on the sofa.
"Was Paul upset when he called you?" I asked Mark.
"I guess you could say he was pretty upset. If he wasn't stuck at work, he would have came here himself."
"Thank goodness he didn't. I hate to be around him when he's mad. He talks to me like I'm a child."
"I know. He has a bad temper," Mark agreed.
"Do you know if Paul is seeing anyone. He needs a girlfriend. There is too much pent up energy. I wish he would settle down and get married.
"He says the same thing about you." Mark looked over at me, and I noticed something in his eyes. Desire maybe.
"Well, I was married once and that did not work out so well. At least I tried," I said defensively.
"What about the young guy who came out here? Are you seeing him?" Mark looked at me intently waiting for my response.
"I really don't want to talk about it, but I was. It's over."
"Are you sure?"
"Yes, I'm sure. He is the sweetest guy, but it just isn't meant to be. He's way too young for me."
He smiled. "Yes, you need an older man. One who is more distinguished."
I smiled back. "Maybe so. Do you know anyone?"
Mark laughed. He had a nice laugh.
"What about Paul?" I asked, anxious to change the subject. "Is he seeing anyone?"
"He was seeing another lawyer. She is gorgeous, smart too. They broke up maybe six months ago. From what Paul said, she was seeing someone else. Paul didn't really seem that broken up about it." Then, Mark hesitated. "It's funny, but when Andy first moved out here, I thought she and Paul had something going on."
The thought of Andy and Paul dating made me laugh. Paul and Andy had never gotten along very well. They seemed to tolerate each other for my sake. It was hard for me to picture them spending time together by themselves. Andy always said Paul was full of himself and couldn't understand why I liked him so much. Paul is confident, but I never thought of him as conceited. Andy was just as beautiful as Paul was handsome, but she had always been insecure.
"From your laughter, I guess it doesn't seem possible to you. You want to make a guess what Paul said when I asked him about it?"
I was shocked that Mark would have the nerve to ask Paul. "You actually asked Paul if he had something going on with his cousin? I'll bet he loved that!"
"I actually thought he was going to hit me. His face turned red, and then, all of the sudden, he seemed perfectly calm. He said that he was trying to be nice to her. She didn't know anyone out here and that if he didn't take care of her, you would never forgive him."
"That sounds like Paul, and it's true. I would have been upset if he didn't help her. " "He also mentioned something like what did I think he was? Some hillbilly who would date his cousin? I figured I'd better let it go. It didn't seem like a good idea to tease him about it. However, once we did all go out for dinner together. Andy told Paul about the first note, and he asked me to talk to her. I'll never forget the first time we met.
She was so scared. She tried to pretend she wasn't worried, but I could tell she was terrified."
"What did the first note say?" I wondered why Andy didn't tell me.
"It said, I'll see you soon. It was sent to her house like the others and written on the same blue paper. It really freaked her out."
"When did it all start with the notes?"
Without hesitation he answered, "Six months ago."
"Did you see Andy much after that night?"
"She would call me and come to the station off and on. Well, I'd hear from her whenever she got a new note."
"She never said anything to you about a boyfriend or someone she was dating?"
"No, just the opposite. Sje told me she wasn't seeing anyone."
"Doesn't that seem strange to you?" It seemed strange to me, especially after finding a condom wrapper in the bathroom.
"Doesn't what seem strange to me? That she wasn't seeing anyone or that she wouldn't tell me she was seeing someone?" A little irritation had crept into Mark's voice. I knew he was tired, but I couldn't let it go. "That she wouldn't tell you she was seeing someone."
He sighed. "Not really. You would be surprised what victims don't want the police to know. Who knows. She may have been seeing someone who was abusive or a married man. She may have been embarrassed."
"There was no way in hell that Andy was seeing a married man," I said angrily.
"Calm down. I was just using that as an example. I don't really think she was having an affair with a married man. I just wanted you to see that there are reasons people don't always tell the police the whole truth. Unfortunately, if she would have told me who she was seeing, I might have been able to save her." Mark got up and went to look out the front window. "I'm sorry, Emma. I feel responsible."
"No, I'm sorry. I appreciate all you've done for me and for Andy. Please forgive me for badgering you about details that are probably confidential. I hope you can forgive me." I walked over to him and put my hand gently on his arm. "Can you forgive me?"
Mark looked down at me and smiled. "All is forgiven. It's late, and we're both tired.
What do you say we get some rest? It will be morning before you know it."
It sounded like a good idea to me. I was exhausted. "I don't know if I can sleep, but I'm willing to give it a try." Mark followed me through the living room and up the stairs.

Chapter Nineteen
"Are you going to be okay?" Mark asked as we got to the top of the stairs.
"Honestly, I'm not sure if I'll ever be okay."
"I could stay in Andy's room with you, if you want," he offered.
"If you're sure you don't mind. I really don't want to be alone here." I felt relieved he offered. I wanted to ask him but felt stupid.
"My pleasure, but don't get any ideas. I'm not easy," he teased.
"I promise and cross my heart." With that I made a cross sign over my chest. "I'll try to control myself." I started down the hallway toward Andy's room. He trailed behind me.
We walked in Andy's room, and Mark walked over to the bed and picked up a pillow.
"I can make a place to sleep on the floor, if you want. I don't want you to think I'm trying to take advantage of you." He raised an eyebrow.
"Don't be ridiculous. Remember, we already slept together once. I think it's too late to go back." I teased him gently. I admit. I wanted him to lay by me and to hold me in his strong arms. I wanted to feel safe. He made me feel so safe the last time. I was sure that was the only way I would get any sleep.
Mark took of his coat and laid it on a chair. He took off his gun and set it on the night stand.
"I feel safer already."
"Some people are afraid of guns. They don't bother you?"
"Not at all. I know how to shoot."
"Good to hear." He took his shoes off as he sat on the side of the bed but got in fully clothed.
I sat on the opposite side of the bed. "You know, it's okay if you get comfortable."
"Now who is trying to take advantage of who?" He leaned back and put his had on the pillow with his hands behind his head.
"You wish. There's no way you can be comfortable sleeping in all those clothes."
"Okay. You asked for it." He got out of bed, smiling. He looked slightly embarrassed as he took of his jeans and sweatshirt. "Are you satisfied? Or is this too much too?"
Now it was my turn to be embarrassed. I looked away, but not before I noticed how muscular and fit he was. Even in a t-shirt and boxers, I could tell he worked out a lot.
Mark laughed. "Now, it's your turn."
"I'll be right back." I went into the bathroom and took off everything except for my undershirt which was basically a tight t-shirt and my underwear. I almost sprinted to the bed, jumped in, and pulled the covers up around my neck.
"You are too much, Emma. Good night."
"Good night, Mark. Thanks for everything."
"You are very welcome. Do you care if I turn the light out? We can leave the light on in the bathroom."
"That's fine," I answered.
He got out of bed and turned on the bathroom light before turning off the light on the bedside table. He climbed back into bed.
"Mark, " I whispered.
"Yes." He already sounded half asleep.
"Would you hold me?" I asked.
Without saying a word, he moved over close to me and wrapped me in his arms.
Within minutes, we were both fast asleep.
When I woke up the next morning, Mark was still sound asleep. I didn't want to wake him up, so I stayed very quiet and just listened to him breath. I stared at him. He was so beautiful and peaceful. A couple times he smiled, and I wondered what or who he was thinking about. I decided to try and go back to sleep. Before long I was in the middle of a dream about Andy. I was at Andy's. We were sitting on the sofa, laughing, and talking, waiting for pizza. The doorbell rang, and Andy went to answer it. "It must be the pizza," she said as she walked to the door. I could see her at the door with her back toward me. I wondered what was taking her so long. I got up from the sofa and went to her. As I reached her, she turned around holding a pizza box. I stared in horror as I noticed her throat was slit and blood was gushing out. "What's wrong, Emma," said Andy, and I screamed.
Mark woke me up gently shaking me. "What is it, Emma? You're okay. I'm here. It was just a dream." He comforted me and held me tight.
"I'm sorry. It was just another nightmare. I'm fine now." I got up and went to the bathroom to dress. For some strange reason, my left arm was very sore and had a small red bump on it. When I came out of the bathroom, I showed Mark.
"Looks like a spider bite. You should be okay. There's a lot of spiders out in these woods."
"In the winter?"
"They come inside in the winter. They don't want to freeze either."
Mark must have dressed while I was in the bathroom. He even had his shoes and jacket back on. He headed out of the room. "If you're sure you're alright, I'm going to start digging us out. I have to get to work, and I know Paul will be anxious to see you."
"I'll help."
After three hours, the driveway was shoveled enough for us to get to the main road.
Mark gave me a hug at my jeep. As I climbed in, he said, "If you need anything, let me know."
"Thank you. I will."
"Promise?"
"I promise."
Mark started to walk to his car, then he turned around and said, "Oh, I almost forgot.
Paul invited me over for Christmas. Can you believe it? Hopefully, you'll stay and I'll see you then."
"Great!" I said, but I was confused. I tried to calculate in my mind what day it was. I had totally lost track of time. I started driving while trying to remember the date.
December 23rd? Could it be? I was shocked it was only two days until Christmas. I wondered what Will would be doing for Christmas since his parents were gone. I hoped he would have someone take care of my animals and go to see them. I hated the thought of him being alone on Christmas.
I decided I would stay with Paul for Christmas. I didn't want to be alone. I would have to get something for him and Mark. I smiled as I thought of Mark. I liked how I felt around him. Safe. I wondered how he felt about me. Maybe I would find out on Christmas. Maybe it would be a nice Christmas after all.

Chapter Twenty
When Paul arrived home th next day and Emma wasn't there, he tried to stay calm.
He knew she was probably still with Mark. It killed him to ask Mark to go over to Andy's, but he really didn't have a choice. He had some things he had to do at work.
There was no way he could have gone, and he really didn't think he could handle seeing Andy's place. Too many memories. He hoped Mark would get to Emma before the roads got too bad, and they could make it out of there last night. Paul hated the idea of them spending the night together. He could tell Emma liked Mark, and there wasn't really anything he could do about it. It was obvious that Mark also liked Emma. Mark had even managed to invite himself over for Christmas.
While waiting for them to return, he paced back and forth in living room constantly looking out the front window. Finally, he saw Emma's car turn in the driveway. He raced out the front door and down the steps to meet her.
"I'm so glad you are finally home. I just knew you went back to Andy's. Are you okay?" Paul hugged Emma so tight she could hardly breath.
"I'm fine. Calm down and let go. You are squishing me." Paul released her and looked at her sternly.
"I know you are probably really pissed at me, but I had to go back." I was ready to launch into a long explanation of why, but it turned out it wasn't necessary.
"I'm not mad. I'm just relieved that you're okay. " "Thank you for sending Mark. I don't think I could have stayed there alone. Now, let's go in. I'm freezing. I want to take a nice hot shower, and I have a lot I want to talk to you about." I started walking toward the house.
"Okay. Wait up. I'll fix us some hot tea." Paul followed me into the house.
Once we were inside, we settled in the kitchen. I waited as Paul filled the teapot with water and set in on the stove. "I'm curious. What do we need to talk about?" He looked at me suspiciously.
"First of all. I found a clue while I was at Andy's."
He stared at me for a few minutes and shook his head. "Emma, I was afraid something like this would happen. Leave it to the police. You need to let it go. What is this clue?"
I told him about the note I found. He listen then turned to the stove. He fixed our tea and for the most part had his back to me, but when he turned around I could tell I had upset him. "I'm sorry, Paul. I didn't mean to upset you." He handed me a cup of tea and sat across from me.
"I know I didn't know Andy's as well as you, but I knew her. Of course, I'm upset."
This all made sense, but as I looked into his eyes they welled up with tears. "Did you and Andy spend much time together?" I asked.
He looked away. "Not a lot, but some. I grew fond of her. She was a sweet decent person. I really liked her. Could we change the subject? I thought we could do some Christmas shopping."
I was ready to let the subject drop as well. "Great idea. I'll go shower and change.
How about we leave in an hour?" Paul agreed, so I went upstairs and enjoyed the most heavenly shower I'd had in years. By the time I got dressed and dried my hair, I was in a pretty good mood.
Paul was waiting for me when I came downstairs. He drove me to a huge mall in Towson, Maryland. We had fun shopping together, chatting about things that weren't important. Paul talked a lot about work. The mall was decorated for the holidays and Christmas music was playing. I was even able to buy Paul a beautiful blue cashmere sweater while he wasn't looking. I bought Mark a gorgeous scarf, and I even bought a present for Will. Will collects steins. I found a beautiful pewter stein with a ship on it in a cigar shop. I knew he would love it. Hopefully, I would have the chance to give it to him when I returned. I pictured him back at the house, flying into a rage, packing up all his things and leaving. The thought made my chest ache. I saw a cookie shop figured this was the exact kind of distraction I needed to stop thinking of Will. I decided treat myself to something sweet and then hunt down Paul.
After snarfing down two delicious chocolate ship cookies and a lemonade, I found Paul admiring ties in a men's shop. We decided it was time for lunch and headed to the food court. We lucked out finding a table quickly. I decided to guard the table while Paul went to get the food.
"Hey, that's my table!" I heard a masculine voice behind me. I turned around to see Mark and another man. The other man was maybe ten years younger but had the same face as Mark. He had to be a relative. Mark introduced him as his younger brother, Thomas. I shook Thomas's hand, and Mark gave me a hug. At that moment, Paul showed up with our food. I was starving and started eating while Paul chatted with Mark and Thomas. Paul didn't seem to fond of Thomas, but he was friendly to Mark. After they talked a little while, Mark and Thomas said good bye and walked away.
"That was nice, wasn't it?" Paul asked, smiling at me.
"Yes, it was." I smiled right back.
When we got done eating, we went back to Paul's house. It was a nice day. I decided to go to bed before anything or anyone had a chance to ruin it.

Chapter Twenty-one
Christmas Eve
I woke up the next morning to find Paul in an especially chipper mood. He was singing and fixing breakfast. He announced that after breakfast he was going to go out into the woods and chop down a Christmas tree. The perfect tree. I was happy to see Paul so happy. I sat down at the table and dug into a plate full of pancakes.
"How would you like some company? I don't mean to brag, but I'm pretty good at picking out Christmas trees."
"Sure!" he said enthusiastically.
I bundled up in my warmest clothes, and we walked out into the woods in search of the perfect tree. The sky was grey, and it was chilly to say the least. I had on a hat, gloves, a warm coat, and boots. On the other hand, Paul was wearing jeans, boots, and a thermal long sleeved red shirt. He trotted effortlessly in front of me carrying an axe. I trudged behind him through the snow, thinking I was an idiot for asking to go.
After what seemed like miles he exclaimed he found the perfect tree. He was standing beside a beautiful balsam fir that had to be over seven feet tall.
"What do you think?" he asked.
"It's beautiful!" I answered truthfully. I brushed the snow off a log and made myself comfortable and watched Paul go to work with the axe. He swung the axe hard and fast.
Within minutes he was halfway done. He was working up a sweat. His shirt clung to him. He took it off and threw it at me. "Yuck!" I shrieked and batted it away. I picked it up gingerly and hung it on a tree limb. I watched him for a few minutes and for some strange reason felt uncomfortable. He was well muscled and beautiful and just noticing made me embarrassed, so I got up and went to admire whatever there is to admire in the woods. Oh, look. A dead tree. A squirrel. Soon Paul yelled at me that he was done. I went back to him and was happy to see he was no longer shirtless. We each grabbed the tree and dragged it back home.
We had a wonderful Christmas Eve. The huge tree looked gorgeous in the living room by the fireplace. We decorated the tree together with the fire burning. Even though Paul hated music, he played some Christmas music from the radio for me. We drank, we ate, we talked about the good old days. It was really almost perfect. Andy was dead. Will was gone. I guess it was far from perfect, but just for a moment I forgot.
Forgetting, even for a moment, was the best Christmas present I could hope for.
That evening as we sat in the living room and talked about our families and past Christmases, I felt chilled. All of my sweaters were dirty, so I asked Paul if I could borrow one of his. He was laying down on the sofa very relaxed, so he told me to go get one out of his closet.
When I opened Paul's door, I was shocked at how beautiful and neat Paul's bedroom was. He had a huge king sized bed decorated with a manly forest green quilt which matched the curtains and pillow covers. The wood floor was covered by a green and cream colored oriental rug.
I opened the huge walk in closet and peeked inside. His suits lined one side. Casual wear was on the other. All the pants were hung together, even the jeans. For some reason the fact that he hung up his jeans irritated me. I finally spotted his sweaters on the top shelves folded very neatly in color coordinated stacks. I tried to reach up and grab one, but they were too high. I jumped up and latched onto one and pulled it down.
Something fell with it onto the floor. I looked down and saw it was a picture. A picture of Paul. I picked it up and held it for a moment. The picture was taken in Andy's backyard by the huge oak tree.
Paul was standing by the tree leaning against the huge trunk. I knew Andy had to have taken the picture. He smiled at her, but it was not just any smile. It was a warm intimate smile. His eyes lit up. I knew it had to be the missing picture from Andy's house. Mark was right when he thought Paul and Andy were more than friends. I was shocked. I took the picture with me and went downstairs to confront Paul.
I walked back to the living room where Paul was almost asleep in the sofa, a glass of scotch still clutched in his hand.
"What's this?" I said, thrusting the picture in his face.
It took him about a minute to focus on the picture. If he was surprised, he didn't show it. "A picture of me," he said blandly.
"Did Andy take it?" I asked.
"She gave it to me. What's the big deal, Emma? " He sounded very annoyed and sat up on the sofa.
I sat beside him. "Paul, I need you to be honest with me. Where you and Andy more than friends? I'm not going to judge you. I just need to know."
I saw tears fill his eyes, and his face caved in. "I loved her. I was so crazy about her, and she dumped me. She gave me this picture and said she didn't want to ever see me again. I was so stupid. I thought she loved me. We had been seeing each other for about six months, then out of the blue she broke it off. I begged her to take me back, but she said no."
I put my arms around Paul and held him. He sobbed uncontrollably into my neck. I held him until he stopped crying and pulled away.
"Why didn't one of you tell me?" I asked, but I knew why. Paul just raised his eyebrows at me and didn't say a word. "I'm sorry, Paul. I'll let it go. Thank you for telling me." I got up and went to fix us each another drink. I figured we both could use one.
We managed to get through the rest of the evening without talking about Andy or Mark. We drank, ate, and watched old Christmas movies. I tried very hard to not think of Will. Paul probably tried just as hard to not think of Andy. I think we were both relieved when it was time to turn in for the night. The next day would be Christmas. I don't think either one of us had the Christmas spirit, but we would try to put on a good show for the other's sake.

Chapter Twenty-two
Christmas
Christmas started out wonderful. I woke up early and went downstairs to make breakfast for Paul. I have never been called a great cook, but I figured it's the thought that counts. I decided to make scrambled eggs, bacon, toast, and a bowl of fresh fruit.
Unless I fixed him a bowl of cereal with milk, it was the best I could do.
Maybe it wouldn't be such a horrible Christmas. I would get to see Mark later. The house looked beautiful. Paul was going to prepare a wonderful dinner. I tried to be an optimistic and concentrate on all my blessings. Amazingly, this was working.
A half hour later, I heard Paul coming down the stairs. He walked into the kitchen looking very happy. He must have just gotten out of the shower as his hair was still wet.
Wearing a dark blue sweater and jeans, he looked quite handsome. He walked over and gave me a kiss on the cheek. "Merry Christmas, Emma." He noticed the food on the table, and said. "Call the Baltimore Sun. We have some big news. Emma is cooking."
I laughed, "The big news will be if you can choke it down."
He sat down and started fixing himself a plate. I sat across from him and fixed my plate as well. I was gratified to see that he was not only eating but seemed to be enjoying it as well.
"What time is Mark coming?" I asked.
"He should be here around twelve. I have to start cooking soon. We're having turkey, ham, mashed potatoes, stuffing, green beans, and some pies." He went over to the cupboard and opened it to produce two pies.
"What kind?"
"Apple and pumpkin."
"Mmmm, my favorite is pumpkin." My mouth was already starting to water.
We spent the rest of breakfast eating, talking, and pretending things were normal.
When we finished eating, I washed the dishes while Paul prepared the turkey and stuck it in the oven.
Before Mark arrived, I wanted to talk to Paul. I thought he should tell Mark about his relationship with Andy. I was afraid Mark would find out later, and Paul would look guilty. So, very gently I broached the subject.
"I think you should tell Mark about your relationship with Andy," I blurted out. I have never been called tactful.
Paul sighed. "I hate to admit it, but I've been thinking the same thing. You're sure it's a good idea?"
"Yes, Paul. I do. I think if you don't tell him and he finds out, you'll look guilty."
"I'll tell you what. If it feels right when he's here, I'll try to talk to him today."
"Great," I said relieved.
When Mark arrived a few minutes after twelve, I almost ran to answer the door. He gave me a hug as he came through the front door. Paul came in and they exchanged manly hugs with hard pats on the back. We went into the living room and sat near the fireplace where a nice fire was burning. Paul fixed us all a drink, and we decided to exchange presents.
I received a beautiful green cashmere sweater from Paul that matched my eyes. He laughed when he saw I gave him a sweater as well. Mark loved the scarf I bought him and promptly wound it around his neck. I opened my present from Mark and was surprised to see a beautiful heart necklace.
"Oh, Mark! It's beautiful!" I exclaimed and asked him to help me put it on. As he obliged, I swear I saw Paul roll his eyes.
"Time to eat!" he said abruptly, jumped up from the sofa and started toward the dining room. Mark and I hesitated before following him. Mark pulled me tightly against him and gave me a long kiss. Paul yelled for us and we went into the dining room.
The table was gorgeous. I told Paul it was beautiful and he looked very pleased.
Paul sat at the head of the table with Mark on one side and me on the other. Mark said a prayer then we dug in. There wasn't much talking except mentions of how delicious the food was and it really was delicious.
After dinner, Paul looked at me and said to Mark, "Can I talk to you for a moment?"
They went to the living room, so I started clearing the table and washing the dishes. I was relieved that Paul was finally going to tell Mark the truth about Andy. A few minutes later I was shocked to hear them yelling at each other. Moments later, the front door slammed. I went back into the living room. Mark was gone. Paul was sitting on the sofa looking devastated. I hear a car start and speed off. I looked out the front window and saw Mark's car disappear down the road.
"Paul, I am so sorry." I went and sat beside him.
"Great idea, Emma. I'll see you at my trial!" He left the room and went upstairs. I heard him slam his bedroom door.
I felt horrible. It seemed like the longer I stayed, the worse things got. I went upstairs and knocked on Paul's door. He didn't answer. I packed my things and wrote Paul a long letter of apology, also asking him to take care of Thomas. I left the letter on the kitchen table and took my things out to the car. I looked back at the house to see if Paul was coming to stop my leaving, but no such luck. I got in, put on my favorite song, and turned up the volume.
I drove all night trying hard not to think of Paul and Mark. I thought about Will an how much I missed him. I wanted things to go back the way they were. I started to think about Andy but I couldn't handle it. I pushed thoughts of Andy out of my mind.
I arrived home sleep deprived and hyped up on lots of bad coffee. I knew I was in trouble when I reached the long drive to the farm. Evidently I had snowed a lot since I was gone and the county does not plow past the main roads. I got maybe a quarter of the way down before I got hung up. I put on my hat and gloves, put my phone in my coat pocked, zipped up my coat and started down the long drive. It was four in the morning, and I didn't have a flashlight, so I walked with the light of the moon to show me the way.
There were some faint tire tracks in the snow, and I prayed Will was there.
Besides falling face first into a large snowdrift, I arrived to the house in a relatively short amount of time. I felt a surge of joy when I saw Will's truck by the house. My joy disappeared when I noticed the house was dark. Will also had a car, and he must have left the truck until he could come back and pick it up.
I walked around to the back and unlocked the door. For the first time in my life I felt scared in my home. I wished Will was with me or Sandy. A huge bullmastiff would really have made me feel a lot safer. I walked around the first floor turning on all the lights.
I noticed there were messages on the answering machine. The first message was from Will. All he said was that he would pick up the rest of his stuff the following week. I felt tears sting my eyes. The next message was from Paul apologizing for how he acted.
I decided to call him the next day. All I wanted was to take a hot bath and go to bed with my dad's gun under my pillow.
I filled up the deep claw footed tub with very hot water. As I slipped into the water, I felt the stress slip away, not all the way, but I felt better. The only sounds I could hear were the sounds of the old house creaking and the wind. I closed my eyes and leaned back in the tub. I stayed in there until the water got too cold. I jumped out of the tub and hurried to put on my clothes while the cold air nipped at my skin.
Before going to bed, I walked down the hallway and looked into Will's room. Most of his things were gone. There were only two boxes sitting on his bed. I went to my parent's room and got my dad's magnum .357. I put the gun under a pillow on the other side of the bed, covered myself with quilts and wool blankets, and leaned back closing my eyes.
A loud knock at the door startled me out of a deep, dreamless sleep. I slipped on my robe and tucked the gun in the pocket. I walked slowly downstairs as the pounding continued. It was someone at the back door. Even before I got to the door, I could see it was Mark.
I was so happy to see him. I ran to the door and pulled him in. I hugged him tightly and told him I was so glad to see him. "Come on in and sit down." I put on some coffee as he sat down at the kitchen table.
"Emma, I'm so sorry to come here so unexpected and wake you up. I had to tell you in person."
"Tell me what?" I asked, immediately on edge. No one drove seven hundred miles to break good news.
"I'm sorry. Paul was arrested for Andy's murder."
"Mark, that is crazy. Paul loved Andy. He never would have killed her."
"It looks like she started seeing someone else and Paul was jealous. I'm sorry. We found her journal." I forgot about Andy's journal. She wrote down everything. It seemed strange we hadn't found it when I was there.
"Where was her journal?" I asked, trying to take it all in.
"We found her journal in her truck." This seemed strange to me, but I guess Andy was so scared she left it. Usually she kept the journal at home, but maybe that changed.
Again, I felt anger at myself for not calling Andy more, checking in on her. I should have known more.
Mark took off his jacket and hung it on the back of the kitchen chair. I looked at him and noticed he looked exhausted. He had driven all those hundreds of miles to tell me about Paul so I wouldn't hear it on the news. "I'm so sorry, Mark. Come on in to the living room and rest on the sofa. I'll bring you some coffee." He started to protest but I held up my hand. "I don't want to hear any more right now. I can't take it." He nodded and followed me to the living room.
"Okay, lay down and rest." He slipped his boots off and laid down on the sofa. I covered him with a throw, and he closed his eyes. "How do you want your coffee?" I asked. "Black, " he muttered, not opening his eyes.
A few minutes later I came in with his coffee, but he was fast asleep. I looked out back and saw the truck Mark must have drove. It was huge. No wonder it made it down the lane. I wasn't sure what to do. Mark was snoring in the next room and I was so tired.
I decided to go back to bed. I noticed Mark's coat and picked it up to hang it in the closet. I felt something heavy in the pocket. I pulled it out and saw a large envelope addressed to me. I shivered and felt cold sweat drip down my back. As I pulled Andy's journal from the envelope, I felt sheer panic. At that moment I knew it was Mark, not Paul who had killed Andy. I ran across to the phone. I picked up the phone and started dialing 911. No dial tone! I jumped as I heard footsteps behind me. Mark was standing with a gun. It was pointed at me.
"I wish you hadn't seen that," he said calmly. He looked disappointed.
I slowly reached into the robe pocket and felt the gun. "Why?" I asked, but I knew.
It was the opposite of what I had thought. Mark found out Andy was seeing someone else, Paul, and killed Andy. Andy was trying to save Paul from Mark.
As Mark started to explain, I tuned him out. I thought about Andy with her throat slit dying in the house she loved. I felt the gun again. I wondered if I could shoot him and get away. Then, something he said caught my attention. He said baby.
"What did you say?" I asked.
"I didn't want to kill you, because we're going to have a baby," he said. He looked sadly at me. Now, if I had any doubt before, I knew he was crazy.
"Mark, you are crazy." I whispered. "We didn't have sex."
"We did. You just don't remember it." He smiled.
I thought of the one night we spent together. My arm hurt. The spot that Mark said was a spider bite. What had really happened that night? I looked at Mark, and I hated him with a passion. I pulled out the gun, and he almost looked like he was going to laugh.
"What do you think you are going to do with that?" He smiled and stepped one step closer.
I didn't blink. I pointed the gun straight at his head. "I told you I could shoot." Then I pulled the trigger. He jumped out of the way, but the bullet caught him in the shoulder and he fell down. Unfortunately, I dropped the gun. I ran out the back door towards the barn.

Chapter Twenty-three
Wearing only socks and my robe with flannel pjs underneath, I ran out the back door.
The moment I ran out the back door, the cold hit me. Of course, it was snowing once again. I knew Mark wasn't dead and couldn't be far behind. I ran the fifty yards to the barn. Tears stung my eyes as I ran. I was terrified and alone with an insane man chasing me.
My instinct told me to hide. It was the only choice I had. I ran into the barn and I thought of the horses. Maybe I could ride to safety, but they were gone. They were probably at Mr. Wilson's too. I climbed up the ladder that led to the hayloft. I found a pitchfork and took it with me. I had behind some bales of hay and waited.
The only sound I could hear was my own breathing. It sounded so loud to me that I was afraid Mark would hear it too. I could see my breath in front of me. I was so cold and so scared.
I could see the opening where the ladder went down to the main floor. It was the only way to reach the hayloft. When Mark came through the opening, I would have to ambush him.
After what seemed like an eternity, I heard someone enter the barn. They moved quietly around below me. I waited anxiously for him to appear. I couldn't see very well, but I was sure I would see him enter the hayloft. I heard someone on the ladder. I edged closer, waiting. A shape appeared through the opening and I charged with the pitchfork.
He didn't have time to react. I struck him in the stomach, and then I noticed it wasn't Mark. The pain in Will's eyes broke me. He fell backward and hit the floor hard. I screamed out for him, "Will!" but he didn't answer.
Then, I heard Mark laugh. "Now that was unexpected. At least you saved me the trouble of killing him. Don't worry, baby! I'll be right up!" he yelled. "Nice shot, Emma! Got him with a pitchfork, huh? You're a lot tougher than your sister. I'll say that for you. Maybe I'd better shoot him. You know. Just to make sure he's dead."
"You're a coward!" I yelled. "Come and get me you dumb son of a bitch. No wonder Andy wanted to leave you. You psycho dumb ass!" I put the pitchfork on the right side by the hay bale, grabbed a two by four and went to the opposite side of the opening and stood in the shadows. I took a hand full of horse feed and waited. I heard Mark coming. As he got to the top of the ladder, I threw the horse feed near the pitchfork. He glanced that way for a second, but that was all I needed. I swung the two by four with all my might and hit him squarely on the back of the head. I heard him hit the ground, but I didn't look. I ran to the window of barn, and I jumped.
Evidently when I jumped, I knocked myself unconscious. When I woke up, I was in a hospital. In the bed beside me was Will. He wasn't awake, but the nurse told me he would live.
Moments later, a police officer came in and told me that they couldn't find Mark. He was gone. His truck was gone. Even his jacket and Andy's journal. Paul showed up the next day. He had never been arrested. Mark made it up. He was coming to kill me and pin it on Paul. I was sure of it. No one knew who called 911. The call came from a cell phone that couldn't be traced. Could it have been Mark? I guess it was, but I wasn't sure why. Not then.
Two months later, as I settled back into my life, things were good. Will moved back. We were trying to take our time but I knew I loved him, and he knew I loved him. Life was better than it had been for a very long time. Winter was over. Spring was here.
Perfect, I thought. Spring was the perfect time for a new beginning. I still had nightmares occasionally, but they grew less and less. I had Will to wake up next to and that helped a lot. I figured I had enough misery and tragedy to last me a lifetime.
One day I woke up feeling nauseous. The feeling returned for several days. When I went to my doctor, I found out I was pregnant. I was shocked. Will and I had been very careful. Will was happier than I had ever seen him. He started making plans for a wedding at the farm and for a nursery for the baby. I was happy too, until I thought about what Mark had said. It couldn't be true. Could it? I looked at Will and forced a smile.

