


GARCIAS PARADISE
by
Neal Donohue



Smashwords Edition
Copyright  2014 by Neal Donohue
All Rights Reserved



ZAPATAS LEGACY


Skeletons, loose-jointed and lanky, loom before my very eyes, standing proud, tall, and defiantly about my bed. They point and curl their white, boned fingers, beckoning me to come. I rise in the dark of night, condemned. I was never inclined to move into their world, and less inclined to trust these shadows of death. But they refuse to leave me, now. They always refuse to leave. I stand alone, bearing witness, condemned to say, yesone more time. So, naked I arise, trembling with fears, and aware I have ended my journey.
Nothing is left for me to say, nothing is left to accomplish. For those few who follow me, take care. Beware as you venture down upon broken ruins, and ancient highways, steeped with traps made to break hearts, or create heroes. The wistful breeze of summer no longer lingers after the willow dies; so too when the dove sings his song of love. I surmise the Day of the Dead is fast approaching, and is mine alone. It is my skeleton who now beckons others to follow. It is I, who dance upon the the cobble stones of history, clattering down dark corridors of time.
Read my tale as if it were yours; when all deeds are done, and your fate declared. You must play your part without regret. It is the evening of discontent, a dirge begun without delight. So, celebrate the dance of life, and the dance of night. Neither plead, nor linger longer then the good measure offered you. This is your story, your curtain, your time to open the final door to revolution.

Buena Suerte!



CHAPTER ONE


The horseflies covered Stiglers head like a black bonnet. High atop of the city dump, his severed head was no longer attached to his body, but I doubt he minded. He was dead. And I was disappointed. He was my last hope of reaching Juan Carlos Garcia.
The Mexican sun now reached its zenith, creating a blistering heat that surrounded the debris of the city dump that had begun to stink.
I wondered why Stigler considered his Chicago expertise of any use in this furnace of hell. Arrogance, I suppose. He was a clever man, given to smart remarks, and loud-colored Hawaiian shirts. In Mexico, he was an eyesore. My memory of him was cheap perfume and a garish assortment of rings lodged on fingers, nose, and ears, and who knows where else. Even for a drug dealer he was gaudy, terribly dressed and easy to spot. Impressive in a whorehouse, but in Ixtepec he was destined to become food for flies.
Yesterday I talked to him of conditional surrender. Yesterday, he said he would think about it. Yesterday he was alive. Now, the burning breeze swept across my eyes like a razor as I stood wearily above his head, watching an army of lizards scurry from one empty beer-can to another, fleeing the fierce sunlight. It must have been a hundred degrees and I couldnt breathe anything except the rotting flesh of Stiglers head lying beneath my feet. Oddly enough, as dead as he was, both blue eyes remained wide open staring back at me, while his mouth still smiled. The only difference was his gold tooth was visible, jutting out from his shriveled lips; a suitable epitaph to his short, foolish life.
I covered my nose with my handkerchief as I stumbled back down the garbage heap into an adjoining parking lot. My job was over. I had failed. I was tired, much too tired to care any longer. I needed sleep and I needed a drink. Perhaps I needed to be drunk. A couple of shots of Tequila would make the bliss of moonlight return, but a public cantina was now dangerous, and one drink wouldnt be enough. I might not make it back to my hotel, either alone or alive. So, I bought a carafe of wine at the local Mercado and strolled back, brushing aside the marching thoroughfare of laborers heading out towards work. It was an hour later that I arrived at my temporary domicile at the Hotel Allegre.
Why cut off his head? A bullet would have done the trick. Obviously, it was a message from the Cartel, one which you never got twice. Stiglers detached head spoke volumes,... Go home, Yankee! We dont need no stinkin badges! 
They knew. They knew I was here. They knew exactly who I was, and where I lived. But worst of all they were more than willing to give me the same farewell, but decided not to. So, it was a happy ending after all for everybody, except Stigler.
As I swung wide the glass pane entry to the hotel, I caught sight of the reflection of a white limousine parked directly across the street. Oddly, this neighborhood neither owned limousines, nor taxis. I held my breath as I sensed the drama had not ended. It was only beginning. I wondered what else they needed to say to me, or worse, what they needed to do.
I cautiously climbed each flight of the rickety, wooden stairs, as if it were a gallows. I knew they were up there, and they were waiting inside my hotel room. I could have run, but I realized if I had been marked, I would have been lying dead next to Stigler, as well.
I was staying in a run down hotel, though I could have afforded better, but I also could have dressed better, but wouldnt. Each detail an agent exposed to locals was not only noticed, it was potentially fatal. Even a child would notice that your expensive suit was out of place for a Gringo. In two decades of foreign work, I had learned that details shouted louder than any voice. One careless mistake, as simple as the wrong jewelry, could be a matter of life or death.
I knew agents who had destroyed months of work, and sometimes themselves with a stupid remark, or a social indiscretion. Americans not seen as bums, or touristes, were always suspect.
My heart started racing as I climbed that stairwell. When I reached the top I halted, listened, but heard nothing. I unlocked my door, swung it wide, and was enveloped by a silent, black chasm of mystery.
I groped for the light-switch, but suddenly heard what I dreaded most. It was the disjointed English of an intruder.
Stay dark, my friend. We talk. You close door.
I did as ordered. No doubt the Mexican had all the unseen forces of death at his disposal. I noticed an orange glow from my kitchen table and a shadowy image emerge each time he inhaled his tobacco.
This Stigler...you friend?
Si, I answered.
Stupid man...no?
Well, no longer stupid..., I offered with resignation, ...just dead.
The Mexican found my remark amusing. Just dead? Si, Stigler no esta estupido...esta muerto!  Then added, He no longer anything. He nothing! He laughed at his own joke.
It explained the simplicity of his secret world. I froze and remained quiet. He went on to explain, You Stigler, he no listen...he no live. Digame, Senor Calvin, you not like you friend, are you?
They were soft words spoken with the diplomacy of a scorpion. My name sounded strangely terminal as he uttered it. I was not sure I was getting out of that hotel alive, as I began sweating, my heart pounding like a jack-hammer.
I carefully answered, No, not a bit like him. Im not stupid.
You know who I am?
I assume you are Senor Juan Carlos Garcia.
Si, senor!  He felt delighted to have a reputation, and to hear his name mentioned by an American with such respect. I knew it wouldnt last long.
Ill leave tomorrow, I offered, holding my breath, then waited for his response. The next word would decide my fate.
He coughed on his cigar smoke, then laughed. America very nice country. You have Disneyland. You have fat children...plenty of chickens. Nice place to livenice place to die. You want to die in America, Mr. Calvin?
Sure, doesnt everybody. I had no idea I would say something so stupid, but it had the ring of an unspoken contract. It meant freedom. It meant my life. More importantly, it was what he wanted to hear.
I heard him moving. He rose from the kitchens wicker chair and slowly walked towards my hotel door. The conversation was over. Alongside him I heard the rustle of two other shadows following him. I expected as much. The orange glow of his cigar swung back and forth like a pendulum as he crossed the room. But suddenly he stopped at the door, turned, and declared,You go back to America, Senor Calvin. You friend, Stiglerhe stay in garbage dump. Again he laughed, but this time it was harsh, and filled with all the satisfaction of revenge.
Snapping his fingers a match was lit for his extinguished cigar. He inhaled it and the orange glow illuminated his face. He had a large round head with wide black eyes that glared down at me, only a yard away.
Cuban! he declared proudly. It was the last word he would utter. He opened the door and a slight beam of light broke through. Besides noting a well tailored white suit, a red tie, and a red ruby on a golden ring on his left ear, I saw the tainted glory of his reputation; an old knife scar carved down the left side of his cheek, stark and forbidding. Undoubtedly, for him a badge of honor, a price paid for success in his world.
Two tall, bearded, thugs stood beside him, one with a revolver pointed directly at me; the other holding a withering match for his boss. Garcias cold eyes examined me from head to toe with the clinical expression of death, as he puffed away. His laughter hid a face without a hint of joy, simply death and victory.
He wore cuff-links of diamonds and silver, with fingernails that were polished and manicured. He expressed no fear, no concern. He had none. His whole business was calculating the cost of life, and he knew his bodyguards would end mine in a second if he simply flicked an ash from his Cuban cigar. Thankfully, he didnt. He was satisfied that I understood what was expected of me, a verbal contract had been made. He opened the door and walked out. Both thugs followed, walking backwards, never taking their eyes off of me. I didnt budge until the last one gently shut the door behind him, leaving me in the dark.
Relieved to be safe, I stood motionless in the center of my dark silent room as I listened to all three men descend the wooden flight of stairs. When they reached bottom, the hotel door swung open on a set of rusty hinges, then quickly slammed shut. I grabbed my cell phone, pushed one button, and waited a minute. Suddenly, I heard a voice from a distant land utter a familiar refrain, Well, is Stigler going to talk?
Not likely, I replied. He no longer has a head.
What the hell is that suppose to mean?
His employer cut it off, and he and his two bodyguards just wished me safe passage back to America.
Well, stay there and find out from those locals what you can.
I dont think so. Right now, the locals are picking gold out of Stiglers teeth. Its unlikely they want to fill out any government forms.
Then you got nothing, Calvin?
I wouldnt say that. I still got my ass. That should count for something. Ill be back in the States by tomorrow.
You have a job to do, damn it!
Im getting static on my phone.
Dont give me that shit..., he hollered.
I hung up.
I knew now I could sleep, and sleep safely. Without removing my clothes, I rolled over onto my bed, and mindlessly reached across my three legged lamp-stand that passed for a table. I grabbed the carafe of wine I bought, unscrewed the cap, and took the longest swig in my life. Several ounces drowned my gullet at once. I waited for the burning to subside, and the sedative to work its magic. Slowly my racked nerves settled. As it did, I smiled. It stung like hell, but I didnt care. I had just won the Mexican lottery.



CHAPTER TWO


The sun rose slowly over the Mexican mountains as it had done for centuries, but this morning it seemed different, at least for me. Light entered my bedroom, bright with a fresh cool breeze, and songs from birds that greeted me. I had left my windows open and now I could hear the sound of drizzle against my window pane facing the balcony. It felt remarkably good to be alive; unexpected, yet good. Below, in the cobblestone streets, I heard sounds of Mexican children running down streets, kicking a soccer ball while hollering, expecting others to pass it off.
The laborers had begun their morning shuffle down the familiar boulevards with well-worn boots, darting from cars and trucks, marching madly off to work. The city buses churned and burned black diesel fuel into the thoroughfare, as old Mexican women bantered loudly across laundry-lines, strung high and tight across rooftops.
I rose from my bed, still clothed from the night before. I felt a sharp pain in my head throbbing and was glad it was only a hangover. Carefully, I strode into the kitchen where I grabbed the cold coffee from a pot left on the stove. I poured it into a glass and downed it, then searched my valise to remove my firearm and slipped it snugly into my holster. I had finally begun my long deserved journey back to America. I called the airport and arranged what was needed for a flight ticket, then after breakfast in the hotel lobby I called lovely Ana.
A mortal threat is not to be treated lightly, yet with one day remaining before my flight my thoughts lingered over a beautiful woman I now regretted leaving. I called and told her we would have a special dinner for the evening, and a special gift for our short love affair. Some part of my reasoning was giving her fair warning, the other was having an enjoyable end to my voyage into hell. She agreed, and so I chose a popular restaurant for the Sunday evening, my last supper before leaving.
Love was never so pronounced in Mexico as with Sunday evenings enshrined by Mexican families for their festivities, especially as many journeyed to sit quietly at outdoor cafes, as faithfully as going to Church to enjoy tradition. It was foreign to me, not ever a part of my life, yet I felt a small touch of it, as I would usually sit alone, wondering and watching as an outsider. I could see it, and feel it, but never enjoy it as they did.
That evening, I leaned over our table to Ana to raise my wine glass to hers. But behind her smile I detected in her eyes suspicion that I was hiding something.
I offered a toast, Ana, mi carrida, bessame mi suena!
I no kiss. You buy dinner, then kiss. You think I Mexican bore!
I-uhwhat? Confused, I inquired,What do you mean,a Mexican bore?
Bore! I say, bore! she repeated angrily. You now leave me, because you think I Mexican bore.
No! You dont understand! It suddenly dawned on me what her limited English had meant. She sat there furious, her arms folded, not touching her glass of Sangria. I tried my best to appease.
Ana, I love you. Whats wrong? Would you like something special?
After a minute of stern silence, she unfolded her arms. I no more want wine...Coca-Cola!
Coca-Cola? I replied, dumbfounded.
I say, Coca-Cola, she demanded.
Sure. I called the waiter, Camerero, traigame una Coca-Cola.
Si, senor. The waiter darted back into the cafe and around the counter to retrieve one of those old fashioned bottles of the beverage which was no longer used in the States, and came back along with a sparkling clean glass, filled with ice cubes. Placing it on his tray, he dashed back around and gently placed it in front of Ana.
Treinta pesos, senor?
I handed him thirty-five.
Gracias.
De nada.
The waiter poured the coke down the side of her brightly polished glass while she smiled like a child, watching the effervescent foam mushroom up from the bottom.
Mi suena carrida, I offered once more.
Si, mi amo? She smiled, as her temperament momentarily settled.
Immediately, she became the petite princess I had so quickly fallen in love with. I whispered,I have sad news, Ana. Ahora, yo soy un hombre que muy trieste. I will be going home... Yo soy irando a los Estados Unidos, manana...to the USA, tomorrow morning.
I waited. She didnt disappoint me. Her fascination with her drink came to an abrupt halt, as she recalled why she was angry.
No, you not! she blurted. Her dark eyes flared back, as her voice cracked with fury. You no go! I angry with you.
But I must. My job demands I return to the States.
But you say you love me! You can not do.
I must do.
No, you not!
Then it began. The tears, the sobbing, the flooding of her sweet little face, and she had no desire to stop because I had absolutely no power to stop her. I was only a man. This was Mexico. And she was a woman. For five eternal minutes she howled and sobbed in the cafe, surrounded by sympathetic families, all out for their Sunday sabbath. Her weeping drew the attention of everyone in the restaurant. This was one weapon I was ill equipped to fight. I had no defense. It was excruciating as she sat there, deliberately embarrassing me. I sat in silence wondering why men could not get away with this ploy. Most families turned towards our table. The husbands understood. They politely turned away, but their wives immediately took sides and glared at me, indignant. They knew I had broken her heart. I was guilty of the worse type of crime a man could commit against a woman. I was a wolf, and I sensed that they wondered if Ana was pregnant. If so, that would have been monstrous.
But Ana, I will be back, I lied.
You lie! she shouted.
...Oh, my God, stop it! I promise you Ill....
You lie to me! You dont keep promise.
Please, keep it down.
I keep nothing down!
Just then a five year old cherub, donned in her Sunday best with pink dress, black glossy shoes and white socks, skipped up to our table. She smiled at Ana, and handed her a handful of hard, red candy. I held my breath for ten long seconds. It was touch and go. With great reluctance Ana slowly reached over and accepted it.
Gracias, mi poca suena.
De nada, senora. The delicate child smiled sweetly, as only innocence can, then turned around and stuck her tongue out at me, then skipped back to her parents at the far end of the cafe. She was quickly uplifted by her father and hugged, while her mother looked at me with apprehension. I softly kissed Anas cheek, took her arm in my own and gently led her down the avenida. The night was still young and it was warm and, gratefully the moon was full. The small stores were illuminated with a multitude of tinsel-colored lights along the esplanade of the small town.
Guitars were playing in the gazebo of the square, strummed and sung by local musicians with more fervor than talent. This was Mexico, and this was Sunday. So, families returned from church and were enjoying their traditional Sunday dinner. They had come out for conversation, wine and espresso, as well as entertainment. The music lifted the spirits of everyone; everyone except two. One could feel the gentle atmosphere that allowed young lovers to linger in cafes over glasses of sangria, wholly attentive to staccato rhythms of guitars hypnotizing them.
Passing a jewelry shop that was about to close I banged on the door and waved at the reluctant owner. After several refusals, I pointed to Anas somber expression, and knew he would understand. He opened his door wide and warned, Por favor, senor. No tenga mucho tiempo. Andele!
I rushed in and pointed to a small set of elaborately ornamented emerald earrings. Estes, por favor. He gave me the set and charged me a bundle, but I felt relieved. Anas eyes lit up like lanterns. Staring up at me with wonderment, she suddenly hugged me, smiling from ear to ear.
It was a welcomed relief, even if short lived. As we turned the corner, I was suddenly brought down to earth. I saw two stern men standing at my hotel entrance as if guarding it, and regrettably they were. One was serious and impeccably dressed, a man in a clean white suit, wearing black rimmed glasses, and appearing as if reading his newspaper. He was accompanied by a taller, more pedestrian fellow possessing muscles that stretched his red T-shirt across his chest, all highlighting a scowling face. He knew who I was, and he felt no restraint to reveal his scorn. There was no mistaking it. Garcia was not a careless man. I immediately changed my mind, turned, and took Ana back to her familys home. I had lingered too long. I kissed her and sadly said good-night, promising her I would call her tomorrow and would even stay in town. I then sauntered back to my squalid, lonely room to pack my bag for the States.
I left for the airport thirty minutes later, and within an hour sat alone, awaiting a connecting flight to an international flight in Guadalajara. I sat sadly watching the small hand on the airports clock crawl slowly up and around the twelve, a half-dozen times, clutching my boarding ticket as if it were a life preserver, wishing to end this misadventure quickly. The Cessna finally arrived at six that morning and flew me to Guadalajara. I left with regrets, because my better angels told me to stay. But heroism has its time and its place, and that time had not yet arrived.



CHAPTER THREE


It was the end. I had resolved that my time was finished after thirty years of service, twenty-five in intelligence, and five in the DEA. I had seen the world evolve, change, and propel itself like a asteroid into another dimension in the last few years. With advancements in technology I knew that not only my kind, but my expertise as an agent, was no longer needed in this brave new world.
Any youth would call it bitterness, but theres a time and place for everything, and mine had deservedly passed. I did the best with skills I possessed, and worked in a career few could bare, understand or even for that matter desire. It was dangerous occupation and sometimes thankless. Memories of my youth in the Company, tied to adventures in Europe, Africa, and Central America had rushed through my head as I sat and waited for my flight back to the States which finally landed in Guadalajara.
I walked to the gateway for the flight to the city of Dallas, and safely entered the Delta plane which was ready to take off. But Providence stepped in. The plane failed to take off at the appointed time. The passengers were confined for nearly fifty minutes without a single announcement from the cock-pit. Finally, from my window I spotted two armed Mexican soldiers marching along the runway, and realized the delay had to do with them, and quite possibly me. With rifles loosely slung, they labored up the flight of stairs until reaching the top of the platform, where they were personally greeted by the pilot and then led into his flight cabin. A moment later they exited and quite casually began pushing their way through the crowded aisles, checking for passports, and eying passengers with an intense concern to identify someone. As I feared, that someone was me. Both soldiers came to an abrupt halt where I sat, looked at each other in agreement, and then the taller one asked:
Senor Calvin?
I raised my eyes, disillusioned and angry. My first thought was, Calvin? Never heard of him. But instead found myself giving in.
Yes, how can I help you?
Passaporte, senor!
Curtly, the shorter soldier, sporting an outlandish, bushy, mustache added,You will please step outside. The Mexican military wishes to speak to you.
The entire army? I shot back. I hadnt gotten those clever words out of my mouth, when the airline intercom interrupted.
Ladies and Gentleman, our flight to Dallas, Texas, will be taking off in approximately five minutes. On behalf of the pilot and crew of Delta airlines we would like to wish all of you a most enjoyable flight. This message will now repeat itself in Spanish....
Five minutes? Thats not possible, I thought. Who was pulling the strings? Who the hell was doing this to me? I glared back at the two soldiers and demanded,This is a mistake! My flight to the United States is taking off.
Unimpressed, the smaller one repeated himself, Senor Calvin, we must ask you to step off this plane, and accompany us to the military station.
You dont understand....
The taller soldier confirmed the order, You must accompany us to the the military station. We need to ask you some questions. Please rise and follow us, now. His partner cleared his throat with an air of detachment, while looking about the plane at passengers who had grown intrigued by my situation. When I looked around every head turned aside, or down into their newspapers, at least the polite ones did.
I wondered if the soldiers understood a word I said, or even cared. They had their orders.
Cautiously, I rose and stepped between the two, whose rifles still swung loosely about their shoulders like carry-on bags, nearly hitting me, as well as others. I obliged, and followed them off and down the ramp. I hadnt stood one minute on the tarpon when I heard the loading-door slam shut behind me, and then watched the mobile stairs rolled away by four airport workers. Suddenly, I heard the plane revving its engine.
I glared at the soldiers, attempting to exact some information from their cold stares, but they remained unperturbed.
Thats my damn plane, I shouted over the airplanes roar.
The short soldier simply shrugged, returned a smile, then proudly pointed at his stripes, declaring his authority.
What the hell is wrong with you people? That was my flight to the United States, I repeated.
He looked back without a hint of concern, then lifted his finger, this time pointing at the airport hanger where we were headed. Neither one seemed impressed with my complaints, nor would they reply. They knew their routine, and knew what I didnt know; that I was not leaving Mexico, not even if it started snowing in hell.
I was humiliated. They were nothing but teenagers. Neither one was twenty, but both tried hiding it by keeping dead cigarette butts dangling from their mouth as they marched me back to the airport. Getting inside, we approached the entrance to the military office labeled, El Estacion Militario Del Gobierno Mexico. The small one was in charge of swinging open the door, while the taller one was in charge of frisking me before entering.
Again I asked, Why are you keeping me? What exactly have I done? I need to get back to my plane this minute. Im an American citizen.
It was a banal statement. Hearing myself say it made me cringe.
As they entered the office, both placed the cigarette butts into their pockets. Obviously, they were aware of the importance of props. Then I noticed a third soldier, the commander, standing at the far end of what was obviously his office.
With disinterest, he refused to turn around. He kept watching the skyline from his window, arms clasped behind his back, looking at an assortment of planes rise and descend along the tarmac. It was practically a minute before he strategically turned around and took notice of my entry. Slowly, he walked over to his desk and sat down.
I noted his well starched uniform touted more medals than Napoleon Bonaparte, with dozens of ribbons to boot. I could not fathom what Mexican war he had fought in for him to get so many. Though he made a point of appearing bored, his stare revealed intense disinterest in me. He cocked his head, raised his eyebrows, then extended his palm, Passaporte, senor?
The taller soldier stepped up and repeated his request like a parrot, Passaporte, senor?
I handed it to him.
The soldier approached his superior, and bowed deferentially, as he handed it to him, Capitan Rocco, este es el pasaporte.
The officer took it without inspecting it, then casually lit a cigarette. As he inhaled he lifted my passport up to a swinging light bulb above his head, and then examined it, occasionally shifting his eyes back to me, as if doubting I was the same man inside the photo. It was a notable performance.
Suddenly, I heard a nearby plane roar down the tarmac attempting to lift off. It had to be mine. You cant hold me here, Im an American.... I declared again, repeating those awful words.
I cant? he replied in perfect English, somewhat amused by my statement.
I demand you release me this minute.
He smiled, I see. Well, I am Captain Rocco of the Mexican Military. I am in charge of protecting this airport. We must keep airports secure from possible danger, especially terrorists.
Terrorists? But my name is Mark Calvin, and I work for the American government. I am not a terrorist. Theres no reason on the face of the earth for you to remove me from my plane, or hold me in your country.
We are not holding you, Mr. Calvin. Here is your passport.
Everything appears to be in order. You may go.
I had to catch my breath. I didnt believe what I heard. I repeated his statement with amazement,Go? Why the hell did you have to take me off my airplane to do this? My flight to Texas just took off without me.
It was then my blood-pressure skyrocketed. I suspected this was happening all along, but I didnt expect such drama. It was all pretense, and now I wondered if I was ever getting back to America, alive.
Sensing my frustration, he shrugged,There will be more planes for you tomorrow, unless of course we have need of you, Mr. Calvin.
Picking up my passport, I glared at him,Did you say, unless we have need of you? Once again his eyes averted mine. He rose from his black leather chair, turned his back and walked away, deciding to entertain himself by staring out his bay window at the panorama of green mountains, and migrating geese with both hands locked tightly behind his back.
I hollered, I know why you did this! I know damn well who told you to do this. Im not stupid, amigo.
He turned and glared. I am not your amigo, Mr. Calvin. And yes, Im sure you are not stupid, he retorted, as his own anger flared. The pencil in his palm cracked in half, as his fist crushed it. I said, you may leave my office. You will please follow my orders and my soldiers, right this minute!
Now, I knew. Had it been the Cartel, he would have been a calm, smiling sleaze-bag, but then I would have been as good as dead. But he wasnt, because he was taking orders from an American in Dallas.
Quickly those two soldiers ushered me out, and left me stranded in the middle of the airport lobby, amidst a host of travelers rushing about; shoving, pushing, and waiting upon friends or family for ensuing flights. The constant clatter and yelling numbed my ears as I tried to reconnoiter my situation. My heart slipped onto the floor. I felt numb and lost in a cacophony of sounds from the airport, not knowing what else I was to expect.
Meanwhile, families with children yelled, played, rushed back and forth, and occasionally pushed me aside for their toys or friends, like I was a misplaced chair. I stepped over to the platform window and glimpsed at all the planes landing and taking off. One was circling high and ever so slowly above the airport, gracefully swirling into a host of bright white cumulus clouds covering the green, snow-topped mountains. The jumbo jet grew smaller, and smaller, and smaller, then disappeared altogether into a cloud.
I was suppose to be on that plane.
The sun illuminated the blue sky, as the August breezes lifted hoards of migratory geese up into V-formations as they finished their long flight back South for the winter. It was a beautiful day, if you had nothing to do, but unfortunately I had something to do.
So, I decided to make the best of a bad situation. I bought a bottle of beer and watched the scenery outside the airport for the next few hours. It wasnt long before I got a grip on myself, and allowed my thoughts the luxury of drifting. With a few more beers, I was calm enough to consider leaving the Company as soon as I got back. But then my memory suddenly slipped back decades where it found a resting place in Lagos, Nigeria.

Mark, I will always remember you and your country. Till we meet again in heaven!
I watched the young revolutionarys face brighten into a broad smile, then hug me.
And I, as well, Samson.
He extended his black hand to bid me farewell. I took and shook it. He then jumped into a military jeep and was driven away from the airport by his own soldier, as I boarded a jet back to America.

That was twenty years ago. I had no idea I could still remember his smile. But now, his country was a bloodbath of revolution, and violence was the rule of the day. In the final year of his presidency I read the tragic report of a Nigerian President who had been assassinated in yet, another coup. It was him. But a long time ago it was a blessing to be in Nigeria, and he thanked me and his God for my friendship.
Lagos, Nigeria possessed the brightest blue skies, patched at times with rain clouds, where exotic birds flew according to season, both north and south. I could still hear the tribal drums beating in the background, as well as the common greetings and farewells of schoolchildren gathering around me, singing sweetly melodies of love and respect. I was an intelligence agent then, but no longer needed in his country. That assignment was a young mans luxury, to gamble in the trail of political intrigues, entwined as I had been with assassins and makeshift revolutionaries declaring democracy, yet quickly enforcing the same tyranny they had crushed. Perhaps this was a necessary evil. I had no stomach for the work that followed most victories of freedom fighters. It was complicated and I had never lived nor suffered under brutal dictatorships, nor did I know of the death of loved ones for the long decades that these people had suffered. I had no idea why revenge and rage marked their behavior as each new regime established a freedom forged with an iron fist, a sharp machete, and quick seizure of mineral rights where all real power resided. America was my frame of reference, and my job was helping the outcast and the oppressed for freedom. How they secured it, or distributed it, was never my business.
After years as president, Samson Ogundipe was strangled in his sleep at his Presidential palace by his brother-in-law, after having celebrated his sixtieth birthday.
Nigerian folk songs rang in my head, May sleep be deep, and offer the kiss of peace for those that fight to free the sheep. Samson was a remarkable man until the very end, and the Nigerian nights I spent with my friend and his dreams of freedom taught me about human dignity. All I ever wished for in those violent days was a good nights sleep, loyal friends, and adventure.



CHAPTER FOUR


So, you discovered an entire pound of marijuana inside Mr. Calderons suitcase?
Yes, sir, we certainly did, the young DEA agent boasted, who along with his partner, had arrested a migrant farm worker crossing the boarder with contraband.
The Dallas director of the Department of Drug Enforcement feverishly twisted a pen through his hand, as he glanced up from his desk at Agent Phil Melendez and his partner, Agent Saul Harkin. Both recruits looked back at the Director, smiling but dumbfounded by his irritation. Director Cruz feigned appreciation with a grin, unintentionally twisting his lips into a frightening snarl, before asking, Gentlemen, how does a seventy year old migrant worker command your priceless attention while sneaking this great cargo of marijuana into our country? This is sixteen ounces of marijuana, isnt it?
Yes, sir! Melendez readily agreed. We had our eyes open a long time, and we caught him red-handed. Buttoning his suit, Melendez attempted some semblance of propriety as he realized his boss was actually upset.
The directors eyebrows shot up, Caught who? Who exactly did you catch, Melendez? Hes a migrant worker who doesnt even have teeth. What about the other eight hundred cherry pickers you missed, today? Theyre probably all headed for Montana this minute to sell reefers to some half-crazed rancher whos giving away his cows. Do me a favor, gentlemenconsider making good use of the tax payers money in the future, and chase the cartel!
Harkin looked at his partner in disbelief. But the director of the DEA continued from his desk, ...that is, if you dont mind. He glanced up at Saul Harkin, who was about the same age as Melendez, at twenty-four. Harkin was absentmindedly gazing out the window until he recognized the sarcasm.
Mr. Harkin, did you hear me? His question was meant to indicate they could now leave his office, yet neither one understood. So, Director Cruz asked again, with a stronger sense of urgency, I said, would that be acceptable with you, Mr. Harkin?
WhateverI mean, yes sir!
Director Cruz ignored his response, and looked at the Mexicans green card and recited, Senor Miguel Calderon; agricultural laborer, plumber, electrician and custodial engineer...custodial engineer? You caught a seventy year old Mexican who cleans toilets?
The Director rose from his desk and approached the recruits, who suddenly stiffened, remaining motionless. Cruz was forced to stare up at Harkin, who at six-foot six was an imposing young man from Billings, Montana. He towered over his boss. In fact, he towered over most people, and was not ashamed of it.
The Director lifted a computer printout off his desk, This document says Mr. Calderon is the father of ten children and grandfather of fifty-two grandchildren, and doesnt speak a word of English. But you, and your partner, eagle-eye Melendez, caught him red-handed without a fight. Congratulations! He forced a laugh, defying Harkin to respond as he inched up to him. Perhaps, Mr. Harkin, you would like to teach a class on entrapping senior citizens? Did you know that this old man was so frightened he literally pissed in his pants when I interviewed him? Look at my white carpet, Harkin?
Harkin seemed confused.
I said, look at my damn carpet! the director repeated.
He pointed down at a six inch yellow circle in front of Harkins feet. Rashly, the young man responded, A bit of bleach should take that out, sir. For the first time that day, Harkin regretted opening his mouth.
Cruz glared up at him, the smoke of hell seething from his nostrils. Really? Thank you, Mr. Harkin. If Im lucky, I can hire Senor Calderon to clean up this whole mess when hes through picking cherries. The director walked back to his desk, sat back down, then exploded, How the hell did you two get into my department?
Agent Melendez offered, Sir, we have our eyes open for another suspect flying in from Guadalajara this afternoon.
There was dead silence in the Dallas Office. The Director lifted his hand to his forehead. Neither one of the three men spoke for nearly a minute as Cruz attempted to calm himself. He inhaled deeply, then whispered without lifting his eyes, Please, get out of my officeboth of you. Thats an order. Right now. I want both of you out of my sight.
Sir, Harkin added, ...did you notice Calderons green card has expired?
That was all the director could take. He no longer believed he was having a conversation with an adult, or dealing with drug enforcement agents. I dont want to talk to you anymore, Harkin. Is that understood? Get out of my office! And you, Melendez, he added, ...you have an assignment for Guadalajara to help Agent Mark Calvin. Hopefully, your partner will be able to figure out what youre doing. I want both of you to head out now, listen to Calvin and do as he says, hes our best field agent. Report back to me as needed. Got that?
Yes, sir.
Both of you have a good day. Ill be expecting to hear good things. So, long.
Without blinking an eye, both recruits turned and headed for the door. Outside, Saul Harkin loosened his new, red silk tie, and unbuttoned his collar, then broke into laughter. His partner was not as cavalier. Melendez quickly pointed up to the ceiling camera, as a warning. Unperturbed, Harkin whispered, Dont worry, Phil. I dont think he watches his own channel.
He sure seemed angry, his partner warned, keeping his eyes strategically lowered.
Well, it wasnt me who got him angry. Harkin concluded.
Melendez returned a menacingly look, What the hell is that suppose to mean?
Harkin continued, We did our job. We stopped illegal drugs from coming in. What else does he expect us to do with our time? Hes just worried about being replaced from his cushy job.
Replaced? How can he? They just replaced Sullivan with him a month ago.
Well, it shows you how important his job is. Anyway, who cares? What do you feel like eating...Chinese?
Too far...Pizza?
That crap isnt good for you.
Well, I know a place that has a salad bar.
Fine. Harkin shot back, then added slyly, You feel like inviting the boss?
They both started laughing, as they strolled out of the crowded lobby, and into the parking lot.
Harkin asked, What were those orders you received?
We have to meet Mark Calvin at the Guadalajara airport.
Calvin? Hes a senior field agent, isnt he? Are we suppose to help him?
Harkin warned, as he looked at his watch,Yup, hes known to be something of a maverick, as well as a crab-ass, so try to be careful with what you say.
Melendez was baffled, once again. Me? I never say anything stupid!
Yeah, right, Harkin interjected.
Melendez changed the tone, Hes one of our top field agents.
Harkin agreed, Hes the best.
It should be an interesting day, Melendez concluded.
Well, at least we got off to a good start.
They both started laughing, again.



CHAPTER FIVE


I answered my phone at the Guadalajara airport, and heard the Dallas Directors voice, Mark, is that you?
Yes, Director Cruz. How is Dallas today?
Fine, I suppose. Listen, I need to tell you we are changing our target. We have to do it. We have a bigger and more important mission connected to Juan Carlos Garcia, and youve been chosen to take it. Im here to help you with your new assignment.
New assignment? I shot back, not about to bite. I dont have any new assignment. Im finished. I was not impressed with you having the military take me off my flight. Im retiring. Im leaving Mexico and the agency for good.
Well, not exactly. You cant. I sent help, two very good agents by the name of Saul Harkin and Phil Melendez. Theyll be helping you.
I caught my breath. Red flags were flying. I wondered if it were possible to shoot a man over a cell-phone. All I can tell you, Director, is get yourself someone with a lower I.Q. Im through. Im retiring from the agency as of this minute.
Listen, Mark, he pleaded, You may be disappointed with the airport detention. Its understandable, but what else could I do? I have orders to follow. I had to do what was good for the Company, and everybody else. I was only doing my job. If it threw you offwell, all I can say is Im sorry.
Threw me off? Well, now that you mention it, I was thrown off the airplane. That was your idea, wasnt it?
No, honestly, it was the higher echelon that did it. My boss decided....
I didnt like being lied to,You think it was some asshole bureaucrat? I toyed.
Could be...but to the point, Mark, I havent been totally honest with you about your assignment....
Really? Then whats the truth?
...Well, as much as I didnt want to, I kept your real mission a secret until now. We have an emergency, and we need your expertise to neutralize a dangerous character. Hes a threat to national security. Listen carefully, we actually have a very special agent by the name of Phil Melendez being sent to you. When we finally have this target focused, Ill give orders to him, then you and another agent by the name of Harkin should back him up for protection. Were certain this target is not only associated with Juan Garcia, he has a long history of trouble, but be warned, if you get too close to this fellow, he might create an international mess. We have to finish it diplomatically and get out quickly. We were using that drug dealer, Stigler, to get us closer to him, but then Garcia found out and we lost our opportunity.
Stigler lost his head.
Well, this is a job for people with strong nerves.
No, I told you before that they cut off his head!
What? They actually cut off his head?
Yes, they cut off his fucking head. I just told you that.
Oh? Without a second of reflection, Cruz continued, Well, the important thing is he cant work for us anymore.
I sensed nothing good was going to come out of this conversation, but he went on, We will have to take this guy out. Hes actually more important than Garcia, and were making a deal with some big people for him. We could have this finished in a couple of days with your help.
How did we find out?
Another cartel is helping us.
Another cartel?
A competitor in Sinoloa. We try to divide and conquer these bastards, you know that. We make a deal, they make a deal, then we make another deal. Thats the secret.
You mean, by allowing this other cartel freedom to transport drugs into our country?
The Director remained silent. He was confused. I pushed the point, Its illegal, director. What the hell is the point of hunting any of these bastards if you help them with guns and free passes?
We have a larger picture to think of, Calvin, thats why. The point is we have a great shot at stopping that character now with executive action while hes still in Mexico. We need an experienced professional. Thats why we had to keep you down there.
Executive action? You want an execution, and you want it done in Mexico, and you want me to do it? Is that my mission?
Well, youre the best field agent we have, Calvin. Youre the person we trust. Thats what I learned from Director Sullivan, just before they fired him.
I realized one of us was stupid, and the other was just crazy for listening. And these two new agents you are sending me, what exactly are they good for?
Agent Melendez is the one you must rely on. Hes been trained by Navy Seals. Dont be fooled by his quiet nature. He can turn deadly on command. Hes a killing machine, one you will eventually need.
And the other?
Harkin?
Yeah, who is Harkin, and what is he good for?
The DEA director grumbled, God only knows. Hes a young recruit, as well. But he doesnt know a damn thing, not even about his partner, Melendez. In fact, just ignore him. Anyway, I have important business to take care of. Youll be contacted soon....
He hung up, as I had once done to him. Petty spite from a petty bureaucrat. It was typical, a political appointee posing as a warrior.



CHAPTER SIX


Behind Juan Carlos Garcia, a trail of his personal army followed, strolling through the market place. They were distinctive men, menacing in appearance, full-suited and manicured, wary and streetwise; striding with the heavy gait of predators, as if their feet, like crocodiles, were weighted to the ground. All the while, their eyes turned to and thro, constantly surveying their surroundings, watching locals with an eye towards possible danger. Though richly appareled in fine black linen suits, pink shirts and gold cuff-links, many appeared rough enough for hard labor; an odd assortment of well-dressed murderers. Garcia finally arrived at his discotheque, an inner sanctum which served as his office, sheltering his soldiers after each hard days work. Like any dance hall, it housed demure and seductive women, waitresses who entertained the notoriety of the city.
Garcia was recognized by most important people of the town. His doorman welcomed him while an armed guard immediately escorted Garcia in. Upon entering, he examined the dark inner sanctum of his kingdom, a domain where music, laughter, and decadence maintained an atmosphere of comfort and relief.
The acrid odor of tobacco smoke and cheap perfume laced the air, while piped-in melodies made conversation all but impossible. A dozen statuesque escorts, beautiful and nubile, decorated the gangsters sanctuary like well-polished furniture, all dressed in delicate and provocative clothes, fitted tightly with low-cut necklines, accentuated by black high-heel shoes that were polished like mirrors. The ladies ornamented the discotheque like sculptures, draped with pearl necklace chains on tender necks that glimmered from overhead strobe-lights.
Most were adorned with silver rings on fingers, ears and nose, giving their lithe limbs the natural temptation few men could resist. These were the human allurements of Garcias paradise. They bridged the gap between the will of men and the world of suffering. It was a parade of desire beckoning the unwary, yet beneath it all remained hearts cold and eyes hungry; the poison asp of his power. These women embellished Garcias world. They were dispensed generously by a lion who had enthroned himself over the years by superior will and uncontested brutality.
The heat and humidity that permeated the disco was quickly sucked up by overhead ventilators in his dance hall, where his entourage lounged each and every day. In the center of the hall, Garcia would always sit, presiding as an emperor; poised, sharp eyed, and elevated in an old oaken chair, as any monarch would. He appeared both dignified and regal, as if awaiting some artist to paint his image for posterity. After he dutifully sat down, the others of his entourage chose seats according to a pecking order of rank. These were his loyal lieutenants and bodyguards who would kill at a snap of a finger, all surrounded by young women willing to adore him.
This was the real desire of the perennial drug lord, the only reward forever sought by men of power. Money was a symbol, nothing but a token of that secret desire to be worshiped. And worship was what he received.
As festivities began, Garcia relaxed. The garish characters who dined at Garcias table spoke loudly and often, while Garcia reviewed the days accounts, the monetary intake, the expenses, the success and the failures with all their accompanying problems.
He listened to each soldiers daily struggle; laughed at irreverent jokes, frowned with their pain, and shared their frustration and anger. Each man was studied with a paternal eye of concern. He reviewed each lieutenants accounts, and only questioned them when it seemed irregular, or suspect.
Tonight he found one.
Luis, you have ten customers who are three weeks in arrears. Seventy paid, ten unpaid. Perhaps these are relativesno?
The table laughed, but Luis partner jumped in, Luis is banging his cousins wife, Ernesta. You know how she expects special favors and little gifts.
Without taking his eyes off Luis, Garcia replied,Yes, this I can understand, but such favors I can not allow. Luis should know it is cheaper to pay a woman then destroy his reputation with such dangerous behavior. With a smile he shook his finger at Luis. Please, settle your accounts by next week, or I will tell your cousin what you do to his big, ugly wife. Then he will strangle you like a chicken, and save me the cost of buying a coffin. The table laughed once again, while Luis nervously apologized.
Of course, Mr. Garcia. You can count on me, I swear. I will get those accounts paid up. I swear it.
Garcia patted him on the back and reassured him with a smile, Please, my name is Juan. Dont worry, Luis, it is not such a big dealbut do it quickly.
With a grim nod Luis, known for his violent skills and vile temper acknowledged his boss, Absolutely, Juan!
Good! Then tonight we drink to be merry, before we must finally dance with the devil! Garcia slyly winked at Luis, and called over the manager of his disco. We need wine, Matteo, and plenty of food for my table, tonightand where are my lovely dancers? I want them all here for my men and my visitors.
Of course, Senor Garcia. The manager turned and shouted at his waiters,We need ten bottles of the finest wine and cognac.
Hurry! Right now!
Garcia looked at his watch and showed concern. He turned to his trusted lieutenant, Fideo Sanchez, who always sat to his right, and quietly asked, Fideo, where is our special guest? I thought you said eleven oclock was when he would arrive. It is already midnight. I dont think he is coming. Are you sure that he was not scared?
Sanchez shrugged, No. I do not think so, Juan. Not with this man. I know he wants our help badly. Hes willing to pay a great sum of money. Perhaps, he doesnt have a strong sense of time. I have the feeling these people are different, perhaps even strange.
Yes, they are strange, Garcia agreed, as he considered the possibilities of trouble. Fideo, how can those people do anything right without being careful about time?
Fideo tried to make light of it. He smiled, I dont really know, Juan. Perhaps we could buy him a watch.
Garcia added seriously, Yes, perhaps one with a time-bomb?
Garcias lieutenant suddenly grew wide-eyed as he spotted a group of men entering the lounge; each of them dressed in ill-fitting black suits and white shirts, slowly shuffling into the cocktail lounge. Fideo turned to his boss. Juan, there they are! I recognize the leader. The others must be companions. Should I get them?
Garcia took hold of his arm. No, Fideo, dont be rash, my guards will bring them over. Just wait and let me see them. You talk, and I will watch.
At the far end of the lounge stood all five, some bearded, but all dressed formally, seemingly rigid and emotionally tense. The leader of the group reluctantly allowed a security guard to frisk him. All appeared disoriented, eyes roaming about the lounge, wary as they searched for some sign of their appointed assignation. The leader, much older than the rest, wore an old-fashioned pair of black rimmed glasses. He recognized Sanchez from far across the room. Exuberantly he waved, then called out, Mr. Sanchez! It is me. I have arrived with my comrades. Can you see me?
Fideo Sanchez waved back returning the greeting, yet remained planted in his chair, as told.
Yes, of course! Come on over and join our party.
Sanchez turned back sharply to Garcia, What do you think, Juan?
Exactly what I would think. These are educated fanatics, desperate and dangerous, but most of all, fools. They are young and naive. Be polite and tell his four friends to sit at another table while we talk business, but make sure you dont insult them. These people are unpredictable and very sensitive.
Yes, Juan, that I will do.
As the five approached the table, Fideo rose to greet them, avoiding use of any names. My good friend, welcome! He pulled him into an unfamiliar bear-hug to hide his attempt to frisk him, once more. Realizing he was disarmed, Fideo nodded to Juan, then gave the guests the same generous smile and hug. Come sit down. All of you are welcome at our table! We have plenty of food and drinks.
Sanchez whispered Garcias request into his visitors ears.
The leader turned aside and directed his companions to go to a table on the far side of the room. Fideo then offered him a chair, directly facing Juan Carlos Garcia.
What will you drink, my friend? Fideo inquired cheerfully.
Nothing. I do not drink.
Fideo stared back in amazement,No? Never?
No, it is forbidden.
Too bad. Ah, my mother was the same way. She drove the rest of my family crazy....
Garcia interrupted, as he offered his own hand to the man. Fideo, that will be enough. Good evening, sir. My name is Juan Carlos Garcia. I own this cantina. These are my people, all of them. There is nothing to fear nor worry about while you are my guests. I believe I am the person you have been seeking. You must accept my apologies for our circumstance and our drinking, if it offends your religion. This cantina is my business establishment and it is the only safe place in town to meet and talk. I asked Fideo to contact you yesterday, so now we have finally met. I understand you would like to be addressed as Mr. Marcos. I think that is wise. We do not have many of your people in Mexico, and your real name is not important to me. So, welcome to Mexico, Mr. Marcos.
Yes. I thank you, Senor Garcia. Only God knows our real names.
Garcia brandished his best smile as he asked Khalil Masoud if one of his female managers could stay and listen. You dont mind?
Masoud smiled. No, not at all. This is not forbidden.
Good. That is a relief. Perhaps you would like to meet some of our ladies after we talk. They work for me, but tonight they are all yours.
Masoud smiled broadly as Garcia carefully noted his appreciation. Tell me Mr. Marcosif you do not mind. How did you enter our country?
It is not difficult. We sailed by way of an Asian exporter whose name and origin must remain secret, then we entered your southern town of Ixtepec.
Garcias curiosity changed to alarm, Ixtepec has a military post. Did you not know that?
It is also a college town with El Univerario del Ixtepec. We have students there, which we had to meet.
Garcia grew wary, Are they loyal?
Masouds eyebrows shot up. They must return to our homeland where their families live. So, of course, they must be loyal.
I understand. We have similar methods.
Garcia sipped his glass of sangria, eying his visitor carefully, and ruminated how he would present his offer. He glanced at Katrina, the most beautiful and experienced of the woman working for Garcia. She too had watched each movement, and knew Garcias mind. She rose and walked to the side of Masoud, smiled, then sat down beside him, but Masoud grimaced.
Please, Senor Garcia, let us take care of business, first.
I understand. Garcia then nodded at the young woman. Katrina, why not sit beside Fideo. Then he turned to Khalil. Well, Mr. Marcos, you wish for all five of you to enter the United States. I can assure you safe passage from La Ciudad Juarez into El Paso, directly across the border. It will be easy enough. I own a government official there, who will facilitate passage and protection for all of you without any problems. Even if the worst should happen, that is, if you are identified or arrested, he will make sure you are quickly returned to Mexico. You can pass through on a Thursday night as migrant workers.
Yes, yes, I already know that much, Masoud replied, suddenly irritated, then leaned over and complained. Do you not know our concern is about the U.S. Government officials. We must be protected from them, as well. We can not make mistakes.
Garcia stared at Masoud, dumbfounded. He lowered his wine glass as he cocked his head in wry amusement. Mr. Marcos, that is who I am talking about. It will be done for me by a very high American official. We never have problems on our side of the border.
Masouds jaw dropped. He swallowed hard, took a deep breath, then released his worry with a sigh of relief. If this is so, then all is done. Everything is finished.
Of course, everything is finished...my friend! Garcia added with a smile, ...except, of course, for the money. If you have the money, I will guarantee friends and safe passage. Half now, and half later.
Masoud understood the invitation. His part of the deal was now expected. He lifted a small black valise and placed it on the table. He snapped the latch open, and slid the valise across the table. Garcia looked at green stacks of hundred dollar bills. Masoud declared proudly,You will find two hundred and fifty thousand American dollars therethe other half later, as agreed.
Juan Garcias eyes widened as he stared at the green stacks of hundred dollar bills. Yes, as agreed. Sanchez, take and count it now. We do not want to keep Mr. Marcos waiting. Garcia immediately turned back to Masoud. My dear Mr. Marcos, as far as I am concerned you are now as good as in El Paso. Upon my reputation, you have my guarantee and my word.
Masoud gave a sigh of relief, then laughed. Garcia laughed along with him, yet couldnt restrain himself from glaring at the hundred dollar bills slowly being counted by Fideo. Quickly, he reached over and vigorously shook Masouds hand with both of his. Wonderful! We have a deal, my new friend. Someday, I must visit your country, he rejoined. It has been a privilege and an honor meeting you and your people, Mr. Marcos.
Masoud smiled, nodded his head, then leaned back visibly satisfied that the first part of his mission had succeeded. He swung from skepticism to avid faith in this strange man of power, shaking his hand. As he relaxed he nervously tightened the knot of his black tie, turned to the skimpily clad bar girl, Katrina, still sitting beside Sanchez. Leaning over, he took a glimpse into her large cleavage then turned to Garcia, smiling from ear to ear.
Then all praise to Godit is done!
Garcia shouted,Exactly, my friend. All praise to God...and to one hundred dollar bills! Garcia laughed as he brushed his fingers lightly across the money lying in front of them, still being counted by his loyal lieutenant, Fideo.



CHAPTER SEVEN


I awoke inside a bustling, noisy airport with another hangover and a terrible cramp in my neck, having slept with my head hung over a wooden chair. The pain was excruciating. I immediately stood up to get circulation back into my legs, just as some ten year old boy passed by and quickly stole my chair. I was grateful my carry-on was still lying safely on the floor. Four hours had elapsed. I was amazed that I actually slept that long. I began to feel better as I looked around at the meandering crowd of passengers surrounding me, and felt my appetite beginning to return. Searching for a decent place to eat, I suddenly spotted my new partners. It hardly made sense that they would stand out in such a massive crowd of travelers, but they did. It wasnt because they were Anglo, or even well dressed. They were simply stupid.
They revealed themselves as typically American, and out of place. Perhaps it was their naivety, looking like two harmless deers caught in a head light. Or maybe, it was because one of them was so tall that he looked like an NBA player. Both bantered away in the exact center of the airport, appearing like businessmen. Sadly, these were the two sent to help me. It did not look promising.
I decided to approach from behind, curious to discover what passed for conversation between the two. From five feet away, I lifted a newspaper, then turned my back to listen.
...I dont see a sign of him. Youd think he would stick out in this airport.
His partner, was just as confused and offered, Maybe Agent Calvin stayed on that airline flight to Texas.
I turned around, still baffled.
Nah, the tall one shot back, without looking at his partner. The agent was playing a pin ball machine centered between two rows of chairs, a Mexican version of Pac-Man, and apparently he felt he was getting close to winning as the machine began ringing all the bells. He stopped long enough to inform his partner,...Calvin was on that plane, alright. But he was thrown off by military security.
He then removed his I-phone and showed his partner a photo of me, alongside the two Mexican soldiers. Heres a downloaded photo of Calvin on my I-phone. Hes being hauled off the plane by the military.
The other agent appeared shocked,Whew, he doesnt look too happy, and those soldiers arent much older than my kid sister. Where do you think he is, now?
His partner laughed, Right now? Probably in some restroom, getting rid of some bad burritos?
The serious one stared up at his partner, without commenting, then heard me respond.
Not exactly, dumb-ass, Im standing right behind you.
Both recruits whipped about to face me. I returned a venomous glare, standing a foot away. The taller one, Harkin, noticed my fists were clenched. He smiled, What are you holding there, Agent Calvin?
If it were a gun, you two would be dead by now. How long have you been working for a living?
I could tell the tall one was about to deliver some smart remark, but wisely refrained. Instead he removed his wallet and showed me his ID.
Were here to help you. Im DEA agent, Saul Harkin, and this is my partner, Agent Phil Melendez. We were sent on short notice to make contact. We apologize for being late. Harkin gave a broad smile, as he noted my anger. I imagine we were a bit obvious, standing in the center of the airport.
Not a good excuse for getting killed, I replied. You two are young and careless. You cant help being young. But careless is a choice, Mr. Harkin.
Were kind of new to Mexico, Harkin conceded, tightening the knot of his red tie. We heard you were headed back to the States when you decided to change your flight plans.
Not exactly, it was your boss, Cruz. He contacted the Mexican authorities to arrest me while I was sitting on my flight back to Dallas. He never informed me of a damn thing. He only succeeded in losing my trust.
Youre probably angry, Melendez offered, as he gravely nodded his head.
Angry? You must be the one with the high-school degree. Are you Mr. Melendez?
Phil Melendez, sir.
Saul Harkin turned away and snickered, then turned back and with as much civility as he could muster, replying,Well, we understand why youre angry, but we had nothing to do with it. If you want to shoot our boss, Ill give you his home address, and the name of his Rottweiler.
Exasperated, I finally gave in,Theres no need for a good dog to die for that asshole, but Ill think about it. I extended my hand, and apologized. Youre right, I am unnerved. I had no intention of staying in Mexico another day when your boss pulled the rug out out from beneath my feet. I was captured, and as good as dead, but the drug cartel let me go. Then I get stabbed in the back by my own boss. Ive been at this airport for ten hours, ready to hand in my resignation.
Harkin offered, Director Cruz is new. He previously worked for the Environmental Protection Agency. He was released after running over a grizzly in Colorado with his Cadillac. Hes just a political appointee. He doesnt know much about field-work, or drug enforcement. He might as well be working for K-Mart.
I turned away disgusted, I need a drink.
Melendez offered, Do you want to go back to that military station to debrief us on our agenda?
No, Captain Rocco just got through kicking me out of his office, I replied. I decided to make the best of a bad situation. It was time to get to know my new lifeline partners.
Come on, fellows, lets get out of here. First, we leave this airport, head for a hotel, get a room, then Ill debrief you and you can send it to Dallas with my greetings to Director Cruz. Well get ourselves a couple of steaks and drinks while waiting for a reply. Oh, one more thing. You two need to know up-front, Im in charge. Neither one of you directs traffic. You dont wander off the reservation without my knowledge; you do not pass go, or collect two hundred dollarsunless I give you the green light. Got that?
Sure, Melendez replied. Picking up their small bags, the two young agents followed me out the front door of the airport.
As we exited, I overheard Melendez whisper, Saul, what two hundred dollars is he talking about?
Beats me! Maybe thats what he pays Mexican hookers.
Thats a lot of money for a hooker.
Yeah? Well, hes old.
They began laughing as they followed me through the airport corridor into a corridor that headed back down to the parking lot. Upon exiting I was once again greeted by sunlight, and fresh air.



CHAPTER EIGHT


An hour later the three of us were having dinner in the hotel lobby of El Metro. Sitting across from me, Melendez and Harkin tried finishing their dinner, but appeared distracted by everything at hand; the foreign atmosphere, the native people, and the unfamiliar language. They may have been right to be fascinated with Mexico, but they were also disoriented. I turned from the window that overlooked the bay to take a hard look at my new partners. Both were in their twenties; one examined his I-pad, while the other eyed the ample bust of the waitress serving me a plate of Huevos-Rancheros. I finished four black espressos and as expected five minutes later the caffeine hit my brain. I felt a fine line of silver racing through my thoughts. The music from the hotel lobby tendered feint painted melodies of Flamenco guitars strumming songs of romance. The voices of the Gypsy Kings sung stridently their plight of unrequited love. I had to wonder why cultures devoid of world power always seemed preoccupied with romance. But the wail of desire, and love seemed momentarily more meaningful then all the reckless adventures of my past.
My mind drifted across decades of a career laced with heroes and terrorists; the most unusual being a man who had not only walked the earth, but on the moon. He was a unique personality known only as the second man to walk on its surface. When I was young I met this great astronaut by chance at a Beverly Hills banquet on Rodeo drive. He was celebrating the birthday of his renown partner. Unawares, I found myself seated beside him at the banquet table. Being beside him was a great honor, but by nights end I was convinced he was more than unique. In between drinks he related, in a fatherly fashion, the untold story of the anguish of,...enduring the slings and pangs of outrageous fortune, as he referred to it. Having been that peculiar second man who stepped onto the stratosphere of the moon behind his partner. His partner was renown for his famous declaration which became the center of history.
He smiled as he peered into my young face, with his blue eyes wildly ablaze, explaining the truth that he learned on that great day about what really counts in life. I was struggling to finish my last slice of sirloin, as he stopped my fork from entering my mouth, and quipped,Did you know the choice of who would be first astronaut to step down out of that capsule was decided by a flip of a quarter?
I turned to him amazed by his odd statement, and wondered why it should be so important. It seemed too petty a concern, but he nodded with the solemn assurance of being a sadder but wiser fellow.
Young man, nobody gives a fuck if youre number two, just remember that!
The steak slipped off my fork and onto the plate, as I wondered why the hell he was telling me this.
Huh?
Thats right. A flip of a coin! A flip of a fucking quarter!
Just a flip of a coin, sir? I repeated.
Yup! It came up heads, and I lost! He laughed loudly, as he recounted how terrible it was. I became the astronaut who was simply the second man to walk on the moon, but no one remembers who the hell I am!
I nearly choked on the next slice as I got into my mouth, as he again burst into laughter. For myself, I saw only a hero and a great American. I saw a giant comparable to Christopher Columbus, a symbol of courage and dedication. He was symbolic of mans evolution, walking from primordial sludge one day and the very next, flying across the solar system. But he saw it differently. I forced a laugh and changed the subject, Tell me, what did your parents do for a living?
I suspected most achievers had been raised in a rich soil of family heritage. I wondered what created such an extraordinary pioneer. Like any twenty year old from West Point, I was searching for the secret of greatness. Unbelievable to me was the fact he was a man who gambled on a wild, and improbable space journey to an orbiting asteroid, called the moon, actually believing he would could return. It was a stretch of the wildest imagination on earth, and unfortunately President Kennedy never lived to see his great prediction come true.
The astronaut was taken back by my odd question, and shrugged. They were Christian missionaries to the Philippines until the Japanese invaded.
I nodded,Then sacrifice and dedication runs in your family.
I suppose. You might call us adventurers, or gamblers, or courageous, or just plain stupid.
I, like others, was baffled by tabloid stories of his reputed break-down, after returning to earth. But he offered me an explanation, a curious but undeniable fact, Son, all you need to do is pick up any history book, and youll see my partners name and photograph, and his clever line that we agreed upon,...one small step for man... But you will never read anything about me. Not my name, not my photo, not my biography, nothing! Its as if he was the only man who was on that fucking moon! I was never mentioned because I was the second astronaut who stepped out of that ship, not the first. He laughed again, and I forced myself to laugh with him. Then he went on, and on, and on, all night while his partner was speaking at the podium, of which I couldnt hear a word he said, nor could I pay attention. Unfortunately, I was too young to believe I should interrupt, or correct the bastard.
Do you know who the second man was who sailed a fleet of ships to America?
I foolishly replied, No, I dont have a clue.
Of course, not! Nobody knows. It was Amerigo Vespucci. The second man to sail to America, and he actually set foot on the continent. But nobody knows who Vespucci is! You know why?
It was painful. Why?
Because he was second, not the first, like Columbus! Who the hell cares about Amerigo Vespucci? Who cares about number two? Nobody cares about number twonot in America, they dont! Listen boy, take my advice, being number two in America doesnt mean shit! He broke into laughter, again. So, me and Amerigo Vespucci ended up in the trash heap of history. He poked his finger into my chest. I was beginning to grow a bit wary.
He was forgotten, and so was I. Not that I care. But I received no TV interviews, no magazine articles. Hell no, and then I land in a mental ward for hitting an asshole-reporter in the nose, who claimed there never was a moon landing, and that I was lying. He said that to my face! Well, unfortunately, I was drunk that night when I punched him. But do you know why I punched him?
Again, I blurted, No, why?
Because I was feeling like shit for being number two, thats why! Hows that for a joke? He laughed louder then before, attracting a few well-manicured guests, all elegantly primped and polished in tuxedos and laced gowns for the gala benefit in Beverly Hills for orphans, and of course to honor his partner. Some of them began casting an eye on us, somewhat alarmed. Sitting beside him at that event was unexpected. I wonder even today, how such a pioneer and hero could ever see himself as a looser. Perhaps Napoleon did, dying on Elba at forty-eight, his victories behind him. I wanted to tell this great hero that I wasnt even qualified to shine his shoes. But in hindsight, I guess it wouldnt have mattered, or changed his mind...at least, what was left of it.



CHAPTER NINE


I had lapsed for what seemed a brief moment, but then realized Melendez was observing me from across our dinning table at the hotel.
I confronted him,Why are you staring at me, Melendez?
I didnt realize I was.
Well, you are. Stop it.
Sorry.
I then conceded,I was drifting into outer-space about heroes I use to know when I was your age.
Were you ever my age? he joked.
I think I was, but certainly not as dumb.
I shook my head with regret. Melendez looked frightened, but remained silent. Some raw nerve had been hit. He seemed to grow distant. Whether it was a matter of shock, or revelation, I had no idea. His had a subdued nature but it was his facade, and he had a remarkable gift for hiding what he really thought.
I drew Harkin back into the conversation as he began to nod off, weary from his trip. Someday you may be ordered to strangle Saul Harkin, and not be told why.
Harkins eyes suddenly opened. My remark set his teeth on edge, as I realized he didnt think that was funny. Perhaps, it was too early in the morning. I wasnt sure how to get Melendez down to earth, but Harkin unwittingly helped with sarcasm. What the hell does all that mean, Calvin? Melendez is about to have a case of the runs.
I shrugged,I was informing him of responsibilities, then added, I was told Melendez is a tough cookie. I was just giving him a test, thats all. He passed with flying colors. He didnt even blink.
Harkin slyly nodded, Well, that certainly clears things up. I laughed. Listen Harkin, well be facing clever, dangerous people. I have to know where the weakest link is in my team, and how strong each one of you is.
But why bore Melendez to death with old war stories?
I simply informed him he may have to kill you someday for the sake of our mission if you know too much. But I dont think that could happen.
Harkin nodded, then suddenly realized he had been insulted. Melendez turned and glanced out the window, measuring his emotion. I saw his expression darken in the reflection of that window. He was gazing out at the countless people rushing to work along the boulevard. I watched his eyes closing, as if burdened from some inescapable burden. Like most youth, Melendez was still seeking truth and got it, but unlike the cliche, it did not set him free. Instead, the invisible thread of inhumanity seized him like a shackle; a shackle I was more than glad to be rid of, but sad to pass along.
His partner broke into laughter, once more. Phil, hes just shitting you! He then turned to me, You know what, Calvin? They told me you were the best agent there was. Now, I believe it. You just gave Phil a hemorrhoid in less than a minute. That takes talent. What made you give up proctology?
I glared back,I only told him what your job is, Harkin.
He howled with laughter, Yeah, right!
The waitress returned. Mas cafe, senor?
I offered her a smile, as I asked for the check, Dame el cheque, por favor. Neither one of them reached for their wallet. I paid, and the young waitress sauntered back to the counter, as Harkin once again examined her firm derriere.
Either one of you married?
No, Harkin volunteered. Im twenty-four and Melendez is twenty-three. Were free men. Why do you ask?
Because I have to rely on you. I need you to keep your eyes on the road, not someones ass, at least until were finished.
Their amused smiles told me to go to hell.
Harkin, heres an important lesson for you. Most assassinations are set up by women, not men. Now, tell me, has either one of you ever worked in a foreign country?
Melendez was first to return to business, Sure, Germany.
Yup, Germany and England, Harkin added.
I mean real foreign countries!
What the hell is that suppose to mean?
It means you gave me the wrong answer. I was hoping you had some experience with different cultures, Harkin. For some damn reason Im in Mexico where the Cartel has threatened to kill me if I stay, and Im working with two agents who are staring at I-pads and rear-ends.
Harkins eyes squinted. He wanted to say something smart, something real smart. I could sense it. But discretion held him back. I asked,Does anyone know why I was stopped from leaving Mexico after my assignment was finished?
They looked at each other but there was no response from either of them, just dead silence. I collected my thoughts, as I continued to examine Harkin. He didnt blink. A calculated blank stare was all he offered. I assumed he was either well trained, or plain stupid.
Melendez jumped in, Nobody told us anything. We had no idea, but dont worry about Saul, hes pretty smart....
It was painful to hear. I leaned forward,Melendez, smart is never enough in this game. You must have instincts, you have got to read a person in one minute, or cash out. Nobody teaches you how to do it. Either you have it, or you dont. Either you win, or you die within minutes of any encounter.
Harkin attempted to help, I expect well get specific orders soon, Agent Calvin, that is if.... A bartender turned around as he heard him.
I interrupted, Dont ever use that word! Use first names. Use Mark, thats all.
Harkin restarted,Okay, Mark, Im sure the director...I mean the boss will fill us in soon.
I could only shake my head with doubt, Hed better hurry, or were not getting out of Mexico. Were dealing with the Sinoloan Cartel. Its an international network with tentacles in every city. Once they find out I didnt leave, theyll have a ten minute discussion, make a decision, then kill meand you two, as well. You cant stop them.
I buttoned my suit jacket and rose from the table. The waitress rushed over. Harkins eyes began roaming again, then caught my reaction. He returned to his plate of cold eggs and bacon. I walked out the front door, weary and wondering why this Dallas director, Cruz, had sent me such an odd pair. If you gentlemen dont mind, Im going for a walk across the street to the park, Ill be back in half an hour.



CHAPTER TEN


Do you know, Mark? I consider you my friend. And I would gladly kill anyone for you!
Barcelona in Autumn is beautiful, especially in the Gothic section. Arturo Gaudis ornate architecture runs throughout the locale. His Church of the Holy Family stands as a monument to his imagination in this ancient part of the city. Surrounded by hundreds of cooing pigeons, old women in dark shawls still feed these adopted children of theirs each day in the plaza. The time and feel of that Spanish city remains firmly planted in my mind, especially when Khalil Masoud had said those chilling words while we sat in the Plaza la Catalonia. At the moment he said it with his broad smile, I realized who he was. He was revealing his gratitude for getting him safely from Paris to Barcelona, across the boarder. But his casual remark made me catch my breath. As I heard it, I struggled to return a proper thank you. I forced a smile but barely whispered my words through gritted teeth. At that point, all the pieces of my mission fell into place. I knew who and what he was. I knew what he had done, and I knew why I was chosen to help him.
I remember arriving in Paris on September fourteenth of seventy-two, assigned to meet this young man at the Gar Du Nor at the Paris railway station, and get him safely across the border to Spain. The week before, I spent most of my time in flights from the States, without knowledge of the world shattering news of what had happened at the winter Olympics in Germany. Each day that I stayed with Khalil Masoud, I became more and more intrigued by an individual who defied definition as the engineering student from Graz, Austria, as he had told me. It was September and he should have been in school. He was sophisticated and expensively dressed, yet revealed a quick and tough reaction to any appearance of danger. Eating with him in one sawdust tavern near the Barcelona harbor, only reserved for sailors from all parts of the globe, he unexpectedly reached out for the arm of a passing thug and intentionally terrified him, suspecting he was an Israeli agent following him. The thug nearly had a heart attack. Khalil laughed at the man who was with three companions, then patted his hand, still gripping it with his other fist. He looked at the fellows watch, pretending to be curious about time, then released it. The sailors eyes revealed he had traveled to hell and back in a split second. He was innocent of any wrong doing or suspicion, but I wondered what made Khalil take such a risk. What was he hiding that was so important. I found out later.
Our journey from the Paris Hilton, ended at the pension Ripaldo, a small Barcelona hostel that rented for six dollars a night. It was my idea of safety and, of course, remaining low-profile. But his expensive camel-hair, woolen overcoat seemed out of place, along with much of his other expensive clothes and habits, yet he accepted it with humor.
Before he left for Libya he offered the coat to me, Mark, I want you to have my coat, as a token of our friendship.
I took it and still possess it to this day packed away in my attic, a memory of my first assignment. He disappeared and left Barcelona two days later, making mention of traveling to Libya. That was all I heard, or would ever hear from or about him. Later on and regretfully, I would find out I had helped the surviving member of the Black Septembrists make his escape. The tragedy and massacre of Israeli athletes haunted me for years. I felt the anguish of waking for weeks in the dead of night, sweating, and looking for water to wash my hands. The following morning at breakfast, I decided to test my luck.
Melendez, do you know anything about the Munich Massacre?
Never heard of it, he replied, as we three sat finishing up our meals at the hotel.
I didnt think so. Palestinian terrorists executed Israeli athletes at the Munich Olympics in September of 1972.
Were you there? he asked.
Very first assignment, awaiting orders after training. We shielded one of them for decades because of contacts and information.
You aided a terrorist? Harkin broke in, surprised.
I was never told, not even what had happened. I simply escorted him to Barcelona, where he eventually left for Libya.
How could you do such a thing? asked Melendez.
I wasnt in control, Melendez. I was a recruit and a small pawn on a big chess board. I accompanied him by rail across the French border into Spain.
Melendez tried to fathom my history with the Company. He had stepped into uncharted waters and I could see his expression darken. He was shocked, then angered. I realized I needed to diffuse it.
Melendez, they sent me to help because I had no knowledge of what had taken place. I knew nothing. I had no idea of who the hell he was. In hindsight, I pieced everything together, but it was too late to affect the outcome. I was chosen for a special assignment because I was young, and ambitious. Masoud was also young, my age, yet cold blooded, dedicated to a cause, and sophisticated. Like you, Melendez, he had a deceptive appearance. He smiled and joked a lot.
Masoud and I hit it off as friends. He was not some stereotype, but a student from the University of Graz, Austria.
Was he bragging?
Not at all. His world-view was different, thats all. He offered what gift he had to offer, what he had mastered and could freely give.
Melendez looked stunned. Dont you know, you protected a killer, an assassin? He murdered Israeli athletes!
I felt a chill like death rushing through me. But it wasnt because of Melendez. I wondered why I had finally told anyone that story, and why tell this young agent, of all people? I had no idea. I wasnt trying to impress him. Some gear had slipped. It was something dark that was dying deep inside, demanding sunlight.
I leaned back and sighed. It was a secret I had kept for thirty years. I stared back and declared with regret, Eventually, Melendez, youll learn this life you chose is played on different levels, for different reasons, by different people. Its a matrix. Rarely will you ever know what the truth is. Youd be wise to accept it and get by. If you reject it, youll be marked as expendable. The portrait that we paint is neither black nor white. There is no Santa Claus, and there is no James Bond.
Do you know what youre saying? he shot back. Tell me, did you or did you not know he murdered innocent Israeli athletes?
After a heavy silence, I replied, Not until he had vanished the following day. I was only following orders.
With those haunting words the threads of my mind went blank. I caught my breath, then tried to retrieve lost innocence.
Listen, Melendez, were pawns on an international chessboard. Most government directors are taking orders from powerful people that you may never see, or even talk to, and I dont mean the President.
I put my coffee down, So, Phil, lets try and do the best we can while we work together, without losing sleep or doubting our mission.
I never do. He turned away, and I knew some calm had been restored, but the price was expensive for me.



CHAPTER ELEVEN


The rush hour in Oaxaca was slowing to a crawl, as the tower clock in the plaza began to strike nine. I wandered along the boulevard passing newspaper and shoeshine stands, finally arriving at the gazebo in the center of the towns park. Deciding to sit awhile alongside a few tourists, and local mothers and children at ease, I thought of my next move. Like all traditional Mexican towns it was designed with a gazebo in the center of the park for Sunday festivities, alongside their central church. The park was surrounded by people, trees, shrubbery, restaurants, and cafes, all filled with tourists, both Mexican and foreign.
How and when, I was to be contacted in Oaxaca kept my thoughts running. What messenger was I suppose to meet? I was never told. But I knew I was to be found, and not seek. Director Cruz was exactly as Harkin had described, a political hack without qualifications or experience. His expertise was sorely lacking. He knew nothing about Mexico or drug trafficking. He had no ability to help anyone. In fact, he was a hindrance.
I began listening to the familiar yelling of children, playing games in the park. One seven year old; a small boy, carrying a large red tethered ball, trotted up to me as I sat alone on a park bench. Grabbing my knee, he looked me straight in the eyes and introduced himself, Ola senor, como estas a hoy? Mi nombre es Miguel, como se llama?
I was amused by his offer of friendship. I shrugged in compliance, You want to know my name? Lets see, Mi nombre es Marco. Pero es impossible parame a lugar contigo, a hoy.
The boy looked up with pained disappointment, Lo siento, senor. Adios!  He turned and ran after his older sister, who was already busy skipping rope with her friends.
All he wanted was for me to join and play. And I was half tempted. It might have made my day. I was past the stage of caring about professional dignity, after all that had happened that night with the cartel. I learned humility the hard way, my values had reversed and I dropped into a well of pleasant numbness in the week that followed. Again, I heard a voice ask, Como se llama, senor?
I turned to refuse once again, but this time it was not a child. It was an old man.
Perdoname, senor! Are you Mr. Mark Calvin? he asked.
I was surprised, then startled. Beside me, sitting on my own bench, was a thin, dignified gentleman, donned spotlessly in a white suit, who wore black rimmed eye-glasses. He respectfully bowed his head, then offered a cordial smile. I had not noticed his approach because of the child, which quickly made me wonder if it was a setup. I remained silent as he introduced himself in faltering English.
Senor Calvin, I am instructed to escort you to your contact. If you do not mind, please...you follow me.
He was a messenger, and probably knew nothing else. I often can read a person, whether friend or adversary. Thats easy enough, but when a third party steps in, one who knows nothing, then there is nothing to analyze. This odd fellow was obviously a third party sent by those who wished to remain hidden. This was the contact Cruz had mentioned. Without a partner, my situation was risky, but perhaps they had waited until I was alone. I had no choice but to gamble. Much depended upon time and chance at this point. I accepted his offer and rose. He nodded, stating, You are expected and most welcomed by my people.
Yours? I wondered. Sure, go right ahead.
Quickly, he paced himself across the park onto a side-street, then walked down along a narrow walkway. He traveled two blocks straight, then suddenly turned right at a crowded street corner, then began walking even at a quicker clip, until we reached a large workers cafe. Abruptly, he halted, turned and placed a finger to his lips, motioning me to follow him into the establishment. A crowd of laborers had noisily begun to file out, beginning their day of work, as we both entered. I drew the unwanted attention of some of the laborers neither accustomed to tourists, nor foreigners. Not even my smile could disarm their disagreeable alarm. The old man casually led me to the back of the old tavern, where we passed a young bartender shining beer glasses and carefully watching me. He conveniently turned his back to us as we walked through his vacated establishment. When the old man stopped at the very far end, there was a secured oak door with the sign, No entrada. He knocked four times without receiving an answer, but I heard conversation inside, and then a heavy chair scraping across a wooden floor. There was shuffling of steps approaching, and finally the heavy oak door swung open.
Facing me stood an attractive Mexican woman with a formal low cut dress, graced with large eyes of brown, and long flowing black hair. She was young, slim, and elegant, and examined me carefully before asking, Como se llama?
Mark Calvin.
She turned to receive permission from someone inside, then motioned both of us with a nod to enter. The room, as I had expected, was small and dimly lit. In the center, behind a fragile desk, sat a brawny, middle-aged Mexican with shirt sleeves rolled up and a shirt collar unbuttoned. His black tie was loosened and hung loosely around his neck. He casually slid his pile of paper work to the side of his desk, then greeted me in broken English.
Welcome, Mr. Calvin!
It was a distinctive, salty, and rough voice, grounded by the experience and confidence of his years of police work. My name is Miguel Nariz. I am Chief of Police here, in Oaxaca. We have been expecting you for some time. This, my friend, is not my official office, I assure you. But I find it helpful and more discreet to greet special visitors to our country, like yourself. Please take a seat.
There was no doubt he was authentic. His desk, filled with family photos with himself negated suspicion in my mind.
Well, thank you, Chief Nariz. I sat down in front of his desk, smiled politely as I asked, Visitors like myself? What kind of visitor do you think I am?
He leaned back in his swivel chair, revealing some exasperation, Well, not one I would bring home to my family. Senor Calvin, I have worked for my country for over thirty years, and have been given the greatest responsibility of correcting their political mistakes. Naturally, I have been given information about you, so that I may help all parties involved. I know about your service for America, your search, and even your personal history.
My personal history?
Yes, it is inconsequential to me, but it helps sometimes. It is important that I know that you are considered one of the most experienced agents of your country, if you wish to call it that. This simply helps me to help you. Your boss in Texas wants me to give you information to complete your assignment here in Mexico. It is authorized by my superiors.
Captain Nariz handed me a dark brown, sealed envelope. Please read now, and ask questions. You will have to leave the envelope here, when you leave. It will be destroyed afterward. There is no time to waste. You have opportunities and precise times that must be utilized. He raised his eyebrows and nodded to the old gentleman who brought me there. Raoul, muchas gracias! The old man humbly bowed, then turned and left the room. No words were returned, as he closed the door behind him. The event had long been rehearsed, and now it was completed.
I read the pages he handed me. They detailed the directions to a nearby restaurant, a description of the intended target, along with his guard, who was expected to abandon my target, and enter a restroom at the specific time in order to isolate him without protection.
Clasping his beefy hands onto his desk, Chief Nariz assumed everything had now been resolved. Senor Calvin, all this will occur tomorrow. He peered over his reading glasses to catch my reaction, to see that I had no doubts, or questions. My response was being studied. He then admonished, Your comrade, this man called Melendez will deliver the message, then both of you will leave the tavern and Mexico. None of my police will follow you. Go to the airport immediately, board your flight, and leave my country. Are there any questions, Mr. Calvin?
...deliver the message?
Yes, for lack of a better word, I say, message. We understand each other, dont we?
Yes.
It was the first time I heard execution expressed this way. I nodded casually and began to rise, then demanded, Are you sure, there is nothing else I need to know?
As I understand it, no. Senor Melendez is to deliver your message. But of course, you already know that. You are his boss. Why should you not know it?
It was obvious the machine was being set in motion. Still being annoyed by the mystery of this target left on my lap, I casually probed his own knowledge, I need to know one thing, Captain Nariz? You must have seen and known this old man. What age is he? What nationality is he? Is he big, small, tall, bearded, old or young?
He scratched his head. Why should it matter, Mr. Calvin? Hes eighty-five, and hell be the only man in that tavern at that time.
Eighty-five? I swallowed hard with a deep breath of regret.
He added,Thats what my report says. It is not my concern. You and Senor Melendez will be alone with him in that tavern, which will be completely empty except for one young, bald-headed man sitting in the corner. He is our officer, doing undercover work with them for six months. There will be no other people there, and no resistance. It is simple. We made that certain.
He slipped two red airline tickets across his desk. These are two tickets for your flight back to Dallas. It will take you and your associate back at the end of the day. Any taxi will take you to the airport in plenty of time, but you must leave Mexico, immediately. I hope that is understood, Senor Calvin?
What associate are talking about?
I understand you have one other agent who has come with you, who must remain outside the building. You two will return to your country. Senor Melendez will stay.
I dont understand what youre saying. Melendez stays? Is Agent Melendez being sacrificed?
That is your countrys decision. It does not concern me. Do you have any other questions? he repeated.
He looked at his watch, and I was furious at the pretense of ignorance. I had to get all the information I could, immediately.
How is this Cartel leader, Juan Carlos Garcia, connected to all of this?
Mr. Garcia has worked with this old man over the years for international contracts in drug trafficking, as well as American government liaisons that facilitate his drug trade. Why worry about Garcia. He is ours. You have no need to know more.
I heard but I didnt believe what I heard about government contacts. I made note of it then continued,What about that old man. This is a ridiculous target? Do you know who the hell he is?
He smiled and shrugged, I am only a police chief in a small city, in a small country. Why ask me such important questions? He forced a smile, as his patience grew thin, his time apparently running out.
The more I found out, the less it made sense. I repeated,This fellow appears important in Mexico for the Cartel. You know where Juan Garcia is, and you know where this old man is. So, why are your police unable to fix your problem?
Mr. Calvin, as I just said, it is not our problem. We have no drug addiction in our country. It is your problem. It is the corruption of your wealthy country. Your people need to entertain themselves. Dont blame us for your chaos!
His exasperation had reached its boiling point.
Are all Mexican police as arrogant as you? I expected anger and I got it. With all the force of impugned dignity he rose up from his chair and laid down the law.
Mr. Calvin, this American arranges the chess pieces of international drug trafficking for your major cities. He is in charge of supply and demand, death and destruction for gringos. He facilitates all your needs. In his own circle, this man is respected, reliable, and has a reputation that goes back decades, especially by people like Juan Carlos Garcia and his Sinoloan Cartel. He has no national loyalties that we know of. And he certainly has no affiliation with Mexico, other than Garcia. He is a man without a country and he, as I stated, is American.
Exactly what I wanted to hear. His distaste of the United States was more than evident, it was defiant.
Then why dont you tell me who he is? What the hell is wrong with you?
My impertinence shocked, then amused, the Police Chief whose anger simmered to amusement. Like a cat toying with a mouse, he replaced his spectacles, leaned forward, and gently gave me a lecture.
I do know much more about him than you. This man is a ghost, Mr. Calvin. He carries a great secret, a deep scar of hatred for you and your kind, and the government you serve; one that few would ever believe, or ever understand. Some say he was once an important leader. It is rumored he murdered a very powerful man in your government, decades ago. But now he walks the earth alone, without country, without family, without friends, without name. He is a tall man, a thin man, as thin as a skeleton. His eyes are sunk deep and carry a message of your destiny. He is a grave digger. But as you know, we in Mexico honor our dead. We even celebrate the Day of the Dead, while you gringos refuse to believe that death exists at all.
How he jumped into mysticism in one breath alarmed me. If none of this was pretense, then he certainly knew much more than he let on, much more. I shot back, Fairy tales are suited for children. You lead a boring life, Officer Nariz.
He had to know I was hooked by his wild revelation, encrypted as it was. He spoke as if I would someday understand his story. It gave him no small amount of pleasure to hook me.
I returned to the work at hand and changed the subject to ask the obvious, You know damn well I have two associates, not one. I need three tickets to get all three of us out of Mexico.
No, Mr. Calvin, you need only two tickets. Mr. Melendez is not returning. He is not going back.
I was infuriated. I rose and pounded his desk, I cant abandon anyone! I need three tickets, now!
I assumed he wouldve had me thrown out, or have done it himself, but he simply smiled. Have a good day, Mr. Calvin. I must return to my work. I have done my job. You have been instructed. Use it, if you wish. That is all I have for you, all you need to know, which is all that I know. So now, we shall part. He put away his golden framed glasses, and without smiling he glared defiantly, expecting me to exit.
I looked at a blank face, searching for any clue of concern. He revealed nothing. He didnt care what happened, or who got killed, or why, because it was all a Yankee problem, and a Yankee victim, and today he was damn proud to be Mexican.
He picked up the excess papers off his desk which he had revealed, then swung around from his desk to file it into his cabinet, declaring, I will keep these papers for twenty-four hours, in case you forget...or worse, you should fail.
I rose from my chair, convinced that nothing more would come of our conversation. I turned and walked to the heavy oak door. Unexpectedly, he offered one last comment. I looked but his back was turned as he declared,It is a beautiful day. Enjoy it, Senor Calvin. In Mexico, life can be sweet, but it can also be short.
I closed the door.



CHAPTER TWELVE


The following day, I sat quietly in the hotel lobby observing my partners more carefully then when I first encountered them. I studied Harkin as he attempted to read a Mexican paper, though he didnt know a word of Spanish; while Melendez was listening to the music piped into the lobby, his feet propped up upon a chair. It was seven in the morning and I waited for that critical call which would set the machinery into action. As expected, at exactly seven it rang.
Excuse me, gentlemen, I have a call, I said, rising from the table. I answered my phone and walked to the bar, only to hear the raspy voice of DEA Director Cruz breaking in with a pretense of curiosity.
Well, did you speak to that messenger, and did he get you to your source, yesterday? You now know our target is there in Oaxaca, waiting for you.
He spoke as if it were a game, and we close friends. The man was not suited for his position. I could only wonder why such a fool felt I bought into his charade, but even so he never stopped to catch his breath.
Our sources reveal he will be there only a short time. We need to move, Calvin. I understand you got briefed by the Police Chief Nariz? Tell me what he said.
Yes, I did get briefed yesterday. I have the information needed. What exactly do you need? Captain Nariz told me Melendez will be acting without my oversight, and that you will leave him here in Mexico without a ticket back to the States. What exactly are you doing?
I told you before, Mark, you need not bother yourself with these other details. I promise you, Melendez will be safe in Mexico.
Details are my business, Director. That maneuver doesnt make sense. It could cause chaos and failure. You dont understand this work. This all may become a matter of life and death. Ive got to know everything while Im still in charge. There is no one else thats responsible.
Apologetically, he jumped in,...Of course you do, but Agent Melendez has been briefed about his part in our executive action. Hes dealing with more aspects than you can possibly know about. We no longer fight wars with horses and sabers, Cruz laughed. Everything is digital and monitored, from drones to internet spying, you know that. Hell need to communicate with me and execute actions without you. Thats just the way it is, Calvin.
Abruptly he stopped, then corrected himself. I mean hell know what to do for you, and clean up the dirty details of this work after you and Harkin leave. All you need to do is provide an avenue of protection for him to escape. That other recruit, Harkin, can help you on your way home.
He was unable to hide his arrogance. It gave me concern. You still havent explained how someone gets out of Mexico without without a flight ticket? Is Melendez walking?
I told you, he has to stay to clean up another piece of business afterward. Its not important for you, or Harkin. Its technical. Hes fluent in Spanish and must deal with a special mission.
I was getting wary, so I got down to brass tacks,Well then, Director Cruz, tell me about our target, this old man. Whats his name?
Its classified.
Bullshit! Why is he being eliminated.
Watch your language! That happens to be classified as well.
I couldnt take one more minute of the nonsense,Im getting tired of your evasive behavior. Why do you need me at all, Director? This doesnt make a damn bit of sense.
I have orders. Listen to me, Calvin, these are your directions, not distractions. This operation has international importance. Its been well thought out by top professionals. Now, listen to me, this is the place you must go as you have been informed. It is at the Restaurant Rosa on Santayana boulevard. Thats where the old man will be at exactly ten in the morning for his breakfast. Our informer says he will be escorted by an assistant, an armed bodyguard we know who will go to the restroom shortly after ten. It will isolate the old man for ten minutes. Only then will you be able to complete your assignment, and escape without police interference.
I know all that, now. What is the exact age of our target?
I heard nothing on the end of the phone. All I heard was heavy breathing, but no words. He was hesitating, lost for an answer. I jumped in, Are you there, Cruz? What the hell is the problem? How old is this bastard?
He whispered, Oh, hes at least eighty, maybe eighty-five.
So, what Captain Nariz said was all true. The thought of it was absurd. I felt a bit dizzy. Youre kidding, this is all a joke. You dont need me for this, and you certainly dont need three people. He shouldnt even be a target.
Cruz pleaded, Hes considered dangerous for what he knows, not for what he does. Its top secret. It happens to be the most dangerous secret of our nation. If it gets out, countless lives across the globe will be affected.
Did you say, globe? You need to silence an eighty-five year old man because hes dangerous? What is his nationality?
American.
Then its illegal. He gets a trial. You know that. You cant do this.
Hes a traitor about to sell national secrets. I have orders, and so do you, Calvin. Juan Carlos Garcia, the Cartel leader, is associated with him. We can not take him to trial, without upsetting an apple-cart with several other Federal agencies concerning Garcia. I wont repeat this, Calvin. Every day he remains alive were in dangerand dont ever forget that you, too, are in danger. I know it, and you know it. Im only hoping you have enough sense to wise up before its too late for you.
With that, he hung up.
He made no attempt to hide his threat, or his contempt, and I wouldve launched my fist through his face if I had been in the same room with him. But he was safe in Dallas, and I was sitting on a time bomb in Mexico. I counted to ten, rose, and casually walked over to the table where Melendez and Harkin were still eating. Harkin spoke first.
That was the boss wasnt it? I told you hed call you soon. What did he say?
They spotted our target. Hes here. We may need to act soon.
I started to wonder, but not about the old man. It was about the mystery surrounding Melendez. Why did he have to remain in Mexico, and why did he say nothing about it. He was a young, competent agent of the Company who had a bright future ahead of him. He should have been returning to safety with us. Did I underestimate him, or was Director Cruz tossing a bone to the Mexican government to save face? Was this all some compromise for getting what we wanted? And then, why was I being left out in the cold?
Harkin appeared enthusiastic, Well, what did the boss say he wants? His interest was obviously peaked, but the eyes of Melendez continued to evade me, while staring out the window into the streets below, affecting disinterest. I would guess he knew everything, each step to be taken, as the Police Chief and the director had repeated, but Melendez had refused to tell me one damn thing during all this time. Now, he wasnt as confident about fooling me. He must have sensed the covers were being pulled, and he could no longer play the dumb novice. His secret was not important to me, but the reason for it was. Suddenly, it dawned on me that the missing flight ticket may not have been his.
I rapped on the breakfast table to get the young mans attention, Tomorrow, gentlemen, we have orders to move. The target was spotted here in Oaxaca at a local restaurant thats guarded for him for at least an hour or so, each morning. Are you both able to act as you have been prepared?
Melendez looked at me with a sullen expression, Of course, I am. My equipment is prepared. He then shrugged with an air of annoyance. Im always set to move. We all are, arent we?
I glanced at Harkins vapid grin. I realized not everybody was. I finally rose, Okay, then tomorrow it is. Entertain yourself today, and get a good nights sleep.



CHAPTER THIRTEEN


Leaving the hotel the following morning all three of us jumped into the nearest taxi and sped off to the address I had been given. As our taxi rolled up to the restaurant, I checked my watch. Have you got nine-forty? Both Harkin and Melendez checked their watches.
Were synchronized at nine-forty, Harkin replied. As I studied the area, I spotted a tall, young Mexican in an expensive black suit, a pink shirt and a white tie, standing outside the tavern entrance, his eyes hidden behind large, dark sunglasses. He immediately noticed us and stepped towards the taxis door. He bent down and peered inside. Lowering his sunglasses he asked the obvious question, Quien estan ustedes, senores? Lo siento, ahoy no es possible para los gentes a entrarle. No estamos abierto.
Harkin replied with a smile, Tres amigos, seemingly unaware we were about to execute people. I interrupted, Yo soy un amigo del Capitan Nariz. The Mexican turned around to see if any other person heard, or was possibly watching, then turned back. He asked us to wait, Esperate, senor. Un momento, por favor!
The guard walked to the door, looked in, then looked back and nodded to us.
Melendez jumped out first. He talked to the guard. It was true, Melendez was versed in Spanish. Exiting the cab, I turned back to Harkin and told him to remain inside the taxi and keep the driver running his engine. I and Melendez walked inside with the security guard. The establishment was exactly as described by Police Chief Nariz. The small cafe was empty except for a thin older man in the rear, sitting alongside the very woman who was in the office with Captain Nariz. We approached the bar, while keeping our backs to the old man. I ordered a bottle of beer, looked through the mirror and witnessed the sudden apprehension of the old fellow. Most suspects, even hunted ones, ignore the possibility of anyone watching through public mirrors. The likelihood of perception is rare, unless that suspect is experienced and acutely aware of that pitfall, and in this case the old man was.
I watched him turn and start looking at us through the bar room mirror. He grew animated, then alarmed, sensing his danger. Angrily he turned to the bodyguard, who had allowed us to enter, demanding an explanation, then pointed at myself and Melendez. As I watched through the mirror, I knew our cover had been blown. I tapped Melendez on the leg and signaled him to act quickly. He understood and took several quick, deep breaths. My own pulse rose. It was racing by the time Melendez prepared the ultimate move. He slipped his right hand into his jacket, removed his Glock 10 and gripped it tightly to his chest. Carefully, he unlocked the safety, then looked at me. It was then that the old man became certain of his predicament. He hollered out to his bodyguard to act, Shoot them!
But as the bodyguard stepped back from the old man, Melendez jumped off his stool. Crouching as he gripped his weapon with both hands, he pointed it unexpectedly at the guard. He fired off four rapid shots into the chest of the bodyguard, propelling him up and backwards. The body slammed hard as it hit the wall, then slowly slumped down onto the floor, bleeding profusely from chest and neck wounds. Startled, I slammed the bottle on the bar, but it was all too late. He was dead.
I hardly had a chance to utter one word before the old man took to flight. He rose to his feet, turned over the table and covered himself. Melendez walked steadily to the makeshift shield, but aimed his gun at the female officer that had been sitting with the old man. She turned around in shock, trembling, as Melendez fired three rounds into her torso. Her body twisted up and around, like a ballerina on fire, before collapsing onto the floor.
I hollered,The target, Melendez! The target! Take out that fucking target!
Melendez twisted back around, as the old man managed to push the table directly into Melendez. Sidestepping the rolling table, Melendez stepped into the spot where he had blown open the mans neck. With the left ball of his foot insecure, standing on the red bloody surface, it unhinged his balance and he slipped off and fell backwards. The old man wasted no time. He headed for the exit door which was ten feet behind him, swung it open, and darted out of the room. Snapping out of my confusion, I leapt off the stool and dashed to the exit, swung wide the door to follow the old bastard, but found myself facing him. He stood and stared back at me, arm straight as an arrow, holding a revolver that was pointed at my chest. I had one second to live. Immediately dropping to the floor, I rolled furiously across the bar room. I heard three shots blasting near my ears as I continued to roll, then heard nothing except an ominous silence. Quickly lifting my head, I saw he had left. I stood up in the midst of all the chaos, scarred with blood. Melendez was still lying down, not even moving. I looked across the entire room, glared at the carnage, not sure what to make out of it. Melendez finally struggled to his feet, and leaned against the wall, breathing heavily. I realized he wasnt going to follow the old man, or even open the door. Our showdown had ended. We failed. I looked at the two victims slumped dead on the floor and wondered why the hell they were shot. Cautiously, I walked around the bar, and noticed the bartender still there, crouching below the counter in a tight ball, trembling with fear for his life. He kept his hands clasped over his head and wouldnt lift it. I then approached Melendez, leaning up against the wall, his wild eyes glazed in fear, as blood vessels in his neck kept expanding and pumping blood like a brush fire.
Melendez, put down your weapon! Its over. Weve got to get to the taxi outside, and get the hell out of Mexico before the police arrive and shoot us. Follow me, shut up, and dont run. I then turned, and walked out the front door. Looking down both sides of the street, I noticed nothing but a streetwalker passing by, tightly dressed in a florid pastel skirt, too small, too short, and too bright. I smiled, as she waved invitingly, placing more emphasis in her sway. Harkin was now standing outside the taxi, waiting and looking at us with disbelief. I took Melendez by the arm and pushed him into the cab. He remained frozen and silent, his head leaning half way out the window, gasping for air, wide-eyed and glaring off into some senseless orbit, as we sped away.
I ordered the driver to head through several side-streets, reverse, and then head for the main street towards the metro train station. He did as told, sensing the danger. Ten minutes later we arrived at the metro station and all of us stepped out. I dropped a hundred dollar bill on his front seat, and we casually walked into the train depot.
Harkin asked, Well, what exactly are we doing here?
Were improvising, Harkin, I shot back. Your partner killed everybody except our target. He destroyed our entire mission. Were no longer welcomed in Mexico.
What? Harkin turned fast and furious, glaring at his quivering companion, whose eye lids kept fluttering aimlessly, as if in a state of shock.
Harkin demanded, Hey, Melendez, what the hell is wrong with you? He then turned to me, demanding an explanation. Has he been wounded?
Not physically. He murdered innocent people, including a police officer working for us, so the Mexican police will now have a reason to shoot us on sight, if they catch up to us. Harkin, were not going to court or jail. Were headed for a cemetery, if you dont listen to everything I tell you.
What are you talking about, Calvin? Melendez looks like hes in outer-space!
I agreed,Hes done something strange. Obviously, hes getting orders from somewhere else, and hes kept it to himself. So far, he shot both the body guard, and the informant for the police chief, Nariz, allowing our target to escape.
Harkin was baffled. Our situation was not only out of control, it was incomprehensible. How could Harkin be sent to me without knowing a damn thing about his partner, Melendez? I grabbed his arm and demanded,Are you in on all this? Did you know anything about his mission? Dont hold back, or I swear, Ill kill you. Our lives are on the line.
Harkins face glared back in fear, Me? All I know is the target was that old pirate, thats all. Ive known Melendez two months, but knew nothing about any secret mission, or for that matter, Melendez.
Harkin looked bewildered. I judged for now he was telling the truth. I had to conclude we were dealing with a killing machine no longer under our control, or his own. Well, Harkin, when he returns to earth were going to have a long talk, if were still alive and he recovers. Now, lets get out of here. Were wanted as enemies of the State, as well an open target for the Cartel mobster, Juan Garcia. Lets head out the back way of this train station. Take Melendez with you, and well meet at our hotel in an hour. Got that? Go!
We scoured the street surroundings which seemed calm and unaware. This is where we separate. Take separate routes.
Sure, but why split?
We cut the chances of anyone following... I looked down at my watch,...or all of us dying. Ill see you later. I turned down the street and walked in the opposite direction, leaving the option for Harkin to make his wisest decision. He was on his own, for now.
A city bus arrived where I had crossed over to the open market. I jumped on, knowing I could back-track with a taxi, afterward. No one paid much attention as I stepped on and moved to the back. I sat down beside an elderly woman who was codling her granddaughter. Reluctantly, I accepted a red lollipop from the little girl while she sat gleeful on her grandmothers lap.
I pulled out my phone, pressed one button and waited. I heard a nervous reply, Yes? This is Cruz speaking. Who is this?
Who do you think? Its Mark Calvin...you can see my damn number on your phone.
Im in an important conference, Calvin. I wasnt expecting calls. Whats happened so far? Is it over?
No, but super-boy just burned down the mission. We have a problem, Cruz. Were all are on the run. Melendez murdered a police officer working with us, and now were hunted. He lost his grip and killed two innocent people, two people that were aiding us. Then, he appeared to slip on the blood on the floor, allowing our target to escape. The old man ran out the exit, as if his ass was on fire. Hes alive and well, thanks to your mysterious Melendez. That Cartel leader, Garcia, will know all about this soon. I could no longer restrain my anger with this character, Cruz, I need answers! Why the hell did Melendez shoot two people that were helping us get this target, and why was it kept secret from me? You knew this all along. This wasnt in my playbook. I want an answer, or Im shutting down!
Cruz sounded puzzled, How should I know? Did you say he actually shot a police officer?
You know damn well he did, hes under your direction. He shot two government people that were helping us and he did it without provocation. It was planned. You ordered him to kill innocent people, and the target escaped. This has become an international incident. What is the Company attempting to do? I have little time to talk bullshit, any longer!
The voice on the end of my phone pleaded, Mark, I dont know. I swear, I dont know a thing.
Youre lying, Cruz! If I get out of Mexico, youre going to prison. Im going to have you arrested, if youre lucky.
He pleaded once more, Calvin, Im telling you the truth, I had no idea he was crazed. You have to believe me. But, be forewarned, if you go through with your threat Ill have to consider you dangerous!
Dont think twice about it, I am! I hung up.
Cruz was stonewalling, but gave me enough information to start putting pieces together. The rest would reveal itself later, but now I was primed only to survive. Cruz had seen my number on his phone, but didnt expect me to be talking. His hesitation told me that much. Pleading to me, instead of giving a clear answer proved he was not only guilty, but alarmed that something failed. I could not believe this was handled by just him and Melendez. I decided to call Harkin. He answered the phone and assured me both he and Melendez were now safe.
`Yeah, Calvin, were both here at the hotel. Melendez is off center but hes taking a hot bath. When will you get here?
A half hour. Listen to me, Harkin. While Melendez is still in the bathroom, get his cell phone and turn it off. We cant afford any tracking, or him communicating with others, not until I talk to him. Do you understand?
Harkin wasnt sure, His phone is in his jacket, which is still with him inside that bathroom.
Well, get in there now. Say anything, do anything, but get that damn phone out, and shut it off. And dont tell him where it is when he gets out. Is that clear?
Sure. I got it.
I hung up. My bus came to a sudden halt at a large mercado. Half of the Mexican women got off for the market, and I followed. If Harkin did what I told him, everything would soon be settled. There was no rhyme or reason to any of this, but two facts were obvious, Melendez had not lost his mind when he shot the two officers. That was part of his mission. But some part of his mission did not get finished. He was carrying it out, exactly as told by someone, even if it was not Cruz. The blood puddle Melendez slipped on was the only thing unforeseen, but that mishap saved the old mans life. It gave him time to think, and to escape. But the old man was not simply lucky. He was obviously experienced and quick enough to see what was happening, that is, who it was and why it was happening. Not possible for an ordinary person. So, he didnt waste time, but escaped. I realized Melendez and the old man had secrets I knew nothing about. Possibly not the same ones, but Melendez had one part of the puzzle, and the old man had the other, undoubtedly a much more important part, which is why he was being targeted, but I now needed both sides in order to see the whole picture. As the bus left the downtown mercado, I jumped into a waiting taxi and sped off for the hotel.



CHAPTER FOURTEEN


As I entered our hotel room I spotted what I feared, Harkin and Melendez relaxing, casually playing cards. Harkin was unmistakeably downcast, but Melendez upbeat, grinning like a cat. Naturally, he spoke first, Greetings, Agent Calvin. Pardon me, I mean Mark. But no problem, its only us, here. Glad to see youre alive and well.
Of course. You too, Melendez. Were all temporarily safe. When we get time we have to talk. You seem to have had a remarkable recovery from our cataclysm. For now, well need to get out of the line of fire. That means we get out of here this minute.
Where? What hotel? Harkin asked.
No more hotels. Were getting out of Mexico. Ive been notified were now officially on the Cartels top-ten hit list for attacking the old man. The Mexican police will be helping them find us in order to save face, after what happened to their police officer. I assure you, Chief Nariz would like to see nothing more than all of us out of Mexico, even if its in a body-bag. I turned to Melendez, sat down, and faced him off.
Melendez, you killed two innocent people and it wasnt a case of collateral damage. You deliberately executed non-targets without my knowledge. Why? I need some answers, before we leave this room.
As if prepared for this confrontation, Melendez folded his hands and stretched them across the dark oak dinner table. He lowered his head like a penitent sinner, and spoke softly in a whisper. It was terrible. I dont like what happened, or what I did, but I had to do it. I was ordered to eliminate any potential eye-witness. Everything had to be clean, sir. Absolutely no eye-witness was to be left alive.
My anger raced into a spin of fury. This pretense of humility was contemptible. What question could I possibly ask that he would not hide, or lie about? This was clear and evident. He was stonewalling, operating on his own, an island onto himself and I was irrelevant. I knew at that point no argument, discussion, or question would be answered.
I politely smiled as I loosened my tie, Then perhaps we should just forget it. The mission is officially over, anyway. Harkin, get on the phone and make flight arrangements, now.
Melendez added, Ill go downstairs to the lobby and keep my eyes glued on the desk personnel. Who knows, we may face those police. Ill call if I see something.
Yes, do that Melendez. Now, everybody, lets move.
Got it. Melendez replied, as he jumped up.
When he reached the door, he turned, Damn! Almost forgot my phone. He walked over to the table, picked up his cell-phone and rushed out the door. My eyes opened wide, as Harkin released nothing but a grunt of despair. When Melendez left I understood what had happened between the two of them while I was gone.
Harkin muttered, He was on his phone as I walked into the bathroom. It was exactly as you expected. He was depressed one minute, and the next, he seemed to come out of his dark funk. His mood changed radically, almost as if he had won the lottery. God, Calvin, Im sorry. But there was nothing I could do after that.
I rose and walked to the window and looked out. We may not get out of Mexico, Harkin. Theres something very big going on. But at least I have enough information to know who was on that phone.
You do?
You didnt ask Melendez questions after he got off?
No, I felt it would appear suspicious.
Did he volunteer any information?
None..., Harkins eyes widened. ...Youre right! He should have said something, made some comment, but he hung up and simply talked about the weather.
It appeared Harkin did not know the assignment that Melendez was executing. He was an innocent bystander. My experience proved this was not necessarily the case with agents who were good actors, but Harkin was young and inclined to be blunt, saying exactly what he felt.
Do I need to know what hes up to? he offered.
It matters little, now. We failed, and we have to escape. Whats important is we all get out of here to save our lives. This mission has collapsed.
That thought applied only to myself and Harkin. My memory flashed back to the two flight tickets offered by the Mexican Chief of Police, telling me Melendez was suppose to stay behind in Mexico. At that time I suspected Director Cruz was sacrificing Melendez to the Mexican government or the Sinoloan Cartel, but now it appeared different. Melendez was the one running the mission. The goat sacrificed was someone else.
Lets go, Harkin. We have to leave this minute.
Im not ready. I didnt make the calls to the airport.
Forget it. We may not get out of this hotel. Go! Well pick up Melendez downstairs.
I picked up my sports bag, and Harkin went inside, grabbed his, and we left. I swung the door wide and we dashed down the hall, descended two flights of stairs to the main lobby, then came to a halt. Reaching the back exit door, I decided to go back and check the lobby. Perhaps I was completely wrong. Perhaps, Melendez was actually waiting. Perhaps he was simply duped and it was all my imagination. I entered the lobby to see if he was not what I had concluded, that he actually was where he said he would be, at his post. I turned three different directions, stared into the expressionless faces of the hotel personnel, but saw no one else. Melendez was gone. The house of cards was on fire. I turned to Harkin, standing at the back-door exit, ready to run, then heard the lobby phone ring. I halted and stared as the hotel clerk lifted it off the cradle.
Hola! El Rosa hotel. Es possible para me ayudale? Senor Melendez? No esta aqui, ahora. El senor Melendez vaya afuera. Lo siento, senor.
If the desk clerk knew he was gone, he obviously saw him run out the door. As he was about to hang up, I snatched the phone away, to answer the caller and improvised, Buenas dias. Yo soy Senor Melendez. Como estas?  I waited, half-wondering why in the world would anyone call Melendez by way of the hotel lobby, and not his cellphone. It couldnt be the Dallas Director. Then I heard a dark, heavy set voice speaking in Spanish tell me the location of El viejo. There was only one old man in this matrix, sought by everyone. It was the target. Then the caller informed me, Tenemos cinco immigrantes para Estados Unidos... He paused. But I didnt know what the hell he was talking about. I interjected, No. and waited. I heard the man call out to someone behind him. It didnt take long before another person, the very last person in the world that I ever wanted to hear again, speaking to me.
...Eschuchame, Melendez! This man you now got. You people agree, no? You boss receive fifty thousand dollar from me, no? Ahora, doy a tu este hombre, senor Charles Dandinac para el dinero, si? Now, you make American boarder open for five people, or I kill you.
Garcia hung up. I cautiously looked around the vacant hotel, then back to the young desk clerk, who was still hanging over the desk, gently smiling, waiting for his phone. I hung up, then tipped him. Turning back, I spotted Harkin standing tall as a tree in the small hallway door, staring back at me with intense curiosity. Calibrating parts of the puzzle, I grew alarmed. Who the hell was this gringo, called Dandinac? All the wrong people wanted him dead, and my life was hanging on a thread, as well.
Harkin inquired, What was that all about?
Someone wanted to speak to Melendez.
On the hotel phone?
No one we know. It was meant for privacy.
Was it the director?
No.
The police?
No. Actually, someone more powerful.
Who?
Juan Carlos Garcia, the head of the Sinoloan Cartel.
Harkin stared at me, bewildered. How can you know all that?
You dont forget the voice of someone who threatens to cut your throat.
I knew I had opened a can of worms and it looked ugly. Harkin had no way to digest the facts or the history, and I could see he didnt like the chaos one bit.
We need to leave right now, I offered, I have directions to the target and we have a very short time to finish this job. Forget Melendez, well never see him again.
Why? Where the hell did he go?
God only knows. He wasnt working with us, anyway...and now were out of time. Ill explain it all later.
Reluctantly, Harkin shrugged and followed me as we rushed out the back of the hotel and into the teeming streets.



CHAPTER FIFTEEN


Riding a weather-beaten taxi across Oaxaca through side streets to the main highway, Harkin turned to me and finally ripped loose. You listen, Calvin. Ive had enough of this bullshit! I dont like being left in the dark by anyone, not even you. This whole mission is insane. It doesnt make a damn bit of sense. Melendez deserted us, after killing all the wrong people, and now you say the Cartel called him on our hotel phone, and so now were the ones being hunted! Tell me the truth, whats going on?
Trust me, Harkin. I had no knowledge of Melendez, either.
No, but you have years invested in the Company and you must have dealt with this shit before. My life is on a platter. I was lied to, betrayed, then almost murdered. It seems our boss in Dallas knows all about this, or else hes a fucking moron.
It was hard for me to answer Harkin because of the complexity of the players, and my own doubts. But I conceded,Its looking that way.
Harkin slumped down in taxi, resigned. I thought so. The danger I dont mind. I signed up for that. But lied to and used as a puppet by my own government, then watching good people murdered by my partner? What the hell is going on? I want some answers!
There was no point in hiding any longer. It was time to let Harkin in on everything. You deserve the truth, Saul. Years ago, when I began, I learned the hard way that all of this is a game played by powerful people on both sides, and neither one of them are saints, nor interested in our welfare. Its treacherous. Some dont even care about saving your country.
Our own people dont care?
Well, not about what we care about, or the small players. But, youre right, they dont care who pays the price for their success. Its about money; its all about multinational industry, power, and money.
He looked out the taxi window in disgust, then casually whispered, But you continued doing this job for a paycheck?
I had to smile, Well, Im about to retire. Its too late for me. But Ive met some heroes in my day. Besides, this job was the only thing I did well, at least on the level they needed.
I couldnt add much more without insulting him. I wondered what really mattered to any man his age, except ideals. The taxi grew silent as it raced across town. Gradually, I heard the street sounds of the city, the traffic of the rush-hour, the horns blaring, cars beeping, diesel trucks roaring, and our Mexican driver cursing the heavy traffic. My mind drifted away like a cloud. It drifted back to African nights in Lagos, Nigeria where once I served. I heard a million crickets ratcheting their legs at night, as I listened to my old friend, Samson Ogundipe, the freedom fighter laugh loudly at me for being naive about people, and power. I then floated off to Barcelona with my companion, Khalil Masoud, the terrorist, who swore to my face he would kill for me, for being his friend. And then lovely Marie Cabet of Ibiza, the French diplomat who seasoned her life with parties and intimate escapades more bizarre than her parties, who snidely called my dedication,...a tale told by an idiot, full of sound and fury, signifying nothing!
But most of all, my friend, Black Panther leader, Eldridge Butcher. A big man in so many ways, who I accompanied to UCLA to speak to students after his conversion. At Lake Arrowhead, he told me stories never revealed to the public about his flight to Libya. He laughed as he recounted misadventures of saving the miserable life of a Sixties radical caught handing out LSD to Kadafis troops. Eldridge saved the bastards life by putting him under house-arrest, just before Kadafi was to have him shot.
I was tossed about in my memory machine as if asleep, wounded by revelations of intrigue and tragic heroes which I too might have been, but never was. My life now seemed an endless adventure of little value. Only the sweet memories of ladies amounted to anything called love. I still hear the Gypsies in Ibiza strumming guitars, nursing babies, wailing melodies, and begging tourists for change while pickpocketing their husbands. And of course all those ugly American tourists in Hawaiian shirts, red shorts and sandals with socks.
I imagined strolling the Gothic section of Barcelona, again, observing Gaudis swerving architecture of his grand cathedral, which for fifty long years never seem to get finished by workers. Like everyone else, there was great color to my memories but what substance was in it, and what did it amount to now. Not much.
Out of the silence, Harkin shook my arm, Calvin, Im talking to you! Are we getting out of this country, today? And tell me, who the hell is this eighty year old fruitcake everybody wants to kill? Who needs to kill an eighty year old man?
I shook off my sleep and suddenly smiled, Actually, hes eighty-five.
I looked at the young mans perplexed face, saw my own and solemnly declared, Cant you get it through your skull, Harkin. Just do your job and walk away; or better still, get out now while youre still breathing.
Harkin wasnt prepared for philosophy, even with a whiskey soaked brain. I wanted to answer him, but like all simple questions, they lead to more, and more, and more; which leaves no alternative but to shoot the messenger.
My phone rang. I answered, but didnt believe what I heard. The voice I never imagine hearing was now talking on my phone.
I assume this is Mr. Mark Calvin. This is Charles Dandinac, the gentleman you and your monkees failed to murder the other day. Tell me, Mr. Calvin, how many agents do you need to kill a frail, eighty-five year old man? I was fortunate enough to escape when your agent slipped in the tavern, wasnt I? I found that rather amusing, if not odd. Your young friend shot all the wrong people, as well, didnt he? Well, Im calling to give you an offer, but it is only for you, and only for a short time. I would like to surrender, immediately.
It was him, the old man, the myth, and he was clearly alive, alert and well. I coldly told him the facts, You would like to surrender? Ive been assigned to treat you with extreme prejudice. You know what that means, dont you?
Yes, the translation is commonly called murder in your parlance. I was once in your profession, long before it began hiring thugs and reprobates like Mr. Cruz....
I quickly jumped in. After all the decades of evading the government, you want to surrender to me? How did you get my telephone number?
The old man laughed. You must be an analog man, Mr. Calvin. Dont you know, we live in a digital world. Im afraid, you, like myself, are relics of espionage. Were obsolete. I probably know more about you than you know about me. I even know of Katrina, your ex-wife, and your military service at Clark Air Force base in the Philippines. Yet, you are amazed that I possess your telephone number? Dont you know your government has access to every internet location, email, and telephone number in the entire world? Just think, all your world leaders are being listened to by some twenty year old computer nerd, like Snowden. Mr. Calvin, the Queen of England was given an bugged I-phone by that boy you call a President. The world has changed. Its no wonder they gave the assignment to the young man, Melendez.
He sighed, then continued. Mr. Calvin, Ive heard about you for a number of years, a maverick and a top agent in the field. Juan Garcia told me all about his visit to your shabby hotel room, last month. He says he likes your sense of humor. It saved your life. As I said, I did your work once, when it possessed some integrity. I was considered important. I know what it takes to face death, play the odds and win, but youve been in thirty long years. Its time to come in from the cold. Its no longer a game for James Bond. Its for computer geeks, and government bureaucrats. I assure you, your time and your life is as limited as mine. And mine will soon end, if you dont agree.
Charles Dandinac must have known he had been betrayed by the Cartel under Garcia, and had enemies on all sides. He knew he would soon be eliminated. Though his voice sounded calm and strong, I sensed the charade, and that he was reaching for the last straw before drowning. But he knew more about me than I did of him. He decided I was the last man on earth he could trust, but I was also responsible for him to stop breathing. As my enemy, his revelations were baffling; an American agent that the government wanted dead? Why was that kept secret from me?
Are you still there, Mr. Calvin?
I had let myself drift. Yes, Im still here. I was checking my wallet. What conditions do you want?
Safe conduct to the United States for trial.
Nobody wants you safenot anywhere, not at any time. If I help, I face the same people who want to kill you.
Well, I have something to offer. Someone must be given the truth before I die, or history dies with me. So, Ive chosen you.
The taxi had pulled up to the parking lot at the airport and I exited, paid the driver, and told Harkin to remove our bags. Entering the airport, I motioned Harkin to grab a chair and wait, as I kept talking.
Where exactly are you, Dandinac?
Is it a deal?
You got it.
Very good. Go back to the Hotel Rosa and ask for Miguel, the office manager. He will direct you. I ask that you show up, alone. If I see another person, I will not appear. So hurry, I may soon die. And when I die... He drew a deep breath. ...they will kill you, as quickly as possible.
Me? What the hell are you talking about? You sound delusional. In fact, why does anybody want you killed. Ill give you ten seconds, tell me, why are you so important. Why does anybody care to have an eighty-five year old asshole targeted? Youre a joke.
There was the predictable silence, and this was my last ploy to force him to say it, to produce the goods. Pride alone would make him stumble, and it did.
Mr. Calvin, he declared with irritation. Im the man who assassinated your President, John F. Kennedy. I was the man in charge of orchestrating the entire operation.
There was silence again on that line and in my head, not one thought as I went blank. I could not speak or piece together all the recent conflicts, not Melendez, nor my mission to eliminate this character. I had no reply and no sense of logic to the conversation.
Then he interrupted,I will expect to see you in exactly three hours. Be there, Mr. Calvin. This is your last and only chance.
He had to be lying. But then, why does a liar draw so much attention? His offer was take it, or leave it. It mattered little whether I believed it or not, he was the only alternative I had to flying back to an uncertain future. The government must have made some mistake in hunting him. It was all fantastic, but still, he was wanted by them.
The assignment once given to Melendez was now mine, but I felt Harkin deserved to know the facts. I could care less about Charles Dandinac, or the DEA at this point. But one thing that the old man said, was absolutely true. He shot his arrow carefully and deliberately. I had become a dinosaur in espionage and drug enforcement. My world and my values had vanished in less than a decade with computer technology. The military drones, the internet, universal spying on Americans. It all added up to one thing. A Brave New World had arrived. I was expendable. Technology had no place for heroes, anymore. It was Harkins world now, for what it was worth. So, it rightfully had to be Harkins decision.
Why Dandinac was being hunted down by the government with the help of the drug cartel confounded me. Even if his story was true, he was a leftover from a matrix of the Cold War settled a long time ago. Obviously, some oversight had occurred, and they were cleaning house, or the last vestige of undesired history before starting over. The old mans fears had driven him crazy, though his bluntness and his certitude had a strange ring. Obviously, he believed what he was saying, but as for me, what did I have to lose? I had bottomed out on the DEA. Houston Director, Cruz, was suspect and Melendez was both a deserter and murderer. I and Harkin were left. It seemed there was little to save, but absolutely nothing to lose. Time now became everything. There was danger of loosing it by lingering another day. On the other hand, Dandinac declared he not only knew why my assignment was important, but that only his safety would provide my own. If it were all true, then he was the solution I had been searching for.



CHAPTER SIXTEEN


When our taxi finally came to a rest, we got out and entered the airport, as I tipped the cab driver Harkin removed our bags. We entered the gateway and everything appeared normal, as normal as could be expected.
I knew our flight would leave in forty-five minutes, so convincing Harkin of executing my option of going back was unlikely, if not impossible, but I felt one last try wouldnt hurt. I asked, Saul, that telephone call I received was from our target, the old man who escaped from us at the tavern. He wants to surrender.
He laughed. Thats impossible. This is a trick. I want no part of it. You dont even know what he sounds like. It could be anyone; the police, or even the Cartel. Theres no way you can know. Why risk it?
Because he proved to me he was a former intelligence agent. That much is certain. He thinks like one, he talks like one. This is no joke. Hes one of us. He has been marked for what he knows. He has something valuable...a top secret.
Harkin reeled, So what? Everybody has a secret. We were suppose to eliminate him! Let somebody else save him. Im out. The world is turning upside down, and even Melendez turned out to be a traitor. He deliberately killed those police officers, and now theyre hunting us. Let that old bastard die like hes suppose to die, for Gods sake. Weve got to get on that plane, or were as good as toast.
I could see the exasperation. I knew his mind was fixed in granite, and his teeth set on edge. The likelihood of Harkin thinking straight was doubtful, but one last time I offered the ultimatum, It doesnt end that easy, Saul. Director Cruz is suspect. Even if we make it back to the States, were involved in an international crime against Mexico that wont be covered up by Director Cruz unless he blames us. We know too much. Theyll be waiting for us at the Dallas airport, if we get that far. We may as well find out why. The old man could be our lifesaver.
He shook his head, No way, Calvin, theres nothing going to change my mind. Thats final.
So, it was a done deal. He was right to be skeptical. I decided to let it drop.
Suddenly, police vans pulled up outside the airport, red head-lights swirling and flashing on their hoods, with sirens blasting. There were exactly four vans filled with police. The Police jumped out from each of the vans, then dashed directly into the airport. Some went to the ticket counters where flights were scheduled to take off, others took positions alongside passenger lines looking for any suspicious character, undoubtedly American.
Harkins eyes opened wide with shock. His head twisted three different directions to figure a way to escape, as if it were possible.
Turning to me, he pleaded,You think theyre looking for us?
I turned and looked him calmly in the eyes,Harkin, there are two dead Mexican police officers, officers that were assigned to help us, officers that were murdered by Melendez while the old man mysteriously escaped. What the hell do you think?
He raised his fist in the air and cursed,Damn!
Either we face that old man, or we face getting gunned down if we dont get our out of this airport this minute.
Then lets find that old man.
He grabbed his bag and was ready to launch himself out the door, but I secured Harkin by the shoulder, Not so fast! Dont rush! Appear like youre taking a stroll. Theyre looking for two well-dressed Americans fleeing Mexico, so we have to split up. Carry your jacket beneath your arm and get rid of your tie. I want you to walk down to the left side of the airport and exit there, then walk all the way back from outside. Meet me on the far right side of the airport entry, exactly where the city buses head out to town.
He nodded, then left. I casually walked out the right side and exited into the dark of night. Reaching the bus depot, I sat down on a wooden bench and took a smoke. Ten minutes later Harkin showed up. He stood over me like a tower. He said nothing, simply staring. I could see he was nerve wracked and emotionally drained.
Looking down from his six and a half foot stature, he complained, Calvin, why arent you nervous?
No need. We did the best we can. They kill us, or we escape, thats all. I shook my head, resigned. Its that simple. The facts are we never did have an assignment. It was all meant for Melendez. We were tricked from the beginning to end with this mess. We were chosen to divert attention and pay the ultimate price for Melendez to succeed and escape.
But why? he posed, slumping down upon the bench beside me, resigned to his predicament.
Our target, Dandinac, knows why and could offer us the answer. He phoned me because he figured it out after the botched attempt on his life by Melendez. It made sense to the old man, and he seems to make sense to me. We were scapegoats that Melendez needed in order to vanish. We were to be captured, or gunned down by the Mexican police, right there or in the hotel. Then the entire search wouldve stopped. Theyre wouldnt have been a trail. Melendez was suppose to disappear as if he never existed. It all has to do with Director Cruz hiding the real mission from us. Cruz, himself, is in on this. We were manipulated to take the fall for the assassinations, just as Lee Harvey Oswald did.
He puffed furiously on his cigarette and asked, Who the hell is Lee Harvey Oswald?
I looked at the twenty-four year old, and sadly shook my head, Never mind.
But why were we suppose to die? Harkin complained.
Dead men draw plenty of attention, but reveal nothing.
Young Harkin accepted the verdict. I was amused, as he was dislodged from his cocky attitude. Dont worry Harkin, if the Mexicans kill you, Cruz will probably give you a medal.
He didnt like the sarcasm, I dont want any medals! Im a Federal agent. Im an American, damn it! This is unfair!
Harkin, our mission was to illegally execute an old man in a foreign country. You think your life is more valuable than his?
Youre damn right, it is!
Write to your congressman.
Go to hell!
I probably will, but for now lets get out of this airport.



CHAPTER SEVENTEEN


You will do as I say, you stinking dog-bitch, Omar hollered out in the cheap one room flat above Garcias disco. He violently slapped the prostitute across the face several times. The woman did not understand and screamed in horror, but Omar ignored her as he continued to hit her again, and again, and again, until finally her face was swollen and bleeding.
Being at the very far end of the rooms in the hallway on the second floor much of what was happening went unnoticed before it was all too late.
Unsatisfied and infuriated by the hookers refusals, Omar removed his knife, pinned her up against the wall with his left arm, then proceeded to slowly slash her jugular vein by drawing it across her throat. The womans blood shot into his angry eyes and over him, causing his naked body to become drenched completely with blood. She slumped onto the floor dead before any of Omars friends were able to run down the hallway and break into his room. By that time he was already sitting, slumped upon his bed, hands covering his face and crying like a child.
Shocked and incapable of responding, the four others stood at Omars bed, aghast. They had no idea what caused the tragedy, and seeing the entire room, floor, and walls covered with blood left them speechless. They saw their leader shaking and weeping for himself on his solitary bed, and they became apoplectic. One quickly opened the door and looked down the empty hallway, then quickly slammed it shut. The rest feared for one thing, the obvious arrest by the Mexican police, the failure of their sacred mission, and the immediate retaliation by Juan Garcia. Their entire world had suddenly ended.
The youngest cried out, Why, Omar? Why? Why? Why? Oh, why did you do so horrible a thing?
This dog would not submit to me. She made me kill her!
The four were sympathetic for their brother and tried to console him, but five minutes later when a knock at the door by the madam had alerted them, they grew alarmed. She demanded entry to talk to her worker. One of the five answered by opening the door a crack to say everything was fine, but the manager was wise enough to know there was enormous trouble by the refusal to allow the girl to come to the door. Even their heavy breathing was obvious enough for her to know some form of violence had taken place.
She smiled, withdrew, then left immediately to call Garcia. Twenty minutes later he showed up with Sanchez. This time when one of the terrorists answered the door he was unexpectedly faced with a loaded revolver held with the iron grip of Sanchez pointing directly at his eyes. Get out of the way, or I will kill you!
One of them looked at their pathetic leader and asked, What shall we do?
He mumbled,We must let them in.
They agreed and unlocked the door, allowing Sanchez and Garcia to walk in. Garcia entered, silently examined the room. The first thing Garcia recognized was the blood stained walls. Sanchez looked about the room, knew what had taken place, and told the five men to sit down on the bed with their hands on their heads, or else face certain death.
He then turned to his boss, What do you want me to do, Juan?
Garcias anger exploded as he envisioned the tragedy.
You bastards will die for this!
He glared down at the womans mutilated body and the bewildered five men. With venomous rage he hollered,Who has murdered my worker? Tell me, or I will kill all five of you, one by one, this very minute. He then ordered Sanchez to lock the door. Some started praying out loud, as they assumed the worse. It took only one minute for Juan Garcia to calm down, just long enough to see an opportunity.
He glared at their leader, who was still sitting in his underwear, and informed him, In twenty minutes the police will be here. My manager has called them. I believe we need to fix this problem quickly with any means possible, or else face the consequences. I have no power over police without money, and you as foreigners, have just murdered an innocent Mexican woman. The penalty is death for all of you. She has no relatives, and fortunately you have plenty of money. But there is no avenue of escape for the five of you. You are illegal and all guilty of murder. This will demand every single penny you have, and then some. I will tell you this, at least one hundred thousand dollars more is needed for all the police, the officials, the politicians and myself to settle this, do you hear me? It is that, or the firing squad. You have destroyed my reputation and my business!
Garcia picked up a metal trash can and tossed it against the wall above their heads then shouted, I should kill all of you now, and throw your rotten bodies in the sewer! I dont need scum like you in my life. You have nearly destroyed me, you bastards! You will pay, or bring dishonor to your country, and at the very least die. Do you hear me? I need answers and your money, now!
All of Garcias expertise and deadly acumen pierced through the dark mind of their leader, who had thrown away his freedom. Garcia would now make certain that they would pay. When the Arab leader tried to speak he couldnt conceal himself from trembling. No explanations, no excuses were acceptable. Garcia didnt care what the reason for the crime was. This was business, and he was in the drivers seat. Their religion was meaningless and juvenile, like every other well-intentioned fool he had known in his life. It meant absolutely nothing to him. It was all pointless, if there was no recourse to money.
The Arab leader whispered hoarsely, Yes, we will do it, but....
Garcia interrupted,Shut up! Call your people and get me the guarantee of money now, before the police arrive. Garcia rose from his chair, turned, and signaled Sanchez with a sleight wave from his flanked arm. Sanchez immediately unlocked the door to the small room, and let Garcia out. But he turned around as he left, Sanchez, stay here until I send some one to clean up. Keep those bastards quiet in this room, until the rest of the women and workers can get out of this Disco.
Garcia turned his eyes towards the leader to make sure he was understood,Shoot any one, if they move! I will call you when I come back with the police. And one other thing... He turned fiercely against their leader, You will do me one other favor...you will deliver a large package for me to El Paso, when and if you leave. Is that understood? Do you know what I am saying?
The leader nodded, and Sanchez affirmed it, Yes, they understand, boss.
Garcia buttoned his white jacket and left.
The terrorists looked at each other in both pity and awe. It seemed they had met their match. Garcia walked outside the discotheque to await the police. As he stood there, seething he spotted an old woman sitting on the pavement, destitute and feeble, hand outstretched as she continued begging for money and praying beneath her breath. Garcia looked down at her with abject scorn. It reminded him of where he had come from. In fact, the sight of the pathetic woman was nothing less than a picture of his own mother before she died tubercular in a rat-infested hovel.
Oye, madre. Donde esta su Dios, a hoy?
En el Cielo, senor.
Cielo? Si, naturalmente.
Juan Carlos withdrew a hundred peso note and dropped it on her lap. Pero sus Dios no estan aqui en Mexico, madre. Es verdadno?
He turned and walked away, grumbling and puffing away at his Cuban cigar.



CHAPTER EIGHTEEN


Returning to Oaxaca, Agent Harkin and I got off the local bus then slipped into a side street where I spotted a cheap hotel. It was uninviting, but exactly what was necessary. With a sputtering red light connected to its top logo it was the ideal haven for the lost and forgotten, and those who wished to be. I led Harkin down the alley and into the misbegotten domicile. Ten minutes later we sat inside a small room with two beds, and a large overhead fan. No expectation of passports or visas were asked for when I deliberately failed to take any change from the manager. I felt safe enough to immediately launch upon my plan.
Harkin, we have a short time to make a move. I have little doubt we were set up by Director Cruz to die for this operation. Right now, we might make it to the northern border and out of Mexico, but as I said even then we face trumped-up charges from Cruz, who will protect the agency and those decision makers.
I looked him straight in the eyes, and asked for a final decision,We may get killed if we stay in Mexico too long, but well get falsely accused, charged, and convicted if we go back. This whole operation had been thought out a long time ago. These bastards have contingency plans to eliminate us. Cruz is criminal, and Melendez is a puppet. I removed my weapon from its holster, and glared into Harkins eyes. So, one last time, are we going for the gold?
Harkin pulled a small whiskey flask out from beneath his red tote bag, unscrewed it, and took a long swig. He grimaced and complained,I dont want to decide. I have no idea how these things operate, or if its possible to get back to safety.
His response told me he was willing to listen to reason. Harkin, Im running this operation, but the future belongs to you. Its your decision, not mine. My experience tells me our only ace has to do with a long shot, the offer from Charles Dandinac. The old man is part of a top secret that the government desperately wants to eliminate. Its all about what that bastard knows, and nobody else does. Hes the last piece of some matrix, some puzzle. It could be our only chance if he stays alive. We dont know who he is, and not a damn thing about why hes being hunted, and killed. But its my opinion that we need to get to him before the Cartel, or another agent does, if we intend to survive.
He took another swig and nearly gagged,Didnt you say, he sounded demented.
Yes. Its that, or hes telling some bizarre truth.
How do I know youre not setting me up?
Are you drunk, already? I just told you, Im giving you the freedom to decide what we do. You trusted Melendez, and you trusted the Dallas director, didnt you? Both stabbed you in the back. Your judgment sucks, Harkin. Thats clear and obvious. Dont blame anybody but yourself. Were running out of time, so you need to make up your mind.
I need more time.
We dont have more time. Are you on board or not?
Okay, Okay! Lets do it. Ill say it, We can be heroes...if only for one day! He slumped back down into the pillows and mumbled,My head is spinning. I need sleep. He stared up at the ceiling where the rooms large, dusty, fan spun slowly, circulating the humid heat around the room.
That was the end of our conversation. He took one more swig to ease his nerves as he again stared up at that giant fan imagining, I suppose, that it was a guillotine. I sat by the desk and began making plans for the morning.
I had no desire to sleep, but needed to figure out every possibility. It had to be logical. We were headed for a rendezvous with Dandinac. Harkin couldnt face it now, but in the morning his nerves would settle, and hopefully he would realize he made the right decision. The old man wanted to surrender and I needed his secret. After that, all bets were off. What was left had to be pulled out of the fire. Our destination would be Dallas. If Dandinac found out we were as desperate as he was, he would blackmail us for more.
I didnt understand the old mans design. It forced me to meet a character who committed high crimes, and successfully evaded the government for decades by allying himself with the Drug Cartel. He understood the adage that,...the enemy of my enemy, is my friend. So, we had to become partners with a man we were suppose to kill. I was left without anything else to think about that night, and I certainly could not worry about Mexican police. Garcias Sinoloan Cartel had long ago intimidated them with assassinations. They had quicker and more efficient ways of resolving problems, and would settle accounts with us long before anyone else did.



CHAPTER NINETEEN


In Ixtepec there is a sleepy village with a military outpost in charge of border security that protects Mexico from its southern neighbor, Guatemala. It lies far to the south of Mexico, near the Pacific border. It is small, as far as cities go, occupied mostly by natives, and Mexicans. It is the international crossroad of the ancient cultures, born long before any Spanish invasion, but now was the chief crossroad for drug traffickers entering from South America.
The indigenous natives, physically smaller then the average Mexican, are descendents of Incas and Aztecs, but now live side by side with the Spanish benefactors who had conquered them. Their military outpost was more token than utilitarian. There was no fear of Guatemalans invading, at least not for the last two centuries. But now, cocaine was the Conquistidor, and it flowed freely through Mexico directly into America.
Each morning, the bustling marketplace of Ixtepec opened for the public even before the sun rose. The native women alongside their children, all garbed in traditional shawls, show up to patiently hawk their wares, whether trinkets, art, or food to all the other people, whether Mexican or tourist. High atop of their slopes surrounding the town was an ancient Mayan memory, a pyramid of a bygone age, a dynasty which like all others was doomed to pass away.
That morning, in a quiet restaurant by the name of El Lobo, three somber men sat squarely in the center of the establishment, which was conspicuously absent of any other customers. It was meant to be that way by the owner, as a special favor for them that day. They were conducting a special meeting concerning an impending crisis. One gentleman dressed traditionally in military attire, was a stern military officer by the name of General Alvarez. He was both watched and protected by his six armed soldiers, who stood alongside the walls of the restaurant. The other two gentlemen at the table were the Cartel leader, Juan Carlos Garcia, dressed as always in his clean white suit, accompanied by his trusted lieutenant, Fideo Sanchez, who sat uncomfortably in a tight black jacket too small, and decorated by a tie too bright for the occasion or for his nature.
Garcia patiently listened to the General, whose domain in the region had apparently been tampered with, and was airing his grievance. The general had been notified of five mysterious foreigners who had entered Mexico on the West coast and were setting up residence in his town. Not usually something of concern for the military, except rumor had it they were associated with the only Muslim family in the town, who owned a supermarket in the city. These five visitors were all men, not reported as having families, nor interested in working. In fact, they were not settling in the community, except to contact some local students attending the university of Ixtepec who were from their respective Middle-Eastern countries.
After careful scrutiny of both men, General Alvarez began his summation with an ultimatum, Senor Juan Carlos Garcia, I have called you here, to Ixtepec, to personally hear from you the explanation for what is happening. I have known you for decades, and I can assure you, we have little concern over you transporting immigrants over the northern border. That is not my business, but rumor has it that these five young men that you are associating with are not Mexican. They are not even South American. Rumor has it that your appetite has become greater than your reach, far too great for your own good, or the good of our countrymen. Unless, you have some reasonable explanation, I will be forced to sever all ties with you, and deal with your behavior with extreme measures, because it boarders on treason.
The general lifted his glass of beer and finished it, before glaring back at the two, demanding an unequivocal answer. His stare remained planted on the eyes of Garcia, watching for any hint of a lie.
The commander of the Ixtepec military cocked his head sideways, patiently awaiting an answer. He wanted to ferret out any hint of deception and stop it before the affair became an international calamity.
Juan Garcia sensed the worse but smiled, as he rolled his diamond ring nervously about his left pinky, anticipating the possible conflict.
Well, General Alvarez, it is true we have have known each other for years. I would not deceive you. It has always been my belief that any man can be dealt with by reason except a liar, and I would never lie to you. I can not afford to lose your friendship. I have always been generous to the needs of the Mexican military and your family, havent I? I have nothing but the deepest respect for you and your burden for our nation, and I hope you share that respect for me. I swear to you, I would never deceive you. You must know that. I am a businessman. What would I gain in the long run? In the sea I swim in, it is always dangerous to deceive a stronger man, and especially a true friend.
Angrily, the general corrected him, In my world it would be suicide! Mexico comes first, Juan. I will not gamble on an international crisis endangering the people of Mexico and its relations to any other country.
Juan Carlos quickly assured him, Of course, I understand. Mexico is my motherland, as well.
Then are you willing to say these five travelers are not terrorists?
Garcia had expected this, and was prepared. General, we have Islamic families here in Ixtepec. Our local supermarket is owned by the Kasim family. They have been here over twenty years.
Alvarez became furious,But I am speaking of those young men associated with you. There are five to be exact, who according to my sources are heading North to the United States. Are they, or are they not, terrorists?
Sanchez froze, took a deep breath and kept still, as Juan Carlos continued.
I dont know.
But they are Muslims?
That much, I do know.
You do! the general shot back. How much have they paid you?
Garcia didnt hesitate. He pulled back from the table, turned to Sanchez and nodded his head. Sanchez reached into his pocket and pulled out a slip of paper expressly prepared for the meeting with General Alvarez. He slipped it across the table to Garcia, who carefully looked at it, then slowly handed the record of payment to the general. The general gave one glance at the amount, signifying one half million American dollars. He slapped it down on the table, and swore at Garcia.
This is treason! It is unacceptable. These Arabs are not illegals, they are terrorists! Are you a fool, or am I? This is a high crime, Garcia. I should have you shotshot, this minute!
Sanchez nervously glanced back and forth across the barroom, staring at the attendant soldiers, as well as all possible exits. But Garcia never blinked. His eyes remained calm and steady, his expression casual. He stared directly into the generals eyes. With a smile, he shrugged. General, why would I tell you the truth about this great sum of money unless I trusted you, and knew you trusted me. We are brothers. I have no need to go through with this venture. Not at all. If I wanted to cheat you, I would never have told you what I am doing, or show you such a great sum of money. But I tell you this truth, I dont know why they are here, and why they go north, or even what they intend to do. I am a businessman and you are a respected general of our country, one I have trusted for years. We have differences, but I have always been honest and loyal to you. I would never throw away our friendship for a few pesos. My word is my bond. Your word is my command. If you find this impossible, then it is impossible for me, as well. I will desist. I will stop immediately. I do not care about those strangers, or their money, or their purpose. I only wanted half of this money to be yours. So, if you say it is not to be, then that is final. But I am sad our brotherhood is jeopardized by loyalty to that nation which despises Mexico and our culture, as well as our poor. These are people who feed off the drugs that we Mexicans would never touch. They judge us as inferior? That is laughable. They are degenerates and weaklings, and they deserve Gods judgment. The time will soon come when this happens. But I will never object to your decision, my general. You have had my loyalty ever since our grandfathers fought with General Emilio Zapata. They were proud men, and I still have their photo, riding alongside him. Do you wish to see?
Casually, Garcia removed an ancient, yellow photograph of a young and remarkably handsome revolutionary by the name of General Emilio Zapata, straddled on a beautiful white stallion alongside two equally young, gun-toting bandeleros, who appeared to be laughing. The general looked down in disbelief. He stretched his torso forward, his jaw agape, and stared at the historical photo. He quickly looked up at Juan Carlos Garcia, beckoning with his eyes for permission to touch it. Garcia smiled and graciously slid it across the table for the generals quivering fingers to touch.
Eying the photograph of the revolutionary nobility, tears welled up in the generals eyes, as a smile slowly broke across his weather-beaten face. He smiled as he recognized his own grandfather. General Alvarez shook his head in wonderment, and handed it back. Garcia shrugged. No, you take it! I have others. Garcia shook his head with a sigh of regret, They were called outlaws by those gringos, but they were the real heroes of Mexico, werent they, Fernando?
The generals chest swelled as his head reared back proudly. His train of thought had crashed. He turned around at his soldiers standing dutifully against the wall awaiting his command. Slowly he turned and lowered his voice as he conceded.
Times change, and America must deal with its own enemies. My duty is to protect Mexico. I do not work for Americans. I have no intention of stopping you, Juan. Perhaps, I have wronged you, brother. I believe you. You may go. I will make sure you have no problems with the military if you go to the border. The rest is your business. God will judge.
With that, the general rose from the table, almost about to salute Garcia, but halted as he caught sight of his soldiers coming to attention. Casually, he stepped aside, grasped Garcias hand with both of his and vigorously shook it, Ten cuidado, mi hermano! He turned around, and motioned his six soldiers to follow him out and they immediately followed. General Alvarez abruptly marched to the door without looking back, then exited.
Unexpectedly, Garcia yelled out, General, I will see you later, after I return. Sanchez stared in amazement at his boss. Juan Carlos Garcia slowly leaned back, reached inside his white jacket and removed one of his Cuban cigars. His lieutenant immediately leaned over and lit it. Garcia puffed and blew the sweet, aromatic smoke into the air as he admired his bright, shining diamond ring, sparkling on his left pinky. The aroma of his cigar was strong, rich, perfumed and distinctive. He patted Sanchez on the back, and poured him a shot of Tequila, then smiled. It was a smile undeniably satisfied with its victory.
Drink up, my good friend. We have business to attend to and some very busy days ahead of us. They lifted their shot glasses and Garcia offered his benediction, Salud, mi companero!



CHAPTER TWENTY


In the after hours of a busy day, Director Cruz rested in a black leather chair in his office, listening attentively to someone on his phone. The posh office of the Dallas Drug Enforcement Agency was a model of decorum, located on the tenth floor in the Federal building. It contained his personal apartment, with a living room decorated in richest fabrics of purple and orange silk which stretched from floor to ceiling. His personal ornaments, mostly Greek statues and artwork, expressed his cultivated taste. He loved the symbols of his accomplishment. It made him proud of his achievements, since it possessed all the earmarks of a royal domain.
Director Cruz kept replying yes from time to time, while examining personal lithographs scattered across the office; paintings by Rembrandt and Degas, all tastefully placed and lighted. Sipping on his Daiquiri, he continued to agree with the person, who apparently was his superior, and then finally he replied.
Ill be honest with you, sir, its gotten out of control. We may try to finish it with my special agent, Melendez, and hope to succeed, but God forbid that old bastard eludes us one more time and goes straight to the Justice Department. He can still offer testimony, and even evidence. It is possible, you know. He can create havoc if he gets to the right people, and they believe him for one second. We just dont know. All of this ultimately depends on you, and of course what support my office gets. I am helpless at this point. Im bankrupt.
His emphasis on the last word was as artfully dropped as one of his lithographs by Rembrandt. The director leaned back in his chair, as he clicked off the TV news, and remained silent. He expected his contact to reconsider the magnitude of his need for cooperation, and all his own loyal efforts. The voice on the phone reluctantly replied, I see, you need more support, right? How much do you think is needed to make all parties amenable?
Their conversation no longer lingered over vapid remarks. Money was demanded, accepted, and now bargained for. The DEA Director declared, Well, to tell you the truth, sir, another half is needed just to contain this botched mess that Melendez caused to stop further infections, or leaks.
You mean half of what has already been allocated?
Yes, sir. That should secure the clean-up of all the loose ends down there with the police, Im sure.
It will be provided, but be forewarned Director Cruz, anymore unexpected foul-ups will be cause for immediate dismissal of our consignment. Do we understand each other?
Absolutely, sir. As I told you, it was unforeseen, all caused by a young recruit loosing control, which was unforeseen. It will never happen again.
The voice responded coldly, I assure you, it wont.
The caller hung up, and Cruz smiled. It worked. Cruz had succeeded in blackmailing his boss. His analysis was that this targets were more valuable alive than dead, at least for him. He knew the players were big, but did not have an idea why the problem was big. He assumed the target was a monumental source of information and destruction. Jacking up the cost by half at precisely the right moment secured fifty thousand more dollars that nobody else would ever see. Director Cruz felt proud of his initiative, ingenuity, and execution. His success exhilarated him, as if he were a boy, again, riding away with a stolen bicycle.



CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE


Mark, I say you are a great man and my loyal friend.
I shook the hand of my Nigerian comrade, Samson Ogundipe, as he saluted me before getting into the jeep awaiting him.
You are very generous, Samson.
Why should I not be. I am now President of Nigeria. If you had not helped, had not saved my life, Nigeria would have had a lesser man to govern my people.
Your sense of humility is admirable, as well as your humor. It speaks volumes.
Samson Ogundipe laughed loudly, as he placed his pitch black hand on my shoulder. I know. Thank you very much, my friend. He had become a friend during six months of the most vile hatred, violence and atrocities of his nation, a revolutionary embroiled with the ugliness of war, who had to sacrifice everything he possessed, including family, to lead his people out of hell. Samsons character had that mysterious quality called grace, a virtue hard to define and even harder to possess.
Mark, you are my true brother, and I only want you to know we of Lagos deeply respect you and are indebted to your service on behalf of my people and our freedom.
I reflected on the Nigerian mindset, so beautiful to behold in the right people. It shone as bright as the noonday sun.
But all of that was decades ago, when I was a younger man. Now, I listened to the stark thunder of night and the torrential rains, and felt myself rising from a grave, my own fleshless finger pointing at the rage of civil wars surrounding his shadow; the violent deaths, the bloodshed of men, women and children, the barbarism, the religious hatred springing up in each village like dandelions along with gun-toting tribal assassins and rapists, feasting on the carcass of a white stallion. I hollered for Samson to run, I shouted and shook his shoulders fiercely to wake him from the ensuing threat of Armageddon and a devastating war surrounding his nation.
Samson, beware! The end is coming. The end is coming! Wake up! Cant you hear me? Were all going to die! Wake up!
Samson turned around and his face had changed. His eyes were sunken, dripping blood, teeth enlarged as wolfs fangs. He stared back with savage hatred for me and all my kind. He laughed as he drew a machete, and I gasped for air, my lungs beginning to choke from the smoke of villages burning, and children dying. He raised it high above my head and swung it down across my neck. I cried out, but all I heard was a crack and my head fell and tumbled onto the earth, as I quickly bled to death. I then heard my friend, the Nigerian President, Samson Ogundipe, laughing, and laughing, and laughing, as my life ebbed away and out into the streets of Lagos. I had died.

I leapt from my bed awakening from my dark demonic dream, gasping for breath. My body was riveted in a cold sweat of horror. I spun around, searching, holding my aching temples, but saw nothing in the cold darkness of my bedroom. I slowly realized it was all a nightmare and I was still in the cheap, run-down, hotel on a side-street of Mexico. I heard a wall clock, loudly ticking, and looked up. I faintly recognized its short hand pointing at the number four. I leaned forward out from my bed, heard Saul Harkin snoring away like a child, sleeping off his whiskey.
The time had arrived. I had to go. As quietly as I could, I arose, still in my clothes, opened the door, and left Agent Harkin to himself. My final journey was beginning. I would soon meet this notorious character. Young Saul Harkin was not needed, nor capable of the subtle negotiation which would settle a serious account and end this manhunt.
Exiting the hotel and into the dark of night, I walked steadily down the alley to the main avenue, hailed a taxi, and sped off for the Hotel Rosa where I would meet a night clerk at a hotel. This mystery man, this angel of death, would soon tell me why the sky was falling and the world about to end.



CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO


It was about five on that morning when I entered the lobby of the Hotel Rosa. Immediately, I was greeted by a young desk clerk, who put his sandwich down and inquired,Senor Calvin?
I quickly looked around, saw no other person in the hotels lobby, even though nothing could save me if this was a trap.
I replied, Si, mi nombre es Calvin.
Por favor, esperate, senor!
He called someone on phone, spoke for all of about thirty seconds, then wrote something down on a pad, nodding as if having been given instructions. As he hung up, he ripped the message off the pad and handed it to me.
It showed the directions to an abandoned warehouse, three streets down from the hotel. The message indicated I should go to the second floor, and on that second floor this old man would be waiting for me. Again, I feared I might be murdered, but had to chance it. I left the hotel and began my short walk, knowing it could well be my last. There was no sunlight yet in the city, not a glimmer in the sky. I walked quickly and steadily across the streets through the night, each step feeling heavier than the last, until I faced a great white door of an abandoned building which loomed up before my eyes like a tower. Its front doors should have been locked, but werent. Obviously, my visitation was expected.
Upon entering I spotted an elevator, and next to it a stairwell. The stairs gave me a more secure feeling, so I took that. I reached the landing, and as I stood there heard the morning birds beginning to awake. Dawn would soon arrive, and so I was greeted by its benefactors. On the second floor landing I barely made out the large warehouse where once a large business had thrived. The dim lightening of morning throughout the halls was now growing, but not yet making any of the surroundings discernible. I strolled through, and looked carefully at every object for a sign of movement. Then I heard a voice.
Here, Mr. Calvin! I am over here! Keep walking. Im at the far end, near the factory windows.
I turned and spotted a human shadow standing all alone, a hundred feet away. I barely made him out, but his voice was exactly who I heard on the phone. It was strong enough to tell me he was still healthy. Charles Dandinac stood at the far edge of the empty warehouse, staring out of a great window, apparently unconcerned about danger. I cautiously approached, even as he turned around to face me. Remaining motionless with hand tucked tightly inside his right pocket, he greeted me.
Good morning, Mr. Calvin. I do assume you are Mark Calvin? Youre the only gentleman that should be roaming through this God-forsaken warehouse at this hour of the morning.
Yes, Dandinac, its me. I pointed at his pocket. Id appreciate it if youd slowly remove your hand.
He looked down, having forgotten the history of violence that followed him and remarked,Ah, that was careless of me! I imagine youve gone through some harrowing experiences lately, as I have. Cant blame you one bit. Please, come closer and we can talk.
I approached, my eyes scanning each and every part of the warehouse. He was a lean man, who offered a broad smile as he stretched both sides of his suit jacket apart, revealing he possessed no weapons. I halted ten feet in front of him, again searching for any possible surprise.
He then offered,Im told you are a respected field-agent. Perhaps then, we can reach an agreement that benefits the both of us.
Im required to kill you. What exactly do you want? Make it quick.
Simply my proper place in history.
I looked at him with curiosity, not knowing what the hell he was talking about. His introduction was unique, at least to gamble his life with. I decided to get down to brass tacks. Who exactly are you that even the American government is afraid?
Im their epitaph, a gravedigger, a skeleton.
You have a quaint way of expressing yourself, old man. Now, answer the question before I put a bullet in your head.
What I say is true.
Do you want to talk plainly, or not? What exactly do you want from me, and why do you think I can give it to you?
Get me back to America alive and I will give you the most important secret in American history. A secret that will save your own life.
My life is not in danger, its yours. I dont buy it. You tell me, and Ill decide. As I see it, you dont have leverage in this game.
Very well. I assassinated your president, Mr. Calvin. If you decide to kill me, your friends will have to kill you, as well.
Who exactly?
Youre handlers. The ones who use puppets to do the dangerous work, like your partner, Melendez. They will need to get rid of any witnesses.
As I said, I dont know where youre going with this.
Mr. Calvin, you allowed me talk to you, which they would never have wanted, or allowed you to do. I know that much.
I had no reply. He was playing an odd game, but he was right. It was strike one, as he continued.
Dont worry, Mr. Calvin. I deduced this when you agreed to show up, and risk your life. You have to be worried. Being the professional you are, you know that much was being hidden from you when Agent Melendez shot everybody in the tavern, except me. Your mission went haywire. Was all that on purpose, Mr. Calvin? Or does it really matter? You are obviously marked, as I am. So, lets not waste time. Get me to America, so I can testify and youll save your own life.
The impertinent ass had pushed the envelope and I was ready to blow his head off. It was strike two. Yet, he continued,I cant emphasize enough, you dont have a choice. Time is short for both of us.
The old man looked at me sideways and remarked, My guess is you were told to act without talking to me. Is that right? He suddenly mimicked a hillbilly,Now, dont ya allow that ole goat ta talk ta ya about no dang conspiracy, or any of that crazy stuff, ya hear! You just blows his mother-fuckin head off, Calvin! There aint no needs fer ya ta think. Weze done all ya thinkin fer ya. Youze just shoots that ole bugga, ya hear!
The old man laughed, then inhaled on a cigarette he had hanging from his mouth,Isnt that the way it went down, Mr. Calvin? They told you not to bring me back alive, or even talk to me. Did that really make sense to you?
I stared at him, amazed,Yeah, something like that.
He looked into my eyes, a bit sadly, wary of a death sentence he passed along to me. Tell me, son, he asked, Why do you think they picked you above all other agents?
Experience, and Im about to retire. This is my last assignment.
He sneered,In more ways than one. He turned and looked out the window again, where the sun was lifting up over the horizon. I could hear school children playing soccer in the streets, kicking a ball across the cobblestones, hollering and laughing with each other, not thinking about the ugly world they would inherit. I had to accept that if the old bastard wasnt crazy, I might be terminated exactly as he said. I had entered a deadly matrix as an unwitting tool. I would be labeled collateral damage, or the last viable witness to a covert operation. I was being forewarned by my victim that he had the power to kill me, even after he died.
Pointing his boney finger, he warned, Mr. Calvin, they wont waste time with you! They cant afford to. He offered it without a shred of doubt.
You mean as soon as I get back to the States?
He laughed,What an optimist! Impossible. That would create a mess. It would cause an inquiry right after your autopsy, causing other Federal agencies to grow suspicious. He shook his head as a matter of fact. No, youll never see the States again, and theyll never miss you, either. Youll become another American statistic, a soldier missing in action; that is, if they record you as working for them at all. Im sure you brought your own assassin with you. Who knows, Calvin, you may not even get out of this building alive.
It was a case of too much information. But just as he had said, my time was getting expensive. If he was nuts, nothing would come of it. If his story was true, then everything he said would follow like a set of collapsing dominoes. I was feeling uneasy. I just wanted to blow his brains out, and be done with it.
Right then, he began humming a ditty:
Ole man Fugger, the banking mother-bugger.
Plied his trade, with a back-street maid, and ended his life as a two-faced mugger!
So, he was nuts, after all. He had to be. I asked, You have any last wishes, perhaps a prayer before you go? I cocked the pistol, ready to end his life.
He smiled as he skewed his eyes at me, Do you know who Jakob Fugger was?
I sneered,A rap-artist?
Not hardly! Fugger was a medieval banker from Venice who lent money to warring factions within Germany which never seemed to end. Germany remained in a state of constant civil war and turmoil for decades, because of this clever Italian banker. He was the richest man who ever lived, and all of it from usury. He loaned to both factions, which guaranteed repayment to him from either side of the conflict, while the Germans murdered each other in constant civil wars, and in the process, all of Germany went bankrupt.
It was time to blow out what was left of his brains. His words assured me my suspicions were correct. But why did the DEA want to kill a lunatic? None of it made sense. I figured Id entertain the old bastard one last minute before pulling the trigger, Did you say, he was a loan shark?
No. Jakob Fugger was the first international banker. You see, Mr. Calvin, when youre a money-lender to both sides of a war, you profit no matter who wins. The winner forces the loser to pay all of it. It caused that religious fanatic, Luther, to excoriate Jakob Fugger to the German nobility, causing them to finally unite and kick that bastard out of Germany. Shortly afterward, Germany was unified.
The idea was irrelevant. I could find no logic in any of his babbling.
Just how long have you been insane?
He ignored my question and continued his story, infatuated to have an audience. Fugger then lent money to the Roman Vatican to build St. Peters Basilica, causing them to sink so far into debt they had to sell free passes into heaven to pay off Fugger.
The old man chuckled, as I stared back baffled. I shook my revolver in his face,Listen, you old bastard, Im about to blow your fucking head off, now.
And yet, he continued, Medieval civilization collapsed overnight. Martin Luther led a revolution, emerging as the Father of German Nationalism. Unfortunately, Jakob Fugger was Jewish, like myself, as dear Hitler carefully noted. Six million Jews would pay the price and be gassed to death as revenge by the Third Reich, because of that notorious loan shark, as you say. It still goes on, Calvin. This is the reason for most wars.
Im not part of that.
Oh, dont be modest. We both worked for the government. Were both part of it. We all play. I did. I was J. Edgar Hoovers hatchet man for decades. Why do you spend billions of dollars to democratize the Middle-East when your next-door neighbor, Haiti, is starving to death? Democracy? Liberation? Its all bullshit, Mr. Calvin. The truth is, you and your kind are nothing more than hit-men for loan sharks! If anyone stands in their way, they destroy him. No one is immune, not even presidents.
He glared at me, disgusted, Hasnt it dawned on you know who I am? Havent you figured it out, yet?
I dont know the exact psychiatric term....
He sneered at me, Very funny! Im the man who assassinated your President, John F. Kennedy. I orchestrated the killing of a man who nearly shoved the entire world into a nuclear furnace, threatening to attack the Soviet Union with a war for selling missiles to Castro. I was the one who ordered the bullet shot that ran through his skull. I saved millions of people from a holocaust, one that paled to anything Hitler had ever dreamed of.
The old man suddenly changed. He seemed twenty years younger, energized by a memory unleashed by fantasy. I could see a transformation and the heated fury of his delusion. But somehow it dawned on me. If it were remotely true, his death meant the end of some secret no man would or could ever tell; a secret he alone possessed. But he was an old man who needed a stage, out of touch and out of time. Or was it all a desperate lie because he knew he was as good as dead. The government wanted this old fool eliminated without a shred of evidence, or information left behind. I could only wonder why they needed this old lunatic eliminated? Moths had certainly eaten away his brain with ideas so grandiose no person would believe him.
He leered at me, blue eyes twinkling with amusement at my lapse of attention. Wake up, Mark. Dont fall asleep on the job. Youre suppose to shoot meor have you forgotten?
I spat back,I havent forgotten.
He shrugged,Well, let me give you something before I go. He reached into the pocket of his suit.
Stop right there, or your dead, I warned.
He stopped, then pointed to his inside pocket, Just a photo you might want to take home to prove you shot the right man.
He reached in, ever so slowly, and removed a plastic envelope, containing two photos. They were ancient, yellow, and frayed at the edges by time. Two pictures of different men; one, a young marine in the field, armed with rifle and smoking a cigarette; the other was a middle-aged member of the Federal Bureau of Investigation with the rugged face of a fellow in a brown suit and tie, standing alongside J. Edgar Hoover in the Oval Office of the Whitehouse. I was shocked. It was him. It was the same man, it was Charles Dandinac, both young and old. But it couldnt be. There was no way it could be. It seemed impossible. Yet, the old man proudly grinned back, as if he had put me in my place. I had seen that kind of contempt, that sly smirk a thousand times before, when I shaved each morning. There was no mistaking it. I knew my own kind. He was telling the truth.
You see, he declared,When we killed him, I had to flee the country and I never returned. I disappeared after a dozen men involved with the assassination died, or disappeared. I sensed it was no coincidence. I was told otherwise, over and over by Hoover, but I was the very last man on top of a pyramid that was disappearing each and every day. Some suspected Hoover, but it was actually the joint decision of the Soviet Union and the United States, a mutual agreement to avert nuclear war. Both their leaders had gotten out of control. They had both become mavericks, laws onto themselves.
Lee Harvey Oswald was the first patsy, Jack Ruby died soon after, a famous journalist, next. Thereafter, CIA operatives like air pilot Ferrie died, then a host of marginal players never known, or ever seen by the public disappeared. They all dropped like flies, and were never heard of again, all in just a few short months. There was a laundry list of violent deaths following Kennedys assassination, people I was associated with.
I know nothing about this, I offered.
He transformed as he began talking faster with an impending sense of urgency,The public examination was adjudicated by the Warren Commission, but it was the FBI, under J. Edgar Hoover, that provided the evidence. I was one of them. And it was Hoovers associate, Dr. Armand Hammer, long-time friend of the Soviet Union who engineered the entire agreement, saving America and Russia from a confrontation.
Armand Hammer?
The baking soda king, Arm and Hammer. Armands father was a Russian immigrant doctor who created the communist party in America, and was sent to prison for an abortion. Armand never forgot.
Youre painting yourself as some kind of hero, I interjected. You spent decades running from the law, helping a drug cartel. One that wants you dead, as well. I thought heroes died for causes, not for drug cartels...
I am a hero, Mr. Calvin!
No, Dandinac, youre no hero! Youre a traitor, and still alive and well. Youre a death merchant, and a lunatic. Youre story is bullshit. Abruptly, the old man looked out the factory window, fascinated by something below. He looked back at me, nodded his head with a grin, then pointed outside, laughing. If so, why is your partner standing outside.
I reached over and stuck my head out the window. I searched the streets, back and forth, then saw what was inconceivable. He was right. Brazenly standing on the crowded street corner, he was there. The old bastard was right. He knew what was happening. It was my own assassin, but it wasnt Saul Harkin. It was that mild-mannered Melendez, the quiet one, standing with his back pinned against the wall of a street corner. He was never suppose to be there, nor anywhere else. Yet, there he was in broad daylight on a street corner, standing out like a sore thumb. His posture was rigid as a pole, no longer casual. His head turning back and forth, side to side, eying the street, the people, and the cars as they sped by. He no longer looked like the naive young man I first encountered. He no longer looked like anybodys recruit. His entire body was set on edge, like steel. Tense and rigid, in a state of preparedness. He was back to marine mode, a killing machine with laser beams for eyes, searching for his target.
At the revelation, I gradually slumped to the warehouse floor, staring at the grinning bastard. He studied me with the eyes of a doctor, wondering why I was so easily fooled. I had to concede, Okay, old man, why did you kill your own President?
He returned my question with one of his own, Why did the Roman Senator Brutus kill Julius Caesar? To save the Republic from a dictatorship, thats why. Shakespeare gave Brutus a bum-rap over that assassination. Historically, Brutus, not Marc Antony, was the hero of the Roman Republic.
Anyway, we knew we had to prevent America from going into a war with the Soviets. JFK threatened to launch nuclear bombs at the Soviet Union if Castro used any Russian missile on us. Over a billion lives would have eventually been lost. Kennedy was forty-three, brash, and no longer accountable to any one. He ridiculed Hoover as a pervert to his staff, and Hoover knew about it. To those of us in security, Kennedy had become a national liability, turning the Lincoln bedroom into his personal whorehouse. In fact, Kennedy and Khrushchev were both considered out of control. Kennedy isolated himself with an iron circle of friends, making himself unapproachable, while his brother wielded enormous power as Attorney General, destroying contacts in organized crime once protected by Hoover and the FBI. But the Politburo couldnt remove missiles from Cuba without removing Khrushchev. They would only agree if Kennedy was removed, as well. They wanted a trade-off.
The old man wasnt trying to impress me, but he did. He recounted the memory as if reliving his life. Then slowly he reached into his pocket, which snapped me out of my lethargy. I raised my revolver and shoved it into his face, ready to fire.
Just a cigarette, damn it! he hollered. Every condemned man gets to smoke a last cigarette, Calvin. Slowly, he withdrew a pack of cigarettes and lit another one, as my blood pressure slowly dropped.
I informed him, You know, smoking will kill you.
Yeah, so Ive heard, he shot back.
Youre guilty of treason, Dandinac, even if this story is true.
The old man replied, Treason? You call it treason? Its all true! Or do you prefer the Cinderella version about a lone gunman having a lucky day, while working in a lucky warehouse? Use your common sense, Calvin. Five months later, the Soviet KGB marched into the Kremlin, into Khrushchevs office unannounced, and removed the leader of the Soviet Union. Yet, they never shot Khrushchev, or even put him into a jail! They sent the man to his home, as a free man. Thats not how dictators get deposed in a communist country.
But you murdered the President of the United States?
He shrugged,It is better that one man should die, then an entire nation perish.
Caiaphas.
Yes. Very good, Calvin, you know the Bible. Thats a dangerous book to read. I thank God, Im an atheist.
It was undeniable. So many parts of the jig-saw puzzle were falling into place. At the very least he believed everything he said, and I couldnt help wondering myself. I had only one sad question remaining,So, why would they want to kill you, now? Its ancient history.
If the truth circulates, citizens become suspicious and then alert. I would guess your government is ready to hoodwink the nation, once again. Possibly with martial law, or perhaps to consolidate nations. But now, youre as dangerous to them as I am...or was. They know youre a man who cant be bought. Isnt that why youre good at your job? You dont compromise.
The old man stared up at the ceiling as memories flashed through his mind; memories of youth, adventure, and glory. Those dreams had long passed. They were gone. He hadnt much left, if anything, to show that he once had caused the earth to tremble. But he was no longer important. His blue eyes were not as old as his body, eyes never are, and they glittered with the certitude that history would vindicate him.
I looked as he sat upon a pile of old newspapers, still attired in his clean white suit and red tie, planted as comfortably as if sitting on a throne, or perhaps back in the Whitehouse. He didnt see himself as a loser, or helpless. He was resolved to die with dignity, if need be.
But I couldnt gamble on time, or any of the other players, not even young Harkin. I extended a hand to the him as I rose and asked, Old man, do you have your passport with you?
Passport? Why, of course. He took it out from inside his jacket and showed me. I took it away, looked at his photo which showed the smug smile he still used, then ripped it out. I quickly replaced it with my own passport photo, raised my revolver to his head, and bid him farewell, Well, this is where we part company.
He glared back, amused. I doubt it, but who cares?
I looked down the street where Melendez stood, locked in an armed position for immediate entry, then joked, We both may have to die, today. So, dont feel bad.
You have nothing to worry about, Mr. Calvin.... He casually pointed down the hallway and offered, Go down to the basement by those stairs, cross over until you get to the freight elevator, then turn right. The back exit is there, and the doors are always unlocked.
What are you saying?
Youll be out of his range of vision, and safe for awhile
And you? Youre not afraid Im going to kill you?
He looked back with a expression of disgust, Do you want to shoot me, or just bore me to death?
I lifted the revolver above his head and fired off two shots. They were loud enough for Melendez to hear. The old man cringed, hollering, Ah! My fucking ears! What the hell is wrong with you?
Take care, old man! Youre on your own. If youre still alive in a month, Ill contact the Hotel Rosa, and well get you back. If I escape, he wont kill you. Just tell Melendez, you spilled the beans, that its no longer a secret.
He cocked his head sideways, and gave me a dismissive look, remarking, If that Marine is as dumb as you, Ill be alive for another twenty years.
Im sure you will, I shot back, as I raced for the stairs.
I now realized how I had been blindsided. I underestimated Melendez, who was actually tracking me all along, and would now attempt to murder me. Though quiet and dedicated, he was also an obedient, cold-blooded killer; much more of a dog than a man. How I fell so easily for his charade, Ill never know. Catching my breath, I realized I really wasnt fit to play this game any longer. The world had changed, as I had changed. But now was not the time to wax nostalgic. My life was on the line, and my ass was on fire.
I reached the freight exit and hit the basement in one minute, hoping the old man wasnt lying, and found out it was my lucky day, he hadnt. It was exactly as described. The elevator and the steel exit doorway were at the very spot he indicated.
I wondered what plan Melendez had to escape after shooting me? Had he a vehicle, or a partner close by? Was it Saul Harkin, after all? Would I be able to stay alive even for an hour longer? My disillusionment with human nature lasted for about ten seconds, before I went into overdrive. Flying out the basement door into the alley, I stumbled over an empty garbage-can, causing a thunderous clatter as it rolled sideways down the street alley. Dozens of birds flew off in every direction. I turned at the entry to the boulevard, then halted to get one last look at that back-stabbing son of a bitch, but he was no longer standing at the corner. He was dashing across the street towards the front door of the warehouse. He had heard the shots, as I had wanted, and now thought he would kill me. I was to be the last victim of Kennedys assassination.
Looking out the ally I saw another side-street that exited into a major avenue. I ran through, hailed a taxi, got in and slammed the door. Just then my telephone rang. I looked at the screen. It was Saul Harkin. I answered and cautiously listened as he began ranting, Why did you leave me in this shit-hole, Calvin? I was so drunk last night, I woke up completely confused, without even a message from you.
Catching my breath, I managed to explain, I thought you might not be able to handle the last part of this mission.
Why not? Im sitting in this hotel lobby, watching Homer Simpson cartoons, while the hotel clerk is checking in hookers and clients. What the hell are you doing, anyway?
I cant explain, Harkin. Just listen up! Meet me at the airport in an hour. Were finally ready to fly home. I hit pay-dirt today. That old man gave me the information we need. Now, we can go back to Dallas, fully armed.
Fine, Ill be there.
It was conclusive. Harkin was not connected with Melendez.
An hour later, my taxi arrived at the Mexican airport which was no longer paroled by the Federales. I tossed the tickets given us and bought new flight tickets of my own, and waited for Harkin. Within ten minutes he showed up, and we both ended up flying over the Rio Grande, back north to the States. I gave Harkin enough information to satisfy his need to know, then demanded he safely lay low for a couple of days, until I finished debriefing the director. Harkin willingly disappeared, not knowing I would finish an assignment that had been thrust on me by history, all back to the scene of the greatest political crime in American history. There was no court in heaven or hell that could ever convict Dirctor Cruz of treason, because of his handlers. So, there was no other way to drain the poison, except to do it myself.



CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE


I should have been glad to be back in the States, but wasnt. My long career as a Federal agent had ended, and the country I returned to was no longer there. I grabbed a hotel room along with a good meal, and sat in that Dallas restaurant wondering how others would digest the secret when, and if, it was ever revealed. There would be no reason for me to hang around. I wasnt important, and it was no longer my life, not after I finished my last mission.
After a nap, I figured a short walk to the neighboring park would lift my spirits, so I left. Crossing the heavy traffic I found myself entering a large park surrounded by trees, beautiful gardens, and a large pond hosting migrant birds. Sitting there on a bench, watching curious ducks slowly approaching, a small boy ran up to me and asked, Hey, mister, you live here?
It was a simple question, but I was lost for an answer. Well, I use to, a long time ago.
He scraped mud off his sneakers, then looked up at me, Use to? Where do you live now, mister? You live in Dallas?
No, not anymore, son. I offered, as I observed the smiling eyes of innocence.
I know all fifty states. You want to hear me recite them?
Sure, but not right now, I have a job to finish.
What state do you live in? My grandma says she lives in New York City, but says she dont want to live there no more. It aint for no humans, she says. Are you from New York City?
No, but my father was a fireman there, a long, long, time ago.
Well, what country are you from, mister? the five year old persisted with harmless curiosity.
I looked down at the child who innocently leaned upon my knee, eager to make a new friend, and wanting to know everything there was to know about people, and the world.
I tried to answer,I dont really...I dont....
You dont really what, mister?
I dont live anywhere, anymore, I replied. My mind felt dizzy. I wanted to get up and leave.
My grandpa says,I know what I know, you come and you go, thats all that I know. If you dont wash socks, the smells gonna grow.
Well, it makes sense to me, I replied as I rose, unsure as to which way to exit the park. His interruption had made me uneasy. He deserved a better answer. I backed up, and gave him my best smile and waved, as he continued looking at me with curiosity. My mind went blank. I tried to imagine where it would all end. All I felt was a deepening sadness. The hotel seemed a mile back, but my mind suddenly shifted, enveloped by a haze of lifetime memories.
Ominous remnants of history stared back at me, pointing and demanding an answer, a justification for every damn breath I ever took. But I couldnt find any. Then the child shouted from the edge of the park, Hey mister, who exactly are you? Whats your name?
I turned sharply and hollered, My name is Nobody, then resolutely walked away.
As I did, I heard a womans voice come from behind, scolding the boy, Maxwell, just exactly who do you think you are you talking to?
I was talking to Nobody, mom.
Dont you lie to me, young man. Now, get over here this minute! Were going home.
Yes, mom.
When I reached my hotel room, I removed my gym bag from beneath my bed, loaded my revolver, inspected my passport with my new name, then left for my destination. Outside, in the rain, I hailed a cab and gave him the address of the Drug Enforcement Agency. We sped off to my destination.



CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR


At six that evening it had begun to drizzle over the great city of Dallas. Patiently, I stood outside DEA building, occasionally glimpsing up at a very small window on that tenth floor where Director Cruz ran his fiefdom. His office lights were on and he was obviously still working, high atop of that edifice. I remained motionless and sheltered in the darkest corner of an adjoining parking lot, anticipating his light would soon extinguish. It would all end in a few hours, but the final chapter was a gamble. I knew there were many ways Cruz could exit the building, front or back, and a dozen mishaps that could occur, throwing away an encounter. There would be only one opportunity, and only one bullet needed. Otherwise, odds were, he would escape and I would fail, and be arrested then imprisoned for the rest of my life.
Adjoining his main office window was a smaller one still lit, undoubtedly his secretarys. Suddenly, that smaller light went out while the larger remained on. She was leaving, but he wasnt. There was no time to hesitate. Waiting would be risky. I had to get inside that building, and it had to be now. I took the chance. Proceeding to the entry, I entered the lobby, showed my I.D. to the security guard at the desk, then walked to the elevators and waited. My heart soon began pounding. I had no knowledge of what I would encounter. It was blind luck from this point on. I watched the elevator slowly descend and finally land. Out came a lone, middle-aged secretary, ferreting through her pocketbook. When she looked up and saw me, she grew alarmed.
Oh, my! You gave me such a fright!
I smiled, Sorry about that, maam. Nothing to be concerned about. Have a nice evening.
Yes, of course. You too.
I boarded and pressed the elevator button, then watched moment by moment as each number of the elevator shaft flashed on and off, rising higher as it arrived at my destination. When it stopped at the tenth floor both doors slid open into a dark and empty hallway. Apparently, all the other workers had left that evening. There would be no witnesses, no interference, and no turning back. As I walked down the hall, I seem to step into a separate reality, preparing for the worse and adjusting for any contingency. When I spotted light from an office, down the hallway, I knew I had arrived at my destination. It could only be the DEA office. As I approached, I recognized the typical black globes posted along the corners of the ceilings. There was no way I could avoid the concealed cameras, but nothing could stop me before I stopped Cruz.
When I reached his door, I tried the handle but found it secured. Cruz heard and yelled, Dorothy, what did you forget, this time? He pushed the buzzer, releasing the door lock. He didnt find it necessary to check his screen, so I opened the door and slipped in.
Cruz called out again,Come in here, Dorothy. I slowly withdrew my Glock, released the safety and carefully entered, but as I did I heard the doorknob behind me.
It had to be his secretary. I became furious. This was completely unexpected. It would force me to do what I had never dreamt of or would ever have done. I cursed as I realized how stupid I was; how stupid she was. It should never have happened. I pulled myself up behind a blue draping curtain to hide, preparing for the tragedy.
Didnt I just buzz you in, Dorothy? Cruz called out. What are you doing out there? The director buzzed the door one more time, allowing it to open and allowing his secretary to walk in. But the unimaginable occurred. I could see very little in the dark, but what I could see was unbelievable. It was not his secretary or even a woman, but a man. It was him. There he was. I recognized him immediately. Neither time nor chance wouldve predicted Melendez appearing, and standing there at the entry like a zombie. Once more, Cruz hollered, Dorothy, please come here this minute, and stop playing with my door?
Melendez walked through, stone-faced and silent. He no longer looked so young, or anything like the man I once knew. He was emotionally drained, trudging in as if weighted down by a hundred pound chain, driven on by an invisible whip, not by his own power. His disheveled appearance was totally unlike him. He appeared disoriented. In fact, he looked lost. Director Cruz recognized his unexpected partner the second he stepped into the light of his office. But his surprise turned to panic, and panic turned into terror. Cruz knew what it was about. Still sitting behind his desk, and still grinning, he greeted Melendez.
Welcome, Phil! How the hell are you? What a splendid surprise, I thought you were still on assignment in Mexico. What brings you here, tonight? You should have called me.
From my vantage point I could see into the office and spotted Melendez hovering over the desk of Cruz. Immediately, he reached over, picked up the desk phone and ripped it violently off the desk.
Whoa! Cruz yelled out in alarm. He understood fully what Melendez was there to do. He tried to play for time, to distract him, at least long enough until he could find the gun hidden inside his desk drawer. He slowly dropped his hands below the desk to find it.
Keep your hands on the desk, director!
Quickly raising both hands, Cruz forced a laugh,Sure, no problem. You seem a bit distressed, Phil. What can I do to help? Do you need a doctor?
A doctor? No, I dont need a doctor. I think I need a loaded gun.
He threw the phone in the trash can and stood over his boss desk, Come to think of it, I dont need a loaded gun. I have one. Melendez withdrew a revolver from inside his jacket and pointed it pointblank at the head of Cruz, then pulled the chamber back to fire.
See this, director? Im going to use this weapon on you. Im going to blow your brains out! You dont mind, do you?
Cruz once again forced a laugh,Thats very funny, Phil. Lets not get rash. Put that thing down. Youre obviously not well. In fact, Id say youre stressed out. Trust me, Agent Melendez, youre not thinking clearly, youre a bit.
Before he could get the next word out of his mouth, Melendez beat him to it, Disoriented? Confused? Those are labels used whenever a criminal gets caught plotting, scheming, or robbing, and there finally about about to be punished. You may call it psychotic, if you want. Thats a catch-all phrase for scum like you. Director Cruz.... Melendez leaned over the desk within four inches of Cruz, pointing the barrel of his pistol into his eyes, ...you actually had me murder two innocent people, Mexican police officers, who were helping us and our country. You did it to halt the capture of an enemy combatant, that old man we were ordered to eliminate. You did that to halt our mission...why? Perhaps, you wanted to blackmail someone for money. Is that the reason?
From behind the curtain in the secretarys office I could see it was going to end with murder very shortly.
Melendez seemed to rock slowly back and forth, as his head shook in disgust. He hated the viper he had uncovered. You let decent people, police, be murdered for money. Youre the worst kind of human that exists. You realize you have to die, dont you?
Wait a second, Phil, that story is not true, he implored. You really need to sit down. Ill get you some water. Just calm down, before doing something youll regret. We can talk this out. I can call for an ambulance. You can get help from a hospital, right now. Allow me to help you. Youre not well.
Not well? Melendez shouted, as he pounded the desk with his fist. I found our target, Mr. Charles Dandinac!
Did you? Well, thats great.
I got to him after Calvin, who left him alive, then disappeared before I could kill them.
Oh, no! You didnt get Calvin? But thank God, the old man is dead. You did your duty. Ill make sure you receive a citation, a medal...maybe the Congressional Medal of Honor.
For what? I spoke to that old man before he died.
Oh? Thats not good, Phil. You shouldnt have done that. Hes a trickster.
Really? Hes got quite a story. He said youre a traitor and a criminal. You belong in a grave and I finally came to my senses. Ive come here tonight to help you get there.
Melendez started laughing.
Cruz knew Melendez was completely out of his control, but he kept on pleading.
Now, Phil, you dont know what youre saying. Youre ill. Youre sick.
Well, Ive never felt better in my life.
Perspiration broke out in streaks over the forehead of Director Cruz. The blue silk suit, the starched orange shirt, the diamond cuff links, the polished shoes; all of it seemed to lose their glitter, as the abject horror of death became real. He cried out, Please, listen to me, Melendez. I have money. I have lots of money for both of us. I can give you all the money youll ever need for the rest of your life. Look at this.... He opened wide the top draw and removed thousands of dollars and laid it across his desk. He looked up at Melendez, nervously laughing.
Look at all that, Phil...fifty thousand dollars! Fifty thousand in cold cash. Its yours, its all yours. And theres more...much more. Take it! Take it, for Gods sake! I can get you more. Just put that gun away. Dont shoot! For Gods sake, dont shoot! You cant shoot me, I dont want to die....
Melendez shot him.
Those were the last words uttered by the Director of the Drug Enforcement Agency in Dallas, Texas. Three bullets ripped into his chest and one bullet into his eye socket. His body lifted, and swirled around, propelled directly backwards and through the bay window, smashing through the glass, and catapulting his body into the dark of night. His dead body plummeted ten flights down to the hard concrete slab that awaited him. Cruz didnt scream or yell, as he hit the concrete slab of the parking lot. The only sound was a dull thud, as his rotund body was crushed by the gravity.
Melendez stood wearily over the desk, arms draped to his sides as he panted for breath. He had forced himself with the last ounce of his energy to reach his target and eliminate it, succeeding against a whirlwind of ghosts haunting his soul and mind. He wiped his forehead of sweat, took a deep breath, and then lifted his weapon up against his head with his left arm. I lunged out from behind the curtain, hollering, Melendez, stop! Dont do it!
He turned, recognized me, and gave me one long last look. I betrayed my country! He then raised his arm and saluted me, then pulled the trigger, immediately collapsing onto the rug.
It was over.
I felt I had entered a nightmare, but not my own. Visions of skeletons paraded my mind, bending and pointing at me. I could not sense logic, or direction or meaning after it came to an end. Agent Melendez lay dead on a white rug, with his blue suit covered by red blood. The colors reflected the flag he had honored. He was now a fallen marine, a hero. Nothing else could be explained.
I had seen enough, and decided it was time to go away. Director Cruz was dead, and my young partner was killed by his own hand, and with it my loyalty. I walked out of the office and wandered down the long, dark hallway towards a dimly lit elevator shaft; entered it and watched it fall ten stories. Upon exiting, I greeted the elderly security guard playing solitaire at his desk. I halted. He looked up and greeted me, Good evening, sir.
Yes, I guess it is. I looked down at his card game, and pointed at the seven of hearts, That goes below your eight of spades.
Oh, yeah! Thanks.
No problem.
I exited the building and discovered an empty taxi waiting for its next customer. An immigrant driver quickly turned around to face me, Where to, sir?
Would you take me to the airport?
Which one, sir?
Does it matter?
He lowered his glasses and smiled broadly, as if tossed back to his turbulent homeland, where winds of change and unpredictability ruled life.
Yes, I understand, sir.
He flipped up his red meter and sped down the streets onto the highway. It would be twenty minutes before we arrived at Dallas Airport. I gazed at the highway lamps lighting up the night, and watched sixteen wheelers speeding by, leaving nothing behind besides fumes and noise. I listened to the echoes of an ancient voice repeating a famed admonition, Ask not what your country can do for you....
Approaching the winding entrance to my final destination, I saw one of those gigantic machines softly lifting off the ground and into the air. It rose gradually into the silent night with the majestic wings of a bird, defying gravity, as it glittered in the dark to a voyage to a far off city. Soon, I too, would board such a machine and fly to parts unknown by others except myself. No one would ever know who I was, or where I was or came from, or even where I would go. I would fly for days across sea, land, and dusty roads into foreign countries, and carefully chart my course, eternally lost to a world I no longer belonged to, or wanted to. Mark Calvin had died in Dallas, but would rise again as Charles Dandinac, the man who stopped a nuclear war.



EPILOGUE


Dressed drably in blue suits and black ties, posing as Mexican tourists, all four stood before the boarder-crossing guard at the exit from Juarez, ready to pass into El Paso. Not one hint of a smile was on any face. Slowly, they approached the U.S. Border entry, offering their Mexican passports to the young agent, who politely asked how long they would stay, in English. He also asked them what they carried in the large package with them. The somber leader of the group simply replied, Yes. The Boarder Agent then tried Spanish, but found the group leader unable to answer his question. He told them to wait, turned to his superior who shrugged and told him to phone the director. So, the young agent called the emergency line and spoke to the director, Mr. Edgewood Hallway, a ten year veteran of his department.
Mr. Hallway?
Yes, who is this? a gruff voice replied.
This is officer Bergin, Boarder Agent at El Paso, sir. I have a serious concern about four men standing here in front of me, attempting entry. They have Mexican passports, but dont speak a word of Spanish, or even English. It doesnt make sense, sir. I think we should hold them.
Bergin waited a considerable length of time before his superior responded. He assumed his boss was dealing with other business, but in truth, Edgewood Hallway was digesting the long awaited call, and the circumstance he had been warned about, then carefully measured his response.
Bergin, let them enter. We have no need to be worried about people like that.
Sir, if you dont mind me saying, Im very suspicious. These fellows have a large package, which they wish to carry in without formal inspection.
Its probably their clean underwear, Bergin. Now, let them in, but keep me posted.
But Mr. Hallway, I really think we should hold them for questioning? Where the heck could they be from? They cant even be South American. That doesnt make sense, sir!
Dont tell me what make sense, Bergin! That doesnt concern you. That happens to be government business, my business. Just do as I say. Im in charge and Im very busy!
He hung up.
Young Carl Bergin, a native of Topeka, Kansas, was stunned and unable to figure why the administrator was so curt and abusive. The young man decided to swallow his pride. He looked back at the stern, threatening eyes of the foreigner, whose contempt was dripping. He politely returned their passports and allowed all of them to push through. He watched with curiosity as they marched over the small bridge that covered the train tracks below, which led into the bustling city of El Paso, Texas. Bergin shook his head a bit bewildered and a bit disappointed, but a bit wiser. He realized he was over-reacting, and probably taking his new job too seriously. He would make sure he never made that mistake with his superior, again.


THE END
