Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2014 T. Rudacille
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this ebook. This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy from their favorite authorized retailer. Thank you for your support.
Cover image courtesy of Evgeni Dinev/FreeDigitalPhotos.net
Cover Design by Alex Piluk.

The Bargaining Path
Eternity Series: Book Two

In the middle of the journey of our life, I came to
myself within a dark wood where the straight way was lost.
~Dante Alighieri

BEGIN: YEAR 2

Part I: Where the Straight Way was Lost

Brynna

Adam's sweat-drenched, heavily breathing body was pressed hard against mine. I grimaced only slightly when the pain of his full weight began to register in my mind. 
Did I hurt you? He asked me softly, gently, as though he actually cared.
I knew that it was not exactly the time to snip at him, as we were engaged with one another in a completely symbiotic way, though my reasoning for that arrangement with him did not have anything to do with prolonging my life, as was the case for him. No, my reasons for that close physical proximity to him and that pseudo-intimacy were part of a masterful plan that was slowly beginning to gain the power of persuasion in my mind; slowly, I was becoming convinced that our bodies pressed together, and his life resting squarely in my open hands were the powerful tools I had so longed to have at my disposal. They would aid me in my quest to rid myself of the debts I owed him.
Only a little. I responded to his question.
If you want to say something snide, by all means, go ahead. You know how that tendency of yours amuses me.
Stop talking, Adam. Just walk.
I adjusted his arm that was around my shoulder and tightened my grip around his middle. We both moaned softly as the sharp, abrupt movement sent shock-waves of pain radiating throughout both of our bodies. I wanted so desperately to stop and rest, but I knew two things for sure in regards to that scenario: One, if I put him down, my body that was so weakened by the strain of carrying him would never be able to get him back onto his feet, and two, if I allowed him to close his eyes for even a moment, his spirit would leave him, and we, those who had aligned with him, would be left to fight our war blindly.
He was the most invaluable resource we needed if we wished to defeat the Bachums, if I am to remain honest. They had destroyed Adam's beloved city and were now celebrating as wildly as God's vast restrictions would allow. I pictured them all sitting around their church, their knees pressed hard into the old wooden floor, their voices producing monotonous, unanimous hums, their arms raised high to the sky; they believed that those sounds and gestures appeased their violent God and showed their thanks for the victory they had won. In regards to the sounds, they believed that they were speaking in tongues. I suppressed a chuckle, and Adam looked down at me quizzically.
Please share with me whatever is entertaining you. I could use a laugh.
If you laugh, you will surely collapse to the ground, never to be brought to your feet again. So, no, I will not share this with you.
If it could provoke a smile from you, it must be very humorous.
That is vaguely insulting, Adam.
Is it? I am very sorry to have offended you.
Because I cannot recognize your sarcasm at all
Could you recognize it? You know me so well already.
It is not a matter of knowing you well. It is a matter of simple recognition of changes in voice inflection. Do not flatter yourself and assume that I have taken time to get to know your ways. I have studied the patterns of your behavior in order to better understand you, certainly. But that was not done on behalf of interest... I adjusted his weight roughly again, and his knees buckled slightly. It was done on behalf of my survival instinct. You are very dangerous, as I am sure you know very well and take pride in always.
We passed a large mango tree, and in a blink, I found that my back was lightly pressed against its trunk and its long branches that carried its full, thick leaves were behind Adam, who was standing in front of me. The injury he had sustained had weakened his body so substantially that he was unable to stand on his own. As a result, his entire body was now leaned against mine, keeping me pressed hard to the tree.
What are you doing? I barked at him furiously, and when I went to push him away, he grasped my hands in one of his.
I would never hurt you, Brynna. You have just said that you know I am dangerous, but I am most certainly not a danger to you. I could never do anything that would cause you the slightest bit of pain, physical or otherwise. It brings me no joy to hear you say discreetly that you fear me. It saddens me, actually, and I would appreciate it if you would allow me to prove to you that I mean you and those for whom you care so deeply absolutely no harm.
The exhaustion was taking its toll on me, and a retort to his request that would sting him could not be summoned easily within my mind. Instead, I looked up into his intense, unbelievably colored eyes and nodded.
After that, we spent far too much time awkwardly trying to maneuver ourselves back into the positions we had been in while we were walking before. Every time I turned him so he was beside me once again, his legs bowed before I could get his arm around my neck. When he tried to turn himself, he collapsed into me and nearly knocked us both to the ground. If I had not been able to grab onto one of the hanging branches from the mango tree, we both would have fallen.
Can you feel any of them around? I asked him, as my fingers stayed tightly locked around the branch. His arms were locked around my middle, and his legs were shaking in a desire to fall out from beneath him.
No. Can you?
If you cannot, then I most certainly cannot. I gasped out irritably. Alright, you are halfway there, but you have to straighten your legs so you are standing up straight, Adam. Pull yourself up.
How do you recommend I do that?
I frowned down at him, fully aware that he knew (and delighted in) the answer to that question. When a tiny shadow of his usual smirk formed on his face, I contemplated shaking my body rapidly back and forth so his arms would release and he would crumple to the ground quite pathetically. Instead, I raised my eyebrows and exclaimed, Are you waiting for an open invitation? I have given you a closed one!
A surprisingly strong laugh took hold of him.
If you insist, my dear.
You are so annoying.
His arms still possessed most of their usual strength, and after he ran his hands up my back to grasp a hold of my shoulders, he pulled upwards so his face finally had to rest exactly where he wanted it: right on my chest, to put it lightly. To put it heavily, his nose was smack between my breasts.
Let's go, you despicable scoundrel. I know that it is a thrilling spot for men, but I can smell your skin and blood rotting with infection, and we need to go find one of our doctors.
As you wish, though I doubt that you sincerely wish it...
God or Gods, you are infuriating! I sighed as he pulled himself back up onto his feet. After a few unsure seconds, he wrapped his arm around my neck, and I released the branch that I was holding with one hand. Surprisingly, I was still able to support him, so I let go with the other hand.
And that was all it took for both of us to collapse onto the ground.
Please tell me you and Don had an emergency plan that involved sending out some semblance of search-and-rescue for those who were missing.
Adam, now lying on his back with both hands grasping the wound in his stomach, shook his head grimly.
Oh, quite the contrary, my dear. He said, We decided it would be in the group's best interest to just assume that whomever did not appear by sundown was dead and therefore should be left behind. I did not assume that you would be in that category. I assumed that your mate... His tone soured just upon his indirect mention of James, would have seen to your escape. Apparently, I was wrong.
You knew he would not come after me. We are not together anymore, which you also know quite well. If he had been willing to... I stopped, and heaved my body upwards so I was sitting. I will not discuss this with you. If you want me to save your life, Adam, then I will not discuss this now.
He opened his mouth to retort, to tell me, no doubt, his reasoning behind why he had purposely led James to betray me so terribly, but instead, after viewing my face, he just nodded. During that moment of heavy silence between us, I allowed myself just one glimpse into his mind.
There was such terrible sadness. It was not provoked by the physical pain he was experiencing but by the emotional pain he had caused in me. Our present conversation and the whole debacle with James had saddened me, and he regretted both instances now. He wanted to apologize, but I had asked to end the conversation. In fact, he knew that I would not accept his apology, and in regards to that, I wondered if he was right. If he were to sincerely apologize right in that moment, would I forgive him wholeheartedly?
Maura's face appeared in my mind in black and white, like a Missing poster stuck right at my eye-level. My throat clenched, and I jumped onto my feet, feeling the need to pace back and forth suddenly. My blood was suddenly red-hot and coursing through me far more quickly than normal; my head was spinning as the blood pumped there left it overdosing on oxygen. I felt faint, like at any moment, I would collapse, if I did not break something, or hit him, or scream out, or break down into tears... Something was terribly wrong; my heart was pounding outwards forcefully and the bones in my chest were bursting apart in a display of splinters and sawdust...
Only when his arms locked around my middle and pulled me down to him did I finally calm. Only when I had closed my eyes and burrowed against his chest did she disappear from my mind. Only when he began to whisper that he was sorry and that everything was going to be alright did I stop hearing her whimpers, moans, cries, and screams of pain. I was sitting in his lap, being cradled in his trembling arms. His rough, blood-covered hand was stroking the soft skin of my face, leaving pale red lines on my cheek. Once or twice, I whimpered, which disgusted me. Because I did not want Adam to look into my face while it was contorted in a cry of emotional strife, I flung myself up and buried it in his neck.
His shirt was saturated with sweat, and through the thin fabric, I could feel that his skin was even warmer than it had been while I was carrying him. His blood had long since stopped running from the wound because together, we had stopped the bleeding by applying pressure as we walked. Still, I knew that his condition had taken a dire turn, and that soon, he would be completely immobile. For a reason I could not pin down in certainty, my soft moans of upset intensified at the thought of leaving him behind. I certainly did not care substantially for Adam; how could I want to help him at the risk of compromising my own safety? Yet I was helping him while also silently dreading what I felt was the inevitable arrival of the moment when I would have no choice but to abandon him.
Your heart is racing. He whispered to me, I can feel it beating against my own.
I shook my head slightly, not knowing what else to do and completely unable to summon any words, sarcastic or otherwise, to say. My mind was clouded over with the strangest, most contentiously resilient grief I had ever experienced. It was so strong, and it was directed towards so many different people and events, and yet I could not cry. After sobbing throughout Maura's last moments, my tear ducts had resealed themselves, and my earlier hardness was setting back in. I said that Maura took my resentment and fear with her, and she had. I forgave her for what she had done. Mostly. I did not fear Michael's face seizing authoritative control over my mind anymore, mostly, because she had taken it away, mostly; I scarcely remembered what he looked like anymore. In saying all of that, I must also confess that I stretched the truth just a tad, though I feel that in the sentences above I have already admitted that to you, however vaguely. The truth of the matter is that I mostly let go of my ill feelings towards Maura and my fear of Michael. I could not outwardly admit that I was fearing anything in particular, but I could certainly confess my lingering rage towards my mother, father, Adam, and James.
And yet there I was, cuddled up in Adam's arms as he struggled not only for his life, but to calm my internal fray. I wanted so badly to hate him for what he had asked James to do, but in that moment, there in the forest, while I was so safely nestled against him and being calmed by his softly spoken reassurances, I could not.
As much as said reassurances soothed me, I did not need him. If I were in that situation alone, I would have survived.
When my belief that emotional weight must be carried alone snidely reminded me of its presence, I pulled away from him, jumped onto my feet, and paced back and forth. I had needed another man, one whose name had not crossed our lips that night, but who had been alluded to once already out loud, and thought about by both of us multiple times. That man had lied to me, and offered me up as payment for a service rendered by Adam. I was simply a thing, a means of trade, a commodity, in a business transaction that had been upheld on only one end. I was meant to rectify the other end. From there, another transaction would transpose: that man who was going to trade me would be able to keep his life in exchange for mine.
Let's go. I snapped at Adam, I am going to help you stand up, and then we need to go.
When he did not respond immediately, I looked at him, scowling in impatience. My eyes jerked away when they saw a desire in his to question me on my sudden change of mood. It was almost a guarantee that Adam was fully aware of why I had pulled away so abruptly, so why he wanted to hear that reasoning in my own words, I did not know. Instead of asking him, I merely grasped his arms and helped him onto his feet. When he stumbled into me, and we almost went to the ground again, I grunted in somewhat obnoxious frustration and dug my heels into the earth; after sliding backwards for just a moment, I found my balance and was able to hold us both up. Once my strength had registered in my chest and arms again, I walked my feet forward so I was standing upright, and he was leaned against me.
Perhaps it was the allure of his beautiful eyes that made me look up into his face again. Perhaps it was a need to see if that silent question had dissipated from his consciousness. But when my eyes rose to meet his, I gave him a chance to initiate yet another heavy emotional moment between us.
I am very sorry. He whispered to me, and my heart gave a great lurch forward as I recognized that genuine remorse in his voice. I am so very sorry, Brynna.
As there were so many things for which I deserved an apology from him, I did not know how to respond. If he was making amends for the fact that I was being forced to carry him along or for sweating on me as I did so, then he was most certainly forgiven; I might not have been the kindest person, but I am most certainly not monstrous. As such, I would not leave a man with whom I had exchanged words or even a glance behind to die. If his genuine sorrow was for what he had asked James to do, then he most certainly did not, and would not, have my forgiveness. It was all too emotionally straining to contemplate in that moment, when I was tasked by God or the Gods with saving his life, so I simply nodded once again and started us on our walk towards whatever safe haven had been arranged for us.
Are you sure that you know where we are going, Adam? I asked him, just to eradicate that tense, emotionally-laden silence between us.
I have scoured every inch of these woods since I was a boy. As you know, that was many, many years ago. Centuries, actually.
Can I ask you something somewhat unimportant?
You are carrying me despite what has occurred between us. You may have anything you want from me.
Was that a double-entendre?
I could hear a smile in his voice when he answered me, but I refused to look up and validate its presence; to validate its presence would acknowledge his snide, inappropriate amusement.
No But I find it most interesting that you thought it was.
You are despicable.
Despite the fact that he was not looking at me, I still suppressed a small smile with all of the willpower I possessed.
I am, if you say I am. Now, what were you going to ask me?
If you were a boy thousands of years ago, then that would make you several-thousand years old, correct?
Yes, ma'am.
So why do you look like you are only in your fifties? Why did your aging stop there?
What you are asking has a humorous undertone. Essentially, you are asking me why I am not hunched over with my skin shriveled up so severely that I am barely distinguishable as a human-like creature.
Why is that humorous? I asked him.
Because I would never allow myself to appear so terribly unattractive to anyone, but especially to you.
I am going to ignore the latter half of that, and chide you on your arrogance. Not only is your ego overinflated in regards to your power, but also in regards to your appearance. That is very unbecoming.
Says the woman who spent a year dating a man who prances around like a prized show-horse to display his good looks. Also, says the woman who wears not only arrogance but disdainful arrogance on her sleeve at all times.
Excuse you, but I have gotten that tendency under control quite remarkably here of late. Secondly, arrogance is generally always disdainful, and third, that gentlemen did not prance. He just...
Are you defending him now?
No!
After that, I shut up.
Your voice is distracting me from the pain I am experiencing. He said, Please keep talking. You are entertaining me, as always.
You keep talking. Why don't you answer the question that I posed to you earlier?
About why I appear so young when I am so very old? Don told you; not only are we immortal but we are also ageless. You will never look a day older than how you look now. Though many men would find your beauty astounding at any age, we all know that we will never tire of looking at your youthful face.
I sighed heavily as I attempted to suppress a laugh. I was not flattered by all he had said; his compliments did not affect me that way at all. I was chuckling at how very full of himself he was, and how he wielded his charisma and silver-tongue to manipulate people, but mostly women, to his will. I wondered briefly how many women had fallen under his spell over his many years of existence. I was sure that he had women not only for every day of the week, but for every hour in the day. I thought briefly of Don, who certainly was no pretty thing, as Maura would say. His power was all he needed to make women bend to his will. Adam had both good looks and power; in fact, his power far exceeded Don's.
I thought about myself, and how I was certainly attractive, however unconventionally. James informed me often that the men on security detail with whom he palled around found me to be aesthetically pleasing. In high school, I had had many suitors. But I never pictured myself as being beautiful, as both James and Adam purported. I believed that James was just trying to keep my affections, and Adam was trying to gain them. In regards to the latter and myself, the term notch in the belt came to my mind. Obviously, I am not referring to a belt worn by myself.
You do not think that you want me to hear those things, but you do.
Adam! I exclaimed, and I almost pulled away from him, only to remember just in time that without me, he would fall.
You believe that I am just saying these things to lead you to my bed... He stopped, To a bed, I should say. My bed is gone.
I found that to be far more humorous than it actually was, given the fact that the destruction of his city was no laughing matter. Still, I did not even smile, as I did not want him to think that his charms were having any effect on me, but inside, I was chuckling, despite how untimely and untoward his joke was. 
To throw out another pronoun, I will say this: I will not be falling into any bed if you, James, or any other man is in it.
I could make a very obvious assumption about what you mean right now that would be all in jest, of course. But I will not, as I can sense that my callous humor, which has only been brought about by my desire to lighten the mood between us, is beginning to wear thin on you.
That is the most astute observation you have made all night. Perhaps we should play the Quiet Game.
What is that?
It is where we measure the amount of time that we can spend in silence. Whoever is quietest the longest, wins. Go.
In that silence, I was going to stare straight ahead until my eyes began to burn with the effort it took to hold so steadfastly in one direction without blinking. As the pain seared from my eyes throughout my face, I would not be focusing on my inability to breathe or the pain in my shoulders that had reached an excruciating new level. I would focus on the painful images in my headimages of Maura's body, James beseeching me to understand the blatant lies with which he wished to fill my ears, and my mother standing all alone, listening as the rushing roar of the wave of flames came rushing towards her relentlessly, with the same lack of forgiveness that I felt in my heart towards her. Was it all just a metaphor? Was the whole thing in my head? Was this man's heavy weight really draped over my shoulders like a coat of agonizingly heavy metal? I would surely be crushed by him; I would lie on the ground, sweat and tears pouring from me as I waited to freeze or starve to death. He would die before me, and I would be alone, succumbing to the gnawing pains of hunger, the pinpoint stinging of slowly becoming just a rigid block of ice, and then, the gradual numbness of heavy, unmoving limbs. My head would somehow turn sideways in the last moments of my life so I could see him, and by then, his beautifully masculine features that I hated so much would be beginning to rot away, leaving nothing but the disgusting resemblance to a monster, a Shadow lying dead in the woods beside me...
The forgiveness I thought could not be given to my mother was not an aspect of this mental tirade about which I was absolutely certain. Everything else could not be anything but inevitable. The fire that I sensed growing closer to her had long since passed; she was looking down on me from above or looking up at me from below, I could not decide. I prayed that the fire that had claimed her had not blasted her into the fire below. Giving her the benefit of the doubt was difficult, but I had to try, for she was my mother who I had so cruelly left behind. Hindsight is twenty-twenty, as the old expression goes. After what had occurred between my father and me, after seeing the effects of his cruelty in every bruise and cut on Maura's swollen face, I knew that I had made a mistake in not saving my mother. But then, I had thought that I was leaving them both, but then, I had known that that was not right... I should have tried to convince James to allow them to come, but then, I would have more than likely been left behind by him. If I had showed devotion to them that ran too deeply for his liking, I would be as dead as my mother, but then, shouldn't I have been with her, despite what had happened between us? Violet had been spot-on when she had said that I had left her just to please James. But then, she was not right...
Brynna... Adam's voice was so soft, and lacking all of his general arrogance. Brynna, wake up.
The seam between consciousness and unconsciousness had never been traversed so effortlessly. The silence that had transpired between Adam and me had only existed in my head. When I opened my eyes, he was lying beside me, and I was very cold, but death had not marred his ruggedly handsome features. We were both still alive, but whether we would be for much longer, I did not know. Our futures were very vague in my mind because I was just too exhausted to see clearly.
There you are. He whispered softly as he placed his hand on my face again. You gave me a fright. Are you alright, my darling?
I was nodding, struggling to keep my eyes open as the ground beneath my body gyrated in dangerous locomotion. The movement ceased after a few unsure moments, and I was suddenly very grateful for the amplified stillness of the forest. Then, I remembered. Then, I realized.
Stillness meant that there was a presence amongst us. If they had not immediately run out to meet us, then they were not ours. If the feeling of dread in my chest was any indication, then the people lurking close by (and I could hear their heavy footsteps snapping branches now) were our enemies.
The Bachums had finally conquered their fears of us, and of the forest. They were coming our way quickly.
Do you feel them? I whispered, and those were the last words that I spoke to him. The adrenaline seized me, and I gasped out loud as the urge to pull him up and run became too great. His feet stumbled every once in a while, but I held him up, whispering to him quietly and desperately to keep up the pace, to stay on his feet, to just hold on to his consciousness for a little bit longer... He obliged all of my requests. Behind me, I could hear them jeering loudly at us, saying they were getting closer, we could run, but we would not escape. It was all useless intimidation, but it was not entirely unsuccessful.
Is that Brynna Olivier, Adam?! One of them yelled, and I was interested to see what would follow that question, what statements regarding me they would spout off next, all of which would certainly detail the exact nature of what they knew about me. A gunshot rang out and drowned out whatever the man firing the gun had said. Adam forced me down and yet our legs kept moving; when my head jerked up, I saw the bullet had sent sprays of bark flying from the trunk of a tree just in front of us.
How many guns?! I shouted at him, though I already knew the answer. Just one of them had been able to retain his gun. The others had lost theirs or never had them to begin with.
One! He said back to me as another bullet whizzed right beside us. The next was closest to me, and if Adam had not pulled us both sideways abruptly, the back of my head would have been the unlucky recipient of the bullet; instead, only my left ear was grazed. The amount of blood that ran was minimal, but still enough to encourage me to abandon the defensive and opt for some offensive, to use a sports metaphor that I understand only by the definition of the two words being used, not by the connotations of them.
In one swift, clean movement, I grabbed the knife from the holster in Adam's belt, moved my other arm down to grasp his hand, and then threw him down onto the ground. If I had not been holding onto his hand, he would have hit the ground hard; instead, I laid him down gently by outstretching my arm until he was lying on his side. At the same time I was placing him delicately on the ground, I was throwing the knife forward with all of the force my new adrenaline rush could bring forth. The sight of the blade plunging into the neck of the man firing the gun was gratifying. Rushing forward in a blur that sent his six comrades stumbling backwards over themselves in an attempt to get away from me was downright riotous.
Now, I could have easily killed every last one of them. In the last moments of their lives, I could have allowed them to believe that I was everything they had been told; I was a monster, a cannibal, an evil, lecherous shrew who loved all sinful indulgences, including the euphoric intoxication that followed what I believed was the rightful taking of another being's life. Instead, I watched some crawl on the ground away from me, and some walk backwards slowly, holding their hands out in surrender. As my eyes stayed fixed on them as they retreated, my legs bent down, and my hand scooped up the gun without my mind being fully aware of the action. Feeling the weight of the pistol in my hand encouraged me to raise it up, to scare them further. Instead, I kept my slightly twitching hand by my side, and just smirked at them as they tried to convince me, quietly yet desperately, not to shoot them.
I'm sorry for what he said, ma'am. You're not that. We all know you're not that, okay? Just don't do anything crazy.
We're just going to go. We won't tell anyone that we saw you. We won't hurt him. We won't hurt you.
I turned my head on the side, furrowed my brows, and studied them closely. I did not appreciate their attempts at pacifying me; I felt like a teeth-barring, ominously-growling dog that was being coaxed to lie down and relax. The irritation welled into anger, and anger welled into rage. I raised the gun, held it with one hand, and turned my head on the side so I was looking at them from a strange, almost unnatural angle. Picturing the moment that I pulled the trigger was enough to provoke a shadow of that drunkenness I expected would follow killing them, but the image of my fangs sinking down into the pulsing veins of their necks, wrists, and thighs and watching their blood stream out to feed the Pangaean soil was enough to make me salivate. I tucked the gun into the back of my jeans (only after turning on the safety, of course), and smiled.
I suggest you all run.
I suggest you all don't.
The voice came from behind me, and I sensed three men standing there. The gun was taken immediately from the back of my pants, and both Adam and I looked simultaneously. One I recognized from the descriptions given by three of our people who had originally been in the Bachum camp. His name was Paul, and he was Tyre's true right-hand man; Rich only believed that he held that title. The second man was my father, and the third was Rich Bachum.
Rich... I said, I only just saw you. You hate me so profoundly, and yet here we are again, face-to-face.
I have had enough of you. He hissed at me, and he raised his rifle so I was staring down the business-end, as many call it.
Adam hoisted himself up without my help because I did not offer it. I knew him well enough to know that if ever there were a time to hide the true state of his condition, it was then; he could not show weakness, not to them. He also could not make known more than he already had his slight attachment to me. When he had bellowed his threat at Tyre in the city, he had informed his enemy and his enemy's allies that I was of importance to him. If he shielded me with his body, he would demonstrate the strength of that importance; he would show that he was willing to sacrifice his life for mine, and that would put me in more danger than it would dispel.
 Adam. This has to be Adam. My father said.
Come now, Daniel, surely you know that. I said with a roll of my eyes.
You shut your mouth. He snapped, and I watched the fingers on his right hand twitch for several seconds. I knew that was a sign of his struggle not to raise his hand. I had come a long way since he had begun his physical abuse of me; I did not even flinch when I saw that he was once again slowly building up to the level of fury needed to behave violently towards me.
The men are talking now, my dear. So you are not. Paul told me in a voice that almost sounded like a gentle chide, as though he was already exasperated, but in a way that was not altogether frustrating; he sounded almost as though he found my disobedience of their social rules to be adorably precocious.
Is that how things are run in your camp? Luckily, we are not there. I continued, quite foolishly, simply because my pride was far stronger than my fear of pain or punishment, though those two things are quite often the same. We are in the forest, which is unaffiliated domain, as I have been told, which means that neither your laws nor his...
Gentlemen... Paul said, and one of the men on whom I had held the gun wrapped his meaty arms around me from behind and squeezed.
Ah, the party starts... I said sarcastically, but a tremble rattled through me when my father stepped forward. I prayed the lumbering oaf holding me did not feel that tremor, as he would feel great pleasure knowing my fear.
My father brought his hand back, and it was only after the slap across my face buckled my knees and left me hanging limply and pathetically in the man's arms did I acknowledge how viciously I loathed the fact that after swearing to myself that I would never be victimized by that disgusting, petty, little man again, there I was being victimized.
Victimized. As we are on the subject of things I loathe, I will say that I loathe that word. It does nothing to remedy the feelings of helplessness that one who has suffered great trauma experiences during and after said traumatic event.
What was that you were saying? Paul asked as he paced slowly in front of me. He actually cupped his hand behind his ear when he asked.
I suppose that Tyre has sent you all out here to search for those who survived the blasts. I am sure that he believed me to be dead, but he wanted to make absolutely sure. It has been many long years since he has been gifted with a peaceful night by the one God, one where he can confidently assume that both of his eyes may be shut tightly, and I will not strike like a cowardly throat-slitting gypsy in the night. Or so I have heard, anyway. Adam shrugged lightly and looked up to observe the darkened sky, just to show how very unworried he was by the situation. Surely, he was looking forward to hearing I had perished so that he might finally be able to achieve a state of inner calm that would guarantee peaceful rest.
You give yourself too much credit. I don't know where you're getting your information from, but he isn't afraid of you. Rich snarled, In fact, I think you're afraid of him. After what we just did to your city, how could you not be afraid of the man who made it possible? Tyre is touched by God; God told him how to get the sun harness. God told him who to trust, and now, we've destroyed your city. You thought we were nothing. You thought we were just a bunch of ignorant morons
Redundant I murmured, but no one heard me except Paul, who smiled ever so slightly at the joke. I scowled at him.
You think all we do is bury our noses in our Bibles and pray when we should be doing whatever it is that you freaks do! We have heard what you said about us! Word gets out fast when you tell the wrong people, Adam.
Richard. Paul said calmly, That is enough.
My body was still reeling from the slap, but I had heard what Rich had said. My mind could not wrap around it as swiftly as it wrapped around most other things, but soon I gathered that the Old Spirits had people burrowed within our camp, and I could not think of a way that would quickly and accurately detect themthe guilty ones, the traitors. My stomach dropped, and my head raised to look at Adam, but immediately, my neck released, and my head crumpled back down so my chin was rested against my chest again. My father's strength had quadrupled since those nights he had interrogated me in the ship. My legs were rigidly straight because I was forcing myself to remain upright, and despite their desperate willingness to slump closed, I forced my eyes to remain open casually, as though I were merely observing the situation from afar with keen interest, not slowly beginning to worry that Adam did not have control over it all.
Is that what he says? How very humorous. And how very interesting, that you have placed proverbial foxes within our proverbial hen-house.
You are injured. Paul said, and his face contorted into an overly expressive look of sympathy and regret for Adam's plight. There was no mistaking that the look was meant only in absolute, undeniable sarcasm.
Gentlemen... He said in that lightly bouncing voice that conveyed his lighthearted amusement.
Another man punched Adam in the stomach, right where the blood on his shirt was darkest. He grunted, but did not cry out, even when that man hit him again in the same spot.
Stop it. I ordered firmly but not loudly. Even if Adam would not show his concern for me (and already, I was beginning to doubt that he truly felt any), I would not apathetically turn my gaze away when I knew that they were hurting him terribly.
If Tyre wants you to kill him, then you are well on your way to accomplishing the task for which you set out, but if not, then...
See, that! My father pointed at me. That is why I can justify completely doing the things I have done to you, Brynna.
Why? Because I tell you forcefully not to beat up on a man who is injured?
No, because you do these things that are just... He stopped, and shook his head in disgust at me. My brows furrowed in utter confusion. Literally, I had no idea to what he could be referring.
First it was the journalist, then it was that prick engineer, and now you're with him?!
Do not suggest that I am incapable of defending myself. Adam hissed at me through clenched teeth. How dare you say such a thing, when you are merely human? On my deathbed, I am still stronger than you!
If he were merely putting on a show to continue his charade of apathy towards me, he was doing so quite convincingly. For a moment, I gaped at him, stunned by the harshness of his words and the sting they inflicted on my heart. Then, I forced myself to believe that he was merely acting, and that this act would save my life and his. Even if that were untrue, I believed in it, and joined in the great play.
Does that sound like a man whom I am with, as you say? I asked my father.
You can defend yourself still? Paul asked Adam, and still, his tone conveyed nothing but delight at the situation.
My hands were being tied behind me with what felt like a piece of vine, and Adam's were, as well.
By all means, try, Adam. Paul continued. Tyre has asked me to ensure that you are brought in alive. Though, please, I do not want you to get your hopes up. Let me specify that while you will be brought in alive, you will not live for long after crossing through our gates. Our people are positively itching to watch you die, and that's why Tyre wants you brought in alive, of course; your death must be public. Your body must hang in the streets as a warning to your kind. It must be hung high like a trophy that reminds us of our greatest victory. And your death will be our greatest victory. You are pulling Don Abba's strings, correct? He is your little puppet?
There was a strange undertone to his words that I believed bordered on being vaguely sexual. Was he suggesting truly that Adam harbored feelings of affection and/or lust for Don? He was suggesting it, I decided immediately, but not because he truly believed in it; this was the Old Spirits juvenile way of belittling their enemies, by suggesting that they harbored feelings of desire for members of the same sex. Where I was from, such things were unheard of, and when they were heard very rarely, the people speaking with such prejudice were promptly put in their places. In the Old Spirit camp, apparently, that was not the case, and I do not know why I was surprised.
Funny of you to call him little when you yourself are quite... I turned my head on the side so I could, pardon my pun, size him up, petite. I do believe that even Don is taller than you, and that is saying something. Oh, goodness, look at you; aren't you precious?
Yes, it was as juvenile as his means of insulting Adam. But still, I could not believe that a man that stood merely half an inch taller than me was calling Don little. It just seemed so very silly, and I could not help but criticize such blatant silliness, as you very well know.
Daniel...
Though I tried not to, I tensed, which made the pain of him hitting me even more intensely felt.
Your death is absolute, Adam. Paul knelt down slightly so that his face was level with Adam's. He spoke to him in a tone that was almost on the verge of soothing. Adam merely grinned a violent grin, baring his fangs not threateningly just yet. It is inevitable. There is no escaping it. Your death is absolute. Hers, on the other hand... Paul pulled the gun he had taken from me from a holster on his hip, reached out his arm, and held the barrel under my jaw without looking away from Adam, is conditional. Would you like to know those conditions?
His words drowned out. A different kind of speed, not the typical adrenaline that enabled me to fight so efficiently, pumped through me. This new high was deleterious, completely; in feeling its effects, I was rendered completely useless in any fight that could have broken out. My head was spinning. My vision was blurred. My breathing stopped quietly. The second the cold metal of that gun pressed against my skin, I could not fathom moving, let alone fighting. It was fear that held me still; it was fear that I had never experienced, the oldest fear of them all: it was the classic fear of death. Born from that, there was the morbid, frightening thought that with just one slight move of his finger, my life would be ended; there would be no time to dodge, no time to scream, no time for any last words. There would simply be a snapshot of the beautiful Pangaean forest at twilight frozen before my eyes and then, a sudden nothingness. I would simply cease to be.
She is unimportant. Adam was saying, She is nothing. Have you not heard what I have said? Have you not heard that she is merely human, and I do not waste my breath on speaking of a human?! My heart does not waste a beat on feeling sympathy for your abhorrent kind!
Out of all the words I could have heard when my mind catapulted itself back into my skull, I heard those. Ridiculously, I felt that pain in my heart again when I heard him. But why should I have meant a thing to him? Why should I have felt pain at those words? Even if the reasons were unclear to me, that feeling of despair was not. Through my fear, I recognized that what he had said had hurt me. Disgust; I recognized disgust at that hurting. Recognition of recognition; my senses were returning.
The gun had been moved. My feet were moving one in front of the other. Walking. I was walking, so I was still alive.
I told you that! I heard my father hissing at Paul, despite the fact that they were walking several feet ahead of us. Adam was beside me, casually observing the darkened sky above our heads again. I stared straight ahead, acknowledging that it was becoming too dark to see. 
I just... You don't know how I... My father was whispering still, and struggling to find the right words, which certainly did not surprise me. You don't know how I hate her. I do hate her. For what she did, I hate her. But I can't be there when you do it. Even knowing that it's right, because she took my son from me, and this is just making it even, and everything you just said, she's still my child. I can't see you do it.
Don't you worry, Daniel. I am not going to kill her. I am going to take her to Tyre. You know how he loves pretty things. But then, she's his pretty thing, isn't she? Adam's, I mean. So, Tyre might not want what has been touched by his greatest enemy. Do you think that he will?
I don't want to think about that. I hate her; Ive said that a million times. Mary doesnt want me to say it, but I do. I hate her. Still, I can't think about that, and I can't be there if he decides to kill her, alright? I just can't.
Duly noted. May I ask you something?
I guess.
You say that she fell into some sort of stupor, and that your son drowned as a result?
Yes.
And you loved your son?
My father did not respond for a few seconds, but with my enhanced hearing, I heard him swallow hard.
This is old news, Paul. You know that I loved my son more than anything else in the world. I said it a million times at the Confessionals. Nothing was ever the same for me after I lost him. What difference does that make now?
Well, you have now lost all your children. First, you lose one to death, then you lose one to loathing, and then you lose three to the one you loathed.
Yes. So what?
Well, the way I see it, she took all of your children away. And yet you do not want her dead?
Another long moment of silence. I was straining my eardrums to the point that I could feel and hear a heavy pulse echoing through my ear canal that almost drowned out my fathers words.
No. He said, I thought I did, but I just... I just want her to go away. When that answer did not seem to satisfy Paul, he added quickly, But I have always thought that if it would bring my Luc back... He looked back at me, and I took a page from Adam's book, as they say, and observed the sky so as to make it appear that I was not listening to every word they were saying with the disembodied interest I truly was listening in. If it would bring Luc back, I would kill her myself.
Do not ask me where they came from, but tears emerged into my eyes from the corners like a tidal wave released and controlled by Poseidon's trident. I fought back, though, against the mighty sea-God; I erected levees strong enough to hold back the sea right on my eyelids. There is no way that my father would see that his words had affected me. No way on Earth, on Pangaea, in hell, or in heaven.
But why had they affected me? I knew that he hated me; I had known that for well over thirteen years. Why did knowing that he would kill me tear into me so violently?
Because he said that he would only do it if your death would bring Lucien back, and you know that that's the way it should have been; you should have died, and Lucien should have lived. The family would not have dissolved if you had been the one who had died. They would have grieved and moved on. Elijah, Violet, and Lucien would have been raised by parents who loved them and who loved each other. They would have all been so happy, and you know it. Everything would have been different. It would have been better.
My father was not transferring his thoughts to me, but the voice that spoke those words to me was his. My mind was right to churn up such thoughts as explanation for my sudden bout of sorrow.
Ice, Brynna. Build it back up. He is nothing. He is nothing but petty, violent, and weak, and you are strong.
Maura's voice, though I knew she would never have said such a thing about my father were she still alive. I heeded her words, thanking God or the Gods that she had taught me such defensive methods. For once, I was not bemoaning how cold they made me. The moment that icy resolve to feel nothing was built and fortified, I would not remember that random yet very potent sadness. That sadness that made no sense. That sadness that had injured gravely my strength that kept me protected from the pain he inflicted mercilessly, pain both physical and emotional.
Just before that wall rebuilt, I heard my mother. Her voice was far-off, but when it echoed around inside some distant chamber of my mind, I acknowledged how it sounded as though she were entering my mind and filling it with her thoughts, not whispering to me from beyond the grave. Perhaps her words felt real to me because I needed so desperately to hear them, even if I would not admit it.
Would not have been better. Would have broken my heart, Brynna.
Yes. That my death would have broken your heart was made so obvious by the things you said and did.
Silence. Her spirit knew that I could not be swayed into believing her lies, so she left. My mother was quite good at leaving, and if you have not already gathered that, then you shall gather it now.
I believe it must have been several hours that we walked, because by the time we stopped for the night, the moon was high in the sky, and the branches Tyre's men had lit aflame had burned down close to where their hands were holding them. Adam and I were tied side by side against a large, scratchy tree whose name I could not determine just by looking at it. All I knew was that the vine they pulled from its trunk had thorns on it that cut into whatever spots of bare skin they could find on me.
Keep your hands to yourselves. Paul told us before turning to walk towards where his men were struggling quite hilariously to simply make a fire.
How clever you are. I snipped, and my father seemed to appear from nowhere behind him in order to slap me again. My head snapped to one side in response to the force of his slap, and immediately jerked back the other way when he slapped me again.
And that makes four... or is it five? A thick, bloody, dollop of drool dripped down my chin and into my lap. I am sorry; I believe I have lost count.
You listen to me... He grabbed onto my face in both hands, and when I went to spit my blood at him, he covered my mouth; the blood and saliva gushed beneath it and trickled once more down my chin while the blood from my nose ran over the top of his hand. That is enough!
More blood had gushed from the open space where just a moment earlier, one of my teeth had been. The moment he uncovered my mouth, I spat at him, making sure that the dislodged tooth was within the wad of bloody spit; I know that it hit him in the face squarely because an almost laughably huge red stain covered his skin from his forehead down to his upper lip.
Stammering over his words, he struggled to find an insult strong enough. Finally, he settled on my absolute favorite: the slang term for a woman's sexual organ that rhymes with hunt. Yes, I am so utterly disgusted by the term that I will not even write it, even when my hint practically screams said term aloud.
First, he punched me right in the center of my face. The force was sufficient, but not enough to cause great damage; my nose was gushing more blood, but it still had not broken; my eye was swollen, but from what I could tell, he had not busted any capillaries nor had his ring poked inside or shattered any bones. Then, his hands were around my throat, and he was squeezing.
That's enough! Paul lost the playful edge to his voice, and with a great tug, he pulled my father away from me. Rich was laughing more hysterically than I thought he was capable of, being a God-fearing man who believed in suppressing all joy. For some reason, during his fit of laughter, he pointed at me and shook his head back and forth as though to say, You are a trip, my darling girl! or something similar.
Then, he joined his comrades by the fire that their minions had built far from us so we could not feel even a gentle toasting of warmth during what felt like the most frigid night ever on Pangaea.
I expected words of comfort from Adam. At the very least, I expected him to inquire about the status of my well-being.
Expectations do so often lead to disappointment, or in this case, great irritation.
I must ask you to please excuse the alliteration, but you are so stupidly stubborn, Brynna Olivier! He snarled at me, You will make them kill you before Tyre even sets his eyes on you! You simply do not shut up! You are incapable of letting any one of their taunts go unanswered. You must counter every one like a disobedient, overly sensitive, petulant child! You will get us both killed if you keep this up! By the one God, woman, you are so thoroughly infuriating!
Would you prefer that I was partially infuriating? I asked, simply because I knew that making a joke would only irritate him more.
Do not begin your snide antics with me, for I am in no mood for it! I am so angry with you that I could wring your neck, Brynna!
Do not threaten me!
Oh, you know that I am not threatening you! It is an expression! It is an Earthean expression, and since you are the expert on all things linguistic, you should know that I do not intend to actually strangle you! I am merely angry. In fact, I am furious! I am furious that you would behave so foolishly! There is no pride to be taken in pride, you silly girl, especially if it leads one to harm!
Thank you, Yoda. I said, and my voice was heavy with a nasal quality that generally could be heard in one afflicted with a particularly nasty head-cold. My cheek was swelling, further contorting my voice. I found myself laughing at my voice, at the fact that I had called him Yoda, at the fact that he had given me reason to call him Yoda...
He sighed heavily, seemingly softened by my weak, rather pathetic laugh.
Who is Yoda? His voice was only slightly gentler, Oh, wait, wait, do not answer; I believe I know this one. It is from a space epic, is it not?
The most famous one. He is a small green alien. Very wise. Speaks in backwards statements. So, I guess it was not accurate to call you by his name. If you had said, 'Leads one to harm, it does' or something, then the name would have fit you.
His typical chuckle escaped him, and I found myself beaming brightly, despite how badly the stretching of my muscles pained my already swollen face.
How you can say such things when you are bleeding profusely and obviously in some pain...
Can you truly blame me for merely trying to lighten the mood between us? You are fussing at me most angrily, and it is provoking me to feel quite a level of despondency. Do my intricate sentences sound funny in this voice? I asked him, and he laughed again.
They do, indeed.
I am glad. I still feel the adrenaline a little bit. I believe that it is holding the pain off.
Look at me. He said, and I did. He winced at the sight of my face. My darling Brynna... He whispered softly, and he leaned forward to press his lips to my forehead for a long moment, That man will not see his home again. I may not have much strength, but I will use what is left of it to kill him for what he has done to you.
Hmm... I muttered, We were speaking of old Earthean expressions, and here is one that I am sure I will have to explain to you, but alas, I will say it anyway: 'Do not sweat it.'
He tilted his head slightly to look up at the sky in thoughtful contemplation.
Do I have to explain?
Wait. Give me a moment to think, woman.
It means, 'Don't worry about it.' I answered immediately, and he frowned at me jokingly.
If you revoking my right to guess what you meant is revenge for my outburst, can we now call ourselves even?
I nodded, and said softly, I suppose.
I reacted so furiously because what you were saying and doing was making them hurt you, and I cannot stand seeing you hurt. When he was striking you, and when that disgusting man, Paul, held his gun to you... He paused, and continued when I looked up at him, I have never been so afraid in all my years. Like you, I do not like being afraid. That is why I became so angry, and I am very sorry.
Do not be. I whispered, So, when you said that I meant nothing, and that I was just a human...
I thought that they would release you and take only me. God, did you believe what I had said?
Of course not. I lied.
Liar.
Shut up. So rude, you are. I laughed somewhat deliriously. See, now I'm Yoda. I want to explain why I said the things I said, and why I provoked them, but... but...
No. Brynna, no. He said firmly, No, no...
My eyes had started to slump closed, and my head fell forward before snapping back up abruptly. I moaned softly when the back of my head slammed into the hard, ridged trunk of the tree.
Brynna... Keep talking, darling. Keep your eyes open. Look at me, Brynna. Oh, my sweet love... He kissed my forehead again, Come now. Stay awake.
My eyes opened again, and I found that my head had fallen onto his shoulder. I looked up at him, and murmured to him, knowing and thanking God or the Gods that he couldn't understand.
What, my darling? He asked softly, and he hung his head slightly so his ear was close to my mouth.
I did not want to say it again. But my lips formed the words as my voice spoke them, and he heard.
Supposed to... pretending not to care... but... I keep my head here?
Again, he kissed my forehead before resting his own against it.
You needn't even ask.
***

My head injury was mild, so Adam allowed me to sleep, or at least, he allowed me to hover in some hollow space between consciousness and the dark oblivion of unconsciousness. I know that I must have been somewhere between because I remember distinctly the barrage of images and sounds that ran rampantly through my vulnerable mind: James, Violet, Penny, and Eli, all alive, but very tired; Don struggling to keep hisourpeople from revolting and going off on their own; Adam's mind struggling to steel itself against my unintentional invasions, during which I would discover that his condition was worsening far more quickly than it should have been, and he could not heal himself despite how hard he was trying. He could not heal me, either, and he was trying harder to do that...
My eyes opened, and instantly, I became aware that my vision had cleared up. My head did not feel as heavy. When I realized those two things, I frowned, knowing why his condition was worsening more quickly than he expected: he did not realize it, but he had succeeded in partially healing my head, and healing me had drained a large portion of his strength.
Adam... I whispered. His head was on top of mine, and after a second, he raised it so I could raise my own. When I looked at him, he smiled weakly at me in an attempt to pretend like all was well.
You are not fooling anyone. I heard you while I was half-asleep.
Ignoring what he knew was a blatant attempt on my part to get him to tell me honestly how badly he was hurting or how grave his condition had become, he made a joke.
Were you only half-asleep? By the way you were snoring, I would have bet my life that you were peacefully perched at the farthest reaches of sleep.
I do not snore! I snapped at him, somewhat more irritably than I truly felt. James has never mentioned it, and God or the Gods know he would have... Adam was chuckling softly now, and I gaped at him in disbelief for a long second. Do not laugh! You are lying, and... Do I really?
You do. But let me assure you that it is a very lady-like snore. Very quiet. Also, I believe that it is the result of your nose being bloodied.
More than likely. You do love the alliterations this evening, don't you? 'Peacefully perched', 'being bloodied', and my personal favorite, 'stupidly stubborn.'
Yes. I should apologize again for that.
You have actually apologized twice for saying it already. Once, you asked me to excuse the alliteration, which is a form of apology, I suppose. Then, you apologized for saying it at all. There is no need to keep apologizing, Adam. Though I appreciate it, we do have bigger fish to fry, as they say.
Yes, we do. But still, I must say this: I could not stop him from hurting you, and you were defenseless, as well, but you were endangering yourself by spouting off at them. I was afraid that he would kill you, and furious that I could not stop him, so I reacted with anger at you, and I am very sorry. However, I will also say that I was genuinely angry with you.
I am sure. I replied, Again, I accept your apology, alright? I understand. He looked at me expectantly, and I narrowed my eyes at him. I am absolutely not apologizing for what I said and did, but I will apologize for the emotional toll that it took on you. I sighed and rolled my eyes to the patch of inky black sky that was visible through the almost perfectly circular clearing of trees above us. That patch was dotted with so many tiny stars that they all seemed to glow together in one conjoined, beautiful mass. 
That sounded sarcastic. I told him, But I meant what I said. I am sorry that I cannot be sorry, also. And...
By the one God, woman, you must practice your apologizing skills.
No, I need not practice anything of the sort. I am not sorry, so... I am too exhausted for this, and have you not noticed that they are asleep?
I have noticed.
Well, hello?! Why did you not wake me the moment they drifted off?
Because your snoring was wildly entertaining.
If my hands were not tied behind me, Adam, I would be hitting you repeatedly right now.
He chuckled, but his body immediately tensed and lurched forward. Instantly, sweat broke on his forehead, and for a moment, he actually cringed visibly. But when I blinked, the expression was gone, replaced with his usual look of cool indifference, but still, I could see his jaw clenching.
Do not say anything. Please. Do not say anything about it. 
It was partly a command, partly a plea. If it had been completely the former, I would have gabbed about his moment of weakness and his severe injury until he was contemplating head-butting me in order to shut me up. If it was completely the latter, I might have kissed him. That does not cast me in the best light, I know. But I would have, simply because my lips against his would have momentarily excised the pain from his consciousness. Instead of his lips, though, I leaned forward with great difficulty and kissed his cheek.
We have to go. We are running out of time. If ever there is a moment when we are going to be able to escape by sneaking off, this will be it.
Oh, we are going to sneak off? He asked me, and though I knew he was gearing up for one of his humorously sarcastic jokes, I recognized how very tired he sounded, and how he was also trying to move swiftly away from his moment of weakness, just like I was.
Do you grow your fingernails very long and file them to dangerously sharp points? Will you use them to saw through these vines? My, Brynna, I never noticed such monstrosities at the ends of your beautiful hands...
Your injury is hampering your wit; that was a terrible joke.
Was it terrible? I would say that it was not good, but to call it terrible...
No. I flung my body forward, trying to break the vines free from the tree. Surprisingly, they did creak and split slightly when I leaned as far forward as I could go and applied the full weight of my body against them. The joke was terrible. But I forgive you. Now, lean forward like this.
I... I cannot, Brynna.
I looked back at him to find that all signs of good humorthe glint in his eyes, the smirk on his lipshad gone completely to be replaced by that blank slate. He was ashamed, I knew, for having to admit how weak he had become and how terribly his injury was paining him.
Okay. It is alright. I leaned forward, pushing harder against the vines, ignoring the jabbing of the thorns in my skin, not daring to grimace even slightly as several tore into my chest, scratching into me deeply enough to draw blood...
Brynna, stop. Adam told me.
I slumped back against the tree, sweating from the effort it took to keep pushing with all my might against the vines.
This is much harder than it looks. Do not judge me for being tired.
I do not judge you. When your strength has returned, we will both try.
You just said...
I have re-thought what I said. There is no place for my weakness right now. If you were wise, you would leave me after we break free.
You should know by now that I am not going to do that. It is not an option. Also, your weakness is the result of an injury, therefore I cannot judge you for displaying it however minimally. Just sit back, and let me handle this. They are almost broken.
I was able to scoot myself forward in the dirt a little bit because the vines had given way slightly. With a cautious glance up at the place where my father, Paul, Rich, and their thugs had fallen asleep, I pushed myself forward again, and that time, the vines split.
My joy at breaking free was short-lived, though, because just as I prepared to maneuver my hands in front of me, I heard clapping behind me. The sound seemed to shake the trees with its deafening volume, and when we whipped around to find the source of the noise, we found Paul standing behind us, beaming brightly. 
Ms. Olivier, you are a woman of many talents. I am now sure that Tyre will find you most amusing, and your life will be spared. You seem to have a fancy for men as old as or older than your father, so this will not be all bad for you, I reckon...
Paul. Paul with his humor-infused tone and his complete lack of anger at my escape. The man merely found me entertaining, like I was a child demonstrating a clever trick at an elementary school talent show.
I am actually glad to see that you are awake, Ms. Olivier. There is something I wish to discuss with you. Stand up. 
No. I said, Whatever you need to discuss with me, you can discuss with me in front of him.
I cannot, and I will not. 
What is to stop me from running away? From disarming you and running off?
Oh, Brynna He said, and he gently grasped my upper arm and pulled me onto my feet, You and I both know you could never leave him. Come, come.
He began to lead us away, and several times, I looked back over my shoulder at Adam, who was watching us go with the slightest look of consternation on his face. I did not think that Paul would hurt me; if he tried, I could easily take him, even with my hands tied behind my back. Either Adam feared the slight possibility that Paul would be able to pull out his gun and shoot me before I could overpower him, or he feared that I truly would run away. More than anything, I wanted to reassure him that I would not leave him, not even if I knew in certainty that I truly would be able to escape. Despite all that had occurred between us, we were in that debacle together, and so we would escape it together, too.
Once we were a safe distance away, Paul and I sat down on two small fallen logs across from one another. Paul observed me for a long time, and I stared back into his searching gaze despite how exposed and uncomfortable it made me feel.
If you had to guess, what would you say is the reason for me bringing you here?
I do not want to have to guess, and therefore I will not. Just tell me.
He smiled slightly, still looking into my eyes, but now the searching quality had left his gaze and he seemed resolved, as though he had, in just a few seconds, completely cracked the riddle of me.
Brynna He said, You must know that your situation is dire. If you continue to prod your father and Rich the way you have been, they will kill you.
I gaped at him, completely dumbfounded for the first time in a long time. Then, I began to laugh, quietly and weakly, because my face hurt, but certainly in genuine entertainment.
Are you giving me a lecture on behaving myself? Are you trying to lead me to believe that you are concerned about me? That you merely do not want them to hurt me? What, is Tyre giving you some sort of bounty for turning me in, and if they kill me, you go home to your wife, poor, despondent, and pathetic? Have you any control over them, Paul?
I do. Of course I do. But it is a long walk to our camp, and I need to sleep. I am the only one who can hunt. You will not be in my sight at all times. In any one of those moments, they could lose control on you, and despite not being evolved, as you all like to say, the consequences such a loss of control would have for you are too dreadful to imagine. I actually will not think about them, because they curdle my blood, truly. Tyre would punish them if harm were to befall you, but he would not kill them. They only fear death, because they have suffered through worse in life already. I am sure you heard your father mention the Confessionals. Paul looked away from me, and in the dim light of the torch he had been carrying, his eyes were cast in shadow. They are the worst times. For all of us. Even Mary and Rich had to repent. They had to suffer the worst.
And what is the worst? I asked, only because I wanted to know what physical torture my father had been forced to endure.
Lashings, mostly. But being left exposed to the elements for days on end is another popularly given punishment. Most of the people who receive that one dont survive for very long. He looked at me, and his eyes had now taken on again that glint of mischievous amusement they always had, The crows get very hungry. Some are given copious amounts of a plant called Silent Shade, which erases all the senses and paralyzes the body but leaves the mind utterly alive. For the thinkers like you, that punishment tends to get the job done. They repent afterwards. They repent during, Im sure, but having no faculties of language, they can only moan and groan for the full seventy-two hours it takes to wear off. There is the Belladonna-Ipecac Treatment; low doses of the former cause the most disturbing delirium, and a diluted form of the latter causes excessive vomiting. Somehow, those two states being experienced repeatedly, in rapid succession, lead to repentance quickly. In fact, that treatment has the second-highest success rate. I suppose after spending hours rolling about with terrible stomach pain, a racing heart, and a mind full of darkness and demons, one does not want to spend the next several hours retching and vomiting until there is nothing left but acid and blood to expel. We warn our followers ahead of time that that treatment is the one with the highest casualty rate, and yet so many choose it. Lets see, what else? Well, especially stubborn women get nights with especially pious men. Especially stubborn men watch their wives, who are genuinely especially stubborn, as well, get nights with those same especially pious men. Then there are the one-month stays in the Dark Rooms. One month in total darkness, and then twenty-four hours in bright light.
That would kill someone. It would send his body into shock. So, nice try, Paul, but you are lying.
It certainly would not kill a person, not after just one month. You must conduct your research more closely, Brynna. Dont you remember that in your country, people were buried underground after the worst of the Waste Wars for six months? They lived. They were just never quite the same again, were they? I shuddered, remembering it. The Wastelands. The No-Mans Lands. Entering them meant death; attempting to cross them meant suicide, and yet people tried. People tried and failed.
Paul continued to talk, and I surfaced from those memories to listen.
Here, when people opt for that choice, they tend to lose their minds. At least a little bit, anyway. There are other means of repentance, but those are for the worst offenders. Well, the lashings are bare minimum for all, but the rest For men like your father, there is the rest. He looked up at me and leaned forward ever so slightly, For people like your mother, there is even more.
Are there people like my mother? I asked, I always felt that she was one of a kind: a negligent mother, a vilely self-centered and pathetically dimwitted politician, a whorish drunk who bent backwards over desks and office couches in exchange for career advancement Just a far below par excuse for a human being who did not crawl her way out of a bottle long enough to even acknowledge that the world was ending, I am sure. 
I laughed, and it was a sound more bitter than I had wished to make. I wanted him to think that I was unfazed by any aspect of my mother, be it her lack of maternal affection, her insufficiency as a human being, or even her death. 
She was probably so drunk when it happened that it took just a tiny spark from the great blast to light all that booze in her blood on fire. She probably went up like a bombed oil rig. Do you remember those? Did you get coverage of that in Germany?
He nodded, smiling slightly out of the corner of his mouth, looking peaceful.
Well, at least she didnt feel it. I continued, The booze always kept her nice and warm, and numb. Inescapably, mercifully numb.
She didnt feel it. Youre right, Brynna. His smile grew, She didnt feel it, because shes here.
All of my apathy towards our conversation evaporated, and I was looking up at him with widened eyes, absolutely transfixed. But quickly, the rapt interest disappeared at my urgent, spiteful behest, and I regained my visage of disinterest, boredom, and now, a little bit of anger.
Do not think that I am so stupid that I believe that? I saw her die.
You saw what you thought you should see, then, Brynna, because I only just saw her three days ago. She is alive, but she is not well. Your father brought her and John, her lover.
I snorted again with laughter, thinking that his story had to have been the most ridiculous and poorly executed I had ever heard. There were so many fallacious lines of reasoning, so many plot-holes.
My father hated John, and John hated my father. They
both love your mother. Your mother would not leave the house unless John came with her. He leaned even closer to me, She also would not leave until he assured her that you would be on the ship.
Your story is utterly ridiculous. It is also horribly trite. My mother, knowing that the end was near and her life could end, suddenly had an epiphany, and in said epiphany, she finally realized how cruel she had been to me, and after that, she rediscovered her love for me. Is that how it happened?
Brynna, the only name I hear come out of her mouth these days is yours. 
Do you have proof that shes alive? I asked, but I answered before he could. No? I did not think so.
I do not have it on me, no. So, you will have to trust my word. Think about it for just one moment, Brynna. Think about the possibility that she might be alive. Think about how that will feel, to see her again.
It will more than likely feel like the first day of my menstrual cycle: like an annoying, unwanted inconvenience that instantaneously puts me in a foul mood because of how pointless its existence, or in this case, her existence is. You truly think I have any desire to see her again?
Well, you might not, but your sisters and brother sure do.
Penny has never cared about her. Violet and Eli would love to see her, yes, but if you think I would tell them this tale, if I were to see them again, then you are wrong. I will not feed them your lies. I will not raise their hopes only to see them dashed.
You will see them again, Brynna. In a day or so, at the opportune moment, when they are least expecting it, I am going to help you escape. Adam is going to lead you to his village. I know that the six of us cannot invade alone; we will surely be killed. But there are many there whom Tyre wants, but he doesnt know how to find it. There are people in the camp now, and they could leave the village once you arrive, come to us, and lead us back, but really, they are there to observe, to learn your ways, your weaknesses. Besides, we only want Adam, Janna, Don Abba, and a handful of others. The rest of you can live in peace until they have been properly disposed of. Then, unfortunately, my dear, we will turn our gaze to the rest of you. But He held up his finger and smiled, It is a benevolent gaze, I assure you. 
So, let me explain out loud what I perceive is the entirety of your brilliant, dastardly plan: First, you orchestrate mine and Adams escape; then, he leads me to his village, where you already have spies, spies who could easily lead you there and save me the trouble, but then I lead you to the village despite all of that, you take Adam and these others, and then, what? I get my mommy back?
Precisely.
And then my family and I go on the run.
No, you allow us to take over, and we treat you kindly as a result of your help and your willingness to live under our laws, which mind you, are not nearly as bad as you make them out to be.
Right. I said with a snicker, Lashings, forced administration of toxic, mind-altering drugs, rape, light deprivation, and being left to the elements to be eaten by crows are not nearly as bad as they sound.
It is all about choice, Brynna. Free will, if you will.
I wont. Does anyone have the choice to say no to punishment?
Your mother certainly doesnt. His tone dropped to complete seriousness and even a little malice. After the mess she made of Earth, she and her three colleagues who made the trip have not had it easy. Their punishments have been public, and they have been brutal. She has suffered all of the ones I have mentioned, plus one hundred more.
And what does John do? What does my father do? Do they just sit by and allow it? Do they say it is the will of God?
No. John has been beaten within an inch of his life many times for trying to shield her from us, for trying to run away with her, for trying to gather a resistance together to fight back But he has been nursed back to health, because we need a man with his skill set. Your father, on the other hand, has just begged Tyre like a pathetic puppy dog to call off her punishments for a year now. When he has to go out on these missions, it devastates him; say what you want about him, but he loves your mother.
For just one blink, one quick heartbeat, a jolt of electricity struck my heart and mind. The shocks fizzled away, reverberating through my arms and legs and rattling my bones, before I had even acknowledged them, and I was saying, Yes I know he does with more fury than I intended. Reverberating through my ears and through every empty corridor of my mind, I heard a fist pounding on the door, screaming her name, and then I saw a flash of red, red on my hands And her armsnot my motherswere around me, and her voicenot my motherswas telling me that everything was going to be okay, everything was going to be okay, everything was going to be okay But then, my eyes blinked once, and my heart beat once, and it was as though the moment had not happened at all.
She is very stubborn, Brynna. Paul was saying, So stubborn that Tyre says he has never seen anything like it. I would say that she is unbreakable, but there is no soul that cant be broken. Not even hers. Not even yours.
Her soul can easily be broken. Your prohibition on alcohol is the quickest way to do it. The poor woman has nothing to keep her warm at night. Is she back with John again? God, I thought he had moved on to someone more deserving.
His frustration was evident when he spoke again.
Brynna, do not make jokes anymore! Believe what I am saying to you. Believe it, and take this deal. If, after you escape and arrive at Adams village, you lead us there so we can acquire him and those others, we will give you your mother.
What about John?
We will give you John as well.
Oh, but I thought you needed him?
We do, but if he is part of your conditions for this, then you may have him. Besides, I would not give you your mother when she is damaged goods. I only trade merchandise of the highest quality in deals as important as this. I will not sell her to you when she is broken and despondent and near death as a result of her separation from him. We have tried multiple times to separate them, but he just gets himself in trouble, and she He stopped and shook his head, Its endless, what she does.
I do not believe this story for a minute, Paul.
You dont now. But you will.
What is the point of this secrecy? Why didnt Tyre come himself to offer me this deal?
Because he knows nothing of it. This is my baby, as they say. This is my plan. I am an ambitious man, Brynna
Famous last words. I murmured.
and I hatched this idea because Tyre could not. It is one that he has not thought of, and if it is successful, my rewards will be bountiful. Here and in heaven.
You do know were immortal, dont you? I asked condescendingly, So heaven is a very, very distant place. Like, if all things go ideally, you will never see it.
There are many of us up there, Brynna. There is a legion of us. We see heaven. Randomly, we are told it is time to see heaven. And we go, and we are unafraid. We take that last journey, because we were meant to take that journey. Death is a part of life. God made it so.
Oh, God I whispered, and I was slowly shaking my head as I looked at him with disdainful sadness, You people are out of your minds.
Think what you will. Right now, all I care about is that you believe this story and that as a result, you say that you will think about our deal.
I will not say that, because I would never betray Adam. Find your own way to our village, and keep the drunken shrew, would you? I have already forgotten her face completely, and soon, I think and hope, I will forget that she ever existed. If only the same could happen with Daniel, I would be completely square for all eternity.
Brynna He reached out and placed his hand on my knee, Look at me.
I did.
It occurs at random intervals, so she never knows when they are going to come for her. But when they do, they drag her from the home she shares with your father, throw her into the city square, and then they submit her, publicly, to the worst things a human being can be submitted to. When it is not public, it is even worsetwice now, she has died and been brought back by the Pangaean healers. She is their Eve, the ultimate fallen woman. She pays the price for the sins of all of them, all the people who were responsible for the destruction of Earth. She pays the price for the fall of our kind. And every night every night, she tells John that she deserves it. She cries and cries, and she tells him that she deserves it all because of what she did to you. He tries to tell her that its not true, but she insists. Whenever I am in the room with her, or when Rich, or your father, or Tyre are in the room with her, she just begs to see you again. She wants to put it all right, Brynna. She loves you so much, and all she wants is the chance to tell you that, and to tell you that shes sorry, and she would take it all back if she could. Believe me, sweetheart, she is alive up there, but if they keep this up with her, no amount of Pangaean remedies are going to heal her. Shes going to be lost to you again, and she will never have gotten the chance to make up for all she did. She told me one night that you left her a note, and all she would say was that you were right. That you made the right choice. That you had done her the greatest kindness you ever could have done when she didnt deserve it. You or them. Thats what you said, isnt it?
That earlier jolt of electricity to my heart was nothing compared to this bolt of lightning sent from Zeuss hand. Because I had stopped breathing, my hearts beats stumbled several times, and my head began to spin again. Surely, my father could have seen the note and repeated its message to Paul at some point. But there was that chance that it really had been her And that note had been for her, hadnt it? I had not intended it for my father
Brynna, just think on it. I will give you weeks. I will give you months, if you need them. I am a patient man. Just tell me that you will consider it.
I stared at him, seeing not his face but her hands, with the perfectly manicured nails, the veins protruding on the backs not unattractively, the light ring of skin one could always see when she took off her wedding band, which happened every night when she first came home from work I closed my eyes and allowed my mind to fall back into the past even further; I watched her face contort behind the screen that left it completely unfocused, and I heard her cries, so soft, so delicate, so different from the loud, boisterous, babyish ones she had always made when she was drunk. That time, she sounded so tired, so afraid, so sad, so old. And she whispered something, but her voice was as hazy as her face. Her words were a mystery to me. But she repeated herself, and then held the slip of paper to her heart. 
For one brief moment, more than anything else in either world, I wanted to know what she had said. In that strange way that one always knows when he or she is being talked about, I knew that her words had been about me. Was it an insult? A final proclamation of her ill-feelings towards me? A reminder to herself that her breaking of our bond had been the right thing to do? Or maybe or worse her words were none of those things
Yes or no, Brynna? Will you consider it?
My heart ricocheted around my chest, even more confused than my mind was for the first time ever. But my lips formed the words, and my voice spoke them, and he smiled after they were said, after they were hanging in the dense Pangaean forest that was always watching, always listening:
I will consider it.
***

That betrayal was emblazoned on me by the time I returned to Adam. All I could think was that it was obvious, right there in my eyes for him to see and read. Even saying that I would only consider it would be enough to make him say I was not loyal, and then there was no saying what he would do. As Paul tied me back to the tree beside him, I avoided Adams searching gaze.
Dont let it happen again. Paul told me firmly, and I nodded, knowing he was trying to lead Adam to believe that our conversation had simply been a reprimand.
Are you alright? Adam asked me softly, and I nodded again, suddenly feeling small there next to him; the full weight of that betrayal was laid so heavily and so glaringly on me, and as a result, I could not even look him in the eye.
What happened, sweetheart? Tell me what happened.
Nothing. I said, He just told me that if I keep this up, they will kill us both. Same as you. Same as you, just more forceful.
Did he hurt you, Brynna? Tell me now
No. He just told me that we are running out of time. Thats all.
Now, I was lying. I was making it worse by lying. There against that tree, I had my one chance to tell him the truth from the beginning, and I chose to lie. Despite the fact that I did not believe Pauls story, I was still lying to protect the possibility of seeing my mother again. My mother, for whom I did not care in the slightest My mother, whom I had left behind
I closed my eyes and rested my head against Adams shoulders. The feeling of his lips kissing my forehead, down my nose, and on my cheek made the guilt that was tugging in my chest amplify; there he was trying to comfort me, when I had promised to think over Pauls treacherous plan.
If we wanted to survive, we would have to remain unified. If we were to remain unified, I had to put it out of my mind. I could not tell him all Paul had said, because then I would have destroyed my one chance to see her again. Later, when we arrived at the village, I would tell him what had occurred between Paul and me and ask for his advice. But in the meantime, I had to keep it together, because Paul had promised to discreetly free us if only I agreed to his plan.
I am fine. I just I stopped, trying to formulate an explanation for my strange behavior. When I settled on that explanation, I acknowledged to myself that I was not altogether lying.
I was just afraid they were going to hurt you while I was gone. I thought that maybe he was leading me away so I would not witness it, though why he would want to save me from seeing that, I do not know. Or I was afraid that I would come back, and your infection would have progressed, and you would have died as a result of its progression.
I will not allow death to take me. Not while we are here, Brynna. Not while we are fighting together to survive this. I will hold on to the very last breath for you, and hopefully, by the time I arrive at that last breath, we will have been saved. 
I hope so, Adam. Because we are running out of time here. I repeated Pauls words almost verbatim, It is only a matter of time before they lose control and kill me. Or you. Or both of us.
***

The next morning, Paul and two of the unnamed thugs were out hunting. My father was lying down, his back to us, and I could tell by the way his breaths came and went slowly that he was asleep. Rich was pulling a thorn-covered vine from the trees, his eyes looking up at me every once in a while. When that happened, he would smile slightly, and continue to saw away at the vine with a butchers knife.
That is never going to work. I called to him, after his eyes rose to meet mine for the hundredth time. It was annoying, watching him look at me, smile, and then look away over and over again, so of course, I had to confront him on it.
Brynna, have you forgotten what we discussed? Adam asked, before raising his voice and calling to Rich, Ignore her. Her criticisms are the result of sleep and food deprivation and boredom.
Well, of course, I was not going to let that slide.
Her criticisms are the result of his foolish assumption that a butchers knife is going to cut through a vine that thick. You need a machete, silly.
One of the thugs tossed one to Rich in an underhand throw so it landed on the ground in front of him. 
Happy? He asked me.
Very.
You wont be. Not in a few minutes.
Oh, no?
Nope. He said, What was it you said about my wife, bitch? In the city?
I dont think I did anything but call her despicable. Why? Are you looking for an excuse to get violent? You abusive men, youre all the same. It cannot just be a random burst of violence, for no reason. You need the woman whom you wish to abuse to cause it. If I call your wife some vile name now, you will use that as a reason to put me in my place. It will have been for my own good, right? You cant just do it because you want do it.
Oh, I want to do it, and I will do it.
May I ask why?
Brynna, that is enough now. Adam told me.
Why? I dont need a reason. Youre saying that I do, but I dont. He hacked through the vine with the glistening blade of the machete, finally breaking it free from the tree.
See? That was easy, wasnt it?
He stormed over to me, the thorn-covered branch clenched tightly in one hand, the other balled up into a fist.
You could have been with us. He snarled at me, But you chose his side. After all the things Daniel said happened to you, I actually felt sorry for you. But now I dont, because you chose to align yourself with him! Your people, they have no morals. They have nothing. They just do what they want, take what they want, and kill who they want, without any regard for anything. After what happened to you when you were a kid, you aligned yourself with those types of people. Christ, youve got a disease and a half, dont you? You make no sense. You aligned yourself with the people who do the same shit that the sick bastard who raped you did. Have you realized that yet?
I had been calm as he approached me, but when he mentioned that darkness from my past, I went not first to irritation, then to anger, and then to rage, but instead, I sky-rocketed to rage straight off. My blood was set at a rapid boil immediately; my heart pounded, sending that scorching blood blistering through my veins to burn everything; my limbs shook, my eyes turned red, my palms sweated as the desire to reach out and rip his tongue from his mouth became almost too great to bear; I could not see or think or reason in that utter wrath. It was not human, not at all; it was completely animal. 
Really? Adam asked, because he thought foolishly that if he continued the conversation, I would forget what Rich had just said. That is what they are telling you now? They are telling you that we rape people? By the one God, Richard, it is funny that you would attribute that dark deed to us when it has always been Tyres favorite pastime.
That isnt fucking rape! And yeah, they do tell us that you people rape people.
If I had not been so lost in my ire, I would have certainly criticized him on that poorly constructed proclamation. I would kindly inform him that it lost all of its intended weight when the listener was distracted by how silly it sounded.
They tell me you people dont have any laws. You have nothing. You just let people do whatever they want, even if its the darkness in them that tells them to do it.
And what about your people, Rich? I spat at him, regaining my voice suddenly, Torturing, rapingand yes, it is rapekilling Does that not come from darkness in you? Oh, no Right, I forgot: Thats all in the name of God.
Yeah. Youre right it is, you smart-ass bitch. Who do you all do it in the name of?
That would be in whose name do you all do it? And we do not do anything in anyones name. We do not hurt each other. Goodness, I am surprised that youre not criticizing us for that. Calling us a bunch of tree-hugging, pansy, atheist Hippies. Only we have God, too, Rich. The only difference is I leaned forward and whispered to him, slowly, tauntingly, Weve got the real one.
His mouth was moving as he tried to formulate a harsh enough retort, and he was scowling darkly, his eyes alight with rage.
Oh, you have done it now, havent you? Adam murmured.
Daniel! Rich bellowed in my face.
I'm not dealing with it! My father called back, and he did not even sit up.
Guys, get over here!
Four of the unnamed thugs came over.
Adam, what do you let these young ladies do in your camp? One of them asked, Do you just allow them to run rampant? 
Rich cut us free from the tree, but three of the guys held their guns on Adam so he did not try to come to my aid.
Really! Rich said as he pulled me to him just so he could throw me back to the ground, My God, this one... From behind me, he grabbed a handful of my hair and pulled me up into a sitting position. I am proud to say that I did not flinch in the slightest. Even when one of his hands twisted into the back of my hair and the other grasped my chin, I did not show any signs of pain or fear.
This one has been like a stubborn fucking dog since we met!
A dogged dog? I asked, and he slammed me face-first into the ground so hard that my ears were left ringing. 
Ray! Rich bellowed, Why don't you come over here?
No, Ray, stay where you are. Adam said to him calmly.
Come over here, Ray!
Ray, I suggest you stay where you are.
Adam was still trying to keep secret how severe his injury was, so his attempts to stand were small and barely noticeable. Of course, in order to stand, he would have needed to maneuver onto his knees first, and that was proving to be an insurmountable challenge for him. When one of the guns was held to his head, he did not stop completely, but when the other two were pointed at me, all movements ceased.
I was laughing, simply because my body was shaking, and I did not want them to assume that I was afraid. But I was afraid. Inside, every part of me was trembling, more than likely due to the reverberations from my rapidly beating heart. The part of my brain that had no shame begged me to beg, but the part of my brainthe larger part, of coursethat was proud to a fault would never allow such weakness. Not when they would laugh about my fear after I was gone. Not when it would be used to slander my name when I could not defend myself. People would certainly sympathize; every person in their moment of death experiences great fear, I am sure, even if it is simply fear of the unknown, fear of what comes after. But still, I was thought by some to be very brave, almost completely fearless. Even as I faced my death, even as I faced the pain that would surely precede my death, I would not cry, or beg, or bargain. I will admit that I was terrified; how could I not have been? But they would never know my terror, so I laughed. 
Yes, you will laugh now. Rich told me joyously in my ear. This is all part of an attempt to get in our heads. Either that, or this little charade you put on is just your pride talking. I dont know, and I dont care, bitch. And neither will you, in a minute. You two! Hold him back, and make sure he watches. You think I dont know that you give a fuck about her, but I do know. I see it, every time you look at her. You think youre keeping it secret, but fuck, you stupid son of a bitch, you love her, dont you? Hold him back, and he will fight, because hell want to protect her. But keep him back and make him fucking watch this. Ray!
In Richs heart, I felt his rage to the deepest extent; what he was showing was just the smallest bit of it. I felt his disgust that I, a woman, would not cower at the sight of him, a man who meant me great harm and wished to show me my rightful place. In his mind, I saw his plan for me, and as soon as it was broadcast through my mind in frighteningly clear resolution, my icy fear petrified my body but still did not show on my face. There was but one way to sort out a problem like me; there was only one way to truly break a woman, in his opinion. He knew that from experience, from committing that terrible crime and from watching others commit it. Watching countless women in their camp who had resisted. Watching those who had sworn they would never obey. Watching Maura, who had suffered at the hands of so many...
You will have to forgive this part. Among many other moments in my long, eventful life, this was one of the worst, and therefore, it is one of the hardest to transcribe, as I still feel many things, all unpleasant, when I remember it, and I do remember it perfectly. My mind has never dimmed a single trauma as long as I have lived and suffered traumas, and though some may say that is a curse, I consider it at least partly a blessing. Remembering the pain and fear as clearly as I did the day I experienced them has always birthed the most intense and useful alertness, and a certain crystal-clear clarity that yields great understanding of the perpetrator and the situations surrounding the event. To understand human-like creatures and their human-like humanity is essential to being able to wield my power, so in that way only, even my greatest traumas have been my greatest strengths. 
Ray, she's all yours. Give her your specialty.
Ray's specialty appeared to be coming at his victims like the Tasmanian devil. Once Rich had thrown me into the leaves and dirt on the cold forest ground, Ray pounced. With my hands tied behind me, I was mostly defenseless, but when his rough, shockingly strong hands flipped me over onto my back, I brought my feet back as far as I could (which was not very far, as he was already trying to grab them, knowing what my first offensive move would be) and kicked him in the chest. He stumbled, but I had not weakened him in the slightest. In fact, I had strengthened him by kicking and would continue to strengthen him if I continued to fight; as I fought, his anger rose, but so did his dangerously lustful amusement; I was a challenge, I was going to fight, and he was going to fight back, and he would make me lose. No matter how long it took, no matter how brutally he had to beat me, or how many times he had to pick my small body up and slam me into the hard ground, he would win.
Still, I fought.
Adam was bellowing his enraged promises of violence, and a strong wind was beginning to blow. I could not discern his words through the many flying through my head; some were my own terrified thoughts, others belonged to my attacker and those other men who were watching with sadistic enthusiasm, and some were my father's, who was far off from us, preparing himself for the moment when he had to begin pretending that he could not hear my screams, if ever I actually did scream... He knew my screams so well, and he did not want to hear them again Not again, not again, please, God, not again He thought it over and over again, and I could hear the tears in the voice of his mind. That voice jarred me, confused me, left me even one step closer to absolute defenselessness
It had taken one solid week of torment for Maura to finally begin screaming, and saying that she was sorry, and saying she would obey... A part of my father, the sick part that believed so strongly in the Old Spirit strategies for enforcing order, wondered if I would take as long, though he suspected that I would not...
The trees bent to the will of the wind that had picked up speed and strength. A crack of lightening split a tree close to us, and Ray looked up in fear that one of the heavy wooden sides would fall squarely on top of us, but alas, that did not happen. The loudest roar of thunder I had ever heard startled him, but still, his hands ripped my shirt down the front. Luckily, that roar of thunder drowned out my startled yelp, which I would like to say was one tinted only with disgust and rage but unfortunately, fear comprised most of the emotional supply behind the sound.
His heavy body dropped onto mine because I was thrashing in the dirt like a gutted fish atop a ship's deck. One of his arms pinned my chest down to the ground while the hand attached to the other ripped off my bra before moving down to rip open the button of my jeans.
Adam, you better fucking stop! Rich shouted over the chaotic weather, Adam's shouts, and the whooping of the men watching. The gun was pointed at me; I was staring up into the barrel of it, staring, knowing that I would not see the bullet coming, I would scarcely hear the bang... The weather was calming, but Adam's fury was almost tangible. It was in the air around us.
It was attracting darkness.
I was so tired, but I was still fighting. My body would not give in to that brutal man on top of me. My mind would not allow me to submit, knowing that Rich, his thugs, and even my father would get far too much pleasure from it. The thugs were standing and watching, none sympathizing, none even considering coming to my aid not because they were afraid, but because they wanted to watch, they wanted to see me, the dangerous, seductive, mildly demonic accomplice to their greatest enemy, violated in the most dehumanizing ways.
For some reason, I thought of snow. Still to this day, I do not know why the desires to watch snow clouds form in the sky above me and to feel the sting of the icy cold touch of snowflakes on my skin was felt so strongly by me. But I wished that Adam, who could not destroy those men with his power because Rich would end my life if he tried, would make it start snowing. Perhaps I felt that way because I had always found snow to be so very cleansing.
Move. Move! Rich ordered Ray harshly. Ray, breathing heavily still, took his weight off of me, and my eyes registered the sight of a broken piece of thorn-covered vine in Rich's hand. My mind did not allow me to realize what it was going to be used for, as I would have screamed when I finally knew. In fact, I might have even pleaded with him not to do it. It was not until I felt the simultaneous smack of the vine and the deep, excruciating jab of one hundred thorns on my bare skin that I understood why he was holding it.
Now I will admit it: I screamed, but who would not have screamed?
I will kill all of you! I heard Adam bellowing, and the ground beneath me was rumbling again. If he could not strike them with lightning, he would cause an earthquake that would open the solid forest ground and swallow them whole.
Control yourself, Rexprimus... One of the thugs said, and the other cronies laughed, and Rich did, too, even as he continued to whip me with the vine. Otherwise, Ill shoot her.
Are you done fighting?! Rich had dropped to his knees beside me and was bellowing in my face. When I did not answer, he twisted his hand in my hair and yanked my head off of the ground so my face was level with his; I could not help thinking that I would be bald by the end of the night if those men continued to manhandle my hair. Answer me! He slammed my face into the ground, and then yanked it back up again, I said, 'Are you done?!
It was so stupid. It was stubborn. It was proud. It was done to show that he had not broken me, at least not yet.
I head-butted him. I used enough force that his head jerked backwards; the back of his head almost banged against the top of his shoulder. His nose was broken, I knew. His eyes crossed momentarily, and he fell backwards into the dirt, clutching his face and spitting out insults that I could barely understand through the blood that had filled his mouth.
That is it! He shrieked when he finally regained his ability to speak. He grabbed yet another handful of my hair and dragged me through the leaves to where they had all slept. Bring him!
When Rich threw me down, my upper arm landed in their fire-pit quite unfortunately; the embers were still burning, and I had to bite down into my lip to keep from crying out, and after I bit clean through my bottom lip, I had to press it forcefully together with the top as hard as I could to continue holding the scream at bay.
I would apologize for that because believe it or not, I did it unintentionally. Rich explained to me brusquely, But frankly, my dear, I don't give a damn.
Ruined... that line... forever. I gasped out at him, as he pulled me up onto my knees. Once again, I was laughing, my blood-covered teeth stinging when the cold air hit them. The reason why I was laughing was not at my continued defiance of them; it was because my shirt, although ripped, was still covering my chest enough so those despicable men could not see anything. I found that to be extraordinarily lucky, and a luxury in the situation as lovely as warmth.
Oh, did I ruin it? He asked, and he delivered a wallop across my face that left me seeing stars. I don't give a damn about that, either.
Adam was beside me, kneeling as well.
This does not concern her. She was of no use to me, and she will be of no use to him, either. Adam was saying in what sounded like mild irritation at their inability to see something that he felt was so glaringly obvious. Just send her on her way back to Maxwell. He makes her miserable enough, so you all will have your way in that respect; she will suffer. All sides win.
That is just about the oldest trick in the book, Adam. Its common practice where we're from. All we have done to her, it has been done to so many others. Do you know how many husbands, boyfriends, brothers, fathers, and uncles said the same thing? 'This doesn't concern them.' 'Just let them go.' 'They're not important to you.' The oldest tricks in the book are the most stupid, because everyone sees them coming. You are insulting yourself and me by using it. Rich informed him as he paced quickly in front of us, his entire body trembling with rage. Daniel!
He didnt reply for a long time.
What?! He finally called from far off.
Your daughter is an Irredeemable. You and I both know what that means. So, come say your goodbyes.
A long silence ensued.
Bye, Dad! I yelled, and I laughed hysterically again. But that pain-induced hysteria was vanishing quickly, being replaced by that freezing fear I had felt so strongly earlier, when Paul had held the gun to my head. Adam looked over me, sensing that sudden surge of terror in my heart.
Look at me. He said, and his voice was so gentle, in such stark contrast to his enraged yells and his snide chiding of them. Brynna... look at me.
I did, just as Paul moved behind us. My body tensed. Every sense was alive. My mind was screaming, sending impulses to my legs to run, but my legs did not heed the call; they merely stayed put, lame, beneath me. My breathing was starting to quicken.
No, my love. Shh... Adam said, and he leaned closer to me.
The moment my forehead was set against his, tears formed in my eyes. My last moments would be spent with him, nestled against him, feeling warmth even from that slight physical contact between us. I would close my eyes, relishing in the sensation of that warmth I felt from his body, and that cool, gentle chill that went through me whenever he and I touched. Because my face was against his, and the men were all behind us, I allowed just one, solitary tear to fall. Then I whispered to him an admittance that did not pass my lips ever:
I'm scared.
No. You must not fear a thing, my love. I will not allow it, not now. Close your eyes, listen to me... Picture Penny. Picture her beautiful face. How she looks so like you, Brynna... I mistook her for your child when I first saw her. She has inherited your beauty, certainly.
Who will care for her? God, what will they tell her? I whispered, and my voice trembled but no tears fell.
Shh... His lips pressed to mine so tenderly. Close your eyes. He kissed me again, and a tickling, warm sensation began in my ears, tiptoed down my neck, crept over my shoulders, and caressed every inch of my spine. My love... my beauty... Just listen to my voice. Do not fear them. A little more deeply, he kissed me, and my lips responded slightly, but naturally, as though they had been eagerly waiting for the day when his would come to rest upon them.
I want you to come with me. I told him, rambling somewhat deliriously now. If there's another place, I want you to be there. I'll be scared to be alone. Please come with me.
For some reason, I thought that he was capable of ensuring that. With all of his power, I thought that he could control the afterlife and arrange for our paths to conjoin, and our voyage to the Pearly Gates, or Nirvana, or a black void, or Hell, or wherever, would be taken together.
I will. We will take that final journey together, I promise. He kissed me again, You have my love, Brynna. My deepest, purest, most tender love. I need you to know that now, alright?
I nodded, remembering being told by one of my coworkers in the kitchen of Dons house that the saying You have my love was a Pangaean phrase with heavy significance behind it. It was only said to those from whom one could not bear to be separated. It was the highest declaration of love, both platonic and romantic.
Yes. I said, and my voice dropped to a whisper, And you have mine. 
My heart suffered a shudder of sadness and also, a sharp pang of shock, because I knew that it was true. That moment, and that harrowing night, in general, had bred love for him in my heart. I did not know then how resilient that love was, but I knew that it was there, so gently encasing my heart and protecting me from absolute panic and grief. 
My eyes rose to the sky, and I startled terribly upon seeing a ghastly, demonic face staring down at me, opening its jagged, misshapen mouth and snapping its jaws shut again with a crack that I thought could be heard for miles, and yet behind us, the men did not interrupt their argument over which bullets were correct to look up. Also, quite interestingly, it appeared that since they had denied the mutation, they also could not sense the thick, heavy evil that was in the air, the same evil that always clung to the Shadows.
Adam... I muttered, and I gestured with my eyes for him to look up. When he did, his face remained impassive, but his jaw tightened.
Oh, dear... He looked at the fire that was still burning ever so slightly. The light it was giving us was minimal, and soon, it would completely disappear. Once it did, the Shadow would leap down from the tree and begin its crazed, random, brutally violent attack. Luckily there were others with Adam and me, so perhaps one of them would be its first target... But Adam and I were right beneath it, and it was looking straight at us, opening and closing its mouth, starting to hiss like an animal but moan distinctly like a human... Still, the men behind us did not look up.
The sound of the gun will draw it down here, regardless of the light, correct?
Yes. Why?
I nodded, and closed my eyes.
For the first time, I would explore just how powerful my power truly was. It is said that Athenes, because our power is of the mind, and the mind determines what is possible, can do anything. So, I asked myself then if I could control minds and instantly decided that yes, I absolutely could.
I began by focusing on the man I had seen standing to Richs right. He was holding a shotgun. After pushing aside all doubts in my abilities, I pictured the gun rising by its own volition, or rather, by my volition. Sure enough, I heard the men exclaiming, asking aloud (and loudly) what the hell was going on? I pictured the finger of the man holding the gun moving to press against the trigger. I heard the crack of the bone in that finger as he struggled against the force of my control; just as I wanted it to, his now broken finger snapped back onto the trigger, and a blast echoed to the farthest reaches of the world, it seemed.
The men were screaming, scrambling, asking how such a thing could occur. I lost count of the seconds it took for them to realize that I had been the one to do it, that the rumors were true, and I really did possess this great power capable of the most terrible, impossible things. When they realized it, their rage was almost tangible, and the Shadow above our heads needed no more provocation than pure rage abounding through the air. The sound had jump-started her lust for blood, but their rage drove her body to act on her desire, on her hunger. As the men came charging towards me, the shriek above our heads sounded, and they froze.
Several things happened at once: First, I spun sideways so that I could drop down onto the ground and kick the stick I had seen in the fire so that it ricocheted towards me. Unfortunately, I caught the end that was on fire first and dropped the whole stick to the ground before scrambling to pick it up again on the non-burning side before the flame died away; one must remember that my hands were tied behind me and coordinating those movements was quite difficult. Adam flipped his hands over his feet so that they were in front of him, and used his fangs to bite easily through the vines binding him. The Shadow landed more gracefully than I expected right in front of us, and its smile contorted its already quite hideous face even more. Adam spun me around so that the torch was facing the creature. He or she (it is hard to tell with Shadows) screeched in rage and started to gallop away from our group, but then, it seemed to remember that we were not the only ones unlucky enough to be in the woods at night.
Adam took the torch and dropped us both onto the ground so we could rest against another tree. One of the aforementioned thugs ran towards us, and his thoughts told me that he was going to try to throw one of us in the Shadow's path so we would be the ones it ate, and then he and his comrades could escape unharmed. But alas, the Shadow reached him before he could reach us. In front of the terrified eyes of Rich, my father, Paul (who had returned just in time to witness this carnage) and the surviving thugs, the Shadow ripped its long claws into the man's stomach and began to pull out his insides, all the while smiling as though he were extracting many surprises from a mystery box.
Adam... I whispered, because I could feel deeper darkness approaching. I could feel in their minds and what was left of their souls that they were hungry, hungry to eat what they had lost. They had heard the screech of one of their own, and that screech had told them that a delicious buffet of varying kinds of human-like creatures had strode into their territory.
I know. I can smell them.
I can feel them. I murmured back, and my voice was trembling.
It is alright. We are going to be alright. Come. Sit here. With his free hand, he pulled me so that I could sit between his legs with my back against his front. His arm came across my middle, and I adjusted it so it was covering my bare chest and then held onto it with both of my sweating, shaking hands that he had freed for me. Our main enemies had run off. Only a few thugs remained behind and soon, they would be dead. Though I did not want to show my fear in front of Adam, who I did not trust completely, I had no choice; I no longer had the energy to pretend I was unafraid, and once the levee holding that massive stockpile of emotions was breached, the flood was freed.
The screams those men let out brought me no joy. I could not gloat. I could not stop myself from equating the sound with the one made by pigs right before their throats were slashed. Rounds were fired off, but all the bullets missed, even though there were many targets; the creatures now numbered in the fifties. Alone, Shadows are dangerous. In a frenetic swarm, they are impossible to survive unless one remembers one simple rule: Light, when used incorrectly, breeds shadow, but when used correctly, dissolves it. Case in point: We had a torch, and the Shadows could not get close, though they tried; the men still alive had lighters, which when their shaking hands actually managed to light them, only aggravated their supernatural aggressors more.
We are going to be alright. It is almost dawn. Just hold on a little longer. Adam was whispering in my ear. We will endure this. Soon, the sun will rise, and this will be over. Just a little longer now, my darling.
His hand held the torch in front of us so steadily, and I could not believe his bravery; he truly did not fear them.
My body was practically seizing with the tremors of terror that ran through it. Once or twice, when a Shadow got too close, I whimpered. When my eyes met theirs, I could see what they once were: humans, corrupted not by greed or sloth or envy, but by sadness. Sadness bred the darkest shadow, which I found so strange... When I had made that long, agonizing eye contact with the Reaper in my apartment so many, many years earlier, it seemed, I had seen every evil thought and action ever dreamed or committed by men and women, every wrongful death, every dark advantage taken, and in that rolling sea of darkness, I had almost drowned. The same feeling took hold of me when my eyes met those of the Shadows, when my mind bore so unwillingly into theirs, and yet this darkness was that of despair, not sins committed by mankind. I asked myself how sorrow could breed evil so similar to that bred by wrath or greed, and I could not find the answer. My mind was racing. The mix of frenzied visual stimuli, the screaming of the men being ripped apart, and the desperate, heavily-loaded thoughts whizzing through my mind were enough to set my heart off into a terrible throbbing of panic even stronger than what I had been feeling when the first Shadow had jumped down from the trees.
I wanted to close my eyes, but I would not let myself. Always, I had believed that confronting fears was the only way to desensitize oneself to them. So, despite my eyes screaming as the bitter air and the horrid sights before me stung them, I kept them open wide so I could see.
The shrill screeches of the men dying and the gurgles of their throats breathing in only their own blood died away, and I felt the hunger in each Shadow not dissipate completely, or even slightly. Instead, it multiplied rapidly like an airborne plague between them all. Their heads jerked towards us, and each released a deep sigh of longing in unison. For a second, they all stood still, gazing at us longingly. Then, in a synchronized movement that startled me, they were crawling towards us. That sight was almost as horrifying as watching them band together to completely rip a man to shreds; some pulled themselves along blindingly fast with just their arms, and others crawled like four-legged spiders, all four limbs spread to their farthest reaches at shocking angles. Their heads twisted so that their faces were perfectly horizontal, their chins facing directly to the right or the left. Their white eyes with dark slashes of black inside widened to their farthest reaches.
I pushed my back harder against Adam and grasped his arm even tighter.
Shh... It is alright. He whispered, but now, I did hear a very quiet, very slight tremble in his voice. Brynna... whatever you do, do... not... scream.
I nodded, and yet when a particularly ugly Shadow lurched forward, coming within just centimeters of the end of our circle of light, I did begin to yelp, but Adam's hand flew up to cover my mouth before the sound could be heard by them.
My eyes rose to look at the flame burning at the end of the torch. Slowly, it was creeping towards the end that Adam was holding. I quickly went through the algorithms in my mind: The moon was out of sight, and the sky was a whole shade lighter than when I had last looked. We had approximately two hours until daylight. The fire seemed to be creeping down the torch at about three quarters of a millimeter per second. The stick was approximately seven feet long. It did not take a mathematical genius to interpret that data; the fire would reach Adam's hand before the sun rose to save us, and he would have no choice but to drop it, and then the light would extinguish, and we would be dead. As quickly as a bullet could pierce a skull, the hands of the Shadows would rip into us. But unlike a bullet in the head, we would not die quickly if it was the Shadows killing us. Instead, we would feel their clawed hands tearing into our skin, pulling out our hearts and lungs and intestines and whatever else they could find. Until the blood that was left in our veins ran out, until we could think and feel no more, we would feel the pain of being completely destroyed. That is what I saw when I cast my eye hesitantly into the future. But in looking forward, I did not feel the great weighted resignation that I knew I would feel if there were truly no other path besides the one on which we met our deaths. Instead, I felt the frantic churning of the cogs in my mind and the sudden arousal of all my senses once again. When I smelled the air, I could smell all the plants around me, and quickly, I sorted through those scents until I found the one I was searching for: the flare tree.
Adam, there is a flare tree about six yards from us. We need to...
Help me stand. He said, and carefully, I stood, watching my feet to make sure that they did not travel outside of the light circle. With one arm, I pulled Adam onto his feet, and he stumbled forward into me, nearly knocking us both to the ground. But when I started to fall backwards, he pulled my body so that it was pressed to his and steadied himself. My heart was pounding; I had come so close to falling out of the light circle.
Are you alright? He asked me.
Yes. Are you?
Yes.
I turned around and placed his arm over my shoulder, and he held the light as high as his painful injury would allow. Slowly, we hobbled in the direction of the smell, watching with alert eyes as the Shadows converged on us and retracted, hissing in frustration and fury, clawing the ground angrily.
As we passed by them, I crouched down to grab a backpack and a gun that laid beside what I assumed had once been one of the thugs; all I saw was a ripped open ribcage and what looked suspiciously (and disgustingly) like a disembodied spine. Then, my eyes took in the sight of one arm, broken in half, its fingers, all the flesh eaten off of each, clawing into the ground still. Around this mess of human debris, I saw and smelled an unthinkable amount of blood; it clung to the remains; it flowed outwards on the ground in a large, rapidly spreading circle; it was covering the trees with huge, screaming splatters. A few feet away, I saw a head, its eyes and mouth still opened wide to their farthest reaches, its scalp ripped off and its brain removed. In the darkness, it looked like it was simply made of wax like a grim Halloween decoration or a movie prop. I was beginning to dissociate; the trauma was becoming too much to bear.
Brynna... Stay with me now. Adam's voice warned me. We are running out of time.
I looked up at the torch to find that the flames were beginning to lick the top of his hand.
Oh, God... I whispered, Just do not drop it, Adam. We are almost there.
Even if he had been stronger, we would not have been able to move quickly because the flame would die away in the wind. But we were so close. All we had to do was go a few more feet...
Brynna, it is... It is burning me. I cannot hold it anymore...
Don't drop it, Adam. We're almost there! Give it to me!
No.
Yes!
No!
Then throw it! That way! I pointed, and he threw the torch in the direction I was pointing. The whole time it was in the air, I prayed that the flame would not extinguish. Even the eyes of the Shadows were fixated on it, and I wondered if they were praying in their minds for the exact opposite.
With dread, I watched the flame begin to die away in the wind.
This is it, I remember thinking, This is where it ends. They will be on us before we can even blink. Before we can even feel any disappointment or halfhearted surprise that this ridiculous plan didn't work... So stupid...
The stick clattered against the tree, now with only one feeble spark clinging to the charred wood.
I apparently had forgotten why the flare-tree had been so named. Its flammability was astounding, so astounding that even a tiny spark could ignite a full blaze.
Simultaneously, Adam and I dove in the direction of the tree, just as every Shadow lunged forward to grab us. By the time we hit the ground, the tree was a bright, screaming, blazing inferno. The light blinded them and sent them screeching back to wherever they had come from, and Adam and I were laughing, laughing hysterically, somewhat maniacally, lying on the ground in the leaves, watching them go, being warmed by the burning tree, and thinking, both of us, about how that tree being there had saved our lives, about how we were so lucky. The adrenaline was allowing him to laugh without pain, and he was thankful, I knew.
I reached over and grasped his hand, and he brought mine to his lips to kiss.
You are a warrior queen if ever I knew one, my dearest love.
I beamed at him, and we laughed some more. And as we laughed, I realized that I was unable to think of any compliment ever paid to me that made me feel so proud.
Or one that I had ever believed to be true as much.
***

We walked through the day, constantly looking over our shoulders for Old Spirits or any of the varying creatures of the forest. Adam was very tired and could not move his hand from the wound in his stomach now. His face was ghostly white, and he was sweating profusely; it was obvious that he was succumbing to a lethal fever. Just as the sun made its first move in the direction of the horizon, I sat him down against a tree and ignored his protests that we keep moving for a few more hours.
I am fine, Brynna. He told me somewhat angrily.
Oh, are you? That is nice. I replied before walking away from him to grab a small, thick log, about fifteen feet in length, that had fallen. My own body was beginning to shriek in protest at my continued movement, but night would be coming soon, and already, I could see my breath billowing out from me in the air. I could not imagine how much colder it would get that night, but my all-knowing mind warned me that we would more than likely come very close to freezing to death if I did not figure out a way to keep us warm. My mind wandered back to a camping expedition I had taken with Violet's Brownie tribe, or whatever they are called. My mother had been required to attend many congressional hearings that weekend, for there was much discord in the public after eighteen government workers, some of whom were Senators, Representatives, or staff members who worked for those two groups, were discovered to be passing along top-secret information to various countries. The trials ran into the weekend, so Maura and I were left chaperoning this trip. On it, Violet had watched in rapt, almost gleeful interest as wilderness experts taught her and her friends how to build fires and even an easy leaf-fort, as he called it, but I found out later through research of my own that it was actually called a debris hut.
With great effort, I lifted the log so that one end was stuck in the Y-fork of a sturdy tree. Then, I walked several feet and lifted the other end so that it was rested on the rotten trunk of a dead, blackened tree. I scanned all around for large rocks, and found many after a quick, feverish search. With several of those rocks, I secured the ends of the log on each of their foundations.
What are you doing? Adam asked me in utter confusion.
I am building us a shelter.
Well, it will not be very conspicuous, will it? He informed me, We have reason to believe from experience that there are Old Spirits lurking about in these woods, and you can bet our lives that they are searching for us. So, if your intent is to drape these blankets... He pulled two small blankets from the pack I had taken, over that log, then I must inform you that we will be found, most certainly.
Luckily, that was not my intention. Honestly, Adam, do you think me so foolish? I may be tired, but I am not tired to the point of being suicidal. Watch and learn.
For at least forty-five minutes, I walked around the woods, searching for as many sticks that were about three feet long as I could find. When I returned to his sight, he did not chuckle, but instead, laughed heartily; my face was obscured behind the huge pile in my hands. After a moment, the sound choked off, and I could almost hear the moan he refused to let out.
Tell me what you are doing, and I will help you. He said quietly after a moment.
No. It is a surprise. I replied airily, so that he knew I was merely saying that to keep him sitting down. He chuckled.
Fine. Have it your way. I am enjoying watching you work.
Are you being perverted? I snapped at him as I placed each long stick at an angle against the log. After they were all set up, I sighed heavily and stretched, but that caused more pain than it alleviated.
Of course not. Whatever gave you that idea?
I contemplated briefly throwing a huge handful of leaves at him. Instead, I ignored his comment.
Eat that pouch of dried fruit in the bag.
You expect me to eat these lumps of sugar made to look like fruit pieces?
I am sorry, are you on a diet? I do not wish to tempt you with sugar. I do apologize.
If by diet, you mean that I avoid food that is borderline lethal, then yes, I am on a diet.
Oh, God or Gods, you are such a stereotype of a woman! I exclaimed, as I began to throw leaves over top of the structure. The sticks placed all along the sides kept them from falling into where we would be sleeping that night.
How about this? I asked him, Either you eat it, or you can sleep out here tonight?
Alone?
Of course, alone! I replied, Why would I give up sleeping in this luxurious shelter simply because you are a picky eater? Use your head, sir.
I do apologize. I watched him shove a handful of the fruit into his mouth and cringe. By the one God, you humans have no sense of taste! Why must you season and sweeten everything!?
You are such a drama queen right now, I am going to start calling you 'Violet.' Drink some of the bottled water, too.
He muttered something under his breath, and I stood up quickly so I could glare at him over the top of the shelter.
What's that, Violet?! I snapped in absolutely undeniable aggravation.
I said nothing, my dear.
That is what I thought.
 The sun had long since disappeared by the time I had thrown all the leaves that were necessary on top of the shelter. Carefully, I maneuvered Adam inside and then followed him in to find that in the realm of makeshift shelters, I had constructed a penthouse apartment. It was large enough that I could sit up, and from the outside, it looked like nothing more than a pile of leaves. Before I had set up the sticks that comprised the walls, I had cleared out all the leaves and bugs that I had found, and once I was inside, I spread out one blanket so we would not have to sleep on the dirt.
Where did you learn to do this? Adam asked me incredulously.
I went with Violet on a camping trip once. It was with this organization that she belonged to when she was younger. During that trip, they learned a lot about surviving in the wilderness, and one of the things that she loved the most was when one man built a shelter just like this. Though, I must say, mine is far better.
I am not surprised by that. Brynna, I am most impressed. You truly are all-knowing, aren't you?
All-knowing is a relative term, but I certainly do know much. I smiled at him before extracting the bottle of water from the pack.
You must drink that. Your skin is very pale. Adam told me breathlessly, and when he went to sit up, I laid him back down.
Have you looked at your wound today? I asked him delicately.
No. Now, drink that water. You demanded that I eat and drink, and now I demand the same of you.
You are demanding that I drink this? I asked, as I raised his shirt.
I tried to keep my face impassive. Believe me, I did. But my hand flew up to cover my mouth and my eyes widened when I saw it. Like rivers jutting off from a set point in every direction, red lines streaked from the wound. Dirt had mixed into it, so the blood covering his abdomen was almost black in color. My shaking hands went to touch the wound and then retracted, knowing that any more bacteria getting inside would surely end him; even one single bacterium falling inside would do it, I thought.
Frantically, I tore through the bag we had taken, knowing that if they were wise (which past experience told me they were not) the Old Spirits would have brought with them at least a few items from a First Aid Kit. But alas, I had emptied the bag of all its contents; we had two bags of dried soup that required water to make, what remained of the water, a tiny flashlight that was being used already to light our makeshift shelter, and two blankets.
There were no other bags. This was all they brought. I told him, Either that, or I have missed something.
No. You have not missed anything. They were hunting. While you were asleep, I watched them clumsily cut up a rabbit they had found and cook it for far less time than what is recommended. At least we can hope that they are suffering the wildly unpleasant intestinal side effects of consuming undercooked meat.
I would laugh, Adam, but at this point...
I know, my attempts to lighten the mood are wearing thin. I do apologize.
Aren't you in pain? I asked him somewhat angrily, How are you still this chipper? Judging by the look of it, it looks like you have balled up a mixture of mud, animal waste, and live staph bacteria and rubbed it into your wound. God, what about tents? How could they not have brought tents?
I gathered that they did not expect to find us. It is very possible that they were only doing a sweep of the woods for one day only, and that they just luckily stumbled upon us.
We walked for a very long time. Unless they had started searching immediately after the city was destroyed, they would not have found us in one day.
After the city was destroyed, what else was there to do but search for survivors? Their blood-lust was strong. Apparently, it could not be satisfied by killing thousands of my people with a weapon that never should have been made...
He trailed off, seeming to have surprised himself for actually saying that, or for actually showing his true despair, even if it was for so short a moment that I would have missed it had I not been listening closely.
Adam... I started.
No. He held up his hand to stop me and shook his head, I have tormented myself over it in my mind, for I deserve to be tormented. My people... So many innocent lives have been lost in this war. I never thought my people or my city could fall. I thought myself invincible. I thought us invincible. And now, here we are.
I had ripped off a piece of the blanket and poured water onto it. Without warning him, I pressed the soggy cloth to his wound as gently as I could, and still, I hurt him. His hand jerked out and grasped my wrist out of reflex.
It is alright. I told him, Just relax.
He released his grip and laid back, and he seemed to be soothed by the cold water against the wound.
Stay here. I think I saw that tree with the sap that your doctors told us has antibacterial qualities.
The bacteria is already there, my dear.
Then an antibacterial sap will kill it, my dear.
Do not go out in the rain in search of a tree that only grows in the north.
You could have just said, 'Brynna, you are mistaken. Those trees only grow in the north.' I am starting to realize why people become so angry when I am condescending and sarcastic.
My aim was not to condescend. Well, maybe slightly, but not in a malicious way. I simply do not want for you to go out into this storm on my behalf...
I crawled out of the hut with ease because he had told me not to go. I heard a loud exclamation of incredulous exasperation and mild annoyance, which I promptly ignored.
The rain was mixed with icy shards that projected downwards from the sky like tiny pieces of shrapnel. Looking all around me for signs of attackershuman, human-like, or otherwiseI quickly walked to the tree I had seen. I closed my eyes again, silently acknowledging that I was using my power in consecutive attempts to See, something that I had never done before. In this case, I was summoning my knowledge of the smells in Dr. Terry's office, where I had visited him multiple times for chats, but never for visits, as my health remained determinedly strong. One day, he had explained to me that Elixir was not the only magical healing plant that grew in the fertile soil on Pangaea. One tree, he said, bled sap every day when the sun went down. In the present, I raised my head up and smelled the air; from my knowledge that it could not have been that long ago, and by the way that there were still remaining particles of sunlight, as I liked to call them, clinging to the air that I could smell, it had not been that long since the sun had set. The tree I was standing in front of was gushing black, foul-smelling sap. I remembered that Dr. Terry had told me the sap smelled terribly. So two variables checked out: The sap only left the tree right after dusk, and the sap smelled badly.
I did not have time to consider the other variables which I knew could spell disaster for Adam in theory. But by the gentle grasp of warmth within my chest, I knew that I had found a temporary solution to our debacle; I knew that warmth was my instinct telling me that the sap was exactly what I had been hoping to find.
I placed my hand right up against the bark of the tree and let the sticky sap pour until a copious amount heavy in weight was there in my palms. Then, I hurried back to the shelter, which I had to awkwardly crawl into without using my hands.
Brynna, you are soaked!
That happens when one goes out in a heavy downpour. I replied quickly, Turn over onto your back, and don't you dare make a lewd comment from that.
He chuckled, and I narrowed my eyes at him.
I would not have said it, but like a typical male, I would have thought it. And most scintillating thoughts they would have b...
I am going to punch you square in your wound and then use this sap from the tree that only grows in the north on my own injuries.
That time, when he replied with his trademark chuckle, it was slightly more hysterical. I knew that not by the sound rising but by the way his body tensed and his hands came forward to grab the wound.
Do not touch it.
After lifting his shirt again, I dabbed two of my fingers into the rounded mass of sap in my hands. Pulling a small amount away from that mass resulted in long strings of the sticky substance following the lost portion all the way over to Adam's wound.
Does your hand feel better? He asked me as I used my burned hand to rub the mixture into his injury.
It does, actually. Does your stomach feel better?
Not yet, but it will. I insist still that these trees do not grow when the weather is this warm.
So you think that I am poisoning you with some foreign sap? Or rather, uselessly rubbing common tree sap into your wound, which could perhaps worsen your infection or maybe cause a small shrub to begin growing directly out of your abdomen?
There are no seeds in sap, so no growing could occur. You must try to avoid making such silly mistakes in conversation, my dear Brynna.
I turned my head on the side and frowned jokingly at him again. He grinned back at me.
That is enough. That is fine. Good. He told me when I went to keep applying the sap, You must use some, as well.
No, you need it more than I do.
This is plenty, what you have given me. Come. Turn so I can see your injuries.
There is not much left, and the sap was already beginning to dry while I was there gathering it, and I am not going out in the rain again. Absentmindedly, as I spoke, I helped pull him up into a sitting position. I was able to do so absentmindedly because it did not require as much physical effort now that he was in significantly less pain.
The effects of the sap are only temporary, are they not? I asked.
They are. He replied as he took some of the sap from my hands into his, But still, you worry about my wound becoming infected...
It is infected.
My wound being infected, He corrected himself, But you worry not about suffering a similar infection of your own. May I move this? He asked, and his finger looped underneath of my shirt up at the shoulder where my burns, I realized suddenly, were very violently stinging.
Yes. Well, I will just take my arm out. 
The hairband that had been tying my hair back since we had left the city was now holding the front of my shirt closed, because I had used it to tie a large wad of the fabric right in the middle of my chest. My breasts were covered, but my stomach was exposed. I pulled the hair band off and quickly held the two sides of the shirt closed. Looking back at him, I murmured, Do not be perverted, only to find that he was already respectfully looking away. Carefully, because the pain was growing worse every minute, I maneuvered my arm out of the sleeve and then pulled the shirt underneath of my arm so it could cover my chest again. The burn was spread from the very top of my shoulder down to the bottom of my shoulder blade, so Adam attempting to pull my shirt out of the way while also applying the sap to the burn would have been far too much trouble. Just removing that side of the shirt made the job easier for him. 
Well, say something. I said softly, because the silence and my new vulnerability were making me want to run from the shelter into the frigid hail and rain. Talk about something, Adam. Let us discuss something.
May I choose the subject?
Only if it is a subject I wish to discuss.
Alright, then. Tell me something about your life on Earth.
I looked back at him, and he grinned.
Here I thought you were going to ask my opinion on the state of affairs here, or this strange weather, or the healing properties of other plants in the forest. But alas, you went personal.
And I sense that me 'going personal,' as you say, is not disturbing to you. At least, not right now.
No. So, you want to know something about my life on Earth?
Yes.
I hated spinach from the can. It looked like grass. Or seaweed. And it smelled terrible. I also only liked Salingers Catcher in the Rye because the narrative voice in my head was so humorously boyish. Boyish and ridiculous.
You are so bitingly humorous this evening. He told me incredulously, and I only grinned in response. His fingers lightly trailed over my back. And how strange, I was not a fan of Salingers most well-known work, myself.
Youve read it?
Of course. Like you, I do so love reading.
Really? I looked back at him, I never could have guessed that.
Do I strike you as uneducated? He asked, sounding jokingly bemused. I must work on that.
No. I actually giggled softly before immediately covering my mouth. I heard one of his soft laughs behind me and felt his breath on my back. Do you have a favorite book?
No. Do you?
Of course not. There are too many that have changed me or at the very least, affected me strongly. It would be like picking a favorite child.
Exactly. I have tried to explain that very notion to many over the years, and none can understand.
Have you? I asked, looking back at him again. I tried to picture him, this fearsome leader, with his endless power and not well-hidden capability for terrible violence, sitting amongst a group of acquaintances, discussing his views on literature. The image did not fit him when I first constructed it in my mind, but then, slowly, I became accustomed to its strangeness and could accept it as true.
You are surprised by that.
I am.
Why?
I dont know. It just surprises me. Arent there things about me that surprise you?
Oh, my dear He grinned, You cannot even begin to know.
I blinked at him for several seconds.
Are you being perverted? 
No. He laughed softly again, For once, I am not.
What about me surprises you? Just out of curiosity.
Well, let us see Your love for Penny and Violet. The way you care for them. The way you are so willing to sacrifice your own wellbeing for their sakes. That is a tendency far beyond your years. Your knowledge and wisdom, also so far beyond your years. Your ability to tolerate He-Whose-Name-You-Glare-At-Me-For-Mentioning
I did glare at him, and his grin grew wider.
Your glare surprises me. It is intimidating.
I hear that from people of all ages.
I am sure you do. I jumped and exclaimed loudly in pain when he massaged the back of my neck, and he startled behind me, moving his hands down quickly to grasp my shoulders. Several times, he apologized, his arms wrapped around me as tears of pain I could not fight fell from my eyes. 
Oh, Brynna... Why did you not tell me you were in such pain? 
His lips pressed delicately to my shoulder, and I startled; his lips had not made contact with any part of my body since they were pressed to my own while we were awaiting our deaths. My nerve endings remembered vividly his kiss; it had sent wave after wave of some gentle light throughout me, and that light had calmed me. It had pushed the fears of death I inherently had to the back of my mind, where they could not cause me any emotional discomfort.
I will be fine. I told him somewhat brusquely.
I wish there was something I could do for you. I am still too weak to heal either myself or you. But if I could choose...
I know.
You know that I would choose you?
I looked back at him and nodded.
Strangely enough, yes. I do know that.
For several long moments, we looked at each other, knowing my acknowledgment of that was far more significant than we could realize then, and yet we both realized it. I understood that my feelings for him had completely changed. While I was being attacked, he had threatened my attackers with violence in order to stop them from hurting me. He had allowed me to sleep with my head on his shoulder while he kept watch. He had known my fear, and he had held me while the Shadows had swarmed around us, waiting so impatiently for their opportunity to rip us to shreds. Now, he was telling me that he was more concerned about my well-being than he was about his own. James had shown me many times that he would put my life before his, but never before had he been terribly wounded, and hanging on by the tips of his fingers to life. Only when one had reached that point, where the end was not only visible, but it was crystal clear, could a sacrifice for another resonate so profoundly.
But in his eyes, there was more than just concern for my physical state. He knew that inside me, yet another tumultuous, category-five storm was wreaking havoc, leaving only destruction in its path. All day long, I had been focused on finding the group. When yet another day had yielded still more disappointment on that front, I had shifted my focus to another worthy goal: Building us shelter for the night that would keep us safe from our foes, human or otherwise. Disappointment had been trumped in that circumstance, as I had succeeded in constructing such a structure for our use. Now, when all was said and done, when it was just him and me, turning in for the long, cold night, I had nowhere left to run. The fear, disgust, fury, and self-loathing were hatching from their shells and beginning their hellish reign over me. If one believes that those emotions could not possibly overpower me or anyone else, then one does not know the effects of an experience like what Adam and I survived. The mind, or my mind, at least, focuses not on the picture as a whole but on many small fragments of it. I remembered my father beating me and saying that he would kill me if it would bring my brother back; my face throbbed, and I became aware for the first time that day that my left eye was swollen almost completely shut, and that my lips were too large and tasted sickeningly of metal. I remembered the pain of the thorn-covered vine; every slash or puncture-wound made by the vine or the thorns, respectively, seemed to burn in response to that particular memory.
But the worstthe absolute worstwas the memory of the weight of that man's body on top of my own. For a moment too lucid to be believed, I could feel that weight, crushing my fragile bones and stealing my breath. I could remember vividly the fear that had been wailing like an air-raid siren in my heart and head. More than anything else, I remembered how hateful my inner-diatribe had become, and how that vitriol was not aimed at my almost-rapist, or Rich, or Tyre, or my father, but at me. Only at me, against all logic.
I had not shot those men the moment I had gotten the gun. I had not fought Paul when he had appeared behind us. I had not kept my mouth shut. I had fought them even when I knew that doing so would increase the severity of the pain they would inflict upon me. I had let myself fall into the same situation that I had promised myself I would never fall into again; I was being abused in the same way in which I swore I would never be abused again. 
Adam grasped my shoulders very gently, and yet my entire body jumped. My self-righteous tendencies sprung to life and began to wildly point their fingers at him in their evilly valiant efforts to quell the self-loathing I felt so strongly.
Adam had been injured. Adam had not helped me fight. Adam had not helped us escape. Adam had not been able to move quickly enough.
What did I do in response to those thoughts? Well, at first, I almost acted on the anger they prodded to life inside of me. But then, in a move so sudden that it shocked us both, I turned around and flung myself towards him. Instantly, my arms wrapped around his neck, and my face buried inside of them. I breathed him in; through the smell of his sweat, I could still smell his normal, intoxicating scent, and it calmed me.
One of his arms was behind my lower back, and the other was up around my shoulders. Soothingly, he smoothed my soaking wet hair in the back. For a long time, he did not say anything. But my heart was beating so hard and fast against his, my breathing was becoming shallower, and my body was trembling even more severely now.
Shh... He whispered in my ear, You are safe now, Brynna. Do not fear them, for you are safe. Right here, He tightened his arms around me, You are safe. You are safe. You are safe.
No other words could have possibly mattered, and he knew that. My eyes that were squeezed tightly shut released, and I found that I was nodding, and my heart was calming.
He almost... and Dad was... and Dad
No, my love. Because I was clinging to him so tightly, he was able to lift me while I was still attached to his front. After rising onto his knees, he moved us back so we could lie on the blankets, side by side.
No! I was unable to stop myself from crying out when he went to let go of me.
I am not letting go. I am right here. I am staying right here with you. He kissed my forehead, and then pulled away so I was looking at him. After our eyes had met, he placed his hand on my face, and whispered gently yet emphatically, It was not your fault. None of it. Alright?
That time, when I nodded, I did so out of reflex, not because I truly believed what he was saying.
No. I want you to say it to me, out loud. Say, 'It was not my fault.'
It... I started, but my tongue seemed to swell, and the words became lodged in the back of my throat, choking me. It... It... Adam, I can't say it!
I was so confused by my inability to say such a simple thing. Even if I did not believe something, I could still say it, at least under normal circumstances. I was frustrated, also, that I could not say such a simple phrase.
It is alright. He told me, It is alright, sweetheart. You do not have to say it now. But I want you to keep it in your mind, and I am sure that one day, you will come to see that I am right.
It happened before. I blurted out before I could stop myself. My hands actually flew up to my mouth; I could not believe that I had just spilled my darkest secret to him! How could I have said it? How could I have admitted it out loud to a man whom I had so hated mere days earlier?
Here? He asked, and I could hear a slight tremor in his voice. He did not think that I could see it in the darkness, but his eyes became tinged with tiny flecks of red.
No. I shook my head vigorously, On Earth.
There was a heavy silence between us, and I could not stand it. The only way to rectify silence was to speak, so I spoke. I did not let his arms let go of me, nor did he try to let go of me.
And my mother sent him to jail, and there was a huge trial because of who she was, and he went to jail for a very long time, though I do not remember the exact number of years. I did not tell my mother about the episodes I was having, though I did not know even to call them that then. I just knew that I would lose focus and a sense of where I was and what I was doing, and by the time I came back around, time had passed. It was like... I shook my head slightly as I tried to formulate the right phrases to explain it, It was almost as though time did not exist in a straight line anymore. It jutted out in all these different directions, and every time I lost sight of the line I was on, I'd end up on some completely different line. So, she didn't know about it, and she said...
I stopped.
Go on, darling. He urged me so gently that I could not help but continue.
So, she said that she had to run out, but just for a little while, an hour at the most. And Lucien had been asking all day to play in the pool, and she felt badly, so she asked if I would watch him. I had to make sure that I didn't take my eyes off of him for even a second. And I said I would. I never had those episodes during the day; I suppose that was because Michael had never done it during the day. And I didn't even feel it coming on. I didn't slip away; I fell, completely suddenly, into that place, whatever place it was... I corrected myself quickly, whatever place it is. When I came back around, I saw that the sky was darker, and then... and then I saw... the blood in the water, and... and he was face-down, and then my dad was yelling, but first, Elijah and I had tried to bring him back, but his face was blue, and his eyes were still open a little, and I thought...
I stopped again.
I cannot say this. I told him.
Yes, you can.
I cannot.
Brynna... His hand grasped my face again, You can.
I looked at him and realized that I believed him once again.
I thought that they would be very sad, but that they would understand.
He was silent for a very long time. My gaze diverted from his, wondering, in my paranoid, guilty, way, if he was judging me, and if he was judging me, whether his judgment ruled me good or evil.
But that is not what happened, is it? He asked, and when I heard how gently he asked, I knew that there was no way that he thought me evil. If he felt the same way that my parents had, he would be speaking to me in the same harsh tone they used, or he would not be speaking to me at all anymore. He would not be able to look at me. He would have unwrapped his arms from around me. I knew the consequences of harsh judgment; I had experienced them for over ten years.
No. My father came home first, and he was screaming at Lucien to come back. Then, he was screaming at me. He had never raised his voice to me before. And my mother came home, and she was in shock at first, I think, and then she was sobbing so loudly, and screaming, too, but not words. And when she looked at me... I almost cringed visibly as I remembered that look on her face. After so many years, after forgetting her otherwise, I could still remember that terrible look.
When she looked at me, all of that warmth, all of that concern, all of those promises she had made to help me through what had happened, all of it... It was just gone. Just like that, it was like all of that had never existed, and I was dead to her. I was dead to them both. My father started using me as a tool to physically expel his fury at Lucien's death and his frustrations in every other aspect of his life. My mother became a drunk who said but a handful of words to me over the course of almost thirteen years. Maura tried to be there for me, but I did not make it easy for her, which was most likely because I suspected her kindness as being an absolution.
An absolution? For what did she need absolution?
Michael was her husband.
And she was blind to what he was?
Oh, no, she was not blind. I actually smiled to myself and laughed bitterly. I suppose you could say that she was deaf. She would be in the house when it happened. You can imagine the racket I made. So Maura covered her ears. I rubbed my eyes. I should not be telling you all of this. It is ancient history. It is just a collection of sad, terrible events that truly do not mean anything now. All of this pales in comparison to everything else. Look at us, Adam. We are in the middle of a war. Earth is gone, completely destroyed. Except for us 'lucky' survivors, everyone is dead. Billions upon billions of peopledead. And I'm complaining about a sick man and my parents, who acted as any parent would have... When I looked at him, I frowned. Do not pity me, Adam. Like I said, there are many other things over which we may grieve, and this is not one of them. This all happened a long, long time ago, and like I said, anyone would have reacted that way. He was their baby. He was the light of their lives, and if you had known him, you would understand. I understand. Really. I nodded, I can see why my father hates me, and I can see why my mother could not look at or speak to me. He was... My throat clenched, but I took a breath and actually smiled, He was perfect. I took away their most perfect creation.
You did not deserve such cruelty. I do not doubt what you are saying about him; I can see that he had your love in abundance. But you did not deserve to be treated that way. He told me, and his anger was not well masked, Your brother's death was a terrible accident, but you never should have been left alone when you had suffered a trauma like that at such a young age. They should not have left your side for anything or anyone else in your world, mine, or any other.
They should not have, but they did. God, I think of him so often, Adam. Not a day goes by that I don't see his face. Both of his faces, I should say. When I see his beautiful, vibrant, smiling face, it is always followed by the one after we pulled him from the water. I can still remember that he had the goggles around his neck, and he was wearing Spider-Man swim trunks... He had been so proud of those. When we had seen them in the store, he begged Maura to buy them. He had her wrapped around his finger. Well, he had all of us wrapped around his finger. The tears rushed into my eyes so quickly that I could not stop them. Two trickled down my face, but I swiped them away quickly. We need to change the subject. I cannot talk about him, don't you see? This is why. I cannot control myself when I talk about him.
You loved him very much. I can see that. Brynna... He brought my hands to his lips so he could kiss both. You have my deepest sympathy and my warmest feelings of love. I am so sorry that you lost your brother, and that you have been forced for so long to believe that it was your fault.
Thank you. I appreciate that, Adam. But we need to talk about something else. I know that you think this is beneficial for therapeutic reasons, but I cannot discuss this anymore. Ask me something else. Or rather, let me ask you to explain something to me further.
What is that?
About the powers. All of them.
The powers of the Four-Armed God? He asked, The evolution, as you all call it.
What else?
Well, there is much to tell. Is there anything specific that is puzzling you?
There is much, but my power, specifically, makes me ask the most befuddling questions. What is it? Is it just this telepathy and these random moments of foresight? Or that random moment when I was able to control their minds back there?
Brynna, you should not be asking what can you do with your power; you should be asking what cant you do? I coveted and still covet your power because there is no limit to it. The mind is the epicenter of us all, though my more sentimental-minded citizens, especially those who are Ares, would say that it is the heart that is the epicenter. They would be wrong. When you venture into the minds of others, if you go far enough, you can read their hearts, can you not?
Yes. I can.
There you go. You have one of the powers of the Ares. Being one of us makes you strong like the Herculians. And the Dionysians Well, there are so few of them, and you do not want what they have, anyway.
Theyre the ones no one talks about. I heard something about that once from some of the others. When I was working in the kitchen, Eugeneia told us many of your tales, but she was very vague about them.
Yes. That is because all of us, but especially Eugeneia, try to pretend that they do not exist. They are in hiding. Most of them are amongst the Old Spirits now. I know there are none where we are headed, because the leader there simply will not tolerate them. They tempt others, Brynna. They prey on the weak. They prey on those who are grieving their lost loved ones by offering those loved ones back. They barter with those who have nothing to give, and those who have nothing to give barter with their lives. The Dionysians can only prey on the most desperate, and they can only grant the wishes of the desperate if the desperate can pay up a sum or complete some terrible deed on their orders. There is no denying it; they are all of the lowest moral caliber. They all simply prey on those who would do anything for something or someone.
Well, I am certainly glad I have not encountered them. But how do they deliver on the promises that they make to desperate people? You said that they offer loved ones who have been lost to those who lost them. How can they possibly deliver on that?
His eyes met mine, and they were dark, perhaps darker than I had ever seen them. I shuddered slightly, and absentmindedly, he reached out and rubbed my arms quickly to create friction, thinking I was merely chilled by the cold outside.
They deliver because they are in league with darkness. They pull the deceased back from the Beyond and bring them back here. But they cannot, even with all their dark powers, bring the deceased back completely. They bring back fragmented souls. Shadows. And that is the most despicable part of their whole shady business: They cannot deliver, so they must trick and lie. They are merely gypsies, or genies: if you do not ask specifically enough, they will not deliver, and even if you do ask specifically enough, they do not tell you that they are incapable of delivering in the way that you wish them to deliver. He paused for a long time, and I looked at him, studying the way his hard, masculine features were so utterly expressionless even though I knew a personal revelation was coming. And come, it did.
A very, very long time ago, when I had lost something so precious to me In fact, this was the most precious of all things In my grief, I sought a Dionysian. In disguise, I went deep into the underbelly of one of Tyres cities and found one who is known to be quite skilled. If anyone can bring back someone completely, it is him. But instead of bringing this person back to me, he took all the money I offered, and resurrected a shell. In the process, I stopped him, and sent this precious person back to the other side. And when I demanded to know, because I did not already know in my naivety, why he had taken my money when he could not possibly bring her back to life completely, he just laughed and said, Because Rexprimus, never once did I promise you perfection; I simply promised resurrection. In my rage, in my grief, I blinded him. I would have killed him had I not been spotted by Tyres ever-vigilant citizens. I barely escaped, and her body was left behind.
Who was it, Adam?
That is unimportant, my dear. He said, and he squeezed my hand to tell me that it was alright that I had asked. The important thing is, because I was driven mad by grief, I abandoned my judgment, and by abandoning my judgment, I allowed that despicable creature to convince me he could return one I had lost to me. He was not sorry that he could not do it, and none of them ever have been. The Dionysians pride themselves on their ability to feel nothing in the face of anothers grief and desperation. In fact, they enjoy grief and desperation. It is a game to them. Plus, they feed on it. It is their life-source.
You mean that they will die if they do not make those deals?
Yes. They will wither away and die, and we would all be better off. But alas, we will never see the last of them. They are a resilient bunch. Evil is resilient, as you very well know. He looked at me, Now your people, on the other hand, were the most benevolent of souls, even with their endless powers. Yours is the power of all powers, as I have said. Whatever you want, you can make happen, because you can channel your knowledge and logic to make it happen. You can see backwards, forwards, sideways, up, and down All possibilities. All outcomes. And you can see into minds, and further than that, you can see into hearts. That is why you are invaluable, Brynna. Well He reached out and grasped my hand gently in both of his, That and so many other things.
You are just so complimentary tonight, King Adam.
It is not just tonight. I compliment you frequently, but you are always too angry with me to acknowledge it. You are always so spiteful that you simply respond with barbs that wound my old heart terribly.
Yes, I am sure you are just mortally wounded by all that I say.
I am. Alright, it is now my turn to ask a question, and the one I have in mind is one I have wanted to ask for a very long time now.
Oh, boy 
How long did you live alone on Earth? The first report I received of you stated that you were living alone in a sizeable apartment in the District of Columbia. 
I left home when I was eighteen. My father made me leave. My mother didnt stop him.
So, you lived on your own for four years? All alone?
Yes. Do not sound so surprised. And actually, I was not alone. I had Penny there ninety percent of the time.
And your parents never visited?
Dizziness throttled my brain as I remembered the pounding on the door in the middle of the night The blood, the pain, the sickness Everything is going to be okay, everything is going to be okay, everything is going to be okay
My mom didnt. I managed to say, but I had to close my eyes for a minute. 
Are you alright? Have I said something to upset you? I am sorry, Brynna, I did not intend
No. This happens sometimes. I get dizzy and nauseous, and if we were still on Earth, I would assume that I was succumbing to a brain tumor or aneurysm, but since we are here
Let me see your hand.
He took it before I could reach out to him and pressed the tips of his fingers to the pulsing vein in my wrist.
Your heart beat is very quick. You are merely suffering another fit of panic. You never saw a doctor for this?
I do not need medication, Adam. I can handle it on my own.
No, not for medication. Did you not see a doctor so he or she could tell you that you were not dying?
No. When I thought I was dying, I would just wrap myself in my comforter and try to breathe normally. Sometimes they would go away easily. Other times, they would last all night.
And there was no one you could call? No one who would come see you through it?
Well I said, remembering her voice, so soft, so gentle, and how I had been so confused and impressed by her ability to calm me so effortlessly. 
Come on, baby. Come with me. Lets go get some air. And she would lead me onto the fire escape, where we would sit, smoking cigarettes, as I asked her as calmly as I could to just tell me about her day, her colleagues, her family, the traffic, the weather, anything, while my head was rested underneath of hers.
Turn on your side. Thats it. And her thumbs would begin to knead in between my shoulder blades as her fingers tightened on my shoulders. I would actually expel a deep breath as she worked the tension out of my shoulders. 
Lets take a bath. And she would take me into the bathroom and gently take my clothes off, cigarette hanging from her lips that had lost all their coloring because her lipstick was lightly covering the parts of my face or my own lips where she had kissed me. 
Rachel. I said to Adam.
A friend of yours?
I actually smiled slightly.
Yes. You could say that. A very good friend.
Is that a double entendre, Brynna Olivier? Was this Rachel more than a friend?
So what if she was? I challenged him, and I began to feel my anger rising.
There is nothing wrong with that. Of course not. I was just unaware that you possessed such proclivities, for lack of a better term.
I like who I like. What more do you need to know? I love who I love, and at a time in my life when I had no one, I loved her, and I am confident that were she alive today, I would love her still. I was not interested in men at the time, or boys my own age, nor was I interested in women until she came to my door begging to take me out to lunch so we could talk about my mother. I knew who she was, because I had seen pictures on her website. She and a friend ran a very popular political website. So I assumed, of course, when things became physical between her and I that she was merely looking for a story. But I could not stay away from her, nor could she stay away from me. Every time I wanted to end things because I was afraid that she would betray me for the sake of a story someday, I couldnt do it, and it lasted for three years. In my peripheral vision, I could see that his eyes were utterly fixated on me. He was transfixed by my story. I swore that I could never love anyone. I thought for sure that something was dysfunctional in me that would not allow me to love another person. But when I was with Rachel, I realized that I simply could not trust men, and I believed that I could not love them, either. But I know now that thats not true. I am not a lesbian, Adam, nor am I a heterosexual person. I am nothing. Or maybe I am everything. Or maybe I am nothing. I do not know. All I know is that I am Brynna Olivier. I am me.
That is utterly beautiful. He said to me, and when I looked at him to see if he was being sarcastic, I was stunned to see nothing but admiration in his eyes. By the one God, you are the most fascinating woman I have ever met, Brynna Olivier. There is no end to your surprises. The variety of your life experiences, the tragedies and triumphs, both, have led to a depth of wisdom that startles even me.
Startles?
Yes. That is a compliment in every regard, Brynna. I have lived for years upon this Orb, and never once have I met someone, at the tender human age of twenty-three, who thinks, reasons, and feels like you. I do not know even many in their thousands who can be so wise so easily. It is shocking to me, almost jarring, that someone I have never seen before in all my thousands of years can exist. Rarities are more than rare at my age; they are unheard of, absolutely. And yet here you are. The only one of your kind with the Greatest Power. The last of the Athenes. The rarest of rarities.
Oh, stop I said, and I could feel how warm my face was.
Yes, I know. You do so loathe compliments, despite how true they are. Let us return to your story, for there is a part of it that disturbs me, and it is that you said were she still alive. What happened to her?
A chill came over me. I looked off in the distance, remembering one of her coworkers telling me through his tears. 
She died. I said, To this day, I believe my father had her killed. When I told this story to James, I left out the part about my sordid affair with a female journalist, though to even call it that is an injustice. It was so much more than that. But I told James that Rachel had a story that was exponentially damning, and she had the proof to support that story. I told James that I thought she had found out about the end of our world coming as a result of my parents actions, and she had been monitoring the nuclear tensions closely at the time. Very closely. Like, she was about to infiltrate Europe through England, first, to get their side of the story, but I told her I would absolutely murder her before they could, so she did not go. But the story that she had was my story, and she had me to back it up. My goal was to destroy both of their careers, force them into bankruptcy and misery, and for my mother to drink herself to death and my father to jump out of the top floor of his office like those bankers in the thirties, but instead, I got my girlfriend of three years killed, and there was no proof to support that she had been murdered. She and her partner simply dropped dead on the same day, and the conspiracy theorists had a field day, as they say. Of course they did, but no one sensible would listen. I dont know why I am telling you all of this.
Because you have told no one else, and you have just survived a traumatic experience during which you thought your life would end. No one would have heard this beautiful and tragic story, Brynna. But I want to hear it, and you want to tell me. So, go on.
There is not much else to it. Two of my friendsmy only friendsand I were investigating, trying to find evidence, because like some comic book heroine, I swore to avenge her. At first, I told my parents I would tell my story anyway, but they knew I was lying. They knew they had crippled me by taking her away. And do you want to know the sickest part of it all, Adam? My mother said to me I stopped and swiped at my eyes quickly when I thought I had felt tears. And I will remember it verbatim for all of the days that I am alive, that she said, We saw you skipping around town with her. Making a mockery of us. Humiliating your father and me. Shaming your brother by skipping around town with her like you didnt have a care in the world. All your sick little dinner dates, all the times you were leaving movies or bars or wherever else people like the two of you go, all the nights they got pictures of you two leaving your apartment or going back to your apartment, and you were grinning like you didnt have a care in the world. Like your brothers blood isnt still on your hands even after all these years. And she finished that long monologue, the first long set of sentences she had spoken to me in years with, When will you understand that you dont deserve to be happy? So, the sickest part of the whole saga is that I think they took her away not for the story we were going to tell, but because she made me happy. Somehow, she made me smile. And God, she didnt have it easy. I certainly was not easy to get along with. She gave and gave, and I gave nothing back to her but distrust and mood swings. Of course, I was happy once in a while, but I was still so broken. I dont know. I was something. And the strangest thing is, she didnt care. She didnt love me any less. She got frustrated; she was human. But she never gave up on me. At her funeral, I thought of all the things I had wanted to say to her, and at the same time, I thought how pathetic it was that I was saying them to a damn headstone. To a damn pile of dirt and a damn buried casket. But I held it together. Until I got home, that is. And that is the second to last time I cried.
What was the last?
It was the first Christmas after she had died. She was always ahead of the game for Christmas. She started shopping for Penny on New Years for the following year. As I was putting the gifts that she had gotten out for Penny, I was smiling, and I had a few tears, but I wasnt crying. I was just so happy, because they were so perfect, and I knew Penny would be so excited. It was on Christmas night, though, that I cried, because
I remembered the ringing of the doorbell. The package on my doorstep. Looking up the hallway and seeing a flash of another womans red coat. 
I dont want to talk about this anymore, Adam. I suddenly do not feel right. 
Very well. Let us lighten the conversation. Tell me about Penny.
I smiled just at the thought of her.
My sweet little Penny. Well, Penny was born as compensation for the child they lost, but my mother had no interest in her and my father started spending most of his time 'out of town,' so Penny became my responsibility. When I turned eighteen, they kicked me out, and after a week or so, she came to live with me.
They kicked her out, as well?
Essentially. She was giving them a hard time because she had become so used to me caring for her, so yes, I suppose they did kick her out, as well. She and I have been inseparable since the day she was born, and it has been my greatest honor to be the one who takes care of her. I didn't trust myself at first, but now... I actually smiled, I know that I am the only one who could ever raise her. She is headstrong, and smart as a whip, and so mischievous. God, my mother would have lost her mind if Penny had not come to live with me. I miss her so much, Adam. I can't wait to get back to her. I can't imagine what Violet is doing to her hair; Penny only likes pigtails, which are two ponytails on either side of her head, or two braids on either side of her head, or sometimes, wearing it down and curled. James has gotten rather good at the pigtails, but he cannot do the braids nor the curls, and neither can Violet.
So, when we return, your first action will be to style your darling girl's hair?
More than likely, yes. She will run up to me, hug me, and kiss me, and then ask me to do her hair.
He laughed and shrugged.
Well, at least the hug and kiss will come first. What about Violet?
Oh, Violet... I sighed heavily and smiled again, She is so very headstrong, as well. But in her case, she goes against me much of the time. She listens to me because she knows that for better or worse now, I am essentially her only living parent, and she has forgiven me for leaving our mother behind, which is surprising.
Why is that surprising?
Because I would not have forgiven me for something like that.
Do you not forgive yourself?
Goodness, Adam, you do so love to discuss grim subjects.
I do apologize. Tell me more about Violet. From what I have seen, she is a delightfully perfect fit for the picture I had of an Earthean, American teenager.
Is that a positive or negative picture?
Both. Delightfully both. I do feel that that age is spoiled and entitled...
And you are one of many who feels that way. Violet is spoiled and entitled, but she is also eighteen, so I do not hold her accountable for that, at least not yet.
I disagree.
You do not think that she is spoiled or entitled?
No, I can see that. By the way that Maxwell dotes on her, I sense that the entitlement will not be replaced by selflessness anytime soon.
He does dote on her. She could get away with murder with him. Her and Penny.
I am sure. However, I disagree with the fact that you do not hold her accountable for her flaws. I have seen and heard about your parenting methods. You most certainly do put her in her place.
I do. And I am unashamed of that.
Just as well. You should not be ashamed of showing the girl her way to adulthood. You give neither her nor yourself nearly enough credit; I seem to have gathered from the opinions of others and my own observations that she has matured quite a bit since coming here.
Do you think so?
I do. He nodded.
Well, that makes me happier than I expected. Not that it is you who has noticed it, just that there is a change to notice at all. I certainly notice her new interest in this boyfriend of hers.
The young German gentleman? I say 'gentleman' because he is just that. His heart is as pure as the first snow of winter, Brynna.
I raised my head and looked at him.
Is it? I knew that his mind was, but his heart was slightly hazy to me. You know that if I can see into minds, I can see into hearts, but perhaps because I was so distracted by how clean his mind was, I could not see as clearly into his heart. But that is a relief to hear. I was worried.
Only you could be worried by young love.
King Adam, I never thought that you would be so sentimental. Surely you are not suggesting that I must turn a blind eye to their activities simply because the idea of young love is so very wholesome. Do you not have teenage pregnancies here on your precious Orb? Do you not know how freely teenagers copulate if there is not one to monitor the amount of time they can spend together?'
Of course we have had teenage pregnancies here. In Tyre's group, such things are met with the greatest scorn and sometimes, physical punishment. In my city, it was not something that people bended their shapes over.
I giggled softly, covering my mouth as I always did.
Did I say that incorrectly? He asked with a slightly chagrined smile.
Yes, but you were very close. The correct phrase is 'got bent out of shape over.'
He laughed, Well, I was very close.
You were. Tell me something about you.
Without missing a beat, he replied with:
I do not like apples with the red shell. I only like the ones with the green. They chop up nicely and cook without turning that disturbing shade of brown reminiscent of mold.
I lightly hit him in the chest and tried to fight the smile that was trying to form, but alas, it formed anyway.
You are so utterly hilarious, I might just die from laughter. I informed him, You have been alive for years and years. Surely, you must have a story or two.
He sighed and rolled his eyes to the ceiling made of leaves. My eyes were blinking slowly and lazily. Our shelter had become very pleasantly warm from the joined heat of our bodies. My entire body was relaxed, lying next to his, wrapped up in his arms. Despite feeling a very potent physical exhaustion, my mind was wide awake; I wanted very much to continue our discussion.
I suppose I could tell you about how I came to be leader of my people.
Ooh, yes! I replied with a grin, I have been curious about that.
Well, it all began with the building of Lumiere. It was the first great city. Before that, we had all lived in villages, some very large, some very small. But Lumiere was meant to be the place where most of our kind would live.
Most? Was there a set criteria for who was allowed to live in the city and who was not?
No. He replied, It was merely who wanted to live there, and who preferred staying out in the wilderness. So, your race and mine began discovering the joys of advancing technology at around the same times. Battery power, electricity, automobiles, telephones, solar and wind-operated systems, all of that. It was while I was witnessing all of these new, exciting things being built that I began to believe more in the minds of men and women than I did in the magical hand of the one God. Tyre, who had always been my confidante... He trailed off, and then added in a tone that conveyed how the thought of this pained him, He had always been my closest friend...
My eyes widened slightly; I was shocked to hear such a thing.
He would hear none of that. His fear that the one God would strike our entire race down and destroy our entire Orb drove every word and action he spoke and took. Our first attempts to build the city were sabotaged by him and the followers I had not known he was gathering. One night, when all of the infrastructures for all of the buildings had been built, he and his people burnt them all to the ground, and alas, we had to start from the very beginning once again. I was furious, Brynna. I did not question myself, nor did I think on it for more than an hour. I took him, a friend I had had for all the years of my some-thousand year old life, and all of his people, and sent them off. I had them escorted far away from my city, far off to the mountains. Now, he swore revenge, and I scoffed at such stupidity and melodrama, and continued to build Lumiere, which now lies in rubble. And of course it does; why would he not destroy it again, when he knows what that city meant to me? It is symbolic of my choice of the minds of my people over friendship, but it is also symbolic of a shining new age here on Purissimus, when we began to live both in aversion to our most basic principles, but also, efficiently and expertly. We have formed two separate races, him and me. First, there were only our like-minded followers in our separate kinds. Then, there were all of you joining either him or myself. I did not start this war, Brynna; you all merely fell from the sky right into it.
But you knew we were coming. You knew about me before we had ever met. You knew that I would have the power of All-Knowing.
Yes. I had many people on Earth. So did Tyre. We both had our eyes on you. He grasped both of my hands, And that is why I sent Maxwell for you. I did not expect for you to fall in love with him. How could I ever have predicted that? I knew only that your world was ending, and that you would perish there if I did not act, and at the time, I only cared about your continued survival because you are the only person who possesses the power of All-Knowing. I needed you because you can read into their minds, control them, if need be, and also, see forward, backwards, and sideways in time. But now, Brynna, I care not for your power. Now, I care only for you.
How did you arrive at any point involving me when you were telling me the story of the almighty split of people here?
Because these days, it seems that everything goes back to you.
Again, a faint glimmer of warm, innocent pride glowed inside of me.
Does it? I asked with the trace of a smile, Why is that?
How could I know? He cleared his throat, And even if I did know, do you think that I would speak such things out loud? No, madam; I do not think so.
Fine. Then, tell me something else.
Like what? Would you like for me to tell you about my complicated love life, or my childhood, or the events that occurred over the many thousands of years that I have been alive?
All three.
Well, just like on your Earth, there have been countless wars. There have been cities built, governmental systems established, and cultures formed. Those cities, systems, and cultures have risen and fallen, to be replaced by newer, more exciting models. Whether it was war, tyrannical occupation, or simply natural extinction, new ways of life have always risen from the ashes of destruction. As far as my childhood, it was a happy one. I was born approximately three thousand years before the birth of Jesus Christ on your Earth.
Did you witness those events? Are they true?
He smiled at me, seemingly in awe of my powerfully driven thirst to know such fascinating things.
If you know, you must tell me! Then, I can know for sure whether the Bachums are right or wrong!
And what would knowing such a thing accomplish?
I thought about it for a moment.
Nothing! But...
Precisely. Nothing. If those events did transpire, then they are right, but their use of those events as a means of manipulation is still wrong. If they are wrong, and those events did not transpire, then their manipulations are still wrong.
But perhaps I do not want to accomplish anything. Perhaps I just want to know!
Well, unfortunately, I was very young, and my father and grandfather were responsible for watching the state of the worlds, not me.
So there are other worlds besides this and Earth?
Though he tried to suppress it, he snorted through his nose at what I realized was, to him, an utterly ridiculous question.
I am sorry. He said when I frowned at him in jocular irritation, but he laughed for another second, The cosmos is vast, Brynna. It is mind-boggling, if one focuses for too long on its size. It has no beginning and no end. Of course there are world besides Purissimus and Earth! Otherwise, mile after mile after mile of space just goes completely unused! Wasted!
Have you been to other worlds besides Earth?
Certainly, I have, and none have ever mystified me as much as my dear Purissimus. However, I must admit, many have mystified me far more than your Earth, though certainly, your Earth was one of the Orbs most dear to me. Your kind is one of the most interesting races that I have ever observed.
Well, that does not say much for the rest of the races.
Oh, please... He said, Your race is utterly fascinating! So frenzied and furious you all have always been! So eager to fight, so eager to die. So utterly brilliant and yet possessing such a bottomless supply of rash foolishness! I marveled at your kind, at both the beauty and the ugliness of it. I was morbidly interested in the violent back-and-forth between times of peace and times of chaos. That is why, upon hearing that prophetic visions had been seen by so many, I immediately began to grieve your destruction.
And yet, when we landed here, you tried to kill us all.
That is because your escape operation was infiltrated by people who have no right to breathe the air here on my land.
Most of those people to whom you are referring, though I agree that they are possessed by a very strong and potent evil, had the vision themselves, and helped formulate the plan to hijack the ship and leave.
Yes, and only the one God knows why such people, 'possessed' by evil, as you say, would find their way to salvation and end up here, wreaking havoc on my people. I do not like that you say 'possessed by evil,' as that makes it sound as though they have some choice. Richard Bachum, your father, that despicable little man, Paul... They all have a choice, Brynna. Every last one of us has a choice of whether we will embrace evil or good, so I do hope that your word choice there was merely an error in semantics.
I was momentarily stunned by his sudden irritation. Immediately, I wanted to fight back with irritation of my own. Instead, I replied calmly, knowing that if I were not so tired, I would have yelled.
Excuse you, but you make it sound as though the choice between good and evil is a simple this or that decision, and that the life that follows such a decision is all black or all white. Neither the decision or the life that follows are one-dimensional, and you should know that from personal experience. Many have said that you have behaved in a way that was less than admirable. In fact, you senselessly murdering people in our campsite was not only less than admirable, it was evil!
Was it now? Do not speak of such things without the proper story, Brynna Olivier. He hissed at me, and his arms unwrapped themselves from around me. I targeted those whose hearts were consumed with darkness. I consulted my most prized and competent Heart-Readers before striking your kind, and I will thank you not to insinuate for a third time that I did not only kill randomly, but that I killed innocents!
Oh, will you pipe down? I snapped at him, and I sat up abruptly. You are making me want to go sit out in the rain just to get away from your tantrum. If I cannot use you as an example, then take me, for instance. I feel that I am an adequate sister to Violet and Elijah, an above-average surrogate mother to Penny, and a loving girlfriend to James. Or I was. I was a loving girlfriend to James, but I am not anymore, and that is... I stopped, and rerouted. However, I have done terrible things in my life. First and foremost, I left my mother behind to die on Earth, and I should not have.
The admission of my wrongdoing out loud startled me. Purposely, I kept my eyes away from his so he could not see how stunned I was by my sudden admittance of that fact out loud.
She may have cut me out of her life, and told me that she wished I were dead, but she did not deserve to die alone. I thought that my father was still on Earth with her, too, and that softened the uncomfortable feelings I originally felt on the matter; I thought that I had left two antagonistic people, whose said antagonism was partially responsible for the destruction of the earth, behind to die as consequence for their antagonistic actions. In short, I thought that I had exacted justice for all the innocent lives that would be lost for the mistakes my parents had made. I did that knowingly. I left behind the woman who gave birth to me, and she was only that, but still, she was family. That was, for the most part, evil. But am I evil? In my heart, one can see the evil actions I have taken in my life; they see what I did to my mother, my brother, and my family, in general. They see how I treated them. You can probably see that every time you look into my heart. Can't you?
Yes. But...
But nothing. Despite all of that, I think that I am still good. Even if, at best, it is a fifty-fifty split, as they say, I am still a good person.
He sat up, softened completely again. His hands grasped my face, and he leaned in to kiss my forehead. After his lips left my skin, he pulled away to look at me.
Of course you are, Brynna. He whispered. You are one of the best I have ever known. In your heart, I see darkness, certainly. But I see such beautiful light, and it is that light that pulls me to you. It is that light that has made me feel so strongly for you since that first moment I saw you, there in that field. Do you remember? I could not look away from you; my blood-lust fed on the darkness I saw in you, but it was killed swiftly by that light. I was fascinated by the contrast. You suggest that I do not know such contrasts exist, but of course I do. How could I not, when I am so captivated by the contrast I see in you?
And do you not know that such a contrast also exists in you? I know it. After these past few days, I know that for sure.
I know that the contrast is there, but that it is not fifty-fifty, as you say. He said, Darkness holds more sway over my actions than light. His hands gently released my face, and he laid back down. The way that softness I had seen in him immediately dissipated was enough to convince me that the darkness to which he was alluding frightened him, and he did not want to show such affection for me out of fear that I would feel similar feelings, and we would grow any closer than we were in those moments.
Lie down here next to me, and tell me something else.
You did not tell me about your love life.
How interesting that you would remember that I had left that out. Your interest in the matter is very... peculiar. Also, it is most baffling. And fascinating.
I am not interested. I replied quickly as I laid back down beside him.
That is obvious. No, it is your turn. Tell me something.
It is my turn? Are we trading personal information like trinkets in a gypsy market now?
He laughed again as his arms took their place back over me.
I suppose you could say that. Let us see... He looked thoughtful for a moment, Tell me about James Maxwell. How did you two meet?
I do not want to talk about him. I told him angrily and instantly. I have told you that! You have explained that you did not mean me any physical harm but that you were banking on him taking me away from my family and handing me over to you. I am furious at you for wanting him to do that, but I am even more furious at him for agreeing to it! From the very beginning, from the moment he saw me, all he had in mind was handing me over. So, you want to know how I met him? I met him outside of a bar, where Reapers that you sent to ensure that I was taken had approached me disguised as two young men from a college nearby. James made me nervous, probably because I instinctually knew, even then, that his motives were unsavory at best, so I ran from him. One thing led to another, we killed the Reapers, and then embarked on this epic journey together. Over that journey, I...
What? He asked, Tell me, Brynna.
I fell in love with him, and I should not have! I should have known better. Maura tried to warn me about him. My father even told me that he was not who he seemed. I knew that James had been lying right after we landed here, when my father informed me that they knew each other, him and James. James had helped engineer the ship.
And what did that matter? He asked calmly. What did it matter that he hadn't told you of his previous association with your father? 
Because he had many times to tell me that, and he did not! He should have told me!
Yes, he should have.
All through that time we spent together, he was in contact with you. He knew that you all were here. He knew that you wanted me, so for months, I am sure that he stayed with me simply so he could offer me up to you as payment when you called his debt. Whenever you decided it was time for him to repay you for your help in the disposing of his wife's body, that is when he would have turned on me.
I did not know how deeply you cared for your siblings, Brynna. Honestly, I did not know, and when I did know, I immediately told Maxwell that he was to keep you safe until I could convince you to join my side in this war. I did not want you to be delivered to me anymore. I wanted you to make the decision yourself, which I should have wanted from the beginning, I know. I am sorry for that. Truly, I cannot apologize enough for the actions I took before I met you. I am sorry. I do not expect your forgiveness, for I do not deserve it, but I want you to know that I am sorry.
I do know, and I have come to as much peace with your part in this that I am ever going to have. But with him... I don't know if I can find my peace with him. I was in love with him, I was honest with him, I relied so heavily on him, trusted him completely, and he lied to me. He lied to me for the entire year that we have been here.
Has it been a year?
Yes. Maybe even a little bit more than a year.
I looked over at him, and he was smiling.
What?
Nothing. I did not realize that so much time had passed, is all. Years go slowly when one is immortal, as you will come to notice, but since you have arrived, time has gone by in a whirl. By the one God it is mind-boggling, that so many days have passed since the moment I watched your ship break through the sky. Almost absentmindedly, he reached out, placed his hand on my face, and stroked my cheek with his thumb. Now, you are very tired, and the best cure for your injuries is rest. However, I refuse to allow you to fall asleep being angry with me...
I am not angry with you, and it is you who needs rest.
Well then, we shall both rest.
You know that if we both sleep, and they find us, we will be defenseless.
They will not find us. From the outside, this merely looks like a pile of leaves, you said.
But there is a chance that someone will suspect it. There is always that chance. And if they come poking in here with their guns, we are sitting ducks, as they say. And...
We will be just fine. He insisted, We both have earned our rest. Tomorrow, we must continue moving. Tonight is the only reprieve we have. As much as I have loved talking to you, we both must rest now.
I cannot. Already, I am beginning to feel my muscles starting to lock. If I go to sleep, they'll tense completely and tomorrow morning, I won't be able to move at all, let alone move both of us.
I do not think that is true, my dear. I think that you are just stubbornly holding onto the idea that if you rest now, you leave us open to attack.
Sure. Let us go with that. As you are the injured party, I suggest that you rest.
We will take turns. If I sleep now, you must wake me in a few hours, and then you will rest. Do we have an accord?
I stared at him for a long moment.
Sure. Let us go with that.
If you do not agree, I will not go to sleep.
Fine! I agree. Now, please, for the sake of my sanity, go to sleep.
As you wish. He pressed his lips to my forehead, and said through a yawn, I am only doing this because I am exhausted completely.
Fine. Goodnight, Adam.
Goodnight, Brynna.
After his eyes had been closed for a while, I burrowed my body further against his. I realized that he was not completely asleep when his surprise at my new close proximity to him was read by my intruding mind. But after that surprise had dissipated, his arms wrapped around me even more tightly, and his lips came down to kiss the top of my head.
Though I was supposed to be staying awake and keeping watch, I fell asleep that night feeling in his heart both content and also, a very charming, very touching disbelief that I was there, allowing him to hold me and kiss me. He could not believe that I had dropped my guard and allowed him to see into the inner-world that bustled nonstop within me behind walls that lowered for so few.
I know that shortly before dawn, he awoke, just so he could watch me. For a while, he watched for signs of my sleep being disturbed by nightmares. Then, he simply watched. From the most peaceful depths of sleep, I could hear his thoughts. I could see the image of myself through his eyes, and feel how he felt, seeing that image; he was transfixed by some beauty that he saw in me during those long hours. He did not understand why staring at my sleeping face, which did not shift in expression or change at all, really, could fascinate him so much. All he knew was that I was so beautiful.
I would later tell myself that he was thinking all of those things because he knew that in sleep my mind was open and free to roam, and as a result, I would hear him. But after events transpired and moral merit was proven, I retracted that belief and accepted incredulously that he cared for me then, as deeply as one can care for a person. I had thought that I was the only one between the two of us whose feelings had changed, but after watching me being so horribly abused, and comforting me afterward, and listening to the stories I had shared that he knew I had not shared with many others, he could not help but care for me. In fact, I would daresay that he might have felt more than just affection and concern then. Perhaps we both felt more than that.
When I awoke, he had fallen asleep again. I did not wake him, but I did pull up his shirt very carefully to check his wound. Already, the sap was wearing off and the infection was returning. After a heavy sigh, a fierce rubbing of my eyes, and a very ungentle comb of my fingers through my hair, I crawled out of the tent and greeted the overcast Pangaean morning.
In case you had not noticed, I had given up smoking by this point, and yet that morning, all I wanted was a cigarette. The thoughts in my mind began as tiny seeds, but those tiny seeds were soon watered with unpleasant emotions and turned into towering dead trees with too many branches to count: Adam and I had kissed. James and I had only just broken up, and I had kissed, or been kissed, by another man. Even though we had kissed because we were trying to distract our minds from the fear we felt, knowing that we were about to die, I had still kissed him despite the role he had played in James's betrayal. I had dropped my guard with Adam despite the fact that common sense screamed in opposition to the idea.
To put it simply, I was blaming James, but I was letting Adam slip by without any accountability. Sure, he had apologized. Sure, he had told me that after seeing me, he had reconsidered his original course of action, which was to abduct me, to remove me against my will permanently from the lives of those I loved most in the world.
I crawled back into the tent and shook him roughly.
Wake up. We need to go. I told him brusquely after his eyes had opened.
Immediately, he called me on my change of attitude.
My, aren't we prickly this morning?
Yes. I replied curtly, Now, let's go. I would like to find Penny, Violet, and Eli before the end of time.
I purposely did not look at him, but I could feel his eyes on me. Out of the corner of my eye, I watched his smile grow. I had expected an outburst of rage or a sliver of sadness, but of course, he had to react completely against my expectations, just for the sake of making me call into question my ability to predict the actions of others. I heard nothing in his mind but thoughts that detailed his slightly bewildered and very light amusement; it was as though I were a particularly peculiar attraction in the circus, which to him, the leader of his advanced race, I was.
We are different. I told him angrily after I had packed up the blankets and slung the backpack onto my shoulders. He could walk by himself, but I knew that he would not be able to for long. We are different, and all that happened last night was a mistake.
I heard him chuckle, noticing that that time, there was only icy condescension behind the sound. It seemed that I was not the only one rebuilding walls.
Yes. I do agree that it was.
Perfect. We are in agreement.
Yes. We are. My, how your heart makes a racket. You are very expertly keeping your thoughts quiet, but your heart is impossible to hide from me. You are not only angry and resentful of me, but you are angry and resentful of yourself. In fact, I think that you are angrier at yourself than me.
Just shut up. I will not talk to you anymore. We are different, and any beliefs to the contrary are false. There can be no more of what occurred last night.
I have already said that I agree. Now, please, if you are not going to talk to me, could you start now?
Certainly.
With the dawning of a new day, things had drastically changed. But actually, they had not changed, they had merely returned to the state in which they had been before. I had forgotten all that he had done, but I remembered now and scolded myself for allowing those atrocities to slip away so easily, because it had been convenient for me to let them slip away.
Later, when it became too painful for him to walk unaided, I put his arm back around my shoulders, which were not aching anymore; instead, they were positively twisting and writhing in agony. Ignoring that intense, extraordinary pain, I began to walk him along.
You break down defenses so you can prey on people weakened by your disgustingly cunning ways. I found myself snapping at him suddenly.
Oh, here we go...
Whatever information you are told, you use as leverage against those stupid enough to tell you. And last night, I told you those things, and now, you can use them against me.
Why would I use...
Because you do not want us here! You do not want my kind polluting the perfect air on your beloved Purissimus. That is why you wanted us to kill each other.
I told you, this war must be fought because my kind and Tyre's kind, your kind and the Bachums' kind... we cannot coexist. You know it. I know it. This is not me sitting up in my tower, watching as the peasants and commoners fight and die below me. This is not entertainment, Brynna Olivier, and I would appreciate it if you would stop suggesting that it is! Your insinuations that I am this evil Roman emperor ordering my people to fight to the death, or that I, myself, kill randomly are truly beginning to infuriate me! And furthermore, how you can still think that I mean you harm after days of us being out here together...
You need me to carry you!
So, if I were well enough to walk, you think I would kill you? What do you think I would do, if I might ask?
I don't know. I am not discussing this.
Ah, let me guess. Maxwell was the one who told you that I prey on nave peoplewomen and men, alikeand order them to do terrible things on my behalf. I am a master and creator of chaos, and if I so choose, I can, at any moment, unleash chaos to destroy those who displease me. 
'Maxwell' did not have to tell me anything. But the description of yourself you gave is accurate. You do create and control chaos, and you do use it against those who cross you. I cannot believe that I allowed myself to tell you those things last night. When I said earlier that you use information as leverage against those stupid enough to tell you, I was grouping myself into that category of stupid people, as well. I just do not know why I was so stupid! I must have been tired, and I was in pain, and I just needed to hear someone's voice
You were also suffering terribly from the after-effects of being so cruelly treated by those men.
I was not! They had nothing to do with it!
There is no use denying it when you and I both felt it in your heart, Brynna! He snapped at me, Do not mistake me for a human. Do not lie to yourself, and pretend that I am as much of a simpleton as your dear former love. I suppose now that I have become the enemy, you are going to fall back in with him, are you not?
Do I constantly have to be with a man?! I am not falling back in with him, nor am I falling in with anyone. I am going to take care of myself, just like I always have. I am going to take care of myself, Violet, and Penny, and forget all about this stupid war! I am not going to be Don's second-in-command. I am not going to be a tool in your toolbox that you can take out and use when you need me; my power is just going to be an annoyance that stays firmly stuck at the back of my mind, far from my consciousness. Hopefully, in time, it will disappear. Hopefully, in time, all of this will disappear!
Brynna... His voice sounded slightly softer.
You made him betray me! He is gone because I could never forgive him for what he did! He is gone, and I love him still, and he has probably already met someone else and forgotten about me! Violet and Penny are probably so afraid because I am not there, and he is not watching over them! They probably think I am dead, and Maura is dead! So now, they think that they have lost two of the most prominent people in their lives! Oh, God, Maura... My voice broke, but no tears fell because I rubbed at my eyes again, Oh, my God, Adam, I almost forgot. How terrible am I for that?
He had stopped us from walking and turned us so that we were facing each other. Still, I continued rambling.
All I can think about is myself, so they were all right! All I care about is myself! All I can think about is that man, Ray, and Rich, and my father, and I should not care, because nothing happened. The worst has happened to me before, and this time, I was lucky that it did not happen, and yet I cannot stop thinking about it! Why, Adam? Why can't I just let it go?
Alright. Alright, darling. Come now. He said gently, and he wrapped his arms around me. He was so tall and wide that my small body could almost be lost from sight if one were standing directly behind him and looking. I grasped his broad shoulders and closed my eyes, realizing all of a sudden that I was very dizzy and feeling rather sick to my stomach. My palms were sweating, and my heart was pounding again.
Adam, I think something is wrong with me...
No. Nothing is wrong, Brynna.
I feel like I am dying. Trouble breathing... Heart racing. Oh, no... This is not good
You are not dying.
I am! That is why I feel this way! That is why I am saying these things. My mind knows that I am dying, so I am saying these things before it is too late, and
You are merely suffering another fit of panic, Brynna. That is all. Do you want me to keep holding you like this?
Yes. I answered automatically, I should apologize, and I will. I don't know why, but my moods are very erratic. You must think that I am crazy.
I think no such thing. You have been through far too much in these past days out here. Many of the bravest men I know would have broken by now, but you have not.
Maybe I am breaking. Maybe that is why I keep changing from being a normal, decent, kind person, to being a crazed, spiteful...
You need rest, a large meal, and several glasses of water. In fact, I daresay that you require something stronger than water, just to calm your nerves.
Drinking alcohol after drinking water is counterproductive. I informed him.
It isn't. As soon as we arrive at the village, I will make for you a strong drink, and prepare for you one of my many culinary creations, all of which are only mildly passable as actual, edible food, and then, I will carry you in and lay you down so that you may rest.
We began walking again.
The only part that you left out of that amazing scenario is a two hour long, very hot bath.
Ah, of course! I forget how much you ladies love your baths. I will draw you a bath, and then all the things that I said earlier will follow.
I smiled, and my heartbeat began to slow.
That sounds better than anything I have heretofore heard, Adam.
And it will be better than anything you have heretofore experienced; I assure you of that.
I believe it. I told him, and just like that, we were alright again. I looked up at him, and he looked down at me, and I found that we were both beaming for no reason whatsoever. Completely spontaneously, I stood on my tiptoes and kissed his cheek.
I don't deserve your kindness after how I have just treated you.
Brynna, you have carried me for miles, tended to my wounds, and kept me entertained with the discussions we have had. You deserve my kindness more than anyone I have met in my many-thousand years of existence, especially when you easily could have left me as food for the Shadows in order to escape them. Or you could have just left me in order to return to your family more quickly.
Well, I could never do that. On whom would I take my aggression out?
He laughed somewhat raucously, and instantly, we heard leaves crunching, sticks cracking, and to our left, we saw several trees fall. Our eyes changed over as we prepared for the assault of this suddenly-appearing threat.
Dark Giant! He yelled, and we broke apart just as the Reaper, charging so speedily and furiously towards us, reached where we stood.
We broke apart, diving out of the path of the creature. The second my back hit the ground, I turned myself over forcefully so my stomach was parallel to the ground and then thrust myself up so I was standing. The Reaper knew that it was Adam who was losing the blood that it had smelled from so far away. Since Adam was the injured party, he ran for him first. Adam, now with adrenaline pumping through him, was able to move quickly out of the way. But even adrenaline could not keep him on his feet, so after he had effectively dodged, he immediately crashed back to the ground.
Hey! I shouted, when the creature went to charge him again. My hand had scooped up a heavy rock without my knowledge, and I chucked it hard, hitting the Reaper squarely between the eyes. It snorted and shook its head back and forth, before turning to look in my direction. It roared in a warning that I sensed was both its first and last, but still, I threw another rock. Now, the creature stood, a hulking mass over eight feet tall, and stormed towards me so quickly that even I had trouble getting out of its path in time.
In fact, I soon discovered that I had not moved quickly enough, because the creature's clawed hand reached out, grabbed my wrist, which snapped clean in half in its death-grip, and yanked me back to him. Once my back was pressed to his massive, fur-and-armor covered front, it wrapped me in its arms so tightly that my breath was squeezed right out of my lungs, and I could not, for the life of me, draw in another.
Brynna! Brynna! I heard Adam bellowing, and because I could not see him, my mind traveled so I could see through his eyes. He could not see me from behind the creature, but he was crawling quickly across the ground, ready to jump onto the creature's back and snap its head from its body even if the effort killed him.
The creature was wearing some sort of necklace made from what appeared to be human rib-bones. One of them was poking into my cheek, scratching until blood was trickling from a long, horizontal cut right on my cheekbone. I did not struggle wildly; instead, I made several calculated movements. I jumped and brought my foot back so that the creature's knees almost buckled from one of my swift kicks to the groin. Better than the Reaper almost falling was the fact that his grip on me released slightly, and I was able to free one arm. I grabbed the bone that had been cutting into my cheek, ripping it from the necklace, and thrust my arm back so that the pointed tip jabbed quite perfectly into the Reaper's eye. It screeched, and fell forward, its mouth open. I had fallen from his grip onto the ground, and its weight dropped onto my ankle. With a cry of pain, I jerked my foot free, and kicked the creature in the face with the same foot. In response, the beast came forward quickly and sunk its teeth down wherever it could reach; once, it bit into the side of my abdomen; once, it bit into the back of my thigh, and once, it bit into my calf. Each time, I cried out in pain, and tears began to leak from my eyes, but that pain only drove my animalistic rage. All I could think was how violently I wished to dispatch the threat to my life and the life of the injured man for whom I was responsible.
I flipped over onto my back and thrust myself up once again so I was on my feet. The creature lunged forward and tackled me again, its hard, heavy body crushing me into the ground. I felt one rib break, and then two more. This creature was breaking me into pieces; surely, I would soon be dead. Soon, its teeth would rip into my jugular, and it would watch as I choked on my blood. Then, it would pick apart my body methodically until it could string together a new necklace made from whatever remnants of me it could salvage.
With one fist and then the other immediately after, I punched him, crying out when my fists were immediately bloodied and bruised from the impact on its impossibly hard face. Its eyes widened so that the whites were completely visible around the black. Its many long rows of fanged teeth snapped as it struggled to get close enough to me to deliver the final bite on the throbbing vein in my neck, the rapidly pulsing vein that it was watching in desperate hunger...
Adam! I screamed, and somehow, I managed to move myself upwards so that the creature did not bite into my throat as it wanted to; instead, its teeth scratched down my chest, leaving several long, deep lines that immediately began to gush with blood. The scream that I could not hold back drove the creature to bite harder. ADAM!
I felt my terror in both its full intensity and through a haze; the latter merely meant that I could see it from a distance, and realize that I was startled by how very strong it was. I screamed, and kicked the creature, whose face was so terrifying up close that my eyes squeezed shut by their own will to spare my heart from the harrowing sight.
ADAM!
I heard the roar behind me, and then saw Adam appear, wielding a gigantic stick wrapped in a thorn-covered vine. How he was able to lift such a monstrous stick when he was injured so severely, I did not know; there was certainly not enough adrenaline in our bodies to give us that much strength when we were so terribly hurt.
The stick made contact with the Reaper's head, and it grunted in pain and collapsed on top of me. Another rib gave way to the weight, and I wailed in pain, and I am unashamed to admit that by then, I was crying. Or rather, I was screaming with tears coming rapidly down my face.
The second hard knock to the Reaper's head did not knock it gloriously into unconsciousness. Instead, it knocked a new resolution to destroy us, the human-like annoyances, into its head. Its elbow came back, and pummeled hard into the wound in Adam's stomach, though the hit was not aimed there intentionally. Adam grunted, and collapsed to the ground, dropping the large stick onto his torso. While the creature was distracted, I took the opportunity to give one final push with all of my might. Its weight lifted, and quickly, I scuttled out from beneath it. Before it could become aware of my slight body being absent beneath it, I grabbed the stick out of Adams hands and swung. With every last bit of my strength, with no thought of the utterly excruciating pain that I could feel through every last millimeter of my body, I swung and swung that large branch until the creature fell to its side, passed out or dead, I did not know. Even once it was on the ground, no longer a threat to Adam or myself, I kept hitting it. I hit that thing's head until there was no longer a head to hit, feeling not a fraction of that pain anymore because all I felt was the euphoric bliss that always followed such a heightened adrenal response.
Brynna!
Adam's voice was a painful distraction, a nuisance in an otherwise sublime world of carnage and the infliction of great agony. But when he gasped out my name again, the blood-lust and euphoria were eradicated entirely; in fact, I wondered how they ever could have existed in the first place. I had just behaved barbarically, and I was sure, even then, that I could be forgiven for that. Still, my mind, rapidly moving between so many different thoughts and emotions, reminded me that on the ship, over a year earlier, I had screamed at Violet to suppress her urge to cause pain because we were not barbarians, at least not yet. Those had been my exact words: At least not yet.
Adam was lying on his back, trembling violently with pain, cold, and as a result of his body's shutdown. My heart tried to lurch upwards, only to become stuck in a puddle of sickness that was thick like molasses. Tears rushed into my eyes as I realized that soon he would leave me. His beautiful green eyes would be blank, absent, devoid of all the annoying, arrogant stares, telling glances of secret knowing, and warm affectionate gazes that I saw looking back at me when my eyes met his quite often. His life that was thousands of years old would be over, and his beloved Purissimus would be left behind. He would depart his world the way that I had departed mine, but to a destination neither of us knew or could even fathom. I was afraid for him, and he was afraid, too.
Born to be... a Warrior Queen... you are...
He laughed, and I laughed, too. As the sound left me, it immediately changed; another whimper escaped me, and I found myself grasping both of his hands in my broken ones.
You are... the strongest... His voice faded out but then rose back to an only slightly audible volume when he spoke again, You have done... more for me... than I deserve... You must go... Brynna... It is getting... colder... You must return... to them... You are injured... now... very severely... Bleeding... Bones broken... You must go... Doctor...
When his voice disappeared again, I managed to read his lips. He was telling me to find safety, to continue on. I assumed he meant with the war. In his last moments, he was reminding me that there was a fight to be waged and hopefully, won, if we were so fortunate. I was to utilize the power he coveted to aid Don in his quest for victory. But as soon as that thought crossed my mind, his hands were clasped tightly around mine, and he was shaking his head.
No. Live in peace. In safety... Brynna...
I had been wrapped in Maura's arms as she slipped away from me, and tears had been pouring down my cheeks. Sobs had been contorting my body into slight yet very painful convulsions. Tears were present in my eyes, but I was not sobbing, though I certainly felt great pain at the thought of his passing. I rested my forehead against his chest, and relished the shiver that passed through me when his hands came to wrap around me.
Please stay with me, Adam. Please... I whispered desperately
Many could ask after what he had done to me, after what I had learned from James, how I could have wanted to see his life spared? How could I care even slightly for him? But of course I cared, and of course I wanted him to live, so I was crying because I knew that despite everything that he or I wanted, needed, or deserved, that simply would not happen. After I looked up at him, I realized that he would die looking into my eyes as two tears escaped from them.
You would shed tears for me? When they... are shed... for no one... not even yourself... you would shed tears for me?
I nodded, and grasped his face in both hands. After my forehead was rested against his, I felt his hands run up my back to hold onto me tightly again.
Of course I will. Tears are being shed for you, and I can't stand them. I can't stand this. I can't stand the thought of losing you. Not now. We've come so far. I actually smiled slightly. Look at all we've overcome. Humans, Shadows, a Reaper, the elements... We have to make it back to them. We both do. I laughed softly, weakly, as several more tears leaked from eyes. No one will believe me if I tell them all that happened out here.
He laughed, too, but his eyes were closing. His breathing was slowing. Right before my eyes, his soul was leaving him. Right from my grasp, he was slipping.
I am not going to let you die, Adam. Do you hear me? I am not going to lose you now!
Resolve took hold of me after those words had tumbled from my mouth. My limbs shook with the need to lift him. My mind bellowed deafeningly to stop my tears and continue my trek. Ignore the pain, despite how utterly impossible it was to ignore, and keep going.
Be clever. Be strong. Save him.
You listen to me, I had lifted my head, and though the tears were still falling, my voice was firm, unrelenting. Adam, you look at me right now!
His eyes wandered all around before they found my own.
I am going to get you onto your feet, and then you are going to drop your weight onto me. I am going to carry you on my back, do you understand me?!
I was barking at him forcefully. I was motivating him to stand for the second it would take for me to wrap his arms around my neck.
Even if it kills us both, I will get us back to them. Do you understand?!
His eyes were rolling back in his head, but still, I saw him nod. He could hear and comprehend my orders. He knew of my plan. When I pulled him onto his feet, he was able to support his weight for the second that it took for me to move around in front of him and wrap his arms around my neck. Then, his knees gave out, and he collapsed against me.
At first, I was positive that we would fall. I cursed his muscle mass, which had always caught my eye, certainly, but was now just an inconvenience, and a painful one at that. My broken bones shrieked in a plea for me to stop, but I did not give in. Somehow, I knew that if we fell, I would not be able to get him back up. The second he hit the ground would be the chance for which his soul was looking to flee his body. As long as I had him on my back, he would live. As long as I was carrying him, Death's yearning hands could not snatch him away from me. His front was rested against my back, and I could feel the sporadic beats of his heart; I knew that his condition was fragile from those beats, but at least they were there. They might have indicated the very dire turn his health had taken, but they also indicated his continued life. If in his great agony and seductive desire to let go he could manage to keep his heart beating, then I could carry him. I could shoulder his weight and drag us along to safety.
With those thoughts in my mind and after taking one deep breath, I stepped forward and moved us just five inches or so forward.
Alright... I managed to gasp out, We have our start, Adam.

Quinn

The mood was somber, to say the least. Among the larger group, Pangaeans and Earth survivors, alike were grieving the loss of loved ones. The Pangaeans were also grieving their city that had been destroyed. I tried to see things from their point of view. I tried to sympathize with them, even. But I have to admit, and I can speak for Alice when I say this, too: We were having a hard time seeing Adam's people as being part of our team.
It's completely against everything I believe in these days to call our group a team. Thinking that means I admit that the war was a game. We could not win without a team. If we fought the Bachums alone, we would die. That is only part of the reason behind using that term. The second half is that in only a few short years, we would be viewing our activities involving the war, meaning killing without reason, sometimes just for fun, and watching others die as we saved ourselves, in complete apathy. If I look back on that day, I can still remember the faces of the Earth people and the Pangaeans. Some were crying, and some were just staring straight ahead, eyes widened in the dark, and I don't just mean the night that had descended on us. We were all in the dark figuratively too, completely lost as to where things would go.
Alice slunk up beside me and grasped my hand. My ears perked up as soon as her hand touched mine; I was listening for Violet, whom she had been consoling since our walk began. I couldn't hear her cries anymore, and after glancing back over my shoulder, I found that she was just walking along with her hands wrapped around Elijah's arm, gasping and hiccupping every couple of seconds.
How is she?
How do you think? Well, you know, actually. We both do, don't we?
Yeah.
Alice and I both knew just how terrible Violet's grief was because we had both experienced it. Just like Violet, we had both lost two parents. Maura was another mother to the Olivier children, and we all knew that. In fact, everyone in the camp knew, if their whispers on the subject were any indication. People had seen them together on the ship and during our brief stay at the campsite. Some had even noted that the relationship between her and Brynna was strained, though that was only speculation on their part. Still, everyone knew that no matter what her feelings had been, Brynna had been with Maura at the time of her death.
Our people were talking a lot about how Maura was Daniel Olivier's wife. Brynna, Violet, and Elijah had won the respect of Don's people by contributing their equal share, being kind (or in Brynna's case, tepid), and working hard. They had long since proven their loyalty to Don and Adam. They had proven that though they came from Daniel Olivier and his wife, they were not cut from the same mold at all. Two evil people had born four good children. I personally wondered if Maura was responsible for that goodness.
So many other people believed that because she was Daniel Olivier's wife, she must have been as sick as he was. If Violet calmed herself down enough to listen, and if Elijah turned his attention away from his grieving sister for just a moment, they would hear the people talking quietly about that. They would hear the cruel things that people were saying. The question of deserving pain and death was coming up a lot; some people were saying that yes, she did deserve to die for marrying the man we all loathed so deeply, and others said that no one deserved to die in the amount of agony that they had heard Don had put her in. The latter group scowled up at Don, who was ushering along the woman we had found in the woods.
What do you think he's going to do to her once we get where we're going? Alice asked me softly, and by the look on her face, I could tell that she barely wanted to know the answer. We had been in the lavish buildings where Adam had set us up, rallying together other survivors who would help us convince Don to let Maura go. We had only gone to do that after hearing her screaming. Now, we had to worry that the same would happen to this woman, who had young children relying only on her.
I don't know. I answered quickly and gently, But we should just be glad that he's not dragging her along the way he did last time. Her kids don't need to see that again.
You're right. God, I hope he leaves her alone. Brynna was adamant about that.
What makes you think that he'll listen to Brynna? Yeah, she's scary when she gets going, but...
She'll make him listen! She won't let him hurt that woman! He's already killed Maura, who was basically her mother! I'm surprised that Eli hasn't killed him yet.
You know, I am, too. I looked over my shoulder and lowered my voice to almost a whisper. I think he's planning something, though. I mean, he doesn't let that stuff slide. He protects them, you know? He feels like that's his job.
Of course he does.
I'm not saying he's wrong in believing that. I'm just saying that it's weird that he hasn't just gone after Don and those other guys yet. I would have thought that he would have handled that situation already.
Well, we've been a little busy, what with grabbing whatever we could and running out of a city that was being bombed. Now, he's responsible for Violet and Penny. Brynn's not here. And they've exiled James, for whatever reason.
I don't know, but from what I've heard, it's not good. He's carrying Penny, which is a good sign. But I think that's just because Penny wants him to carry her, not because Eli asked.
Probably. She sighed, and I watched her breath billow out into the air in front of her. Immediately, I shed my jacket and handed it to her, realizing that everything we had brought had been eviscerated in the mass explosion that had claimed the city. Once again, we would be washing the same clothes and wearing them every day. Something like that seemed so trivial, and yet I was thinking about it dismally.
I'm sick of stopping and starting.
The proclamation was a depressing one, to say the least. It was far too heavy to discuss at that time. But the words fell out of my mouth before I could stop them, and I avoided her eyes when she looked at me because I was so angry at myself for letting that statement slip. Given how her moods tended to go up and down without warning, I knew that saying something that summarized the sad way our lives tended to change at a moment's notice could set her off.
Instead of crying as I expected her to, though, she only nodded, and stared straight ahead. After several moments of silence between us, she spoke.
This saga just keeps going on, doesn't it? I wonder if we'll ever be able to settle in one place. Maybe we'll be like those nomadic tribes forever. Moving around and all that, you know?
I hope not.
Well, obviously, I don't want that. I think we were spoiled on Earth but we didn't even know it. Some people stayed in the same house from the time they got married to the time they died. They stayed in the same state, the same town, went to the same stores, ate at the same restaurants... I'm sure that they went on trips to other places sometimes, but at least they had one home to go back to. We don't even have that anymore. It's hard to believe, if you think about where we were almost a year ago. If you think about the world before all of this, it's crazy, isn't it?
Yeah.
I smiled slightly as I remembered one morning a little over a year earlier, when I had awoken on the first day of senior year. Obviously, I wasn't nervous about going to school, but for once, I was kind of excited. I was thinking about all the hype I had heard for the first three years of high school. I was thinking about playing in the Homecoming game and going to the dance with Alice. I actually wanted to go to prom. There was an after-party right after that went all through the night where you could win a car and a laptop, among other things like oil changes and a restaurant gift certificates.
Of course, that hadnt ended up happening, as you very well know. We had been on Christmas break when the world ended, and despite our many talks over that time, before the creature came, during which Alice had proclaimed that she wanted to win the GPS at the after-prom party so we could go on a cross-country road trip after graduation, I didnt think about how optimistic we had felt at the time. I could barely remember that optimism. Somehow, I stemmed everything that had happened with the creature, the apocalypse, the terrifying trip through space, the time we had spent running from Adam's people, Tyre's people, and the Bachums' people, from that moment we had decided to just stay home because her parents were going out of town.
For the first time in a long time, I wanted to cry. I wasn't going to, not while there were so many people around. Some men had tears in their eyes; how could they not after what we had just seen? How could we not cry after we had realized that any life we could have had in Adam's city was gone? I couldn't imagine how the Pangaean men were suppressing their tears, but then I remembered that our entire world had gone up in flames, not just one city.
The point I'm trying to make is that I didn't want to cry even though other guys were. There was still a part of me that felt weird about it, like it was too feminine. When my parents died, I could definitely get away with shedding a few tears. On the ship, when there was so much uncertainty and when that wound of my parents' death was still fresh, I could cry then and not be looked down on. But now, after suffering so many setbacks and so many violent twists and turns, I knew that I needed to stay tough and strong not just for Alice, but for myself, too. Clearly, we were going to be experiencing those unpleasant turns of events frequently, and I needed to start getting used to that.
I don't like to think about Earth. She told me softly. I have so many memories of it, and all of them are so good. They are so comforting, in their own way. But it's hard to see that stuff, to remember it. It just makes me want to go home. God, we've done something that so many people dreamed of doing. We came to a different planet. And here we are, complaining about it.
I know. But after everything, I think we can complain a little bit.
After getting split up from the group eighty times and walking countless miles, trying to find shelter, yeah, I think we can, too. I know that we both wish that we could settle down, but I wish that not only because I want to have a stable, quiet life, but because I just want to know that you all are safe. You, Brynna, Eli, Violet, Penny, and James are my family now, and I just want to know every day that I don't have to worry about you guys.
Well, that sounds like something she would say.
Who?
Brynna.
Brynna would never say that out loud! She laughed slightly and covered her mouth to hide the fact that she had allowed that moment of levity while everyone else was experiencing such sadness. But yeah, in her heart, that's what she thinks all the time, I know. Quinn... She looked over at me again, and there was only seriousness in her eyes now. Where do you think she is?
I didn't want to answer. I didn't want to think on that question for even one moment because everything, every dark, convincing impulse of my mind and every deep, instinctual feeling, told me that our friend had died in the explosion. There was no way that she and Adam had escaped, or they would have found us. Brynna would be able to track her family easily; her power would have led her to us right away.
Instead of answering Alice, I just slid my arm around her shoulder, which was enough of an answer to her question. 
If shes dead Alice stopped, and started again, Even if shes not, we need to do something, Quinn. We need to stop sitting on our hands, waiting for other people to stop the Old Spirits for us. When we get to where were going, I am going to tell Don that I want to be on security with you, and then, we are going to convince him that it is time to end this. We are going to train everything, our bodies, our minds, and our powers. We need to help end this. It just needs to end.
I know, baby. But
But nothing. If you wont help me convince him, then Ill do it myself. If you dont want to go after them, then Ill go alone, if I have to. Or Ill go with the other people on security who want to go. But this ends. As soon as we come up with a plan, and as soon as were trained and ready, this ends. I will end it with or without your help.
Baby 
I stopped us from walking and turned her so she was facing me. Her eyes were red, standing out against her pale skin, almost projecting heat into the cold darkness of the forest. Her stance on the matter was set, unwavering. There was absolutely nothing I could say to convince her of anything else. But I didnt want to convince her that our place was not on the frontlines, because I knew that she was right. The time had come to fight back, and she and I could do it together. Somehow, I knew we could do it. 
I go where you go. I told her, and I could think of no other words that could possibly demonstrate my dedication to both her and this new cause that she was determined to take up. Okay?
Those words seemed to be perfect, though, because a smile pulled at the corner of her lips and her hands wrapped around one of mine. When we turned to keep walking, her hands came up to hold onto one of my arms and her head rested against my shoulder.
The words I didnt think were powerful enough, or right at all, really, changed something forever between us. I couldnt suppress the small smile on my face, and when she looked up at me, the fireflies in the forest, touched by the lightness in her heart, began to light up erratically, lighting the forest path for the rest of us. 
Say it again.
I kissed her, holding my lips to hers for a long time. 
I go where you go.
Everyone holding torches exclaimed loudly as the flames shot into the air like Roman candles. 

Violet

I hadn't had anything to drink since the city had burned. Elijah tried to coax me into drinking water from the stream we had passed, but I pretended that I hadn't heard him. Crying since Maura had died almost three days earlier was draining my body of precious water, and the one chance I had to replenish it had passed for at least another day. Don seemed to know where we were going, or else his stops at places with water and fruit that he claimed were so out of our way were convenient stumbles. Apparently, he and Adam had always had a plan.
After we settled in for the night, and the grieving crowd that was our now mixed group of survivors had started to fall into sleep one by one, I realized just how thirsty I was. Elijah was asleep, leaning against a tree in front of me, and Penny was asleep against James, who for some reason, was still tagging along in our group. I didn't raise the issue because I knew Penny had grown to rely on him. In my state of sadness, I couldn't afford to break my sister's heart by telling her that soon, James would be nothing more than a stranger to us. As soon as Brynna returned, she would make James leave us alone for good. Elijah had already tried, but Penny's attachment ran too deep, and neither of us wanted to be the one to permanently sever it. As usual, the heavy emotional work had to be done by Brynna.
I cried even harder at the thought of her. Several of our people and several Pangaeans had died in the blast. The last I had seen her, she was standing in the doorway of the room where Maura had died, looking unsure of something, but resolved on something else. It sounds strange to say that, but I understood it; she was unsure of whether she was ready to die but resolved to stay with Maura. My sobs intensified, and I covered my mouth to hide the sounds. Getting yelled at for waking people up would certainly not help my mood. In fact, given how frazzled my emotions were, I would more than likely switch over from sadness to anger in a dangerously abrupt second, and people far and wide in our group knew the deadly consequences of that. Somehow, word had spread about what had happened up at the Bachum camp, and though it was greatly exaggerated in most cases with differing details of embellishment depending on who was telling the story, there was one aspect that everyone knew to be true: I had summoned some heavy natural force of the world with my emotions. That was one of the powers of the Four-Armed God, according to the Pangaeans. According to our people, it was a separate power of the evolution; it was an added perk, if you will.
My grief was too strong to focus on deep matters of the universe, so I just buried my face in my lap and cried there. We had been sitting for hours and at first, Elijah and Nick had sworn that they would stay up with me until I fell asleep. Now, they were both snoring away, Elijah in front of me, and Nick behind me with his head hung forward to rest on my shoulder and his arms around my waist. I couldn't blame them for falling asleep. There was something draining emotionally about watching another city get erased from the world in a thundering explosion. Our whole world had gotten destroyed, and most of us had seen it happen in our dreams. Now, we had seen another harrowing, pseudo-apocalyptic event, but this time, we had witnessed it in real time. We had listened as the Pangaeans cried over the loss of their beloved city. We had all grieved people who were blasted away by the flames. Elijah and I were grieving Maura and worrying about Brynna. There was no guarantee that she had escaped the city. There was no guarantee that she hadn't stumbled upon the Bachums and been killed or captured. I had once possessed remnants of her gift, or at least I thought I had, and yet I couldn't channel any semblance of it now. She could close her eyes and find Penny, Violet, Elijah, James, and me, and yet I couldn't find her.
After trying to locate her energy in the world by squeezing my eyes shut, I saw only black. I only opened my eyes when I heard someone kneel down beside me. When I looked over, I scowled darkly even as the tears continued to run down my face, because it was James that I was looking at.
Vi, I know you're mad at me, and I get it, okay? I opened my mouth to retort furiously, but he held up his hand to stop me. No, just let me say this. You're starting to look really sick. You haven't eaten or drank anything in almost three days, and we need to go find you some water, at the very least.
I'm not...
We don't have to talk, and you don't have to like it, but believe me, sweetheart, you're not going to be hanging around much longer unless we go.
We were immortal and ageless, but we could still die. People so often confuse the concept of immortality with the concept of invincibility. Even those gifted with that power, at least in popular comic book-lore, had their downfalls. We couldn't be stricken with cancer or other lethal, almost certainly deadly diseases, but we could still succumb to deadly conditions, like dehydration, starvation, freezing, and burning. We healed much quicker from things like that, but they could still kill us. James was aware that my anxiety had always revolved around different ways that I could die. He was playing on that fear to get me to go with him, for reasons I didn't know. Maybe he wanted to kill me for almost revealing his secret to Brynna before he could. I doubted that, but maybe he wanted to yell at me.
Come on. If you want, I won't say anything, I promise.
Fine. But the second you start trying to tell me why you did it, I am coming back here and taking my chances. I took his hand, and he pulled me to my feet. I don't want to hear your lies.
Where you going? Nick mumbled groggily, and a little too loudly. James and I both shushed him frantically. To the left of us, an older couple were sleeping beside their five grandchildren. The man's eye opened, and he frowned at us.
Sorry. I whispered, and I meant it genuinely. He nodded and closed his eye again.
We're going to find some water. It's fine. Go back to sleep. I told Nick softly. He looked between the two of us and then closed his eyes again.
James made good on his promise not to talk. We walked along in the dark, both with our eyes turned over so we could see. On the ground, I could make out footprints from earlier distinctly. To a human, they would have been barely visible even in broad daylight. But to us, they were deep and pronounced, as though a towering, thunderous giant had stomped each in frustration.
How far away is it?
We've still got a ways to go. About twenty minutes. Can I ask why you didn't just drink water earlier?
Can I ask why you promised Adam that you would hand over my sister?
I couldn't help it. It just had to be said. Once that question had been spat at him, many more venomous queries followed.
Can I ask how you've been able to look at her straight since then? You've been with her for a year now. God, it's been a year, James! Can I ask how you were able to make her trust you like that, when you know how she is, when you know how she doesn't trust anyone, but especially men!? Can I ask how you were willing to trade any human being, not just my sister, who has a family that loves and needs her, over to someone when that person would more than likely be killed?!
He never said he would hurt her, Violet. If he had...
Don't even say that you would have said no! You owed him, and he was going to kill you if you didn't do what he said! Even if he had said that he was going to kill Brynna, you would have handed her over.
I didn't hand her over! I know that it's terrible that I said I would. But you have to understand that before I fell in love with her, she was just some person. She was just somebody that he wanted, and I didn't ask why, but yes, I did know that it probably wasn't good.
Exactly! See, this is why you should have just stayed quiet! You didn't help your case at all! How could you do something like that?! And now, she's probably dead! She probably didn't leave the city because she didn't want to leave Maura's body. After she knew that we had gotten out, she just turned around and went back! Either way, she's probably dead, so I shouldn't be blaming you for anything!
Don't say that!
Now, he was the one who had raised his voice in anger. When I looked over at him in shock, I found that his eyes were widened slightly, but not in rage. I had scared him by saying that. He loved Brynna and couldn't stand the idea of her being hurt or worse. We stopped walking forward, but he continued to pace, running his hand over his head all the while. After another moment, he spoke.
Just don't say that, Violet. If you knew... He stopped, unsure if he wanted to complete that thought out loud.
If I knew what?
I pressed him to finish his sentence just because I knew that doing so would pain him. With that provocation, he did, almost ruthlessly.
If you knew how everything changed... if you knew how the moment I saw her, how whatever ideas in my head about turning her over to him just disappeared. I thought they were still there. I thought I could do it, even after she and I faced the Reapers together. After we got here, he found me, and he kept pestering me to follow through on what I had promised, but I couldn't do it. I told him that I would, but I just needed more time. For some reason, he didn't ask me what I needed time for. I didn't have an answer to that question. You'd think with something like that, that if I stayed near her, I would get more and more attached and that would make trading her harder. He had to have been thinking that. That's true, obviously, but that attachment to her formed immediately, Violet. I went to that bar, and I was sitting in the back, and I couldn't stop staring at her. Once or twice... He actually laughed softly, She scowled at me, like, 'What the hell are you looking at, pervert?' She says that she doesn't remember doing it, but that she does remember seeing me before I actually talked to her.
Are you trying to tell me that you loved her from the moment you saw her? I might be young, James, but I can't be won over by stupid notions of love at first sight. Children believe in that. It's bullshit.
I didn't say I loved her from the moment I saw her. I said that I was attached to her. I cared for her. I wanted nothing more than for her to be alright, and I would die if it meant she would live. Maybe that was my guilt. Maybe I decided I would die for her because I felt guilty about what I had considered, however briefly, doing to her. Handing her over to Adam would be the cruelest thing I could ever do, or would ever do, to another human being. When I saw her, I knew I couldnt do it. There was certainly an attraction there, which disgusted me at first, because she's so much younger than me. The attraction was strong, too. Really strong. Like, strong enough to make me stick with her even when her constant disdain was making me want to glue earplugs into my ears with a hot glue gun. Or binge-eat my feelings.
I couldnt help it. I laughed, and he smiled when I did, and continued to explain himself. I realized I was listening.
Despite all of that, a bond formed between us very quickly, and that bond was stronger than any stupid promise I had made to Adam. I was a coward, plain and simple, for not telling him outright that our deal was off. But I told him three days ago. I told him if he wanted to kill me for not following through on the promise, then he would have to. You can surmise why he didn't.
Why didn't he? We both sat down on the ground, and as I awaited his answer, I studied him intently. There was a sadness in his heart that I had never seen before, in him or any other person. The fear for Brynna was intermixed with a longing for her. It was vast, and tortuous, and miles deep. It rolled and swelled, grew still only to contract into a tight, painful, leaden weight in his chest. He loved her. He loved her so much that her absence and the possibility of that absence being permanent formed a separate entity in his body that was literally consuming his heart and sending out a signal to my prying power that sounded like a wailing siren. I think, even today, that it might have been killing him.
But maybe I was just young and idealistic and blinded by my own adoration of him. Maybe that is why I thought and still do think that, even after everything that has happened since.
Why didnt he, James? I asked.
He was quiet in response to my question, and I could see in the darkness that he was struggling to keep his emotions in check. After a long time, he shrugged and sniffled.
He doesn't want to hurt her.
But Adam doesn't care about us. Do you think that he honestly cares about Brynna, or does he just want her to help him win against Tyre?
Of course he wants her help. Her power is special, from what he said. Either way, I don't want him near her. I don't trust that he won't hurt her. He's been around a long time from what I've heard, and his people are afraid of him. You've seen that, haven't you?
I nodded, but didn't stew over the topic. I waited to see what he would say.
I'm sorry for lying to her. I only told her because I knew that Maura had told you, and that was wrong of me, too. My entire life has changed since she came into it, Violet. My wife and I hated each other literally from like, three days after we got married. We both just went off with whoever we wanted to go off with, and that was that. I shouldn't even be telling you this, and she would kill me if she found out that I was, but I never had a shortage of girlfriends.
I didn't doubt that. Even on Earth, when he was much thinner, he was still almost painfully good-looking. His personality left a lot to be desired, but so few actually care about that.
Even when I met her, I was dating someone else.
You were dating someone else and you left them behind?
This woman I was dating had a husband and several kids.
God, you should have just stayed quiet...
I know that this little tale doesn't cast me in the best light but then, I already look like an asshole, don't I?
Yeah, you do. But that doesn't mean that you shouldn't quit while you're ahead.
Am I ahead at all, really?
No.
Exactly. So I might as well be honest. You're young, so you see me as being completely evil for what I did to your sister, whom you love dearly.
Being young has nothing to do with it! God, I hate when people say that!
It has plenty to do with it, Violet, but that's okay. That's normal. The point I'm trying to make with this story and that statement is that Brynna is, without a doubt, the love of my life. All those other women combined just don't measure up. That sounds crazy, like a complete exaggeration, but it's the truth. I know saying that she's the love of my life is cheesy and outdated, and saying things like that is completely unfitting of my personality, as you know. But that is the truth. That is the only truth there is. And she might be angry at me now, but if it kills me, I am going to make her understand. I am going to spend the rest of our lives making this up to her. I am going to have to gain her trust and prove myself to her all over again, but I want to do that because I want to be with her.
I will admit outwardly that I was moved by what he had said. Also, I secretly wondered if Nick felt that way about me. Besides that, I knew that I loved James like a much older brother. Sometimes, I even wondered if I loved him like a father. Now that my birth dad was out of the picture, I listened to James when he told me his opinions on whether or not I should do something. Sometimes, when I was doing something that I knew was wrong (like sneaking off with Nick, Alice, and Quinn in the middle of the night with little bottles of alcohol), I thought not only about the scolding that I would receive from Brynna but about how disappointed James would be. I didn't want to disappoint either one of them. In a way, they had become my parents. They were already Penny's parents completely, but now I was starting to view them that way, as well.
James, you know that I love you.
I know you do. I love you, too. You drive me crazy, but I love you.
I smiled slightly and looked over at him.
Brynna adores you. Penny adores you. Elijah used to think you were cool, but now...
We both laughed softly.
Yeah, I think I've pretty much shot myself in the foot where he's concerned one too many times.
Definitely. I agreed, I can forgive you for what happened. Now that I'm thinking about it, you've had months to turn her over, and you haven't. It was just the fact that you kept it a secret, and you told Adam...
After the first time, I never told him anything. I said I needed more time. I never once said that I would go through with it.
Either way, you haven't hurt her. You've protected her all of this time, and I know that you really do love her. I know that, and she does, too, deep down. Once she gets done being angry, she'll forgive you. She's gotten better about that here of late. If someone's genuinely sorry, she tends to realize it. She's been accepting apologies a lot easier. But James...
Don't say it. I know. I've been thinking it, too. But don't say it out loud. I can't even begin to think about that, about what it will do to all of us. I can't picture anything without... He shook his head rapidly and blinked several times. Let's just not talk about it, okay? Wherever she is, I know she's looking for us. Tomorrow, I'm heading out to find her.
But if you leave the group, you'll never be able to find us.
I'll follow your footprints. Don't worry about me. Just worry about getting to where we're going. I'll be fine.
At least take someone with you!
Jack, Ronnie, and Andrew are coming with me. I know I don't have to tell you this, but look after Penny. Don't take your eyes off of her. Even though these are Adam's people and they don't believe in the same crap that the cave-dwellers believe in, don't take any chances. I don't think that the Old Spirits only sacrifice kids, but still, you can't be too careful.
You're right. I will. She's going to really miss you. How long will you be gone?
For as long as it takes to find her.
I should have anticipated that answer but hearing it aloud didn't help to calm my rapidly beating heart.
But there are so many of them around.
Who? The Bachums? He tried and failed to stifle a laugh. Yeah, I'm terrified of them, Violet.
James, they just used a mystical weapon that had the effect of like, ten nuclear bombs!
That's a little bit of an exaggeration.
You know what I'm trying to say! They're not just crazy, extreme, religious people anymore. They've got the advantage. We thought that they would be too afraid to go into the city, but they weren't. Did you notice that they had a strategy and everything? They were attacking people in the parts of the city that the sun harness wasn't hitting? So, the people operating the harness and the people on the ground were synchronized. They're not just winging it anymore. They're getting smarter. They're learning how to strike us and actually cause damage.
They've caused damage before. They burned down the house, if you recall.
Of course I recall! Don't you understand, James!? They're winning! We thought it would be so easy to beat them, because we evolved and they didn't. But as it stands right now, they're beating us!
Quiet ensued between us, but when he looked at me, I saw a silent acknowledgment of the fact that I was right. The frown of deep thought that was on his face urged me to ask what was on his mind. But after he shook his head slightly, I realized that he wouldn't tell me even if I did ask.
I just need to find her. In the meantime, we need to find you some water.
We stood up and continued our walk towards the stream. A few rustles in the bushes startled me enough that I grabbed onto his arm and didn't let go. After we found the stream and I had drank enough water to abet the symptoms of dehydration that had begun to rear their ugly heads, I remembered another question that I had wanted to ask. Though caution would tell me not to ask it, I couldn't help myself. I was curious to see his reaction.
Do you think she's with Adam?
Darkness came over his features that had nothing to do with the pitch black night we were experiencing under the canopy of the trees. Because my eyes were turned over, I could see that his had changed colors abruptly, and only one guess was needed to decide what that color was. For a few minutes, I thought that he was not going dignify that question with a response. But as we walked back to where our fellow adrift survivors were slumbering, he looked over at me and said:
I don't know. But if she is, then I know he's taking advantage of his alone time with her to put all sorts of ideas in her head. You and I both know how intelligent she is, but when she's this pissed at me and this upset, he can easily make her think things that aren't true.
But why would he do that? What does he care about the two of you?
After he laughed softly in bitterness, he answered me.
He doesn't just want her power, Violet.

Brynna

The sun had been going down when I had begun to haul Adam along on my back. The trees overhead disoriented me by not allowing even a speck of light to shine through their cover. If I could only have seen the moon, I would have been able to discern the exact time. Hours had passed, I knew. The potent blackness of the forest was not the only evidence of that; the way my muscles were pleading to rest told me how much time had passed, as well.
When my legs literally gave out, and Adam and I both crumpled to the ground, I knew, beyond any shadow of doubt, that we were both going to die. I had failed Adam, because I had not been able to save his life. Failure had always been a fear of mine, but in this case, I was just too tired to dwell on it. I was too tired to beat myself up for once. Beside me, his body was still and rigid; with a jolt of terror in my chest, I realized it was possible that I had been carrying a dead man for hours.
Adam?
I turned him over onto his back and pressed my fingers into the unmoving spot on his neck where his pulse should have been visible, even if only slightly. His heart had slowed so substantially that at first, I did not feel even a shudder. After several long moments, I felt a weak beat. How he was hanging on, I did not know. I did not want to question how it was possible that he was still alive, I just wanted to be grateful for it.
My cold hands were warmed in less than a second when they grasped his face. His fever was high, and for the first time, I noticed that he was trembling. I was wearing a zip-up hoodie (as I always was) over my ripped shirt, and though I was very cold as well, I knew that his need for warmth far outweighed my own. Though he would not fit in the jacket, I could at least spread it over him. After I did that, I rolled my eyes slightly as a thought took hold of me; there was another way to warm him. I hesitated before crawling on top of him and laying my head down where I could listen to his heart's final beats, despite how doing so would break my heart.
I was so tired, and yet I ran two simultaneous counts in my head; one was counting seconds, and the other was counting the beats of his heart. The minute passed, and with slight horror, I realized that his heart-rate had barely scraped thirty beats. Some were so weak that they barely counted, but out of desperation, I counted them anyway.
Adam? I asked after looking up at him. I tapped his cheek lightly, but he gave no response. Adam?
My eyes turned to the heavens as a wave of anger went through me. I could not discern quite from where that sudden onslaught of fury came, but it had come, and there was no fighting it now.
Well, if you are like they say, then I hope you are just thrilled with this new development. He is the only chance we have, and if he dies, you will throw him into the fiery pits of your hell just because he did not agree with you. Now, I am not his biggest fan; certainly not. A part of me still holds onto that fury I felt towards him for starting this war. But the more I see them, and the more cruelty of theirs that I witness, the more I realize that this fight needs to be fought. But is that not always the justification? 'It had to be done.' My mother said the same thing so many times. Surely, she was regurgitating what she had heard from her moronic colleagues. All those 'accidental' bombings, all those senseless battles in that huge war that overruled everything else in the world, all that poison released into our little Orb. We never should have gotten involved. Look at what it did. Look at how many people died. The Earth is gone. And now, I am sitting here, justifying doing it all over again. There are plenty of weapons but way less bodies here, I think. It will be fought and won by one side either way, and one would think that it would end quickly, but apparently, it will not. I saw a fight that went on for ages. I saw him, too. I looked down at Adam, as though God or the Gods would know to whom I was referring simply by following my gaze.
I saw him, and I did not know why. But in my heart, as I looked at him, I felt this great, powerful swelling of love for him. It was a force of nature; it was powered by a will of its own. I could not and still cannot discern whether what I felt was romantic love or just the love of a member of this community, as strange as that sounds. But that does not matter to You at all, does it? He has maybe fifteen minutes left on Purissimus, this place that he loves so much. Now, I cannot help but think that You are taking him away to punish us. You are taking our one chance of winning this war just because he does not believe in sacrificing children and forcing women into roles of submission, and in whatever else those freaks up there believe. And now... I stroked Adam's face once, Now I have to let him go. Then, I have to lie here and wait for my own death. We are far from our people, and if I do not die from my injuries, then I am sure that the Old Spirits or some creature that lives in this forest will find me. But I know it will be the Old Spirits; they will find me, and I have seen snippets of what they can do in my encounters with them. I will be unable to save myself, and James will be unable to save me, and Adam will be unable to save me. I am going to die terribly because you are taking him away.
My voice cracked, and I blinked furiously to keep the tears at bay.
I just want the course to change. I do not want us to die like this. I do not think that he deserves it, even after what he has done. He might be fearsome, and he might be a master manipulator, but he has a good heart. I have seen that, even in fragments. I know that wholeheartedly. I just need something, anything, that will change this. The lines of possible paths have conjoined. God... I actually looked up at the sky, as pathetic as it sounds and as embarrassing as it is to admit it now, I just need another path.
I do not know what I was expecting. Was the thundering voice of God going to come down from the heavens and instruct me on what to do? Or worse, was He going to tell me that after years of being so devoid of all faith in Him, that I was on my own? Both of those options would have been better than the noiselessness that followed my pleas. My vulnerability was making me believe in a phantom version of God that did not exist. I had addressed this being as the God to whom the Bachums prayed, and I certainly did not believe in that vicious, glorified warlord. I did not believe in anything, when I thought about it...
There was the option of attempting to crawl away from Adam, to try to make it back to the group on my own. Even if I had not been so exhausted and even if my body had not been so broken, I would not have done that. After all we had been through together, I could not stand the thought of leaving him. After I had shed tears for him and his fate, I could not bear to let him pass from this world to the next, even if he would never speak a word of farewell to me before he went or even open his eyes to look at me.
God or Gods... I whispered after my head had laid itself back down on his chest. Please help us.
Even asking for help from a higher power in which I barely believed made me want to wash my mouth out with some foul-tasting plant. I did not beseech the assistance of anyone, let alone some deity or deities that, if they existed, probably were not listening anyway.
But just as I was silently scolding myself for that moment of weakness, a single leaf fluttered down right in front of my eyes. It flew sideways in a sudden burst of wind that rippled the trees, and I jumped up, stunned by my willingness to follow what was more than likely just a fallen leaf from one of the many trees that surrounded us.
Something was pulling me forward, some internal faith that had risen to life inside of me quite randomly. Either that, or the undeniably absolute terror that he would die drove me to follow just one leaf blowing in the wind. It seemed so trivial, so silly... and yet so significant, so world-altering. Behind me, Adam murmured in his heavy state of unconsciousness; I knew that he had said my name. I looked over my shoulder, and felt those terrible, persistent tears rush into my eyes again upon seeing him. From far away, even more so than from up close, I could see that within minutes, he would be gone. His pale skin seemed to glow with illness even in the darkness, and even though his sweat had stopped, I could almost feel the heat from his skin reaching me where I stood; my heightened senses and my fear of losing him allowed that.
Hearing him gasp out my name had driven the urge for me to turn back and stay by his side. I feared that if I strayed too far from him, he would have gone by the time I returned. But still, my heart seemed to be pulling further from him while simultaneously beating rapidly in protest because my feet were carrying me away; the confusion registered and rose to frustration as I slid through a brush of the lethal spike-throwing flowers that Andy had warned James and me about at a time that seemed so long ago. Perhaps it was my imagination, but the thicket of them seemed to pull away from me as I walked.
The second I had cleared those deadly plants and several higher standing, less threatening ones, the light of the full moon nearly blinded me. A gasp rose in my throat but I covered my mouth to force it back down.
There was no way the beautiful sight before me could possibly be a trick of the Shadows. No lethal creature could ever replicate such astounding, strangely innocent beauty. A lake whose surface was not rippled by the light, crisp wind was in the center of a large clearing. The trees of all kinds did not appear random in their vast collection anymore; here, their potent colors were faded into a soothing mix of different shades of evergreen by the perfectly round moon that hung in the sky like a last beacon of hope, which in a way, it was. The water still retained its color even in the bright light of that moon. Somehow, I knew that drinking it would have mystical, rejuvenating effects. Somehow, I knew instantly that I had found what was my lastand perhaps onlyway to save Adam.
I hurried back to him, and my body did not even whimper softly when I began to drag him along. That time, I did see the barb-flower trees separate for me. It really had happened, and for a moment, I stopped and stared at them, perplexed as to how and why they would separate for me. By clearing the pathway, they had spared my life. Even after I had pulled Adam to the shore of the lake, I looked back at them over my shoulder, and actually whispered my thanks.
Adam? I said gently, after I had turned back to him. I flipped him onto his back and cupped water into my hands. You have to drink this, okay?
Even in his state, he opened his mouth and allowed me to pour some of the water in. When I went to take another handful, his hand reached out and wrapped around my forearm. When I looked at him in confusion, he shook his head and grunted once as his chest heaved forward.
Oh, my God... Adam?! I exclaimed, but he continued to lurch forward, his hands flying up to grasp the wound. I flung them away and pulled his shirt up only to see thick, green pus oozing from the wound that had turned an even more disturbing shade of black as the time it had been left untreated continued to pass. Red lines ran up his stomach in all directions, and I looked up at him, realizing that I had done more harm than good, I had killed him, I had only caused him more pain before what would have been a silent, unfeeling death...
But then, the lines seemed to reverse. The wound closed slightly. The heat from his body cooled. And then, after all the telling signs of his lethally deteriorated condition had vanished, his eyes opened.
At first he was squinting, and I wondered briefly if he was puzzled as to why I was hovering over him looking like I had been pulled through a hedge backwards, as Maura would say. But when he blinked a few times, I realized that the reason for his look of bewilderment was actually the result of his vision being blurred.
It's Brynna. I told him softly. I grasped his chin and turned his head to both sides to see how the light from the moon affected his pupils. They contracted as they were supposed to and internally, I breathed a sigh of relief.
I know it is you. I could not...
Just be quiet. Take a minute and get your strength back.
Very good line... flattering and complimentary...
Even though I was observing his wound closely to determine how severe the remaining infection was, I took a moment to frown up at him in slightly annoyed consternation.
What are you talking about?
Going to say something flattering...
That is okay. I do not need your flattery. I realized that that sounded very rude and abrupt so I added hastily, But I appreciate it. You need to drink more of this water. It has certainly done you some good, but not nearly enough. You are still very sick...
I moved over to the water's edge, but just as I sunk one hand in (and watched in rapt fascination as the two ends of my broken wrist reattached painlessly, and the circular bruise around the entirety of my wrist from where the vines binding my hands had been so tight erased itself,) he grasped the other.
You cannot! Sacred!
Adam, you are still very sick. You will be able to walk for a little while longer, but I do not know exactly how far.
It is alright. It is fine. With a grimace and slight moan of pain, he heaved his body up into a sitting position. Come along, darling. We need to move away from here.
Why? Are you tempted to drink the 'sacred' water and actually heal yourself completely, which as you know is the intelligent, sensible thing to do? I understand that you have your reservations about doing that because of some fabled...
Please do not insinuate that what I have just said is a fable. You would care very deeply if I insulted your beliefs, would you not?
With more strength than I realized was still in my body, I pulled him towards me and then up onto his feet.
I have very indecisive beliefs, so no, I would not care. Don't touch that.
Because he was still in some pain, his immediate reflex upon standing was to grasp the wound. But when I ordered him not to do it, he held onto my hand instead. After I had rolled my eyes, he chuckled and began to walk us along.
You cannot drink it. He informed me, You are in very severe pain, but you are not dying. You can only drink the healing water if you are dying.
I was not going to drink it anyway. By instinct, I knew that I could not. Though it did heal my wrist. I held it up to show him, and he smiled slightly. Also, I am glad to see that you are leading us somewhat.
Really? I am surprised that you wish to be led. When I did not reply, he suddenly turned serious. You are very tired. I should be carrying you now.
You are still too weak to carry me, and I am fine. I do not need to be carried by anyone, least of all you.
You are colder to me than you were before. I remember very distinctly the tears you shed for me. Obviously, those tears betrayed that you care for me very much.
There was something unrecognizable in his tone. I had heard it before, every time we spoke at the house or in the city. It was cold, taunting, and so disdainful that even I was surprised. I wondered if the water from that healing pond had mental side-effects.
In fact, He continued, I would not be surprised if your tears were shed because of some level of romantic interest in me. When I say that, please know that I am not kidding. I know of your feelings, Brynna Olivier.
My temper flared, and I could not stop myself from pushing him in the chest with both hands. He grabbed onto me to keep from falling backwards, but after a dangerous seesawing motion where he stumbled forward and I leaned backwards, and vice versa, we crashed onto the ground. If I had landed on top of him, I would have been pleased to know that I had caused him at least a small level of pain when my slight weight crushed against his wound. Unfortunately, he had landed on top of me.
My body had steeled itself for the impact of his weight, so I barely felt any pain when he landed. Instead, I felt only that rage still. My feelings were certainly justified, though don't we all believe that? I could not understand why he had teased me so cruelly with something as serious as my feelings. I could not begin to fathom why he had felt it was necessary to call me on such things after I had exhibited that vulnerability with him. After I had saved his life not just by finding a conveniently-placed, sacred lake filled to the brim with healing water, but also by carrying him for mile after mile, day after day, he had the nerve to speak so spitefully to me, and for reasons that I could not possibly guess.
With all of the force left in me, I slapped him hard across the face. As you know by now, I am very fond of slapping. Sometimes, even I cannot resolve conflict with just words. Like an angry bull, he exhaled through his nose. I awaited the moment when he hit me back but instead, he just grasped my wrist firmly in one hand.
Get off of me! I screamed, partly because I was furious that he would grab me, but also because his weight on top of me made me feel dangerously closed in, like I was suffocating inside of a locked trunk. My other hand flew up to hit him. When he grasped that wrist, too, I started to swing my feet up, hoping to hit him hard between the legs. But all he did was maneuver himself so that his legs were holding mine firmly against the hardened earth.
Adam, stop it! I thrashed once to the side and flung my head upwards to try to hit him. He dodged easily. Adam, let me go!
Behind the spiteful glint that I saw in his eyes, there was great pain. Something about what he was doing to me was not entirely malicious, though I certainly could not discern his reasoning with any ease. My heart was pounding quickly, and my brain was transmitting frantically jumping, blurred lines; I could not see his intentions. By the way he was holding me down, though, I could gather that he was not merely trying to keep me from hitting him again.
I had to believe that he was trying to assault me, or at least scare me. Neither of those options seemed to fit the way that terrible look of consternation lingered in his eyes...
I am dangerous. He snarled, only after I had given up fighting. I have done far more evil in my life than any man in possession of a soul should. I feel no remorse for that. I will never regret the things I have done.
Let go of me!
Never again will you shed tears for me. Never again will you feel such pain on my behalf. I have said that I am not a danger to you, but I lied; I am. You will shield your heart from me. I prefer your loathing to your love. Is that understood?
Fury unrivaled by the mythological beasts of the same name (of which there were thousands, according to popular lore) sent savage vibrations throughout me. I itched to scratch his skin, but in what way exactly, I was not sure. Did I want to claw at his face to leave bleeding scratches through his eyes, or did I want to tear my nails down his back as his powerful body ground against mine and his hips thrust him deep inside of me with raw, sensuous impact...
You are saying this to protect me. I blurted out, just to distract myself from the heavy, dense heat that had suddenly resonated between my legs. After a moment, I managed to summon whatever semblance of self-control could be had under those circumstances, and the scowl was able to reemerge on my face.
I have never wanted any parts of you, Adam! My tears were the result of exhaustion. How could you ever think any differently?!
But why did I suddenly feel so aroused? He was holding me down, he was growling his words at me in a sickeningly forceful command. Succumbing to a spell that his powers made available to him was an option. Perhaps he was bewitching my mind and body to bend to his will. I was very tired, and I was vulnerable, admittedly, after losing Maura and James both, in those two completely different ways.
Why are you doing this?! I saved your life! I have not left you behind! I have carried you this whole way when I could have abandoned you! You said that yourself! So let me up, Adam!
You crave my touch, Brynna Olivier. He whispered breathlessly, and he lowered his head so that his mouth hovered dangerously close to mine. Whatever guard he had so quickly built quickly dropped, and I was able to see in him a desire that matched and maybe even dominated my own. I could read his mind because his defenses were down for the count; he was trying to scare me. He knew that we had grown too close. I had cried for him when I did not cry for many people, because I had developed feelings of romantic interest in him, and those same feelings, which had bloomed to life inside of him so long ago, back when I had first came into his sight, were driving him now. He was pushing me away to save me. If we continued on the path down which we were travelling, he would be unable to let me go. His heart would be mine, and he would fight for my own. He had seen, and remembered clearly even though it physically hurt him to do so, what they had done to me when they thought that I was only of slight importance to him. If they knew that he felt such strong affection for me...
On his firm chest, I could feel the heat of fever his infection had caused was returning, and I wanted to rip his shirt from his body and feel his bare skin pressed against mine.
Drunk, my mind was drunk on the sweet, painful lust for him...
You want me to show you just how powerful the pleasure is that I can bring you. His thumb trailed over my lips, and I realized only distantly that he had freed my arms. I want to show you. God, I have never wanted anyone this way...
Adam... I whispered, and my hands grasped his face because I knew that he would kiss my palms. When his lips pressed so tenderly to them, circular scintillations cascaded from the spot where they touched, down my arms, through my chest, and down my stomach to rest heavily where I soon placed his hand. Just shut up and touch me.
In one jerking movement, he had unbuttoned my jeans and pulled them down. My eyes closed, but when I felt the cold air of the forest night on the bare skin of my legs, I opened them again to see him sliding his hand under the hemline of my black thong.
You must leave me. You must, Brynna. Please... He only managed to gasp that to me before his lips were drawn to my bare chest. I did not remember him pulling my shirt off, but I was lying, bare-chested, beneath him.
His words were a ruse, a great deceit, and I was not surprised that the great manipulator was able to lie so effortlessly. I was surprised by how easily I was able to see through his plea into the true message beyond. The opposite of what he was saying was what he truly wanted.
I had begged James to leave me. Toxicity in my heart and soul had been the reason for my warning. Every relationship I had ever forged had been weakened or totally destroyed by how distant, cynical, or downright cruel I could be. James had not run, and maybe he should have, for both of our sakes. I had grown to love him so much, and I still did, even as I prepared (and yearned) to make love to another man, one who could easily snap my frail body in two if I angered him greatly. Associating with him guaranteed my swift rise to the top of our enemies' hit list. My life expectancy would drop dramatically.
I knew all of that, but was I truly willing to risk my life for him?
His hand rubbed me swiftly, perfectly, and an even more intense glow of warmth flowed down to meet his touch. With strength that was far too much for him, he pulled me to him so I was seated in his lap with my legs on either side of his torso. As he moved my hair away from my face with both of his blood-soaked hands, I grasped the firm, rocky muscles of his upper arms. When he leaned forward, I turned my head to the side and felt his cracked lips press lightly to my throat. He kissed me again and again, his lips traveling all the way up to my ear.
Tell me you are sure. He whispered.
In the majority of cases, I am sure follows those words with no effort or second thought. The same way most people answer that they are fine when another inquires about their well-being, most people are able to reply that they are certain when asked, even if they are not.
Adam requested that affirmation from me, and instead of answering, my heart faltered and a small gasp escaped me. My eyes rose to meet his, and tears brimmed there for him to see. My lips parted again, and my mind urged me to say the words, to tell him that I was certain of my desire for him, and unafraid of the consequences of what we were about to do. My voice protested those words at my heart's behest, and as a single tear ran down my face onto his thumb that had risen to meet it and wipe it away, I shook my head.
After what happened... I started, but his finger pressed to my lips gently. In his eyes, I saw no hurt, regret, or offense. I saw only concern for me. There were so many reasons why I stopped us that I did not know where to begin to explain. By stopping me before I could force myself to speak, he was telling me that it was alright for me to avoid that explanation. For his own sake and mine, he did not need or want one.
I pulled the remnants of my shirt on, but after that, he finished dressing me. His eyes whose allure almost pained me stayed fixated on mine as his hands pulled my sweatshirt back onto me. As he pulled the zipper up, I tried again to say something, but he shushed me gently before saying:
I understand, my beauty. I prefer it this way. As much as I want this, and I do more than I could ever possibly say with any coherency; my desire for you is that strong, that I cannot even form the right words. But I cannot. We cannot. You know why as well as I do. But by the one God, I will swear that if this were a different world, one in which you would not suffer from my love, I would love you until the day I left this world, vibrantly, passionately, with no room for you to doubt anything, least of all my devotion to you.
I nodded, pressed my forehead to his, and stroked his cheek with my thumbs on both sides of his face. His fever was returning, and after muttering about doctors and the night becoming very cold, I helped him onto his feet again, and we continued on in silence for a good long while.
Above my head, I could see the sky through the trees; the stars were shining through the clouds just barely. The moon was concealed completely.
Things will never be the same between us now. I whispered so softly that I wondered if I had actually intended for him to hear me. Though he smiled, and even gave me one of his distinctive chuckles, I could tell that he was as saddened by what I had said and as unsure about what our relationship would be from then on out as I was.
You must promise me that you will not tell James.
After a minute, he did promise. I could sense that he wanted to say more on the subject of James, and when I opened my mouth to ask him why, he answered before the question had even come to completion in my mind.
Envy will always be there now. But I know how deeply you love him. He is one of the reasons why you could not say that you were sure. He is one of the reasons why I did not continue. I would gladly steal you away from him, but not while your heart still belonged to him.
Because he had been so honest with me, and laid his heart out for me to see with great hesitation and uncertainty, I knew that even though emotional revelations and deep intimacy were two common roadblocks in situations with others that were capable of provoking hives to spring up all over me, I had to offer him some deep, truthful feeling of my own.
I was not pretending to want you. I wanted to, even though I do not trust you, James, or any other man right now. Even though I want to stand on my own feet again. I say that, and yet I know that as soon as I see him, after what you and I have been through out here, I will fall right back into his arms and forget what he did.
And you should. I will hate myself later for saying this, but you should forgive him, Brynna. He loves you. He has redeemed himself from what he was. As much as it sickens me to say it, to convince you to return to the arms of a man whom I despise, I know that he is the man you love. He will not hurt you. I am almost sure of that now.
I nodded.
There is one more thing that I want to say.
Yes?
I should have said this already.
What is it?
He turned my head so I was looking at him and pressed his lips to mine. That kiss was quick and gentle, but had such deep, resonating passion and feeling that I nearly fell into him as my legs went weak beyond all physiological explanation.
Thank you for saving my life.
He spoke so tenderly that a surprisingly soothing chill tickled my ears. A smile took hold of my lips for the first time in what felt like so long. That peculiar feeling of love surged in my heart for him, quite inexplicably.
I could not explain it, and that was alright.

Quinn

Even though I had wanted to stay with Alice at our new home in the forest, I left to search for Brynna with James, Elijah, and three of James's friends. Adam had many allies, and one of them was a woman as old as he was who housed a large group in a massive village deep within the woods. When we arrived, she had met Don and immediately inquired as to where Adam was. When Don shook his head sadly, she had gasped softly, looking for a minute like she was going to cry, but then, she snapped herself back into professional-mode and continued to go about welcoming the rest of us, albeit with a much smaller smile on her face. First, she instructed her people to show us to our houses, and then she pointed Don in the direction of the large stone structure that was the town's makeshift prison. Alice and I watched as Don hauled the woman we had found off, shouting over his shoulder that her children were to be kept in separate cells from her.
Brynna will help her when she gets back. She'll convince him that they're alright. They're not with the Bachums anymore. Alice whispered in reassurance that was barely convincing. Her sweating hand took hold of my own.
He better not hurt her. He already killed Maura because he let his little interrogation get too far out of control.
I didn't do anything. I didn't. We could hear the woman telling Don, and her voice was on the verge of breaking now. Please just let my children go.
It was easier to refer to her as the woman and not by her first name. By referring to her ambiguously, we were able to pretend that Don's cruel acts towards her were being carried out on a shadow, a thin wisp of smoke, a delusion... That type of thinking would become commonplace over the following years.
Don had told us that after he had allowed James to free the woman and her children from their cells in the jail under Adam's massive house, they had been calm until the blasts began. Then, they ran off, and he had heard her screaming for one of the men we knew to be one of Tyre's most devout followers. Others had heard her doing that, not just Don, or else I wouldn't have believed it in the slightest. She had obviously prearranged with her daughter that if they were captured, she was to take her brother and run. Don had been so preoccupied trying to catch the woman that he had ignored her children, at least at first. Her daughter made it all the way to the woods before Dons goons caught her.
She tried to run away. He told us of the woman, She was yelling for Paul. We all know what he's done. There's no debating this. She was sent here. We were supposed to find her!
The evidence was shaky at best, but Don needing only a shred of belief that someone was guilty in order to hold them as prisoners (and subject them to awful things that will go unmentioned) would also become common very soon.
Somehow, we were able to force that woman (and the mental images of whatever Don was going to inflict on her) far away to the darkest reaches of our minds. Instead, we turned and walked up the wide dirt path before us that was lit with moving yellow lights. Upon looking closely, I found that the lanterns beside the path were filled with fireflies. Alice actually giggled slightly at the sight; it was so fantastical, almost like something out of an old children's story. After I had wrapped my arm around her shoulders, she rested her head underneath of mine, and we walked along like that with the rest of our group.
The Pangaean people who were leading our group along stopped us to explain the housing choices. We decided as a group that families would take the larger homes, and couples like Alice and I would take the ones that had one bedroom and one bathroom.
Fine with me. Alice muttered beside me. At least we won't have to sleep outside in tents again.
I know, right? We'll have running water and a kitchen again. Plus, we'll be living completely alone this time.
She beamed brilliantly and clapped her hands in an unprecedented show of intense joy. Once again, we were restarting our lives in another place, but at least we were still living. After Don's house had been burned down, everyone in our group had been uncertain of where we would end up. For a minute, it had looked like those who Don had deemed dispensable would be left behind. Now, we had all safely arrived and were ready to start over. Like everything else on Pangaea, the forest village was almost too beautiful to be believed. In the twilight, the lights from the firefly lamps glowed warmly, and the trees with the houses perched high in their branches lined the pathway as far as I could see.
Here you go. The Pangaean man told Alice and me kindly when we stopped at a particularly nice looking house.
Wow. Alice said, absolutely beaming in delight, This one is really beautiful. Thank you!
Mr. Abba told us that you are good friends with his... What did he call her? His second, or something similar to that? Something with command?
Second-in-command? Alice and I responded simultaneously, and with similar looks of shock.
That is it. The man told us with a smile. His second-in-command is not here yet, he says. But you two are her good friends. He asked that I give you one of our best. Enjoy.
With that, he walked away, completely unaware of the bombshell that he had just dropped on us. As we climbed the stairs crafted from logs to the reach the porch of our new home, we were silent in our separate efforts to process the information that had just been given to us.
I... Alice started, I am shocked by this.
Maybe he wasn't talking about Brynna. She isn't the only one who hasn't gotten here yet.
Yeah, but she's the one who we're friends with. What the hell? She had started to walk into the darkened house, but I had grasped her wrist to stop her. What?
I have to carry you inside.
A grin tugged at her lips, erasing the grimace of confusion that had been there only a moment earlier. When I scooped her up into my arms, she actually laughed so loudly that the people going into their house directly across the pathway and on either side of us looked over.
Sorry! She called to them through her hysterical laughter. I'm not sorry!
By then, I was laughing, too. I carried her inside of our house, and after fumbling around in the dark for a few minutes, we managed to find a lantern in the back of the room we were in.
The house was already fully furnished, which saved me the trouble of having to build furniture; I had no knowledge of making furniture, though Alice and I had said that it would be me who would be responsible for that task. There were already curtains hanging around each of the windows, which saved Alice the trouble of having to sew them. There was a kitchen with a wood-burning stove in one corner, and after venturing in further, we found a door that led to a set of stairs. When we went down those stairs, we found that we were in a cold room underneath of the house.
It's like a walk-in fridge. She realized aloud, How does it stay so cold?
Look around the walls. This is that stuff that Don made from that one tree in the forest. Remember?
Oh, yeah! It gets cold when it's left in the dark. God, that's still cool. No pun intended.
I laughed, and started to crawl back towards the stairs; the room was very small, and we both had to crouch down in order to get in and out of it.
There is no way we'll ever have enough food to fill this whole thing up. I said after we had gone upstairs again.
We can hide bodies, though, so that's a plus.
I was wondering how we were going to keep them fresh. Good call, babe.
We were both chuckling again as we continued to explore our new home. There was one large bedroom, where we would be sleeping. The bathroom was just off of that room. Being friends with Brynna had its perks because besides the master bedroom, we also had two more.
Do you think if we take the beds out, we can change it into something else?
We shouldn't take the beds out! What if we have company? What if Violet and Nick come over and stay the night, or something? She protested.
Why would Violet and Nick spend the night when Violet lives right next door, and he lives with Tom and Mike right across the way?
Maybe they'll want somewhere to stay overnight. You know Brynna won't let him stay over in Violets room.
Oh, Brynna, and her weird old-fashioned ways.
That's not old-fashioned. I'm not saying that I disagree with her. But they'll probably come over here. We can still use those rooms for other stuff. I mean, look at how much room there is in here. She gestured to the second bedroom that was right next to ours. I can do yoga in here right in front of that huge, amazing window.
Whoa... This extra space is not going to be your yoga room. This is going to be my weight room.
You don't have any weights!
Youve never done yoga a day in your life! I'll make some weights. I replied, and we were both cracking up again.
Youve never lifted weight a day in your life!
Yeah, right! I had to lift weights for football all the time. There were rules, Allie!
Oh, as if you actually lifted weights! When I had softball practice, I always walked by the gym, and wed all peek in at you, and youd always be drinking Gatorade and trying to do pull-ups or push-ups. Trying being the key word there. 
I gaped at her, stammering as I tried to come up with a sufficient response. Finally, I settled on:
Jeez, stalker.
You know it.
Well, fine, maybe I didnt lift weights for football like I was supposed to. Maybe I should apologize for having such an epic body that my coaches had no idea that I did nothing in the Gym but drink Gatorade.
And try to do push-ups and pull-ups. Sadly, I might add.
Well, don't you want me to keep myself in such good shape? By actually lifting weights.
Of course I do. I mean, honestly, I guess its a good thing for you to have a weight room, especially a weight room with a bed in it. Then if I ever get mad at you, you won't have to sleep out in the living room. You can sleep in here!
Oh, I would be the one getting kicked out of the room? I don't think so, punk. I think you'd be the one coming in here and sleeping.
Is that what you think?
Yeah, it is!
She zoomed forward and pressed her lips to mine hard, and together, we fell backwards onto the bed in the yoga/weight room. If I look back on that now, I shake my head slightly, because after all that we had been through over the previous days, we were only focused on each other. We were still so selfish. In the houses around us, people were mourning their losses, of loved ones, of homes, of their leader. We were giggling hysterically about having our own home and speculating wildly on how we would use all the space. I know this seems redundant, and that I have said it before, but after everything that has occurred over these years, I can't help but chide my younger self for being so self-centered. I can see now why things turned out the way they did.
Later, Alice and I were in the kitchen, cooking a barely passable stir-fry made from orange cabbage, onions, green peppers, and the oversized purple broccoli.
We need potatoes. I told Alice.
No, we don't.
Yeah, we do. And butter.
Yes, let's get down with the carbs, baby.
They brought potatoes and butter to us! We need to use them!
Or we could just try to be healthy. Werent we just talking about staying in shape? Would you like some Gatorade, too? Would you like to pretend to do push-ups while I cook?
I laughed hysterically at that, literally doubling over and holding my stomach.
We need to stay like we are now. Look at us.
Yeah, we look sick. Put the damn potatoes in, spazoid.
Did you just call me spazoid?! She exclaimed through her own hysterical laughter. I haven't heard that since like... Oh, my God, I don't think I've ever heard that.
When the knock came, I walked away, still chuckling to myself when I heard that she was still laughing. After opening the door, my spirits dropped, as I received a rough dose of reality. James, Nick, and Elijah were standing there, though Elijah and James were standing as far away from one another as the small space on the porch would allow. Guiltily, I looked away from them without giving away why; I pretended to be looking back at Alice but instead, I was erasing the smile from my face; their animosity towards each other was disturbing, considering that they had been getting along so well before, but there was an air of ridiculousness to it that I couldn't deny, and that always made me laugh. They were like two stubborn children. When I looked back at them, I had my head back in the game.
We headin' out? I asked them.
Yeah. We were coming by to see if you were coming with us, but obviously, you are.
Come in.
Alice came out of the kitchen and hugged each of them without a word.
I don't care about it, James. She said suddenly when her arms were around him. I might not be able to read minds like Brynn, but I can tell what you're thinking. And I don't care about what happened.
Yeah, you and my sister both. All of a sudden, Violet doesn't care, either. Elijah replied bitterly. I can promise you, Brynna will still care. You two can forgive him, but she certainly won't.
Eli... Alice muttered, and she grasped his hand. We can't afford this right now. Don't you see that? We need to pull together to find her. We've been through so much together, and we're family now. All of us. You have to agree with that. Don't you agree?
I agree that you two are family. He was, until we found out what he had done.
Don't try to reason with him right now, Al. Just let it go. We need to get out of here. The longer we stay here and argue, the smaller our chance of finding her gets.
Alright. I've got dinner on the stove, but I'll put it away until later. Unless you guys are hungry...
We shoved some food down before we left, but thanks. And Quinn, maybe... Elijah looked over at me, and I didn't realize what he was trying to say before Alice did. When I looked at her, her expression had soured and her hands had flown down to rest on her hips. When her head cocked to the side, James, Nick, and I raised our eyebrows and turned away, preparing for the blowup.
Are you trying to tell him that I shouldn't come? Are you asking him discreetly to tell me to stay put, Elijah Daniel Olivier? Because I'm a girl, I'm not allowed to come with you to search for Brynn?! And I take offense to the fact that you're asking him to ask me instead of just asking me directly! What is this?! The Bachum camp?! Am I not allowed to speak for myself?!
Whoa! Elijah exclaimed, Dude, it's not like that! I was just wondering if you would stay behind and keep an eye on Violet and Penny? Obviously, I'm not going to ask Quinn to do that.
And why not? That sounds distinctly like babysitting, which has always been a girl job, and going out on a brave and daring rescue missions sounds distinctly like a boy job! Also, you were asking him to ask me to stay behind. You were going to suggest to him that I shouldn't come!
Maybe I was.
Bad move, dude. Nick shook his head slightly.
Yeah, it is a bad move, but thanks for standing with me, assholes! He admitted begrudgingly, She's giving me the crazy eyes!
I'm about to give you a crazy foot up the ass, if you ever do something like that again. Yes, I will stay behind to look after Violet and Penny. I will bring them my wonderful stir-fry that will now include all of Quinn's potatoes and butter.
What?! What did I do?!
You turned away when you knew the claws were going to come out. You should have joined me in my feminist rant.
You know who would have joined you in your feminist rant? James asked somewhat impatiently. Brynna. Let's go, gentlemen. The other guys are waiting for us. Xena, Warrior Princess, you're with me on the next one, okay?
Thank you. Alice replied with a smile.
Despite ourselves, we laughed. Once again, James was able to bring levity to the situation we found ourselves in. In the times that were the darkest, he was always able to bring a little light.
I remember distinctly thinking how that ability would completely disappear if he lost Brynna forever. Even if they were never a couple again, he would not be able to live. But if she had died, in the fire, in the woods, at the hands of an Old Spirit, or a creature, he would never forgive himself. I knew by looking at him, at how pale, sickly, and tired he looked, that if he lost Brynna, he'd never be the same.
When I kissed Alice goodbye, a chill went through me. I could sympathize with James completely, because I knew that if I lost Alice, nothing would ever be the same for me, either.
***

Immediately, I wondered why more of our people weren't heading out, so like a total idiot, I asked James.
Because Don seems to think that if they didn't show, it means that they're dead. He's not leaving any room to argue. He doesn't want to believe anything else. Personally, I think he's glad to be rid of them. Yeah, he told me that he asked Brynna to be his second-in-command, and she said yes, which I sincerely doubt to be true...
Well, if it's not true, he certainly thinks it is. One of the Pangaean guys showed us to our house, which is massive, by the way, and he said that we're friends of Don's second-in-command, and we get preferred treatment, essentially.
Yeah, they didn't say that to us, but they insinuated it. So of course, I confronted Don about it. That son of a bitch really seems to think he's smart. I'm sure the only reason Brynna agreed, if she did in fact agree, is because she wants to keep a close eye on things. You and I both know that if that piece of shit wants something done, he's going to do it whether she says it's alright or not.
What do you mean? Like...
I mean that if he wants to kill someone, or rape someone, or beat the shit out of someone, he's going to do it even if Brynna tells him she doesn't want him to. And that's why she's doing this, you know. She wants to keep people safe because Maura is gone. Hell, even if Maura weren't gone, she would still want to keep Don from doing what he does best. Have you heard these stories, Quinn? Have the other guys on security told you?
No. Well, maybe. What are you talking about? Something Don did?
No, not did. Does. He likes causing pain, Quinn. Not guys, though. Girls... Women, I should say.
Are you saying he's a rapist?! I exclaimed in complete horror. Who told you that?!
I didn't say 'rapist.' Do you really think that he would still be around if he was doing this stuff against their will? With our violent track record as a group, he never would have survived if he were raping people's wives and sisters and girlfriends. I'm saying that he's powerful, so some ladies find that attractive.
Ew! I actually grimaced in disgust. I had believed that Don was an alright guy; I knew he had flaws, but he had opened his home to all of us and kept us fed and sheltered. Now, that was being called into question. One thing that did not require even the slightest bit of questioning was that he was not an attractive guy. Any woman who slept with him was either out of her mind or had poor eyesight. Nine times out of ten, the guy looked like a tiny lemur that had just crossed paths with a tiger. (Brynna would be very proud of that simile, partially because she was the tiger.)
I know he's nothing to look at. But think about it; the guy is our de facto leader, right? For some reason, some ladies find that sort of thing to be... I don't know, stimulating, I guess.
But why? What does him having some tiny semblance...
It's not a tiny semblance. The guy is plenty powerful.
Maybe he is. But what difference does that make?
Do you really think that I understand why women think the way they do? Obviously, this isn't all women. But I'm telling you right now, in general, I don't know how their minds work. It doesn't even matter. The bottom line is, women want to sleep with Don, and when they do, they go along with whatever he says. Now, Bennie told me that Nicole told her...
Rumor mill. I interrupted him.
Oh my God, you are the worst listener ever! He exclaimed. What is your objection now?
How can you believe Bennie and Nicole? Come on, they're always stirring shit up.
As we walked, he looked over at me. When he didn't speak for a long time, I turned my head to look at him.
What?! I asked impatiently. I love them both, but it's true!
That's not why I'm refraining from answering your question. I'm starting to understand why Brynna gets so mad when I do this to her.
Don't be mad, man. Come on, tell me.
Fine, but only because I don't want you to let Alice get sucked into this.
Ew! I exclaimed so loudly that the five other people in our search party turned back to look at us curiously. Sorry. I lowered my voice when I looked back at him. Alice would never sleep with Don!
I don't think she would, either! Nor do I think Brynna or Violet would ever do it. But apparently, Bennie and Nicole didn't think that... James looked around the darkened forest, as though there were people from our group among the trees eavesdropping. When he saw only the blackness around us, he continued, Whitney, Dee, Ana, Aisha, or Holly would do it, either.
What?! My whisper was almost loud enough to alert Nick, Eli, and James's three friends that our serious conversation was still going on. I'm shocked about all of them, but Dee?!
Why do you think she and Henry arent living together anymore?
That's why?! She slept with Don?! Dee?!
Picture the most wholesome person you know. One who attends church, runs charities, smiles at everyone, always has a kind word to say, loves to babysit children, gives said children presents just because she loves to spoil them...That was Dee.
And Aisha?! But Frank only just died!
I know. I heard about that from Greg. A part of me wonders if he can use his power to make them go along with it. I mean, I was just as shocked when Henry told me about what Dee did, and I asked him if he thought that maybe Don had controlled her emotions or something. But you know Henry has that power, and he says that it doesn't work like that. You can only control people's emotions once in a blue moon, and only for catastrophic reasons, he said.
Like what kind of catastrophic reasons?
Like if you're trying to kill someone, or a whole group of people. You can take one's fear and infect all the others. He did it to a group of Bachums when they invaded the house. He said they became suspicious of each other, and ripped one another to shreds.
That's pretty awesome. I muttered incredulously.
It is, kind of. But Rael, you know, the Pangaean spirit guide for the Ares?
Yeah, I hear about Rael from Violet and Allie all the time I said with an eye roll, They say hes the spitting image of Denzel Washington in Training Day. And then they giggle hysterically.
Holy shit James said, Theyre right. Anyway, so Rael says that as we get more powerful over the coming years, the Ares might be able to control peoples emotions, but even then, its really rare. He says its not possible for Don to have that ability.
So Don has been seducing these ladies, some of whom have been married, to have sex with him, and, what? He's into S and M or something?
It goes way beyond that. The guy is crazy. Whitney came out of there crying about it to Mike. She said that he's not just into whips and chains and all that nonsense, but that he hurt her. And Mike said that she has cuts and bruises all over her. But she says she was willing, so none of us have done anything about it.
Why would she agree to that? He has to be controlling her mind!
I'm not going to explain that to you unless you really, really need me to. Even then, I still might not.
I don't get it! Please, explain it to me! Why would she let him do all of that to her? If he started getting rough, or whatever you want to call it, why didn't she stop him?
She says she didn't want him to stop at the time but that later, when she saw the effects of what he had done, she regretted it. I was there when she told that part of the story, and I don't really believe it. She just didn't seem that upset to me. Like, it wasn't that she was in shock, or something like that. She just seemed to be saying what she knew Mike wanted to hear, or what she expected us to want to hear. You know what I mean?
No. I shook my head back and forth emphatically. I have literally no idea. Either way, what does this have to do with Brynna? That's how this whole mess of a conversation got started. You said that she wanted to be there to stop him from doing that to those women. Well, if they volunteered for it, then she doesn't have to stop anything. And if they volunteered for it, Don's not a rapist, he's just a guy that's into weird-ass, kinky shit. It's disgusting, and I could literally throw up just thinking about it, but that could be all there is to it, you know?
No. Those women might have been volunteers. But that woman he has now isn't. Brynna found that woman, and even though she pretty much loathes the sight of maternal figures, that woman is still a mom to those kids, and Brynna won't want anything bad to happen to her. So, to get back to what we were talking about earlier, Brynna probably agreed to work with Don in order to spare whatever female prisoners we take from suffering against their will what those women wanted to have happen to them. Do you see what I'm saying?
I nodded but didn't say anything. Ice had filled up my chest, and I stared straight ahead, contemplating all that had been said. How could I not have seen that side of Don? If he was what James was saying, there would have been warning signs. There would have been something imposing about him, at the very least. I wasn't afraid of Don in the slightest, and not many other people were, either, until that night when he had lost his temper and the entire house had shaken. People respected the hell out of him for all he had done, but they certainly weren't afraid to cross him.
Or maybe they were, and I had been too ignorant to see it. Maybe while I was wrapped up in appreciating mine and Alice's new life, I had missed the warning signs of what he really was. If I had known that harm was going to come to that woman and her children, I would have encouraged them to run. Like a nave child, I had believed that Don would offer them safety and promise them a better life than what they had left. That was what he had done for us, after all.
As we searched, I tried to keep that woman's face out of my mind. Every time I tried to suppress the vague details I could recall, she made another surprise appearance before my eyes in the darkness. I tried not to picture her face contorted into a cry of fear or a scream of pain, but as is always the case when you try not to see something, I saw those two expressions with perfect clarity. I could almost hear her children crying for her.
The only way to stop Don was to find Brynna. From then until the end, she would be his opposite, his foil, his enemy at times, but his silently cunning ally at all other times. Her goodness that she kept hidden from everyone (even us, most of the time) would save that woman. It would not be until she was betrayed in the worst ways that her goodness would die off. Only after the light had failed her would she embrace the darkness that I have grown so used to seeing these days. I can't chide her for that; I embrace the very same shade of black, the darkest shade, the very last one there is.
I shouldn't be giving all of this away.
***

We continued on, moving in grids that Elijah had devised mentally. Because we all wanted to avoid the inevitable consequence of splitting up (which was that we wouldn't be able to find each other), we were constantly shouting to one another when we ran off in different directions. All around us, the deer were dropping down into the dirt to hide from us, and the birds, which I could see perfectly even though it was dark, were poking their heads up over the sides of their nests and looking down at us almost angrily.
Sorry. I murmured to a particularly scary looking vulture that was perched over top of me in a tree. Its small eyes blinked at me, and its mouth opened as though it wanted to squawk in a loud, echoing reprimand but instead, it simply turned around so that its feathery butt was facing me. My eyebrows wrinkled, and I said, Well, screw you, too.
Abruptly, it turned around, screeched loudly at me, and with a start and a small exclamation of horror, I turned and ran further up my designated grid-path. I could hear it clucking behind me; the sound almost made me think it was laughing at me.  
As weird as it sounds, I immediately believed that I had just seen a sign. If you're familiar with all that I've written up until this point, then you know that Alice was the more faithful of the two of us. I tended to stay grounded in logical reality at all times. But a vulture is known as a bird whose life depends on death, and a part of me wonderedand dreaded almost to a point of sickening desperationif that bird was trying to tell me that the girl I was searching for was already gone; my efforts were funny to it because it knew the truth.
No. I said out loud, just to make those thoughts go away. She's out there.
You are right. Her very weary voice agreed behind me. I jumped, exclaimed, and thrashed my hands backwards as I whipped around to face her. She dodged me by walking backwards several steps more quickly than she seemed capable of.
Brynn! I exclaimed with a sigh of relief. She was bruised, bloodied, and her clothes were torn, but she was alive; there were burns on her, too, but she had not been burnt up completely by the fires in the city. She looked and sounded so tired, but the reason for her exhaustion was draped around her shoulders, struggling to remain alert.
He is very sick, Quinn. She paused. Sorry. I forwent a traditional greeting, or at least one that is similar to your exultation. Quinn!
Even her sass and overly in-depth sentences were lacking. I could forgive her for that, obviously. I laughed somewhat hysterically and hugged her.
Believe it or not, I would embrace you back, but my hands are otherwise preoccupied holding this poor man up.
Oh, right! Sorry. I peeled Adam's arms from around her and pulled his weight onto me. Instantly, I stumbled several feet and crashed into a tree. Whoa! Brynna, how were you carrying him?
She was doubled over with her hands resting on her knees; through her long hair, I could see that her eyes were closed. From the way she was biting her lip, I could gather that she was in some pain, but until she stood up and actually whimpered, so softly that I barely heard her, I realized that it was severe.
James! Eli! Nick! I shouted as loudly as I could. Adam gave a start beside me but didn't open his eyes. I did think that I heard him mutter Brynna's name. I couldn't be sure, but apparently, Brynna had heard, because she zoomed forward, fell into us both, and, after she had gathered herself together, grasped his face in both hands.
I'm right here. She whispered, and the gentleness of her tone shocked me to a point that I actually grimaced. Her eyes met mine, and she read my expression, but after looking thoughtful, she didn't offer an explanation. We found them. You are going to be alright. Just like I promised.
His head came forward and rested against her shoulder. Her trembling arms embraced him, and she whispered to him again that she was right there with him, that no one had taken her, that she was alright, too...
I was very confused, so I wanted to ask her why the hell she was suddenly being so nice to Adam. Instead, I could only focus on the fact that a knob in the tree was cutting into my back, and Adam crushing me was beginning to make it hard for me to breathe.
I'm kind of in some pain here. I interrupted her when she continued to talk to Adam.
She seemed genuinely irritated to be interrupted, but then, her senses returned to her, and with a great heave, she pulled him off of me. When she stumbled back a few steps, I grabbed onto one of his arms and took some of his weight. Together, we were able to hold him up.
His fever is really high, Brynna. And that wound smells like its rotting.
It is rotting. I've done everything in my power... One minute he's fine, then he gets sick again, and I do what I can, and then he gets sick again... I found a stream, and he said it was sacred, but the water healed him, only he didn't get enough, and that's why he's still sick... He was fine for several miles, and now, he's right back to where he was. He died once, I think...
Alright, alright... I told her gently. It's okay, Brynn. Just relax.
I cannot relax! She gasped out. I can't. I just need to get him to a doctor, Quinn. I need to get him help.
We will. I promise. James! Eli! Nick! I called again, and this time, they came to us.
Oh, my God... James rushed forward, and in a blink, he pulled Brynna from under Adam's arm gently. Nick ran forward just in time to pick up her slack, and it was a good thing, too, because I had nearly fallen sideways again.
When he had first pulled her away from Adam, Brynna had thrown her arms around James and buried her face in his neck. His own arms grasped her with the same protective strength that I would use if I had not seen Alice for days and had dreaded the possibility that she had died. He ran his hand down the back of her matted hair, and kissed her cheek every few seconds. They were talking to each other, but Nick and I both turned our hearing to the noises of the forest, so as not to eavesdrop. I only heard one thing that James said:
I'm sorry.
And that was when she pulled away from him. That was also when Elijah appeared behind us.
Hey, Brynn. He said with even more relief than I had had in my voice when I had first seen her. She hobbled towards him and embraced him, too. I have to say, that even though she was clearly relieved and ecstatic to see him, there was something less passionate about the way that she hugged him in comparison to the way she hugged James. Obviously, that sounds weird to say, but I don't mean it in a weird way. I just mean that she seemed more teary, we'll say, when she saw James for the first time than when she saw Elijah. Maybe she knew that Elijah was alright, and she had been unsure about James. Maybe while she was out in the woods, she was thinking about how they had parted on such bad terms, and she had known that if she died, she would never be able to hear his explanation, and maybe forgive him in the end.
Penny and Violet? She asked.
They're fine. They're mad worried about you, but they're back at the house, and they're okay.
She refused to let Elijah or James carry her back. When they kept insisting, she shook her head vehemently, and said:
I have walked this far, and I will walk the rest of the way.
And she did, though Elijah had to guide her along.
Do they have a place where they put people who are sick? Like a hospital? I heard her ask as we crossed over the circle of black ash that surrounded the village. For the first time, I noticed that even when the wind blew, the ash stayed put. I wanted to reach down and touch it, to see if it was held together by a gel or something, but if I bent down, Adam, Nick, and I would fall.
They have an infirmary. Nick told her, Once we get him inside, I'll go get one of the doctors.
I'm going with you. She said, as though that should have been obvious.
No, you're not. Elijah told her in a tone that was the perfect mix between gentle and firm. You need to go to sleep, Brynna. You've been out there for three days, and you've been carrying him. Look at how youre walking. You look like a hunchback.
That is really rude, and it is irrelevant, and I am going with Nick and Quinn, and Violet and Penny are probably sleeping. Her brows furrowed slightly, and she looked up at Elijah. That sentence was very long and stupid. I am tired.
See? It's proof. You need to go back to the house and go to sleep, Brynna. James chimed in.
No. She insisted, And don't pretend that you actually think I should do that! You're only saying that to get back on his good side! And... yeah!
She stormed ahead of us, leaving Elijah and James to hiss furiously at one another that he (meaning Elijah) didn't need him (meaning James) to help him, and he (meaning Elijah) would handle the situation (meaning Brynna being so frustratingly stubborn, as always) by himself, and how he (meaning James) didn't care what he (meaning Elijah) said, he (meaning James) was going to be there for that situation (and he said that last part very sarcastically, which should come as no surprise.)
Do you even know where you're going, Brynna? Nick called up to her.
No. But I can hear you two behind me, so I know that we're going in the right direction.
And we were. When the infirmary came into view, so did the many stairs that led up to it. Nick and I managed to glance at one another, and we frowned. How we were going to get Adam up the steps, we didn't know. When we tried to lift him onto the first step, we just couldn't do it.
Move, you pansies... Brynna muttered irritably. She shoved us out of the way and took one of his arms around her neck. Just stay behind us so we don't fall backwards down these stairs, please.
Whoa. You actually said please. I told her. You must be tired.
Shut up, Quinnevra. She grasped Adam's face again, and turned his head so she could whisper into his ear. We have to get you up these steps, Adam. We're at the hospital, but none of us can carry you. I need you to try to step up.
He gave her an almost imperceptible nod of the head, and his leg lifted up enough that he could walk up the steps.
Almost there, honey. She whispered to him at one point. We're so close.
Nick and I looked at each other in shock and also, a little bit of horror. It was just so weird!
When we reached the landing at the top, we were all huffing and puffing. Brynna's back was against the wall of the building, and Adam was rested against her front, with his head buried beneath hers.
Are you 'roiding out, Brynn? I asked.
No. She muttered as she turned Adam and walked him through the door that Nick had pushed open. I'm determined. Both of you go get one Pangaean doctor and one of ours.
Why? Nick asked. Why can't we just get one or the other?
Because the blade that he was stabbed with was poisoned with something, so we will need a Pangaean doctor's knowledge on how to counter the poison, and our doctors need to see how to deal with it. Should this ever happen again, and they have to cure it, they need to know how. Go!
Brynna... Adam muttered, and his eyes opened.
Oh, yeah, what a convenient time to wake up! I exclaimed as I headed out the door.
I scrambled down the stairs and down the main pathway of the village until I reached Dr. Terry's door. Nick was going to get one of the Pangaean doctors. After I had told him what was happening, and he went on his way to the infirmary, I turned and headed back to my house. We had only been out for several hours, and I couldn't imagine what it had been like for Brynna to be out there, responsible for both her life and Adam's for three days.
More than anything, though, I wondered what had happened between them. Something told me that she hadn't just saved his life. By the way she was acting towards him, I could guess that either they had become friends, or maybe, something more.
Whatever it was, Alice would probably know, so I hurried up the steps to ask her.

Violet

I miss Brynna. I want her to read me a story. Penny cried to me as I laid her down in bed. Her room in our new house was too spacious for a girl her age. The size of the room would have been alright if it weren't for the fact that she had no toys to play with, or even paper and crayons to color with. I wondered how I would keep her entertained if the worst had happened to Brynna. I wondered far too many things, and not all of them were in regards to Penny, when I was thinking, dreading, that Brynna was gone.
I'm sorry, honey. I told her, She'll be back soon, and she'll tell you as many stories as you want.
I'm scared that she's not going to come home! Big tears fell from those round eyes that were identical to our sister's. While stifling tears of my own, I pushed her soft brown hair away from her face and kissed her forehead.
Don't worry about that, Penny. She'd never leave us, not for anything, okay? She's probably on her way now.
But when will she get here? I need to know exactly when, Vi!
I couldn't say that I didn't know, as that would alert her to the fact that my own hope in Brynna returning was dying out. So, instead, I gave the first answer that popped into my head.
The day after tomorrow. That's what James said.
I almost grimaced; now I had implicated James in my lie. He would be the one she blamed if and when Brynna didn't show up.
What I said got the desired effect, even if it was a lie. Penny's tears stopped, and she smiled up at me as she wiped the dampness from her cheeks.
Well, if James said it, then it must be true.
The irony of it was that if James said it, it probably wasn't true
I had definitely forgiven him for what he had done. Actions speak louder than words, to quote the old clich, and though he had had many chances to turn on Brynna, he hadn't. Adam had to have grown impatient and his threats had to have gotten more severe, but James hadnt given in. I knew that he genuinely loved Brynna, despite what Maura had said.
Maura. After Penny dropped off to sleep, I went into the living room of our house, plopped down on the plushy white couch, buried my face in my hands, and started to cry. The guilt was on a level that I never could have expected. I had promised her that I would keep her safe and that she was coming with me to a better life than the one she had with my father. I had promised that no one would hurt her, and Don had killed her. It had not been painless, nor had it been quick. She had suffered all the way to the end.
Then again, I didn't know what had happened in her absolute, final moments. I hadn't gotten a chance to ask Brynna, as the Bachums had attacked and burned the city to the ground. I didn't know if I would ask when I saw her again. If I saw her again A part of me knew that she probably wouldn't tell me anyway, because her last conversation with Maura was a private moment meant to be kept between the two of them. I decided that I wouldn't ask anything except whether Maura had still been in so much pain, or if as she died, she had miraculously felt nothing. It was childish to believe that the latter was possible, but it was also strangely comforting, so I didn't question it.
When the first knock on the door came, I had just sat down, and my eyes had just begun to tear. I drew in slow, labored breaths and fanned my face, hoping whoever it was would go away. I couldnt afford to be seen as weak by the Pangaean people, as I was Brynna's sister, and the rumors swirling around were that Don had made her his second-in-command, whatever that meant. If it was one of our people coming to offer their condolences, I couldn't bring myself to pretend that I was alright. More than anything, I would not be able to tell them that I would forgive Don or those two men who had been with him, whom I knew had helped him kill Maura.
There was no peephole on the door, so I had no choice but to open it. Honestly, I believed it was James, coming to check on us. Or maybe it was Nick, even though I had told him that I needed some time alone. Maybe it was Alice, coming over to comfort me because she knew, unlike Nick, that my insistence on being alone was bullshit, and I needed a friend or my boyfriend more than ever. But no, it was none of them.
Trouble arrived on my doorstep that day, to put no finer point on it. It was trouble in the form of Caspar Elohimson. I kid you not, down below us on the ground, there were women staring up at him. That shouldnt suggest that he had a gaggle of giggling girls (pardon that awful alliteration) following after him, but it should suggest that there were girls walking by, looking up at him as they passed. Either that, or they were looking up to see if my face was a grotesque mask of tears and other bodily fluids, but thats unlikely, despite our peoples shamelessly voyeuristic tendencies and their love of witnessing other peoples pain. 
Oh. His gorgeous green eyes blinked, and his perfect features went from a blank slate to one of surprise, though what had surprised him, I didnt know. Maybe it was that my face wasnt a mess of tears and other bodily fluids. Whatever it was, his handsome face showed absolute surprise, though he was trying to hide it. After a moment, he smiled and reached out for my hand.
Violet Olivier, I presume?
He outstretched his hand to me, and when I took it, he brought it to his lips and kissed it.
Is it totally disgusting that a shudder passed through me when his lips met my skin? Or when I realized that his Pangaean accent, which was a mix between British and something else, was so amazingly alluring? Or when his light green eyes met mine again? Or when he asked with a slight laugh at the awkwardness of the situation if he could come in?
Yeah. Yes. I corrected myself, and I moved aside so he could come in. But my sister is asleep, so we have to be quiet. My heart plummeted when I realized how that sounded. Not that anything is going to happen. 
That sounded even worse!
I mean, not that I thought anything like that when you came here. Just, we have to be quiet talking because shes asleep, and shes had a really hard time.
Ms. Olivier
Violet. I corrected him, my face burning and red. Never before had I sounded so stupid in front of a guy. 
Violet, it is alright. We will be quiet, I assure you.
Who are you? I asked, trying to divert the attention away from me and all my awkwardness.
I am Caspar.
Caspar. I liked it.
Caspar Elohimson. He said, And you are Violet Olivier, the sister of Dons second-in-command. Has she arrived?
No. But her boyfriend, James is going out to look for her.
Yes. We have met. He said, and I wondered if I had heard distaste in his voice, but knowing how James was when he was on a mission, it wouldnt surprise me if he had rubbed Caspar the wrong way when they had met for the first time. 
I was sent here to inquire about how you are settling in.
Fine. Well. I corrected myself, Were doing well. Penny is already asleep, and I will go to sleep, too. Maybe. Probably not. But the house is amazing, and Ill thank the leader of the village for his hospitality.
Her hospitality.
Oh. I said, The leader is a woman.
Yes. Janna. Queen of Shadow Forest. Wife of the king. All of that. 
Where is the King?
Who knows? Lost, as so many others are. But that is not of our concern now. I heard from your leader all about what occurred in the city. I am very sorry about your nanny.
Thank you. I said, and I crossed my arms over my chest at the thought of her.
Are you cold? Would you like me to make you a fire?
No. I can do it. You just have to make a flame, and it lights on the log.
Oh, my GOD! I was a hot mess. I didnt know why I sounded so stupid! I never got flustered around guys. He chuckled softly, and I could not mistake the mischievous glint in his eye. It was not hard to believe that he was used to having such an effect on women, but it seemed to me that my having that reaction was particularly entertaining, for whatever reason. Self-consciously, I pulled the two sides of my sweatshirt closed and tucked a stray strand of hair behind my ear. It is not that I felt threatened, it was just that I felt somehow exposed? That is actually the right word for it: I felt extremely exposed around him. 
The strangest part was, it wasnt a completely unpleasant or uncomfortable exposure. Its crazy, but it was kind of exhilarating. He was bad news, and I knew it the moment I met him. But like so many others before memen and women alikeI was immediately entranced by the bad boy. My eyes traveled down, taking in his wardrobe. He was wearing dark jeans and a white button-up shirtnot exactly bad-boy attire. But he was also wearing a leather jacket, which, if I thought back, was bad-boy attire, at least if were talking about the stereotype. So, he had a little bit of both: a little bad and a little not, at least in terms of his clothes. In terms of the way he carried himself, with all of that arrogance (and it was arrogance, not confidence) and self-importance and old wisdom, he was all bad.
Do you want to sit for a minute? I asked him, almost against my will.
Certainly, because you want to talk.
Do I?
You do. Otherwise, you would not have very randomly asked me to sit.
It was random, wasnt it? I asked, and he nodded, smiling slightly, almost knowingly. So, who are you?
I am Caspar Elohimson. I told you.
Obviously, youre one of Adams people.
I suppose. Yes. But then, I like to think that I am my own person. The Rexprimus of Purissimus likes to think he has a monopoly on all those under his rule, but he does not.
Uh-oh. I hope I wasnt talking to some leader of a resistance effort who was dancing for joy on the inside because Adam was still among the missing.
Really? I hadnt noticed. I said, and he laughed openly.
I am sure that you did. If you are anything like your sister, and rumor has it that you are, you are very keen and observant. Even being minimally keen and minimally observant would allow you to see how he is. I am also sorry that he tried to kill all of you the first several nights after you landed. Honestly, and do not repeat this, he was simply trying to scatter you all. Make your large group divide. Scatter the sheep, if you will.
That doesnt surprise me at all. But I wont repeat it. Have you ever been to Lumiere? Or do you spend all your time here?
Oh, I have been. I lived there when I was not here aiding my mother. A nearly flawless city. I am saddened to know that it is gone forever, destroyed by the sun harness.
Yeah, what is that?
A sun harness?
Yes.
It harnesses the sun.
Despite how stupid his joke was, the way he grinned after he said it and the fact that he was joking with me so readily, like we had known each other for ages, made me smile, too. After a second, I laughed softly, covering my mouth to hide it.
You are allowed to laugh at my cheekiness. I was being cheeky only to make you laugh.
Well, you succeeded. I cant believe I didnt ask you this, but do you want anything to drink? We have I gestured over my shoulder to the kitchen as I talked, trying to call to mind what we had in our freezer before realizing that I was in a completely different house, in a completely different place, and I had no idea what we had, or if we had anything at all.
It is fully stocked. I ensured that myself. For all of you. Suddenly, he moved closer to me, and before I could become accustomed to his new close proximity, his hand was over my hand. I know that you are very worried, and I am sorry that I can do nothing to absolve you of that worry.
Its alright.
I saw you when you came in, and you were crying. You may believe me to be lying when I say this, or that I am trying to gain your good favor, but I am instantly besieged by the most undeniable urge to assist when I see a woman crying.
I was alright. I am alright. She was gone for a long time, and now I just have to get used to it again.
Your nanny was gone for a long time, or your older sister?
I realized that both answers fit. When I looked back at my life, I realized that most recently, Maura had been gone; she had left us for over a year to live with my father in the Bachum camp. But Brynna had also been gone for a very long time, from the time I was thirteen to the present, when she had begun to warm again. 
Both. I answered, But Maura is gone forever, and Brynn might be, but I dont think so. I dont think even a sun harness could kill her.
You are right. She is an Athene, and she would have known to leave the city before the blasts.
They knew that we were there. They knew we were all there, and they tried to kill us all. But they killed even the ones who werent involved, Caspar. The people in the city werent fighting with us. But they had already burnt down our house, so they knew we would all go to Adams city. Where else would we have gone? So they destroyed it. They eradicated it. All those people
His grip on my hand tightened when I looked off, out the window at the moon hanging like a strange, all-knowing face in the sky; I had to look away from it almost immediately. 
It is utterly tragic, you are right. He said, and for a moment, I thought I heard the threat of tears in his voice. But when I looked at him, his face was expressionless, though his eyes were dimmed by grief. They knew many things, I have been told. There were Old Spirits in your camp.
There still are. Im sure of it.
How can you be sure?
Because they know that we cant ferret them out. And they know that having spies here worked. They almost killed all of us.
Yes. He said, I am sorry that you had to witness that. I cannot imagine how you must feel, though I can, somewhat. I have never been attacked by those using the many solar-powered weapons, but I have been in combat many times. My father His tone darkened at the words, ensured that I would see combat as soon as I was old enough to be sent away for training.
Youve fought the Old Spirits.
Yes. Many times.
I came from their camp. Well, it is the Old Spirit camp and the Bachum camp. Tyre rules over it, but Rich Bachum has a lot of power, too.
Yes, he and a man named Paul run the show, as your lot says.
Paul?
Yes. Now he is a very bad man. Far worse than Rich Bachum, I am told.
How can anyone be worse than Rich Bachum?
I shuddered as I remembered the look in his eyes the last time I had seen him, when he had lectured me on morality. There was something unhinged, like at any moment, the fragile grip he had on his anger would fail him, and I would see the full extent of what he was capable of doing. When the house had begun to come down, I could see that he wanted nothing more than for God to smite me right there on the spot. Maybe I am victimizing myself a little bit here, but I was an eighteen year old girl, and he wanted to see me dead, all because I had spoken against his way of life. Brynna would tell me later that his kind didnt care about age or innocence, because if you spoke against the pious and their Gods, all they cared about was avenging the name of their God you had so insulted, to show Him that they were willing to fight, because they had faith. Or something like that. By now, you know how she talks; things get lost in translation sometimes.
Have you spoken to anyone about all that happened to you in the north? He asked gently, and when his hand covered mine again, I looked up at him, realizing that I had not spoken for a very long time. Immediately, self-consciousness took over me, because I must have looked so strange, just sitting there, not talking for a long period of time because I was so deep in my thoughts. 
Its alright. He told me, as though he had read my mind, We all do it. You will notice as your immortal life goes on that those moments of silence are required for the upkeep of your mind. Without them, you would have no way to cope with all the darkness in our world. I told you that I am a soldier, but I did not tell you extensively the effects such an occupation has on me. They are very similar to what you just exhibited; my mind often shuts out all external information so I may sufficiently wallow in the internal. It is painful when I am looking within, but when I return, I feel lighter, somehow. So, please, do not feel embarrassed for having slipped away briefly. From what I heard, your time in the north was utterly traumatic, and I am sorry for all that happened to you. And then, for you to come home, and lose the woman who has been an ever-present force in your life from the time you were born I am sorry for that even more, Violet Olivier.
Thank you. I said awkwardly, even though his speech was so beautiful and showed his deep understanding of all I was going through. Im telling you a lot of things that I didnt think I would ever say. Its weird, that youre having this effect on me. I have realized over the past day or so that no matter what I say, no one understands. But you seem to really understand.
I try. He said, with a slight smile, Like I said, I saw you, and I could not sleep until I came to see if I could assist you in any way. Even your boyfriend does not understand? Even your friends?
No. I said, shaking my head. Its weird that they dont, because Allie and Quinn lost both of their parents violently. The Shadows were on Earth, and they killed their parents trying to get to Allie and Quinn. And Nick God, both of his parents died on the ship after taking this sedative they had given us for the take-off. I mean, he had a really bad relationship with them, but still; they were his parents. You would think that he would understand what I felt. And you would definitely think that Allie and Quinn would, but they just dont. Theyve all moved on from it, I guess. And I mean, maybe I will, too, someday, but not right now. Not for a really long time. She was in so much pain, Caspar. 
His grip on my hand tightened, and my fingers, by their own will, tightened around his.
I dont care about anything that happened to me in the north. Really, I dont. She suffered awful things for the entire year that weve been here, and my dad let it happen. They say she was stubborn. She wouldnt break. She wouldnt apologize for all she had done in her life. I feel like I should be saying that she should have apologized, because she did a lot of bad things, especially to my sister, Brynna. But who are they to tell her that she has to apologize? Who are they to torture her until she apologizes?
Well, they are those willingly possessed by the old spirits of this land, the spirits who act by the will of God. The angels. They know what the One God wants, and they will murder and torture with no fear of retribution because it is all in his name. It is all for the greater good. You do know that, Violet, dont you? You realized that during your time up there? They truly believe, despite how utterly foolish it is, that they are acting in the interest of the greater good. They are only trying to save us.
I know. I said, and for some reason, tears rushed into my eyes. Furiously, I swiped them away, but he saw them.
I had spent only two days in the north with the Old Spirits, but that had been enough to witness all their brutality but also, to see that Caspar was right: they truly believed that they were going to bring good to the world through brutal means. It would have been so easy to hate them and subsequently kill them if they were simply sadistic dictators causing pain for the sake of causing pain, whose worship in their violet God was merely the superficial reason they gave for their violent acts. But the Bachums, their followers, and the Old Spirits truly believed that the world was corrupt and broken, and in order to cure it, to fix it, they had to break all people of their sins and force them to repent. Their God demanded pain, because only pain would make all of us sinners see our own sins. If they enjoyed it, they believed they enjoyed it because God demanded it; they would never cause pain if it werent Gods way, if people werent so stubborn. They only wanted to help, and if violence was the only way to help, then so be it. The world needed them. Otherwise, Purissimus would fall, the same way that Earth had fallen.
His hand was on my face, and he was wiping away the many tears that had fallen from my eyes. I had lapsed into silence and deep thought again, and when I resurfaced, I wondered immediately how long I had been gone.
It was only a few minutes. He answered, before I could even ask.
Are you an Ares? 
No. He answered, with a slight smile, Why do you ask?
Because you have an uncanny ability to make me talk to you. Look at me, Im crying now, and I look stupid.
You most certainly do not look stupid. He said, And I do not want to make myself sound more skilled at comforting you than your boyfriend and your best friends, but all you needed, Violet, was someone who would only listen, not talk. Did they try to reassure you? To tell you that you would be alright in a few weeks, or months?
Yes. And I didnt know why at the time, but it made me angry. I feel terrible about being angry, because I know they were only trying to help. But they just dont understand. Theyve lost people, but they dont understand. And for some reason, even though I only just met you, youve gotten all this stuff out of me, and I know that you do understand.
Well, even though I am young, I feel as though I have been around for a very long time. Age yields wisdom, however minimal that wisdom may be, and mine is very minimal. If you need anything at all, I live with my mother on the first street, at the very end, overlooking the forest falls. Please, do not hesitate to send word to me. Any of the villagers will seek me out for you. All you must do is give word.
Alright. I might actually do that, Caspar. I feel a lot better now.
I am glad.
We stood up, and I walked to the door, silently marveling at the fact that I had been so open with him, despite not knowing him for any more than an hour. I was shocked at the new lightness in my chest. Though the grief was slowly returning, and I knew it would make a complete return the second he was gone, for the moment, my heart was weightless again. Somehow, he had cured me of my grief for Maura, my fear of the Bachums, my undeniable urge to keep looking back, reliving all that had happened in the north. When he turned around on my porch, my eyes met his, and I could not help but notice that they were dark green, like grass. For a long time, I stared at him, thinking that I had seen strange green eyes somewhere else, but suddenly, I could not remember on whom I had seen them.
Anything you need, Violet Olivier, do not hesitate to send for me. Alright? Do you promise that you will not hesitate?
I promise.
Alright. 
He took my hand, and my face turned to the darkest shade of red imaginable when he kissed the back of it. As I bit my lip to stop the huge smile from spreading across my face, he grinned up at me.
Until we meet again, Ms. Olivier.
***

I did start crying a few minutes after he left. Solitude just was not suiting me at all; in the silence, all alone, I could only think of Maura. I could only look back at everything she had been forced to suffer. Curled up on the couch, wrapped in a soft blanket I had found in the closet, I cried with my face buried in a pillow, sometimes watching the fire burn and sometimes staring at the ceiling, all the while praying that Penny didnt awaken and find me in that state. When the second knock on the door came, I hiccupped a few times, and swiped at my eyes, praying that whoever it was would go away. Of course, it might have been Caspar, coming back to check on me again, but somehow, I knew that it wasnt. If it was, I knew that I would rush to the door to answer it. For some reason, in that very short time I had known him, I had grown to rely on him. Somehow, despite only knowing him for an hour, I trusted him and knew that I could confide in him. Something about him made me feel so safe, even though it should have been impossible to feel that way after so short a time. 
Vi, it's me.
Upon hearing Alice's voice, all of those thoughts erased themselves, and I threw open the door to greet her. I knew that she would try to comfort me, and her comfort would be nothing compared to his, but I needed company. I needed my best friend.
Hey. She hugged me tightly after I moved aside to let her in, and I held onto her and cried some more. Even after we had sat down on the couch, I continued to cry. It wasn't until I had gotten it all out of my system, at least for the time-being, that she commented on the obvious.
It's really dark in here.
I haven't lit a fire. I told her through the uncontrollable gasp for air that always follows crying heavily. I should, but I haven't been able to.
I'll do it. She stood up and moved through the darkness easily. Her eyes had changed over, and yet mine stayed the same. I was just too distraught to embrace the evolution.
When the fire roared to life in the grate, I saw for the first time that she had brought over two clay mugs, a small clay tea kettle, and two small tea-bags.
Don gave me those. She told me as she put the tea kettle, in which I could hear water sloshing around, over the fire. I double checked with Rachel, and she says that they're basically like chamomile, but you don't need any honey or anything. She says it just relaxes you.
Are we going to start acting like the rabbit and Mad Hatter?
I would think that if I hadn't talked to Rachel first. I would think that Don was slipping us something like the Peace Fruit. That's what he is doing right now, by the way. He and a bunch of other people are in the main building up at the top of the path, celebrating our arrival with the Pangaeans.
No, he's not! I exclaimed in rage. He's celebrating?! Even after what he did, even after he said he was sorry, even though Brynn and Adam and so many other people are gone, and probably dead?!
Shit, I shouldn't have told you that. She came back and sat beside me, Vi, we've talked about this before. It's hard to believe it now, after what he's done and how terrible it was, but he will get what he deserves for it. One day, he'll pay a price...
That's only when people die, Allie. And he can't die! None of us can. I stood up and started to pace around the room. After a few times back and forth, my foot caught under the rug, and I nearly face-planted onto the floor. In frustration that was so unwarranted by something so trivial, I kicked the leg of the coffee table and only pained my toe.
Shit! I exclaimed, before plopping back down onto the couch beside her. Allie, I can't stand this. How am I supposed to live with him, knowing that he tortured her?! We had our differences, but she's been in my life pretty much since the day I was born! I'm going to have to see him every day and work under his rules, or lack of rules, forever. We're stuck with him forever.
That's not true. Alice leaned forward and grasped my hands. Think about it, Vi... He's the leader of us, and the Bachums are trying to hunt us down. Who do you think they're going to take out first? In fact, who do you think is going to be taken out first when someone in our camp tries to take control?
Do you really think that will happen?
In both scenarios, I think it is a sure thing. Don has been getting out of control.
Yeah, but he's letting us get out of control, too. That's why people love him. Because he's Hippie Don, with all his talk about being free, and loving one another, and working just for ourselves, but then, he turns around and beats people up, or worse, from what I've heard!
I heard that, too. Apparently, he's got a sadistic side. Who knew, right?
I didn't know! I never could have suspected that. I mean, look at him.
She raised her eyebrows at me, and I got what she was trying to say without her actually speaking it out loud. Alice and I were reaching the level that most best friends eventually reach; we could communicate with looks as easily as we could with words; what one of us was thinking was generally known by the other long before it was said.
You're right. It's like a Napoleon complex. But Allie, do you really think he's done all those terrible things that they said? I know what he did to Maura, and it was disgusting. It was uncalled for, and I will never forgive him for it. But apparently, he's like, really, really awful to those women.
Yeah, and they go along with it. Some of them, I'm not surprised that they want to do stuff like that with him. They're obsessed with him because he's powerful. He's the most powerful man in our camp, right, and everybody's sharing. No one is just with their boyfriends, girlfriends, husbands, and wives anymore.
No one except us.
And I want to keep it that way. I don't ever want to do what they're doing. It's disgusting. She actually pulled a face when she thought about it. With a quick shake of her head, she stood up and walked over to the fire where water was bubbling over the sides of the teapot into the flames below. As the drops hit the flames, I could distinctly hear a pop and violent fizzling, when a normal human ear would hear nothing. Outside, far off in the distance, a wolf howled, and a lion roared.
What is that? Alice asked, and her head jerked up immediately.
I don't know. Mine just clicked on, too. 
We stood up, and walked out onto the porch into the silent forest night. The wind had halted, and all around us, there was silence. Off in the distance, I could hear the faint sounds of music and the laughter of many as they reveled in their relief and joy. But where we were, far back near the border of the village close to the trees, no birds sang, no animals roared, or chirped, or even moved. The only presence that was moving was one that was very old and, beyond any shadow of doubt, very evil.
Do you think it's a Shadow? I whispered to Alice.
She shook her head and rubbed her arms quickly.
No, I would definitely know it if it was a Shadow. Whatever it is, it feels... 
Her eyes widened, and her jaw fell open multiple times as she tried to say something. Even as I recognized that I was confused by her sudden show of fear, a cold, gripping feeling in my chest warned me that once I turned around, I would be just as afraid. Still, curiosity gets the better of our kind almost always, and sometimes against our will; it was only my feet turning me around, even as my mind protested.
Pangaea is a land of many creatures we didn't know on Earth. There had long been talk amongst those who were more informed on the Earth's history (among us survivors, I should say) that the mythological creatures we encountered, gentle and monstrous alike, had once roamed on our home planet. However, after years of drastic, sudden change, those species, for whatever reason, had died out, and after many more years, they were forgotten completely, or were relegated to the same thought-sphere where other fantastical things were contemplated but never believed. Knowing all of that, and even after being attacked by one of those strange breeds, I still found myself being surprised. I think it is safe to say that we all did.
It... jumped down...Alice whispered, her voice trembling violently.
Even though I was expecting something strange and scary, a gasp escaped me upon seeing the thing that was on the ground below us.
Immediately on the other side of the ash circle, a strange man was standing, looking up at us almost hungrily. I had only seen that look of desire for harm and pain in the Shadows; all the other creatures were like our animals, harmful only if provoked. This creature, like the Shadows, looked like a human being, except for the way his hair seemed to be made of twisted branches ripped from the trees he dwelt in. His eyes were two horizontal slits, with just a single black dot, almost like a marble, it was so shiny, in between them. Black leaves covered his body everywhere from his neck, down his abnormally long arms, torso, and legs, to his large, clawed feet. His long, sharp fingers were clawed, as well, and tapping eerily against the tree he was standing beside. Even as he stared up at us, he was almost drooling, but saying nothing from his small, misshapen mouth.
He... he was in... the tree... Came out of it Alice stammered out, but I was so busy staring that I barely heard her. What do you think he is?
There was something so hypnotic, so peaceful about the world when I stared into his eyes. Everything slowed down and quieted. My grief disappeared abruptly, and yet I felt no need to ask where it had gone in such a hurry. I felt no need to question anything. All I wanted was to walk down the stairs, approach the ash border, and take his outstretched hand. A voice was calling my name, but I was ignoring that person purposely. Perhaps he just looked scary. His voice told me that I was right about that; after I crossed over the border, I would see him differently. It was the magic of the forest-people with whom we were currently living that was making me see him as a grotesque woodland beast.
Violet! Alice pulled me away, and I swung back to hit her instantly. I had wanted to listen to his soothing whispers; they had been more calming than the lullabies Maura had sung to me when I was a little girl...
Maura. Just like that, my senses returned.
Oh, my God, did I actually hit you?!
As the words left my mouth, I realized that my wrists were clenched in her hands.
You can't look at it! She exclaimed, I was, and it didn't do that to me, but you got all weird. You stopped talking, and you weren't responding to me, and you were saying things in this weird language!
I was saying things out loud? I asked in horror.
You were kind of muttering them, but... She shook her head. What did it say to you?
It wanted me to come down there and go with it into the woods. The forest-people are bad. It was saying that the forest-people are bad.
Oh, yeah, like we're going to take the word of a freaky tree demon! She leaned over the side of the railing and shouted, Go away!
Then, she took my arm and turned me around. Even after we were seated on the couch again, and gratefully drinking the calming tea Don had suggested, I couldn't shake the feeling that the words of that creature were true. It was more than likely a ploy to get me to follow him into the woods, where he would surely rip me apart with his bare tree hands, but that soothing chill in my chest, the one that had quieted all of my guilt and sadness... It had been so real, so wonderfully serene, almost perfect...
The food was perfect, too, Violet Mae.
In my head, Brynna was shaking her own and frowning at me over the top of her glasses in disdainful condemnation of my momentary naivety and stupidity. Her voice should have been enough to shake the feeling, but the tree-man's was still too strong.
The forest-people are bad.
The effects of the tea finally settled, and I realized that I was slowly descending into a heavy, peaceful realm of sleep where none of it mattered. Nothing existed anymore but the most soothing memories my mind held close. Just as the shores of the real world disappeared from my view, I swore to return to the harsh reality of what I had just been contemplating. I swore to return from numb, blissful ignorance to heightened, harrowing awareness.
Brynna told me firmly that we could not afford to let our guards down now, but after that, I heard nothing but the sound of my heart.

Part II: Where Thou Art, That is Home. 

Brynna

I should... be lying... you down... on this bed...
Adam's words were thrown from him because his body was protesting so vehemently against the act of speaking. Every word forced his body to curl up in pain. The water I had found had merely prolonged his condition; I had been so sure that he had been cured completely, and now, I could see that I was wrong. If he had allowed me to give him more, he would have been cured completely.
The return of his ailment brought a new rage to the wound that was causing it, and because he knew that we were alone, he allowed himself a few gasps of pain. He was turned on his side towards me, and I knelt beside him, keeping my watch diligently, moving my hand up his arm, over his shoulder, and down his back repeatedly.
The pain stole his breath and provoked urging voices in his mind to speak words of forfeit. He wanted very much to let go, but every time he closed his eyes, I said his name, and he awoke.
Stay with me, I whispered, And maybe someday you will be laying me down.
His hand came up suddenly towards my face, and I flinched just barely. I do not know why I was expecting a physical blow after what I had said, but I could assume that it was because I was openly flouting the warning he had given me earlier. In fact, I was openly defying the instruction, as well. I was telling him that there was still a chance for him in my little world, and that was a fact that was unshakeable.
Please... do not... be afraid... Could never... hurt you, Bryn
A soft moan of pain finally fell from him, and his trembling hand moved from my face down to the wound in his stomach. The doctors arrived just in time.
I jumped up and turned to face them, launching into my explanation without pretense or introduction. When I reached the part about the sacred water, I spoke to the Pangaean doctor. He nodded stoically, but said nothing.
Does it have side-effects? Dr. Terry asked him.
No, He answered, She just did not give him enough.
Well, I am very sorry, but your devout leader informed me that it was too sacred to drink in plentiful amounts!
I meant no offense, Ms. Olivier. He told me cavalierly, I will take over from here, if you would like to get some rest.
Brynna... Dr. Terry said somewhat breathlessly, Brynna, look at you!
The exhaustion was finally beginning to sink in; every muscle was starting to ache in protest at the fact that I was still standing. My broken bones were finally getting their revenge on me for not keeping the strain off of them. My cuts, burns, and bruises stung, scorched, and throbbed. The pain was already causing me to sweat, and my breaths were coming in only slightly but were being expelled in heavy gusts. Because of that, and because of my exhaustion, I was becoming very dizzy. I knew that soon, I would be incapable of ignoring the terrible pain. I could no longer ignore the harsh physical ramifications of carrying Adam for so long. Now that my mission was complete, the pain receptors in my brain were no longer deaf to the shrieking alarms my body had been sending; adrenaline was no longer filling their recesses with unbreakable blockages, and now, they were receiving the signals every part of me had been sending for days. No longer was I immune to the pain of Adams weight, the thorn-covered vine, or the Reapers violent, bone-shattering assault. Losing that immunity immediately brought tears to my eyes. 
Ms. Olivier? The Pangaean doctor said gently, snapping me out of my thoughts. 
Brynn? Dr. Terry, who was a man in his early sixties and also one whom I had trusted completely from the day I had met him, grasped my arm, and I jerked out of my daze. Terribly, I startled, and when his hands came up to grasp my face so he could look at me, I looked at him, realized that he was not a danger to me, but still calmed only slightly.
Yes, I said, though I barely knew to what I was answering positively.
You need to let me take a look at you. He pressed the back of his hand to my forehead and then to my cheek. Do you want me to call for James, sweetheart?
No. I answered, I am a little dizzy, and my muscles are starting to hurt, but that is normal, I think. And...
Your bones are broken. You have cuts that need stitches. And you have burns that need to be cleaned and wrapped. Nicole! Can you call James, please?
No. Dr. Terry, it's alright. I told him, but he was already leading me into another room. I just need to get some sleep...
No, ma'am. He said, You're not leaving here until you let me clean you up.
Bennie is going to get James. Nicole informed him, Here we go, baby. Nicole took my arm and helped me walk along.
Though it was difficult, I refrained from telling them that James would not be coming, as he and I were no longer what Maura would have called an item. Instead of explaining that humiliating tale of woe, partially because I was so tired and in so much pain, I let them lead me towards the door. Before I left, though, my eyes came to rest on Adams, and even though he was lost somewhere in a mental realm with only his pain, there was such deep warmth that came over his gaze when it met mine. A smile seemed to tug at his mouth, but not one that was gloating, or threatening, or worst of all, knowing; it was just a recognition of all that we had survived together and a further reiteration of his appreciation. It was a look of fondness, and one of reassurance that I did not have to say anything kind or warm to him in front of the doctors, who would surely then gather that there was something more to our relationship than the typical antagonism and annoyance.
I returned that smile when the doctors were preparing the medication that they would be giving him. After that, I nodded, but in response to what, I didn't know, and then, I let Nicole and Dr. Terry lead me from the room.
Through the open windows of the infirmary, I could feel the cold forest night, but there was something heavy in the air that I could not define. A familiar female voice was coming through my mind's defenses in crackling breakages, similar to the disjointed sounds one hears when a radio is being tuned. Knowing that it was my mother or Maura struggling to speak, and knowing that the only other option in the silence was use my power to look forward and discern any hints about what was to come, I allowed the frequency to steady.
More with him in that moment than in so long with James.
Maura's words gutted me. They were worse than a physical kick to the stomach followed by a karate chop to the jugular. My legs locked up, and my breath hitched in my throat.
Almost there, sweetheart. Nicole told me gently. Just a few more steps here.
I was in shock, not just at Maura's disembodied voice's support of Adam, whom she had feared and hated in life simply because of the side she had chosen and the lies she had been told, but at the fact that she was right, perhaps not in terms of the degree of comparison (meaning likening the connection I had just felt with Adam when we looked at one another with the connection I had been painstakingly building with James for a year) but definitely in terms of validity. That moment had been a strange one, certainly, because the potent stream of both of our souls had touched, as ridiculous as that sounds to you. In our world, things like that happen, and to people like me, it is obvious.
It is too much right now, Maura. I can't, I thought back gently, so as not to offend her. It is just too much.
She fell silent, and I wondered if she was irritated at my shushing her.
Dr. Terry and Nicole laid me down on an examination table. Nicole propped the back of it up so I was sitting just as James came into the room.
Hey. What's going... Holy shit. He looked between Nicole and Dr. Terry, as though they could explain to him how I had gotten each individual injury. Then, he looked at me. Brynn... I flinched when he took my hand but luckily, Dr. Terry and Nicole didn't see.
What happened to you, baby? James asked me gently. Very cautiously, he reached out to rest his hand on my face. Perhaps it was because I was tired and in great pain, or perhaps it was because I craved physical contact with him after all the fear I had suffered in the woods, but I did not turn my head away. Because I had not protested the touch of his hand, or the slow, gentle stroking of his thumb across my bruised and dirt-covered cheek, or the sadness and concern that were so woefully alight in his eyes, he leaned in and kissed my forehead once, holding his lips there for a long time before kissing me twice again.
I did protest then.
Do not kiss me. I am still angry with you. I let them call you because I did not want to be here alone, and
And Adam is otherwise preoccupied with his very severe injuries. I could have said it, but it would have slaughtered him. It would have slaughtered us, too; our relationship never would have recovered. I was unsure of whether we could reconcile, but at least I was not sure that we could not. And truly, I was happy to see him, despite my great anger at him.
I know. I know you're still mad.
I was unzipping my hoodie and untying the remnants of my shirt, maneuvering the fabric carefully again to keep myself covered. Dr. Terry started dabbing huge dollops of antibacterial cream onto the bites left by the Reaper and the cuts left by the vine. James stopped talking, because seeing my maimed body had shocked him into silence. He leaned forward and pressed his forehead against mine, and I felt the tears coming but couldn't stop them. I was whispering that I was sorry over and over again, and I didn't know why; immediately, I felt guilty for looking so badly that he had been startled by the sight of me. All of that shame that I had repressed following that man attacking me took hold, and I was covering my face with the hand that was not holding onto my shirt, letting the tears run down over it.
I never cried, especially not in front of other people. But I was so tired. I was in so much pain. When James pulled me to him, I sobbed into his chest, dropping my hands away from my face and shirt so I could hold onto him.
James... I cried.
I'm right here. He whispered.
Can you turn onto your back for me, Brynn? Dr. Terry asked, and James helped maneuver me around so Dr. Terry could apply even more antibacterial cream onto my cuts, but not before he had put my shirt back where I could hold it over my breasts. He knew how sensitive I was about those things.
Alright. Dr. Terry said gently, Now let me see your wrist.
God, your ribs, baby... James whispered, and reflexively, he reached out, as though he were going to touch them. I flinched so badly that both he and Dr. Terry startled.
Im not going to touch them. He was looking at me, and he was not hiding his shock at the sight of me. I didn't see you as well in the dark; I was just so relieved that you were alive. What happened to you?
I shook my head, not wanting to relive the whole harrowing tale again.
It is nothing. It was nothing. I will not talk about it. We ran into some Old Spirits, but it is fine because theyre dead now, and I am fine. I am fine, and I will not discuss it Just some Old Spirits, James And a Reaper. That is all. Honestly. That is all it was. They are all dead now. The Old Spirits as well as the Reaper. It is fine.
James let go of me and stood up abruptly. He now knew that it was other people who had hurt me. People, who could feel pain, on whom he could inflict pain for what they had done to me. His jaw was clenched, and his eyes were blazing, burning with rage His mind was shouting until its ghostly voice was hoarse that he would hunt them down, he would follow their scents, which he could smell strongly on me, until he found them
James! I cried out.
Suddenly I realized that I could not bear any of it if he left. Once again, my mind reminded me how terribly I needed him. 
Sit down. Dr. Terry ordered him, and after a minute, he did, but I could see that his jaw was still clenched and his eyes were still burning. Get yourself under control and sit with her.
Please don't tell anyone. Please... I can't stand it. I don't want anyone to know...
Of course not, baby. James kissed my forehead tenderly again. I looked at him, and after placing his hands on my damp, flushed cheeks, he wiped my tears away with his thumbs and kissed me. You're okay now. You're home. No one is going to hurt you now. Okay?
I nodded and nestled my head against his.
I love you. I whispered, I didn't think I would be able to tell you that again. I am so angry with you, but I love you so much, too.
He smiled slightly and looked away from me, a sure sign that he was fighting tears.
I want to make this work, baby. He told me after his eyes had met mine again, I know that right now, you're furious at me, and you have every right to be. I know that, and if I were in your shoes, I'd be furious, too. He told me softly, delicately, as though he knew, even though I had randomly admitted my love for him, that the situation was still precarious, and he was correct in that assumption. But I love you, and I want to be with you. I've never... He stopped, and closed his eyes for just a second. Compulsively, his hand came up to swipe at his eyes and to run backwards over his hair.
I don't want to say this, because of how it makes me sound. He told me softly, But I have never been more afraid ever in my life than I was these past couple of days.
And how does that make you sound? I asked him as Dr. Terry began wrapping my bruised and cut wrist in what felt like very firm Ace-Bandage. I looked and saw that it was a green wrapping similar to a vine, clearly made from natural items in the forest.
It makes me sound weak, and I know how much you love that by now. He said, Hey...
My expression showed the fear that I felt completely irrationally. Seeing the vine had reminded me of the one that had whipped me, and the one that had been used to bind Adam and me to the tree. I could almost see the forest around us, almost smell the evil in the air that had preceded the Shadows' approach. If my hands had not immediately latched onto James the moment I felt myself slipping away, I would have gotten lost in those terrible memories.
I don't like that.
I watched James's and Dr. Terry as they both looked down at my bruised wrist that Dr. Terry was very gently wrapping. They understood why I was so skittish about my wrists being wrapped.
I want to go home. I told them, and James kissed my forehead twice.
You're safe, baby. You're home with us, and you're safe now. Im going to take you home as soon as Dr. Terry is done
And Im almost there, sweetheart. Dr. Terry assured me.
Just a few more minutes, and were going to go home.
I want to go. I just want to go. Please, James
At first, I wondered if I was referring to the house we had lived in. Obviously I was well aware that it had burnt to the ground and could not possibly be salvaged given our slowly dwindling time of intermission between battles and our complete lack of supplies. When I realized those things, I wondered if I was referring to my home on Earth. Not my parents' house, but my apartment. And even more obviously, I could remember that Earth no longer existed. Moreover, the thought of returning to a time that had not only passed but been so utterly destroyed sent terrible shivers of disconcerting, sickening nostalgia through me. Memories of past times and visions of what could have been rolled together in a muddled, panic-inducing stir. My power was gaining power, and in my weakened state, I simply could not deal with it, so in my typical response to overwhelming power-related stimuli, traumatic memories, and tormenting what-ifs, I began to ramble.
We had to hide. And I knew that even though we were well hidden, they could have found us. And they were going to take us back to Tyre... and I knew what he would do... I saw what he would do... And I saw what they did to Maura! I looked up at James, my eyes wide, It was quick, and I managed to shut it off before it got too bad, but I saw it. She was so stubborn, and Paul thought that I was like her, but worse, so it would be better for them, but worse for me, or something... I don't remember his exact words. But that's where I would have ended up. If I hadn't made them want to kill me, I would have ended up with him. And Adam would have been dead, and I would have been dead eventually, too, and you would have taken care of Penny, but she would have always grieved for me. But you would have taken care of her, and you... I started to cry harder at this particular remembrance, And even though you knew that I would have wanted her to forget me so she would not have grieved forever, you couldn't let her forget me. You couldn't forget me. And you were so sad, James.
I could see his teeth clenching again as his eyes met mine for just a second; after seeing my tears falling, he had to look away. Respectfully, Dr. Terry looked away from him, and when two tears fell from his eyes, I hurriedly wiped them away. Almost compulsively, he cleared his throat for several seconds, looking like he wanted to stand up and begin to pace in his final effort to control himself, but because I needed him there, holding my hand tightly and kissing me gently, he stayed.
Of course I would have taken care of Penny! He managed to tell me softly but firmly. I would have taken care of Violet, too. And no matter what, I never would have forgotten you. I don't think I could even... I couldn't even... get someone else... Be with someone else, I mean... He stopped, squeezing his eyes shut for a second and shaking his head slightly. Was I?
No. And that made me sad, James. If that happened to me, I would want you to find...
I won't talk about this. He told me firmly, I won't even begin to plan for that. I mean, Christ, we got all the way here, and after everything, I'm supposed to think about that? About what I would do if... He looked away from me again and shook his head. I'm sorry, baby. I'm not angry. I'm just... For the past three days, I thought...
I know. I told him.
And I never got a chance to put it right. I thought that you had died thinking everything was a lie
I nodded and closed my eyes, my fingers squeezing the bridge of my nose hard.
Everything is so loud, James. And I can't sort it out. I can't quiet it down or push it away. It's getting stronger, and I don't know if I can stop it. I broke down into quiet, hysterical sobs, my bruised, swollen face buried in my cut up hands. Stick-thin from days of malnourishment and pale-white from dehydration, stress, and exhaustion, when I began trembling, I know I must have looked like a frightened baby bird seconds from death. Knowing that my inner vulnerability was shown outwardly only made me cry harder. Everything was falling apart, even my facade I had worked so hard to create and uphold always.
James... Dr. Terry said, and he beckoned for him to lean forward so he could whisper in his ear.
I do not want drugs! I snapped at them both because I had heard Dr. Terry's thoughts.
Brynna... Dr. Terry grasped my hands. You have been through a very traumatic experience, and we can wrap you up in bandages and give you medicine to stop the infections, but you're upset, and you're going to have a hard time sleeping because of that, and sleep is what your body needs more than anything else.
I don't need drugs. I can deal with this. They didn't do what they said they were going to do, and I've experienced what he was going to do before, and I survived it, and I do not want to be drugged, and unaware, and if I'm drugged, I'm away from Penny and Violet again. I can be right there with them, but I won't be there. And I've been away from them for too long. I just want to go home.
I cried harder still when I realized once again that I had no idea where home even was.
Can we just take something home with us? James, God or Gods bless him, spoke up for me. If she needs it once we're home, I'll give it to her.
That sounds fine. Alright, these wraps need to stay on her wrist, ankle, and around her middle for three days. You know that we heal from broken bones a lot more quickly here, and those wraps speed the healing along even more. Ice on her face will bring the swelling down, and this salve needs to be applied to her bites and cuts twice a day. I want you to take these home... He handed five pure white leaves to James. Only one at a time. They'll calm her down and also relieve the pain.
And they will also turn me into a brainless void, so I will not be taking them! I snapped at them.
Alright, donkey, we hear you. James told me, but he still took the leaves from Dr. Terry. Carefully, James sat me up, and before we left, I hugged Dr. Terry and thanked him, not only for tending to my injuries but also for putting up with my donkey-ish tendencies.
Oh, I'm used to your stubbornness by now. He told me lightly with a smile, If you need me, call me. I'll be there, day or night. You got it?
I nodded, and we left.
James and I walked home in silence. At first, he insisted that I let him carry me, but when I protested that, and started to hobble along without him, he stopped and settled for walking me along by putting his arm around my neck and guiding me.
Violet and Penny were close, as I could tell by the familiar smell of our parents' home and of my apartment on Earth that sometimes hung around them. Our house on Pangaea was built far from the infirmary, and I dreaded the long walk back in the morning, when I would go to check on Adam. By the moon's light and position, I could gather that it was about ten PM. On Earth, I had never gone to bed before midnight, but as soon as I saw my new house there in the village and found my new bed, I would fall into it and give no thought to the will of my body to remain awake well into the night.
Violet and Alice were asleep on the couches. James and I went inside, and he eased me down into a chair so he could get the fire going again and cover them both up with a blanket.
Wait. I said, and I walked forward, trying to find the room in which Penny was sleeping. I was not going to wake Alice, Penny, or Violet to inform them that I had arrived, even though I wanted so desperately to hold Penny close and tell her how much I had missed her. I wanted to hear her stories about the journey and whatever else was on her mind. Instead of that, though, I had to be satisfied with just watching her for a moment as she slept peacefully, completely unaware that I was finally home. In her mind, I saw that she was not worried, because she knew in all certainty that I would come back to her even when the saddened looks of others told her that I would not. With another smile, I closed her door, and let James guide me further down the hallway to the room that I gathered was mine.
Never before had the wondrously comfortable animal-skin beds been more heavenly. My slight weight pressed in on the plush softness after James laid me down. The blanket and the stuffing between the two pieces of animal skin adjusted to the contours of my body to give it the support it so desperately needed. My hands moved slowly over the silky smoothness of the fur-blanket, and when that was not enough anymore, I sat up, trying to shed my shirt just to feel that wonderful softness on even more bare skin.
I just want to take it off. I told James, when he went to help me. Effortlessly, he lifted me so that no strain was put on my broken ribs and maneuvered my tank top over my head.
Do you want to take your pants off? He asked.
Yes.
 He turned me onto my back, and I began to try to struggle out of my jeans.
I'll do it, baby. Just relax. Lie down and relax.
The surrender of my strength was enough to bring tears into my eyes again, but I did not shed them. Too many unwanted tears had fallen over the previous days, and I was ashamed and disgusted to know that. Starting immediately, I would return to my emotionally dull state. I would begin to feel nothing again, because that was a skill I had been honing to perfection for so long; it could not be trounced now after so much effort had gone into it.
Life protested that new decision instantly.
I am very mad at you. I told you everything about me. I held nothing back from you, and not only did you lie to me, but you lied to me about something involving me. Everything that has happened between us has been a part of that huge lie, James. Tears were falling from my eyes again.
I know how it seems, baby.
It is not how it seems.
Turn over onto your stomach.
No, I am not going to...
Though the movement was swift, it was also so gentle; he flipped my body over and placed me delicately down on my stomach.
What are you... Oh, my God or Gods... My protest cut off because his hands began to expertly massage the knots in my shoulders, back, and neck. A soft chuckle escaped him, reminding me of Adam, whom I just could not afford to think about in that moment.
I am very angry at you. I told him, I am only letting you stay because...
Because of my epic massaging skills. I know.
Yes. I said begrudgingly before silence ensued between us. Silence that I broke with a question whose answer would only worsen my foul mood, I knew. 
Skills that were gathered where, dare I ask?
I dated a masseuse two years ago.
Is there anyone you haven't dated?
Many people. There are billions of people... Well, there were...
Just be quiet.
I answered your question.
He did not say that in snippy defense, and I began to wonder if perhaps he was simply playing on my own anger in order to discredit it. Perhaps he was discreetly mocking me; I would not have put it past him to do so, but whether he would do it in an effort to cheer me up or to anger me further, I did not know. I had rejected him, after all, and rejection breeds animosity, which would lead to untimely mocking. I could not picture him using that moment with me to further our problems along, especially when I had, completely against my will, shown how very fragile my emotional state was. Even if the feelings were not readily evident then, he was well aware, just by knowing me intimately (and I emphasize the emotional aspect of that intimacy here) that I was in no mood for his games, and that my grief for Maura, my fear that I could not shake, my power wreaking havoc on my mind that was bouncing between the present and the panic-inducing immediate past, and my physical exhaustion were becoming too much to bear.
Instead of attempting to answer all of those mental questions regarding his intentions, I closed my eyes and allowed myself to become drunk on the feeling of his hands kneading into my muscles expertly. Slowly, the knots were beginning to loosen and the frayed pieces were beginning to magnetize back together to form one whole, functional mass. The relief was indescribable, and you are well aware how uncommon speechlessness is for me.
They sent some clothes up for us. Apparently, that's one of their biggest trades here, according to Don, at least. They make clothes and send them around to the other tribes. I didn't even know there were tribes, let alone different ones from Adams, or different ones from these people. He was silent, but I knew that he was not awaiting a response from me, as I knew that he was well aware that I was in no condition to give one. As that silence magnified, the tears began to fall from my eyes at a rate that was most unenviable, considering my aversion to showing emotion, even to him. The suddenness with which they had appeared was quite disturbing, but the rate at which they fell was downright alarming. My heart gave an almighty start, and I turned over abruptly and sat up.
Baby... He started to say.
Don't. I whispered, with no effort or force behind the words because even my heart was not convinced that I truly wished to say what would surely come next. I want you to leave.
Somehow, my trembling body, with every limb and muscle feeling like they were jumbled together in chaotic, agonizing disarray, managed to pull itself forward so I was standing. When his eyes moved from my face down to my feet, there was not even a single trace of lust there, and I was not perturbed by that at all; despite my anger at him, I knew that he had no interest in making love when I was in such a state, or when there was such bad blood between us. When he had observed me that way, he was simply assessing the physical damage done to me. He was wondering (and worrying) internally how he would convince me that I needed to return to the infirmary and stay there overnight, or perhaps longer.
There's nothing they can do. I whispered weakly, There is nothing you can do, either. So just go back to wherever you are staying, and do not bother me again. I told you that what you did is unforgivable, and I meant it, James. Now, go.
We stared at each other, the roaring inferno that was usually alive in my eyes during those moments of heated contention turned down to a barely crackling spark. That silence magnified throughout the relatively sizable room we were in until I wanted nothing more than to crouch down with my hands over my ears, wailing like a small child. It never failed to surprise me how often in those moments I wanted to have a tantrum not unlike one a child would have when her way is not gotten.
Of course, in response to my own need for an outburst of petulant, immature vitriol, I saw nothing in him but the most aggravating patience and understanding, both of which were very new for him. Behind that, there was the deepest apology, so heartfelt and sincere, and an explanation that went far beyond what I could understand at that point in time, given how stubbornly I was holding onto my scorned sense of betrayal.
When he saw that I was practically squirming in discomfort at the awkwardness of the encounter, he moved over so he was sitting on the edge of the bed in front of where I was standing. His beautiful brown eyes looked down as he grasped my hands; he only looked at me after his lips were pressed to one of them.
I know it doesn't mean much to you now, sweetheart. I know you're furious, and I told you, I would be, too, if you had kept something like this from me. It's terrible, I know it is. I can't believe that I agreed to it, and there's nothing I can say about that decision now besides the fact that I was so stupid, and that it was cruel and unforgivable. I know it is. Now, even though I have been preparing a speech for three days, I couldn't plan one out that fit everything together and said everything that I want to say to you. So, I'm just going to have to wing it. I need you to understand, if you take nothing else from this, that I love you more than anything else in this world or the last one, and that I know, more surely than I have ever known anything, that you're the only person I am supposed to be with. We're a weird pairing, and if you had told me where we would be now a year ago, I would have suggested that you check yourself into that rehab clinic that was right by your house...
I couldn't fight the small smile that formed on my lips.
...but here we are. He was smiling slightly, too, when he kissed my hand again. I love you, baby. That's the thing that I need you to take from this: I love you so much, and during this year, you've driven me absolutely nuts, like... wanting-to-pull-my-hair-out-nuts.
Now, a soft laugh escaped me.
...but you've also made me so happy; being here with you, with Penny, with Violet... It's been the best time of my life. It's been the most stable time, weirdly enough. The world ended, and we moved around like a tribe of cave-people for an entire year, and yet it was the most stable time of my life. There's only one reason why that makes any sense at all, and that's you. You've driven me insane, but you've made me the happiest man on Earth and Pangaea, so how does that work?
I don't know. I answered honestly, and he raised his eyebrows at me in jocular surprise. Shut up.
The smile faded from my lips as I leaned forward to kiss his. For a long moment, we stayed like that, both with our eyes closed, and me with my hands on his face. When I pulled away from him, my tired eyes gazed so despondently into his, and he knew that his plea for my understanding had failed. His pride did not roar to life as a last defense to ease his pain; instead, he nodded slightly and kissed the palms of both of my hands.
That's it? He asked me, so softly that I barely heard him.
With misery that was almost too obvious, I nodded. The shrug I gave him was a gesture that was so cold, and yet the pain in my eyes was incapable of being ignored, by him or me. I might have been shrugging off whatever it was that we had together by choosing to care more about the lies he had told than the love we had shared, but he knew that I was acting almost completely against my will; he knew that I was beholden to voices of dead loved ones, and not just Maura, but the cold-hearted person I had been for so long. That hardened bitch still controlled me in so many ways, even then.
Okay, He whispered gently, and he nodded again, Okay, Brynn. When he stood up, he rested his hands on either side of my neck and pressed his lips to my forehead. I love you so, so much, He whispered, And I'll be here for you whenever you need me. I swear that to you, Brynna.  Just remember that, okay?
I nodded, and muttered something under my breath; the words left me, and I barely noticed.
What, baby?
I shook my head now, feeling those resilient, forceful tears charging forward to the edges of my eyes again. When they began to leak out, and that feeling of such venomous self-loathing clawed every inch of my inner being until it was shredded to bloody scraps, I turned away abruptly and began to limp pathetically towards the bathroom. Even though nausea rolled my stomach in sickeningly quick and harried circles the moment the sound escaped me, I pressed my back against the closed door of the bathroom and let out one breathy, trembling sob. I had seen women in movies slide down the wall in a teary fit of grief and remorse, or as a result of an overly dramatic show of any emotion, for that matter, and yet as I covered my mouth with one of my hands, my legs slowly began to give out beneath my weight, and my back slid down the polished wood of the door behind me. A tremendous, rasping breath and another cry left me after I heard the door close at the front of the house.
I could not fathom the pain of losing Maura, whose face was the earliest memory I had. Despite all that had occurred between us and despite all that she had done to make me hate her, I had loved her. I was worried to the point of vicious panic about Adam, whom only three days earlier I had loathed. There was no escaping the fact that I had some tiny sliver of romantic feelings for him, and what we had done technically constituted as cheating on James, whom I had just sent away, despite every last part of me screaming desperate, furious pleas for me to let him stay.
Take care of yourself. I ordered myself fiercely, in a tone of forceful condescension usually reserved only for the most pitiful people I encountered. Get over it, and start taking care of yourself again.
Why had I let myself love him? Why hadn't I sent him away like I had wanted to? Why hadnt he run away? Now, here I was, sobbing on the floor in a broken heap, suffering from a combination of physical and emotional pain; it sounds dramatic to say it that way, but that is the way it was.
You're confusing romantic love for weakness, and I should have told you so many times that there is no connection between the two.
My mother was speaking to me in the voice of that woman we had saved; I knew it was that woman's voice even though I had never heard her speak. I could see her talking to me, and it was her voice, and yet I knew that her essence was my mother's. As I have stated previously, I could not remember much about my mother, and it had only been a year at this point. But trauma can only be trumped by the mind's willingness to forget; faulty memory is not so much a fault, but rather, it is a blessing, a last defense against pain that even we advanced creatures simply cannot pacify.
To put it simply, I couldn't face what I had done to her, so I blocked her out. As I have stated before, I think that unconscious yet very willing forgetting of her became contagious, and so many others, including my siblings, could not remember her, either. After all I had done to her, after I had abandoned her and allowed her to die alone, I very cruelly erased her from the memories of all who had known her. If ever I die, I hope she shuns me in death the way she did in life; I hope she hates me for that.
And yet, she was speaking to me through another in a valiant attempt to make her voice and message heard. There was no resentment in her tone nor was her message one meant to weaken me further. In fact, I could hear that she was trying to comfort me.
You love him, and you need him. That isn't weakness, Brynna. That is the greatest strength.
You are wrong! I snapped at her, You are wrong about this the same way you were wrong about everything else.
I did not question why I could hear her voice, nor did I assume that I was losing my mind. My power was one of comprehension and perception, and I was perceiving her spirit despite how far it was from me.
You won't believe me. You won't believe what I say. But I should have told you that. Maura was wrong; she was afraid for herself and for you. You love him, and you need him. Now go after him.
Everything was erased. By my own will and by hers, I was jumping up, grabbing the silk bathrobe that hung behind the door most conveniently, and running out of the bathroom. Without stopping to put on shoes, I ran out onto the porch, into the night that was so cold, it snatched my breath. Swirling clouds formed and dissolved in front of me with each of my breaths as I looked all around, struggling to pinpoint where exactly he had gone. I wanted to run but I could not, so I started to hobble down the stairs, watching the steps as my feet landed on each one, praying that I did not trip and injure myself further, as I would not be able to find him then.
Come on. Come on. I was urging myself softly. If I just encouraged my body to move and as long as I moved slowly, I would be able to stay on my feet.
Those strong arms of his had scooped me up before I had even realized that he had returned. When he had realized that I was forcing myself to go after him, he had returned to me in a frenzied blur. As he carried me up the stairs, I kissed him over and over again, still crying, but now even more hysterically.
Please don't go. I begged, Please stay with me. James, please don't leave me. I thought I wanted you to, but I dont. I love you, James. Im sorry. Please stay. Dont go. I love you so much, and I need you.
I love you, too. He told me. Once we were inside, and he had laid me down on our bed, he kissed me softly, his lips held to and moving against mine gently and slowly. Then, he hovered over top of me with his forehead pressed to my chest, and I wrapped my arms around him, holding him to me tightly. For a long time, we said nothing, as there was nothing else that we could say. He had apologized, I had accepted through professing my love for him, and that was all that was needed. When he looked up at me, I covered my face, as I was still hiccupping with each new cry that took me, and tears were still streaming freely down my already dirtied cheeks.
Don't. He whispered softly, It's okay.
It is not okay. I whispered back somewhat fiercely as he pulled my hand away. When I went to sit up again, he had to put his arm underneath of my head and pull me up to him, as my muscles had finally thrown up their hands and decided to engage in a simultaneous sit-in after protesting my continued movement for so long. When he cradled me in his arms and carried me to the bathroom, my sobs continued to fall from me despite how valiantly I was fighting them. When he sat me down on the sink so he could turn the bath on, I covered my face again.
It is so cold. I whispered to him.
What, sweetheart?
I had to uncover my face for him to hear me. When I spoke again, though, my eyes stayed downcast to the floor, and once the words had left my mouth, I immediately covered my face again.
Brynna... He grasped my wrists gently and pulled my hands away. It's just me, baby. He wiped my tears away and then rubbed my arms slowly to warm me. I love you, and I know that you've been through absolute hell. I can't imagine what it was like for you out there with him. You said that you ran into your dad and Paul, and that they hurt you. But what about Adam? Did he hurt you?
That was when I remembered that I was keeping a secret of my own. My heart gave an uncomfortably sudden jolt forward that nearly sent me crashing into him. My eyes must have widened because inside of him, I felt an implosion of sickening belief that he had been hiding since the moment he had found me; though he did not know how, exactly, he knew that Adam had hurt me.
Of course, you and I both know that is not true. I was a willing participant in mine and Adam's tryst, and even as James and I resolved our differences, I did not regret what had occurred between us. Adam was not the monster I had so long believed him to be, and what we had faced and overcome out in the woods had brought us closer. The violent emotional ascents and crashes, were they physical, would have been enough to snap the necks of mountain oxen, let alone human beings, on the very first sudden rise. As I carried him on my shoulders, through my own pain, I became invested in healing his, and through risking my own life, I began to pray that his would be spared. Our fates had been one out there in that darkness-infested forest; around every turn, we had encountered deadly human enemies or worse, the ones who were not of this world and who had been born from the same darkness that had been surrounding us.
Now, I could have taken the most stereotypical path available, and in this case, stereotypes were actually represented in real time by actual people who constantly chose to embody them; they were not just metaphors, is what I am trying to say. Not to put too fine a figure on it, but nine out of ten people would have taken the road of lies and excuses; in this particular case, after they and their boyfriend of one year had painstakingly resolved their huge, seemingly unforgivable differences, they would have purported that the man they had been with for three days had attacked them, or coerced them with his silver tongue and maybe even with his grasp on the power of harnessing emotions.
Alright, on Earth, no one would actually say that. But you understand.
I was the one person out of ten who would not be lying for the sake of myself, my boyfriend, or the man I had saved.
He did not hurt me. I need you to accept that now.
My tone was lifeless, and my tears, now scarce, were not heard in that tone at all. To avoid being seen as disingenuous or too ashamed, I made sure to fix my eyes on him. When my mother used to tell my father that she had been with John again, she had always kept her eyes on anything else but his. When he had told her that he had slept with everyone from women in high-end strip clubs to fans of his to interns to his press secretary, he had always looked her dead in eye. When he came home after creeping into Maura's house in the middle of the night, though, he couldn't look in my mother's direction, let alone in her eyes.
Banging on the door in the middle of the night I shook my head back and forth and forced the blurriness in my eyes to clear so I could look at James again.
James's voice, though urgent because of his intense need to know what had occurred out in the woods with Adam, was far off in the distance, in a time and space that I had left only briefly. Despite the urgency, there was still a gentle concern; he knew that I had traversed off to some dark emotional space as a result of what had happened. When I looked back at him, the tears rushed back into my eyes. I grasped his hand that was rested on my face and shook my head slightly.
God, after everything, I am just like them.
My stomach turned over in another almost painful fit of nausea that nearly sent me hurtling towards the toilet. I had been referring to my parents, and just like them, I could not look James in the eye for another second. All I wanted was to be able to walk away, but my need to explain to him how it had happened kept me firmly rooted to the spot where I was sitting, and plus, my body was no longer supporting my mind's stubborn will to remain on my feet.
You slept with him, didn't you?
Nothing. Not a hint of any of the varying degrees of anger. Something told me not to trust that absence, and as my instincts were spot-on quite often, I chose to proceed with my tale with great caution.
We slept together every night. It was very cold, and there was no other way to survive. Plus, he was dying, and I was checking his pulse to make sure...
Brynna!
His voice gave a slight jump, and my body jerked upwards with it. When he realized that he had startled me (though in reality, he had actually scared me), he reached out, placed his hand on my face again, and stroked my cheek with his thumb as he apologized hurriedly yet sincerely.
We came very close to it. I had just saved his life, and we were fighting, and then, I don't know why, but we were lying on the ground, and we were going to... I stopped, and rerouted my mental course quickly, It did not happen. He asked me if I was sure, and I said that I was not, and after that, he couldn't do it.
How noble of him. He said venomously, How noble of you, too, to stop it.
Though his words stung, I remained calm. Though I wanted to defend myself against his anger by stating that I had ended our relationship and that my anger towards him had fed the fire of my feelings for Adam, I knew that he would have cold retorts to both of those points that would only make me want to fight even more.
What? You don't have anything to say? He demanded suddenly, That's new for you. You must know that you really fucked up, Brynna.
I am too tired to have this fight with you, but I wanted you to know. If there is one thing that I am not, it's a coward, and I was not going to keep secrets from you because I was afraid of how you were going to react. The last thing I wanted was for you to believe that he hurt me...
Now, he did raise his voice.
Of course, because you two are so close now! 
Be quiet! I snapped at him, Penny and Violet are asleep!
It was always there. It wasn't just him looking at you that way; I could see you looking at him. This might come as news to you, dear, but I'm quite a bit older than you, and I've been around the block a few times. So I know what those little looks and all that animosity towards him meant. Christ, you pulled the same act with me!
Are you out of your mind?! I asked, more in shock than in anger, I hated him, James, and you know that!
Yeah, well, hate and love aren't so different, are they?
The anger was bubbling to life inside of me. The rage was not far behind it.
Do not attempt to give me the most clichd philosophical lesson there is, or to use that same lesson to explain away what I did. You have no idea what we experienced out there, or you would not question why we got closer. The natural elements were not the worst part of it, and need I remind you that you and I were not together!?
Maybe we weren't, but...
But what?! I was furious with you for what you did...
What he made me do! But you forgot all about that, right? I'm really, really curious about this, baby, so please, be honest...
Like I would lie for your sake or for my own... I muttered furiously.
Why did he get let off the hook so easily? Why am I in the shit-house...
It's the doghouse. I corrected him, Do not make it vulgar because you are angry. What are you, eight?!
Just shut up and answer the question!
My eyes widened, and I couldn't fight the derisive smile that wanted to form, nor did I cover it with my hand once it had.
Well, which is it? I asked him.
What?!
Should I shut up, or should I answer the question?
That did it. He punched the wall, and the plaster imploded easily under the force of the blow.
Don't you pull this shit with me! Answer the goddamn question, or I am going to walk out of here!
I did not let him off the...
Jesus Christ, Brynna! He interrupted me.
I don't quite see what he has to do with it...
Are you joking right now? Are you kidding me?! You're joking when I'm this pissed off?!
Not so fun, is it, James?
For Christ's sake! I didn't even look at another woman while you were gone! All I did was worry about you, and then, I came looking for you, even though you had told me we were over! And what were you doing? You were throwing yourself at him, basically saying 'screw you!' to all of us who were thinking that you were dead!
James, I was not saying that! Circumstances beyond...
If you say that what you did was the result of circumstances beyond your control, I am going to walk out of here and never come back, Brynna. He warned me breathlessly. You had a choice! This wasn't your uncle raping you, so don't even try to play that card with me!
He was expecting the slap before it came, so he caught my wrist. I know that it must seem so childish of me, my tendency to use physical force in my attempts to make my feelings known, but would you not have hit him, too, if he had said something so terrible?
Yeah. I knew that was coming. He hissed at me, It always does, when I hit a nerve.
Get out! I shouted, and the tears began again. I never should have come after you!
No! I'm not leaving! Do you want to know why?
I started to answer, but he cut me off.
Rhetorical question! I'm not leaving because for three days, I thought you were dead! And it ate at me constantly, Brynna! I couldn't begin to think how we were going to carry on without you. I couldn't even begin to plan how I was going to live without you! I am furious at you; I can barely look at you! But that doesn't mean that I don't still love you or that I don't want to be with you! There are technicalities to this, and they're the only reason why I'm not storming out that door right now without looking back.
Like what, James?!
Like the fact that you were out there with him alone, facing things together, surviving the odds together. Like the fact that you had ended things with me. But God, Brynna, I didn't expect you to move on so fast!
There was a bitter, resentful edge to his sarcasm; he was wielding that verbal abnormality as a weapon instead of as a tool for jesting.
James...
Don't. He diverted his gaze from mine for no other reason than that looking at me was too angering for him. Just get in the bath, and call me when you're done. I'll take care of you tonight, but you might be on your own for a couple of days after that.
I would prefer it if you did not bother at all. You are either here, or you are not. Make your choice now.
It doesn't work like that, Brynna! He shouted at me. You must really have been pissed at me. You knew that if it was him or Don, it would be different than if it was anyone else.
Because everything is about you, isn't it? All my choices are either to please or displease you. I let that sink in for a minute; I watched as he stumbled over his words, searching for a response that would sting me most painfully. When he finally settled on one, I interrupted him before he could speak a single syllable.
I have made your decision for you. Leave.
I'm not leaving!
Why?! I demanded, and I threw myself forward so I was standing again.
My legs wobbled at first and then collapsed before I had a chance to sit down again. The pressure that ran from the back of my head to the bottom of my back was agonizing, worse than if I were lying flat on my stomach and a decent-sized boulder rolled over top of me. The muscles in my shoulders tore to the left and right, and the bones felt like they had finally snapped in two. Every vertebrae in my spine rattled from the force of the thundering steps that pain was taking down them. A cry escaped me and was stifled, thankfully, by his shirt; he had caught me before even my knees could hit the ground.
Oh, my God... I whispered, and the terror I felt so strongly was evident in my words. James, what is wrong with me?
Shh... He had to drain the tub and run the water again, as it had grown cold during our argument. Shit, the water heater went out. I have to go get it started again.
Letting go with him was easy, despite our argument. Going along with the plans he had in his head was all I could do; I let him lift me up, carry me into the bedroom, lay me down on the bed, and cover me up. When he suggested gently that I rest for a few minutes, I nodded but never closed my eyes, as I knew that sleep would seize me immediately.
When he came back, he went into the bathroom and started the water again, and I could feel the coldness of the night outside still clinging to him as he made his way through the room. The water came on noisily, and when he came back out, I watched him kneel in front of the fireplace at the end of the room. With violent downward slashes, he ground the thin piece of wood against the thick piece of bark from the flare-tree; we did not have a tree like that on Earth, whose bark took only something rubbing against it to ignite into a wildfire. In small quantities, it was useful for starting fires in a grate the way James was. In large quantities, it meant catastrophe, or salvation, as Adam and I had proven.
After the fire was lit, he returned to the bed and laid down beside me without getting under the blanket. His eyes fell on me only after I had turned on my side to face away from him. Warm heaviness in my eyes snatched away my ability to remain angry and alert. Realization of my physically and emotionally deteriorated state stole his ability to remain angry, at least; his alertness never faltered. After several long minutes, he crawled closer to me until his front was pressed against my back. When he kissed my head, I reached back cautiously to rest my hand over top of the one of his that he had laid on my arm.
I love you very much, and that's why I'm angry. He told me softly, If I didn't love you, I wouldn't care; trust me, I know that from experience. I love you, and I'm...
I turned over onto my back so I could look up at him. Finally, he was able to look at me without scowling.
What? I pressed him gently.
It makes me... envious.
Envious? Why on Ear... Why on Pangaea would you be envious?
Is that even a question? He asked me, Brynna, how could I not be envious? Even though you hated him, he always wanted you. When he wanted me to hand you over to him, I knew, just from listening to him, that he was... enamored with you.
Now James had said it, too. My father had used the word entranced. No matter the word choice, the message was the same: Adam wanted more from me than just unbridled access to my power. I had seen it in the way he acted and known it by the things he said, but I had denied it. Now, I knew for sure, as so many others had said the same.
And now I'm afraid that since he knows a part of you feels the same way...
It does n...
His kiss stopped me from continuing. The lie was never spoken out loud, for which I was thankful, as he did not deserve to be lied to, and if I did lie, I was doing exactly what I was so angry at him for doing.
It's okay. He has a way of getting what he wants, and that's not any fault of yours. I would gladly fight him for you. But I'm afraid that he won't stop until you go to him, even if that's against your will.
He would never do that to me, James. I know that it is easier to paint him as the villain and me as the victim, but he would not hurt me. I believe that wholeheartedly. And I knew what I was doing. He didnt coerce me. He didnt trick me. I wanted to do it. He would never force me into anything against my will, James. Not now.
There was somethingperhaps it was pity, or perhaps it was disbelief, or perhaps it was bothin his eyes that told me I was wrong, at least in his view. A part of him wanted to make me see his point of view on the subject, but then, he also did not want to upset me.
I never should have said that about your uncle. I'm sorry. He told me, and I knew that he meant it genuinely. Still, his reminder of what he had said stuck a pin in my heart all over again.
I forgive you, but I will warn you now that you should never use that as a weapon against me again. I will only tolerate that being used as leverage in an argument once, and I should not even tolerate it once.
I know. I've got to start watching myself. I've got to start trying to calm myself down when we fight. I don't... He stopped, and closed his eyes for a second as the memory of his wife's body flooded to the forefront of his mind. I am so afraid that I'm going to hurt you, Brynna.
I pulled him closer to me so I could kiss him.
Just because you say vile things when you are angry does not mean that you are going to physically harm me, James. I have said some terrible things, haven't I? Those people to whom I said them are still alive.
I lost control with her, Brynna. And sometimes, you make me so angry. I'm sorry; I don't mean to say that, and don't get defensive, but you do. When we fight, I just get so mad. But that's proof that I genuinely care, right? But then, it's not, because I didn't care about my wife...
But you care about me? You love me?
Of course I do. Is that not obvious? He asked, with a very slight, almost self-conscious laugh.
It is.
I know that I love you, and you know that. But what if... He paused, and I grasped his hand.
What, honey?
What if that isn't enough to stop me? She and I were married for a while; ten years, almost. I didn't love her, but I did at one time. And I pushed her, Brynna. And she fell, and she died. I killed her.
It was an accident.
And what if that same accident happens to you?! He whispered furiously.
It will not! If there were even a slight possibility of that happening, if I thought you were a danger to me, do you really think that I, with my grim life experiences, would choose to stay around you?
No, but...
Would I let you around Penny and Violet? You get angry, I get angry. Your anger got out of control with your wife, and a terrible accident happened, and she died. I was angry with my mother and left her behind, and she died, too. We both killed people we loved once, just in different ways. But James, how many times have we fought? Besides the time with the Peace Fruit, you have never led me to believe that I was in danger of being physically harmed by you. You have never taken the Peace Fruit since, so we have not had a problem. God, I am used to raised voices resulting instantly in raised hands. You have never made me think that you were going to hit me, or push me, or anything of the sort. Besides, I would more than likely know that you were going to do it before you did it, anyway.
Maybe. I hope. He looked at me and gently, I touched his face. You would leave me, wouldn't you? You would pack up Penny and Violet, and you'd go if you thought I was a danger to you?
That is by far the stupidest question you have ever asked. I told him, But I will answer it anyway, because the answer is slightly more complicated than a simple yes or no. I would leave you, and I would be glad that my life and their lives were not in danger, but it would break my heart to do it. Is that an adequate answer?
He kissed me and nodded.
Yeah. Come on. He carried me back into the bathroom and sat me on the sink again. As he untied the front of the robe, I leaned forward to rest my head against his shoulder. He turned his head so he could kiss mine as his hands continued to delicately take off the rest of my clothes.
Come in with me. I said softly. I want you to stay with me, James.
I'm right here, baby.
Carefully, he lifted me up and set me down in the water before shedding his own clothes. I was stunned to see that three days out in the wilderness had caused him to thin out substantially; though his muscles were still there, he seemed more fragile, almost sickly, even. Although I knew that they had traveled a great distance with an insufficient supply of food for everyone, I could not help but be surprised by how he looked.
I'll be fine, baby. It's you I'm worried about.
You are always worried about me.
I sat forward so he could sit behind me. When I leaned back against him, he encased me in his embrace, and I grasped his arms that were clasped so tightly around me. After a minute, he took the sweet-smelling soap and began to run it down my front. After that, he leaned me forward so my body was rested on one of his arms, and I closed my eyes as he ran the soap down my back.
Oh, man, baby...
What? My eyes snapped open, and I jerked upwards, alarmed.
Nothing. He assured me quickly, You're really starting to bruise, that's all. And these cuts... Baby... can I ask what it was?
I hesitated for a moment, unsure whether I wanted him to know, despite how very little difference it made.
It was a piece of vine. Do not worry about me; I am alright. It is just pain. There is nothing seriously wrong.
Brynna, you can't stand up.
I will be fine tomorrow.
You need to go back to the infirmary and stay so they can evaluate you again.
I am just tired. My throat had tightened and the tears were falling again. After an unsteady gasp, a soft sob escaped me. I just need to go to sleep.
Alright. Shh... Baby, I'm sorry. I know how you are about that...
I'm sorry. I know you are just trying to do what is best for me. But they'll ask me to take off my shirt, and I can't do that, James. I don't want anyone but you to see me. It can't be anyone but you.
I know. He pulled my head back delicately so it was against his shoulder, and then he turned it so he could press his lips to mine. I know, baby. We'll see how you feel tomorrow, okay?
I nodded, and closed my eyes again when I felt his hands slide between my back and his torso. The way he massaged my shoulders was perfect; he used enough pressure to work the pain out, but not enough to cause me any more. Everything, even the night, slowed down, and with the help of his hands and that hot bath water, my body that I had so abused for the previous days knew that it could finally let go completely, and my mind could finally relax because it knew that there was no place on Earth, Pangaea, or any other planet out there where I was safer than there with him.
He woke me up only long enough for him to get out of the tub and lift me out. As he dressed me, I lulled peacefully in between wakefulness and sleep. When he had climbed into bed and gotten under the covers beside me, and his arms were around me, and I was warmed from the heat of his strong body pressed against mine, I finally dropped away completely.
***

The fire had only been the beginning, and it had only claimed certain parts of the world. The bombs had been meant for only a few very unlucky regions, which laid in ruins beyond that of death, in utter destruction; every piece of the inhabitants there, every muscle, every bone, every beat of their hearts and every thought that had ever run through their heads in their varying years of existence, were gone, erased, forgotten by most, grieved by the rest. Even now, the fire burned, as all who could end it had long since fled or died within it.
The dropping of the bombs had been done simultaneously by the many opposing sides. For once, synchrony in the universe was not just a befuddling coincidence but rather, a frightfully clear signal from God or the Gods that the destruction of the world was not only imminent, but that it truly was written long before we grazed the fields, travailed the dangerous seas, built the cities, or slowly began to dissemble it all; our destruction was promised and guaranteed for us by some mad creator before we were even created.
In the farthest reaches of the world, bombs had fallen. Radioactive material was no longer in vogue, not in our days there. My father always used to proudly profess that poison was not needed to kill the remnants of one's enemies; they would kill each other in far more brutal ways. Even as a young child, hearing those words brought forth the thought that no death, not one inflicted by nature or by the hands of another human, could be so painful as to die slowly from poison. A part of my young mind was terrified to contemplate the idea of people feeling that venom as it spread through their systems, weakening them until they could do nothing but lie on the ground in the most breathtaking agony possible, awaiting the moment when God or the Gods would be so gracious as to take them away. Sometimes, my father had told my mother nonchalantly, it took several days.
The radiation would have been the cowardly guns, but the fire was the brutal, nonstop fista hand-to-hand combatant who never tired and who fed on nothing but the swirling ash, toxic black smoke, andits favorite food of allthe clean air that was struggling to survive. In those parts of the world, there had been no survivors. For months, small groups from the ruins traveled, believing they were all that was left. I could relate to that, but I could not know their utter terror entirely, despite all the strange and frightening things I had encountered.
God's will was not finished with the bombs, as too many, by the grace of someone or something else, survived. From the oceans that continued to roll and thunder against the burnt remnants of land, massive waves of water, so high that they rose to the level of the pseudo-nuclear sun, crashed against what remained, and erased whoever had been unlucky enough to survive the first phase of the world's annihilation. The sight of that mighty mass rising in front of my eyes caused the breath to hitch in my throat; the power of it, the force of it, the unstoppable crushing death that awaited me, I saw it all, and I could not breathe, I could not think, I could not even scream... And what would I say, really, if I could scream?
I remembered suddenly one day at the beach, when Eli and I had been very young. We were running into the waves that were rolling towards us almost joyfully, as though they were having as much fun with us as we were with them. As each wave came in, we would scream up or through, and most of the time, our commands always matched; when I yelled to go up and over, he had wanted to go up and over the wave, and when he yelled that we should swim through it, I had already been halfway into a dive. But then, one wave, frightening in both its size and the deafening sound of the crash that it made as it barreled towards us in what looked, sounded, and felt like very human rage, swept us both up, and sent us hurtling upside down and sideways over and over again, all the while holding us under the water. I remember holding my breath for as long as I could, but I was under for so long that my air ran out, and then, my mouth was open, and I was trying to scream, but I only took in a huge mouthful of salt water instead. As I choked under the water, my body twisted around and flung backwards, already beginning to scream in pain from the force of being overturned so violently.
Luckily, Eli and I washed towards the shore, and Maura was able to grab us both, pull us out of the water by one arm each and administer our violently shaken little bodies onto the sand, where we huffed and puffed and in Eli's case, cried. I believe that we all have a moment in our lives when we understand (and fear greatly) the true power of nature, or at the very least, where we witness the true power of nature firsthand. That was my moment, and I was reliving it in that dream, as I watched that tidal wave, infinitely bigger and angrier than the wave that had so roughly manhandled me when I was a child, rise to its full, intimidating height right before my eyes.
Instead of words screamed out, whatever they might have been, I merely groaned in utter horror with my arms wrapped around myself, my body curled over, and my eyes squeezed shut; I could hear it and see it in my mind even though my eyes were closed in the dream. I knew that soon I would be blasted backwards by that forceful flood that had been created seemingly only for me...
Everything changed. I was wandering now, looking down at hands that were not my own. They were the hands of a boy, approximately my age, if I had to guess, or a little younger. A backpack was slung over the shoulder of the person through whose eyes I was seeing, and they had been walking for days, for even longer than I had walked with Adam. Beside this person, a young woman whose face was out of focus walked with slow, laboring steps, her arms wrapped around herself, and her breaths being released in short, breathy sobs. Her steely gray eyes were all I could see in perfect clarity, but they stayed fixed straight ahead, even as I looked at her, even as she silently wanted him to answer a question that she could not bring herself to pose out loud, one of which I did not know the significance.
Why did you make me hide?
Her tears were that of sadness, fear, and anger. He had forced her to hide from something or someone against her will. Someone had been taken from her, and they were on their way to get that person back. He was thinking that they would die, and he was willing to risk that, because someone very close to him, someone who had his love absolutely, had been taken from him, too. He was willing to risk his own life, but he was not willing to risk hers. When they arrived at their destination, if they ever did, he would force her to remain behind and continue with the journey on his own. The people they were going to meet could not be trusted, but he had no choice but to leave her with them, for the ones that they would encounter at their last destination were far worse than the ones they were meeting currently could ever be...
They might not be from here, but that might make them the best people to trust.
His thoughts were not a puzzle to him, so he could think in codes and fragments without becoming confused. I, on the other hand, felt like I was listening to very heavy emotional secrets, long-kept and held close, but spoken in a language completely unknown to me. Being a parasitic infestation in that boy's mind was uncomfortable, to say the least, but just as I left him, I watched as he turned his head to the left to observe the trees. In fallen rows, they lined a rural street, extending all the way up a large hill into a tiny neighborhood with only five houses. One of those trees had fallen directly on the house at which they both were staring.
Dread overtook him, and the mental scene changed.
A selection of living creatureshumans, animals, plantshad managed to survive the fallout. In some places, buildings had managed to hold their ground against the multiple forces of destruction. After taking hold of that boy's senses, I could hear the screeching of crows and the triumphant cackling of vultures; for a brief moment, I had seen those carrion creatures ripping into the flesh of a dead man, squawking in delight after the warm fragments of skin had slid down into their stomachs that had been hollow for so long.
In another place, another town, another story, hands that looked familiar to me were grasping a steering wheel. His leg was shaking up and down and beside him, a woman whose face was a blur was rocking back and forth, begging him to drive faster. But they were at a dead stop, stuck in the middle of a massive traffic jam; on the radio, a voice was warning everyone to abandon the cities and get underground.
If he heard about this, he'll go get her first, sweetheart. The man told her, They'll get out. I promise you.
Her voice jumbled and broke, like it was a frequency being jammed by some meddling device close by. Before her thoughts could even be spoken out loud, the car began to rumble and shake up and down, and all around them, people were jumping out of their cars and looking straight ahead, some screaming, some completely silent and still as they awaited whatever terror nature held in store for them next...
Water came whipping around the bend several hundred yards ahead of them.
Come on! He jumped out of the car, ran around to her side, pulled open the door, and grasped her hand. Both were trying not to look back, but they had to know how close that unstoppable wave was, they had to see how much time they had...
It crashed over the cars behind them, knocking them aside the way a child thrashes his small blocks from side to side without a care for where they land or how badly they will be damaged. They ran as quickly as they could, but they were no match for it; they had only a blink, a nanosecond, to get inside another car, one in which the driver and passenger were staring straight ahead with petrified eyes... He covered her just as the water rolled over the car, causing the windows to concave and water to fill the space. He had only just warned her to take a deep breath as his body threw itself forward to cover her...
I felt every flip of the car. The urge to take a deep breath was undeniable after so long of holding it in, and I felt myself choking as water took the place of what I had so desperately prayed would be new, beautiful air. It was dj vu, a scene repeated from my childhood, and yet it was completely new, because of the thoughts in my head: I prayed that my son had found my daughter... I prayed that drowning was not as slow as I had always been told it was... I prayed that my husband, who was not the man with me, would wait to run... I prayed that we would survive so we could meet him... Wait for us, wait for us, wait for us...
My heart stopped. I died gasping.
I woke up with a sharp gasp that sent a pain through my chest as sharp as a slow, deep jab from a long, clawed blade. Then, the scream left me and did not stop even after I had run out of air. My hands covered my face before my arms swung forward abruptly and around violently; I did not know what I was fighting because there was nothing, not the slightest possibility that I could swim to the surface of that terrible, rushing wave. I was fighting nothing except the prominence of my death that had been so slow, so terrifying. I had felt every second of it.
Baby! Baby!
Tears and sobs were intermixed with my screams. My fist made contact with something solid, and it hurt, but I kept swinging, believing that Death had taken a form, and I was fighting him, fighting for my very life, for continued days of Earth, as ravaged as it was...
Only I was not Earth. I was on Pangaea.
My eyes snapped open, and I found that not only was James in the room with me, but Violet and Alice were, too.
It's alright... James was walking towards me cautiously, reaching out to me with one hand, and holding up the other to tell me that he was not going to hurt me. Brynn, you're okay.
My body was bent over slightly, and my breaths were quick and shallow, and my tears and cries would not stop.
Brynn, we're all right here. Violet was telling me just as gently. I don't know what happened, but there's no one here that's going to hurt you. God, I'm so happy you're finally here!
Her smile calmed me, even though it was slight. She wanted to reach out to me and embrace me tightly, but she knew that I was too rattled by whatever had happened to me. I needed time to adjust. As strange as it was, I needed a few minutes to re-acclimate myself to reality.
Come on, baby. James had closed the gap between us. Gently, he put his hands on my face. When he saw that my arms were wound tightly around my middle, he reached down to loosen them. After pulling them away, though, he looked at his hand, and then turned me around gently.
Okay... He muttered, Ladies, I need some bandages. Can you see if we have any in the house? Get me some acid-root, too, please.
They left with no hesitation, and I did not even struggle to look back to see what I had done, as I already knew; my nails had scratched and dug deeply wherever they could reach as I embraced myself during and after the dream.
They left, whispering amongst themselves about how happy they were that I was alright, and how scared they were by what was happening. The two contrasting thoughts were strange to be said in almost the same breath but then, they were teenagers, and teenagers are the strangest lot of all. Listening in on the thoughts of my sister and Alice always yielded interesting results; the thought patterns were as erratic as the many different moods that they cycled through. Those sudden changes occurred always without their noticing, so when they were called on them, they always reacted defensively. That part of their teenage condition always entertained me very much.
Sit down, sweetheart. When James touched me again, I had not been expecting it, so I flinched and jumped away from him before I could realize that it was only him. Alright alright... He said quickly, holding up his hand again as though he were coaxing a frightened animal forward. It's alright, baby. It was just a bad dream. Come here, sweetheart.
I think I am awake, but it was so real that I dont know. I told him, and my voice sounded utterly pathetic because it was tinged with the high-pitched quality that voices take when new sobs are imminent.
Then, come here. He prodded me gently, and he reached his hand out to me again.
My legs carried me to him, and as soon as his arms were around me, I sunk against him, struggling against the tears that wanted to fall continuously, until there was not a drop of liquid left inside of me. I knew then that I was awake, but still, my entire body trembled with a force strong enough to rattle even his firm body. After a moment, he sat us both down on the bed and pulled me into his lap so I could lie with my head beneath his, with one arm over his shoulder and the other grasped tightly around his middle. Only after sitting like that with him for several minutes did I begin to calm down. Only listening to his steady heartbeat was able to slow the nonstop replay of those terrible images I had seen in that nightmare.
What did you see, baby?
He asked me so gently that I could not refuse him an answer. Besides that, I desperately needed to tell someone, specifically him, so he could reassure me that my wild imagination had produced a larger-than-life, overly dramatic, almost ludicrously grim show of what had occurred on Earth. He could tell me that all of those things I had seen were simply my mind's speculation, not a premonition, or rather, a legitimate flashback. Knowing that Earth still existed and that there were people on it was dangerous; it would torment me into madness far more easily than the idea of everyone being dead could. That sounds like a statement backwards in logic, but if one were to think on it from an objective point of view, one would see it this way: Everyone being dead meant that they were no longer suffering (at least if one believes many popular religions, not even necessarily the Abrahamic ones), whereas if people had survived, they were struggling every day to eat and stay sheltered. The same terrible fights that we faced each day were being fought by them, and the only reason we were surviving was because we had adapted by evolving. If we had been merely human, the elements alone would have killed us. The natives never would have had to intervene.
I saw... I was barely able to form a coherent sentence or raise my voice above a timid murmur. I saw the bombs going off. They were bombs, James. It was not the sun, or an explosion from some other source. It was bombs, and there were so many. Some places are still standing. There are still people, James.
He did not respond just then because he knew I was not finished.
Other things happened, too. It was almost as though the fire did not do its job, so God had to throw other things at those who had survived. I saw a flood. Well, first I saw a massive wave, and then I saw a flood. The first memory I saw was of these two kids, and they were searching for something; I think it was a house, because when they found it, it was destroyed. I was seeing through the boy's eyes in that one. But the second memory, I was just observing it; it was like I was sitting in the backseat of their car. And when the water hit them, I could feel...
What, baby? He prodded me gently.
I could feel myself drowning. I felt myself die. James... I looked up at him, Just tell me that it wasn't real.
It wasn't. He answered instantly, and I could see that he was not just pacifying me, he genuinely believed that. It was just a nightmare, baby. After what you've been through for the past three days, it's no surprise that you would have one that was so bad.
It was bad. I nodded, and my body began to shake again. It was as real as when you showed me the vision in the diner. You know what these dreams are like, and yours was true. How do we know that mine was not? I have seen so many things, haven't I? Isn't that my power?
Sweetheart... He grasped my hand and brought it to his lips so he could kiss it. Do you remember the dream you had on the ship when you had taken that pill? You said that the Earth was completely gone.
Yes, and I thought that was true until now. But where would it have gone? Even if something as catastrophic as several bombs going off did occur, the Earth would not disappear. It would still be physically in its place. There would not be just a large blank space the way I saw it in that dream. That should have been obvious to me, but that dream was very vivid, as well. It was just as believable as this one. So now, I don't know which is the truth.
It could be neither, baby. You can see things and sense things, Brynn, but that doesn't mean that every dream you have is real. What happened to Earth, to everyone we ever knew that didn't come with us here It haunts us every day. How could it not? Out of all the most horrendous scenarios in the world, that is the worst; everyone we knew there is dead, and everything we were ever familiar with is gone forever. It weighs on us constantly; I can see that in you whenever Penny asks about Earth, or your mom, or one of her friends.
It is terrible. It is so unfair. So many things about it are unfair, first and foremost of which is that we survived, and they did not. I still ask myself quite frequently why we were the lucky ones. That's what you told me, back in that time that seems like it was one hundred years ago. I almost laughed, though my laugh would have been a very bitter one. You told me that we were the lucky ones.
And you said, 'Lucky by whose definition?' And I had nothing to say. I still don't know if we're lucky or if we're not. Who knows what's on the other side? We could be missing out on a really good time, right? We don't know. No one knows.
There are many theories, some of which are very well known, and others that are not.
You're starting to sound a little more like yourself. He told me with a smile. You don't know how many times I thought about how dull my life would be if I didn't have your overly detailed sentences to decipher.
I turned my head on the side and managed to make a jocular frown form on my face. When my eyebrow raised, he laughed.
And I missed the scolding look of displeasure. Both the real one, and the one you use when you're kidding.
You make yourself sound very stupid when you say that you have to decipher my sentences. You were an engineer, for the sake of all deities and Gods. You are certainly not a stupid man, at least not in terms of learned intelligence.
I know that I'm not stupid. Nine people out of ten have to decipher your sentences, so I'm in the majority. His smile grew, and he slid his hand up into my hair. I turned my head slightly so my cheek was rested in the palm of that hand, and I found myself smiling, too. I never could have imagined that our issues would be resolved so easily, but they had been. Many will suggest that I was far too easy on him, but to me, the only aspect that mattered was that he had not turned me over to Adam, and that when Adam's impatience had reached its maximum level, James had told him that he would rather die than trade me.
I love you. I told him softly, After all of the things we have overcome together, I know that I couldn't live without you.
I feel the very same way, my dear. He leaned forward and held his lips to mine for a long, gentle moment that immediately stopped the rapid beating of my heart. I felt the beats slow to a perfectly synchronized, steady rhythm that almost matched his. I love you, too.
When Violet and Alice returned, I laid on my stomach as James cleaned the deep claw-marks in my side with the acid root. Despite its name, the plant produces a soothing chill that almost erases all traces of pain completely. As James dressed the wounds, careful to keep me covered enough that Alice and Violet could not see my other more severe injuries, I answered the questions posed to me by them as concisely as possible. Something told me that the details of my almost-tryst with Adam would not be met with kindness and understanding, and disrespect was not something I tolerated, even when I was in the wrong. It is not that I thought they would shun me, it is that I knew I would be judged by them, however valiantly they tried to fight that urge. If only a few days earlier someone, even a person who was close to me and who was respected by me, had said that they had almost engaged in a physical relationship with Adam, I would have looked down upon them and immediately questioned their mental capacities. Within my mind and perhaps out loud, I would be commenting that their sanity had fled them long ago.
Well, I'm glad you two love-birds are back together. Alice told us both with a gigantic grin that actually made me smile, too. This is our pack. It's supposed to be all eight of us. The four of us, and Quinn, Nick, Penny, and Eli. We're a tribe. We're a cohesive unit. Like a bundle of atoms. Or a flock of birds. James is the father-bird, and Brynn, you're totally the mom.
That is the most ridiculous thing I have ever heard. I said as Violet and James laughed softly. I would never play mother-bird to you crazed chicks. By chicks, I mean baby birds, not the 1960's era slang term for anyone who is female.
As Alice laughed again, she said, But you do, and you know it. You're the mother-bird. James is the father-bird. You two make sure that we don't fly too far from the nest before we're ready, and you make sure that we eat our worms and bugs!
We also make sure that the baby-birds don't stash little bird-sized bottles of vodka under their beds where they think no one will look, ever. James added, and the looks of surprised, only half-serious guilty expressions on their faces were enough to make us both start laughing again.
We plead the fifth. Violet said instantly. Mama-bird, you never told me that you found those!
Wow. That was the most effective usage of the Fifth Amendment it has ever been my privilege to witness. Thank you for that.
All three of them burst out into the most ridiculous fit of laughter I had seen all night, and it was there, in that moment with them, when we were all behaving like elementary school children in an unsupervised lunch room, that I knew I was finally home, and that despite all that Adam and I had overcome out in the woods, nothing could hurt me anymore because I was back with them. The other quiet revelation I made was that even though for the past five hours, James and I had fought for the majority of the time, we were alright finally, and our relationship was going to continue progressing as it had been for the past year.
Alice and Violet stayed with us, chattering about all that had happened when I did not show up. When one subject almost came up, James must have shot them a look or shaken his head, because they both stopped abruptly and then rerouted the course of the conversation in two completely different directions.
And Quinn tripped over a leaf! Violet exclaimed.
And Penny kicked Don in the shin! Alice exclaimed.
Because that is not suspicious at all. I said with a roll of my eyes, But no matter; I will find out all I need to know on whatever it is that the three of you are hiding tomorrow.
Of course you will. James kissed my cheek. You always do.
Yes, I replied with an emphatic nod, I do. And you know how I do not appreciate secrets. If I focus long enough right now, I will be able to pick it out of your heads, or rather, the topic of the secret will appear to me.
Or you could just go to sleep, and deal with it in the morning. He replied, and we stared at one another in a moment of intensity that was completely farcical until finally, I smiled and pulled him towards me.
We'll leave you two reconciled love-birds alone. Violet told us, I'm tired, too, and I dont want to fall asleep scarred for life after watching you two make out. Which you two adult-birds do when you think no one is looking! All the time! So, there! We baby-birds stash bottles of booze, and you adult-birds go at it like rabbits!
So, were birds and rabbits? I am mildly befuddled. I asked.
We do not go at it like anything. James told them, Because were not married. We dont even kiss. You think that were kissing, but were just talking into each others mouths. Because we dont kiss. Because were not married.
They were doubled over in laughter, and even I was laughing, too, despite the fact that it hurt my ribs to do so.
Oh, God, James, you are hilarious Alice said, wiping the tears from her eyes, Ill see you two love-birds slash Mom-and-Dad birds in the morning. Quinn is probably home.
Dont kiss him! Youre not married! James called after her, Dont break my heart, Allie! Dont disappoint me!
She was still laughing loudly when she walked out the door.
Youre dumb! Violet told him, and he held up his fist, which she immediately pounded with her own.
You know it. He said.
Goodnight, you two crazy kids in love. She said, but before she left, she laid beside me in the bed, wrapped her arms around me, and nestled her head under mine. It was only a hug, albeit a random one, but it affected me in a way that I had not been expecting. My arm came up to hold onto her, and I lowered my cheek so I could rest it against the crown of her head. 
You got dem feels right now. She told me after a long minute of silence, and James burst out laughing in that borderline maniacal way that he did only in response to jokes made by Penny, Violet, or me.
Ive got what?! No, I dont! I exclaimed, and I let go of her.
You do! I feel it in your heart. Its nice. She told me as she pulled away from me, Its cool, Brynn, I had them, too. I mean, I have them all the time. She pounded her fist into her chest and whispered, Dem feels.
Are you high?! I barked at her, and James laughed harder, grasping his stomach, I do not have anything of the sort! I do not even know what dem feels are. Go to sleep, you lunatic!
You got em. You know em. I know em. James knows em, dont you, James?
I know em.
You two are out of your minds.
Goodnight, you feeler of feels. She said from the doorway, and I threw a pillow at her, which she dodged effortlessly. She left the room laughing.
Can you at least throw that pillow back?
Nope!
After she was gone, and after his laughter had subsided (which took at least five minutes), I pulled James close to me and kissed him, for no other reason than that I was suddenly very thankful that he was there with me, that our issues had resolved, that Violet approved of that resolution, and that we could continue to be the strangest makeshift family there ever was. After several long, passionate minutes of kissing him had passed, and I had pulled away, he moved my hair away from my face, and smiled slightly.
What was that for? He asked, with that gentle glint of light in his eyes that I loved so much.
Do I need a reason? I asked him teasingly, with a grin of my own.
Of course not.
Good. My smile grew as he leaned down to kiss me again. After that, we laid down and closed our eyes. Outside in the trees, crickets were chirping, beetles were buzzing, and some four-legged creature was prancing in the distance. The smell of the crumbling leaves and fallen pine needles reminded me that winter was fast approaching, and I was suddenly very thankful for our new shelter, as well. Grieving for those we had lost could wait, although it never had before. But that night, there with James in our new house, I allowed gratitude to replace that festering grief for a short while.
My hands ran up his arm that was over me and stopped to hold tightly onto his biceps.
Just so you are in the loop, I kissed you because I am happy that you are here.
A soft laugh escaped him, and because his face was burrowed there, he kissed my neck first before moving down to my shoulder.
I wouldn't be anywhere else, baby.
I smiled as I began to drift off, and just before I fell asleep, I whispered:
I know.
***

And so I had a peaceful night of sleep. All the horrifying memories of violent men, snarling creatures, and guns firing, coupled with futuristic visions of being killed by Tyre or worse, or of Adam being hung up like a prized animal finally hunted down, skinned, and put on display, completely disappeared. In fact, when I woke up, a rainbow was over my window, and various woodland creatures were poking their heads into my room as James informed me that the war was over because the Old Spirits and Adam had decided that we would just have to agree to disagree.
If that does not give away that I am being utterly facetious, then there really is no hope for you.
Not an hour after I had fallen back asleep, I was moaning, crying out that I would stop, that he was hurting me, that I would cooperate... In the dream, that man, Ray, was holding me down, and my pants were off. I was crying, and my tears brought me even more shame, despite the fact that I had thought it impossible to feel any more shame than what I felt now that I was being assaulted all over again. Still more shame was to come; when I cried out for Adam and James, a voice in my head scoffed at me in derision and taunted me with insults suggesting that I was weak and incapable of defending myself without the help of a big strong man...
Ray was growing bigger. First, his hands around my wrists grew, almost as though they had been pricked by the venomous stinger of a particularly nasty breed of bee and were swelling. But Ray did not look alarmed; he never lost the hungry look of violent lust that I remembered so vividly seeing in his eyes. In Michael, I had seen remorse, even if only once or twice. In Ray, I saw none; he wanted to not only assault me for the fun of it and to relieve his sexual aggression and his desire, but also, because he wanted every last inch of my dignity. Only after he had that would he stop. He did not know that he was thinking in those terms of measurement, meaning that he was determining the amount of time he would assault me by how long it took to steal away every last part of my pride. All he knew was that once he started, he would not want to stop after one time.
His height and weight had expanded greatly; he was the size of a Reaper. Fighting him only made him snap his fanged teeth at me. It only made him angrier, and as his anger grew, so did that dangerous lust...
I knew that I was dreaming, and in the back of my mind, I chastised myself for viewing my potential rapist as a monster, when that was so utterly childish. How many times in my childhood dreams had Michael's eyes turned black, or his teeth elongated and sharpened into fangs How many times had he had bitten into me and drank my blood...
The blood of a virgin...
I remembered why I had never wanted to have sex. It was dirty. It was done by unclean people for unclean reasons. It required vulnerability and forfeit, absolute surrender. Force was part of it, even if one did not see it that way. The man forced himself in, and it was painful... Ray was hurting me... I was screaming... It felt like it had the very first time with Michael... That pain had nauseated me, and screaming so loudly, I had sworn that I would vomit... I had cried and begged, and I was crying and begging Ray...
I was awake, and this time, I was sweating, sobbing, and shaking violently in James's arms.
I cant breathe I gasped out, I cant breathe!
My body jerked away from him by its own volition. My muscles were taut and throbbing, but I was going to force them to support me so I could get out of our room and make my way to the backdoor. But because I had slept, they had locked completely, and I collapsed on the floor in a sobbing heap, every part of me stiff and painful. Not even a second after I hit the ground, James had scooped me up, and before I had even realized that he was carrying me, we were outside on our back porch. I breathed in the cold night air rapidly as newer, quicker, and more intense sobs gripped me. My entire body was convulsing from the terror that still held me in its suffocating grip.
She's fine. I've got her. I heard James saying far off in the distance, presumably to Violet and Alice, Just stay there.
He was still holding me, but my rigid legs wanted to run and my gasping lungs wanted to scream. So much adrenaline pumped through me, and it was not the motivational kind that drove us to fight like animals; this was the detrimental kind, the kind that released nothing but toxic speed into the bloodstream that would then jump-start the heart into a full blown panic attack.
Come here. Come here. James was saying gently, after I had stopped apologizing, I just sobbed hard into his chest. Then I was apologizing again, apologizing for waking him, for keeping him up, for being so hard to deal with, for keeping secrets, for being touched by another man, both against my will and voluntarily, by that man, Ray, and by Adam, respectively...
You have nothing to be sorry for. He told me firmly. Slowly, and several times, he kissed my head. Nothing, baby.
He sat us down on the settee that was on our back porch. Violet handed us a blanket through the door but did not look out; she knew that I would never want her to see me in such a state. James covered us up, and I stayed pressed so firmly against him, crying still, but able to breathe normally again.
I don't even know what to do. I always know what to do, but I don't now. I don't know how to stop thinking these things. I don't want to see those things anymore.
Shh... We're going to get you some help, baby.
No. No one can know about this! Not now, James. Not after Don asked me...
Baby... He said in a voice of gentle insistence, You've gotta see someone. And what did Don ask you?
His tone had dropped slightly. He would tell me later about the proclivities our dearly beloved leader had, as if I did not already know; Don's mind was a disgusting place, full of the vilest fantasies. I was all about doing what made one happiest; after what we had survived, we deserved our freedom to all things, so long as they did not involve harm coming to ourselves or to others. Perhaps that is idealistic. Obviously, it is. Don took that little notion of freedom and blew it up into a doctrine of perversion that many others, I am sad to report, found not only acceptable, but pleasingly agreeable.
He wants my help. He needs my help. I am sure you have heard about this.
I have, but I didn't believe that you agreed when they told me you had.
I did. It's just... I can't do it now. I'm so... I stopped, not knowing what I wanted to say. Rather, I was afraid of the many words, all accurate, that I had wanted to add. Broken? Not in the way that they had intended, the way that would make me submit to them and their tyrannical ways. But was a part of me non-functional? Was my typical self suddenly disconnected, and replaced by this over-feeling, sniveling stand-in? Most certainly.
I just want this to go away, James!
I know. I wish it was that easy, baby, but it's not. He lifted my head so I was looking at him. You have to talk to someone, and let them help you.
I'm not sick, and I'm not crazy, James!
I didn't say that you were. He replied, with more than enough calmness for the two of us, thank God or the Gods. He kissed my forehead. You're just a little... He searched for a word to which I would not take offense, stressed because of what happened.
Can't I just tell you what happened? I stopped, and shook my head, No, I don't want to do that, either. I hate that Adam saw it. But he didn't see anything, because there was nothing to see. Nothing happened. I don't know why I'm letting myself get worked up over this! Nothing happened. He didn't do it. He couldn't, because Rich got mad and stopped him. So, why am I acting this way?
What happened, baby? He pressed me gently, Whatever it was, you can tell me. I know it had to have been the Old Spirits. You said as much.
Just like with Michael, it didn't make a difference. I was murmuring to myself now, barely hearing his voice. All the hard work it took to comprehend that fear I had known at such a young age was being repeated, and I remembered clearly, painfully, why it had been so easy to become lost in those stupors. There was just too much information; there was too much to be mentally fretted over and not understood, because no matter how intelligent I was, or if I racked my brain to the point of physical exhaust, I would never be able to understand.
There is no understanding those who cause harm for pleasure. Many will say differently, but even the educated guesses are baseless. I know a thing or two about darkness, as you might have heard. But there is just no understanding past a certain shade, past the point of total black.
I want to help you, baby. He told me, and his voice had lost some of its calmness to be replaced by almost indiscernible pain, pain that he was feeling on my behalf. I can't do that unless you tell me what happened.
I looked at him, my cheeks still wet from the tears that were falling without the aid of my hysterical sobs pushing them from my eyes. I imagine I must have looked like some spectral, sobbing ghost of lore, with my skin that just would not regain the faint rosiness that had once always clung to my cheeks and lips, and the dark circles that obviously could not be erased by the pitifully scarce and tumultuous sleep I was getting.
It's not as bad as what you're thinking. It's not as bad as what I'm making it. I added very bitterly. You should not even be indulging me right now. I swiped at my eyes. I'm being ridiculous.
You mean to suggest that the hysterical crying, jumping out of bed, screaming in your sleep, trying to run outsidethats all just you being dramatic? You're just having a bad day?
Did you truly just engage me in reductio ad absurdem?
Yes, ma'am, I did. He replied, with a proud grin that I could not help but return, however slightly.  
You are growing far too clever, James Maxwell. Soon, you will surpass even me.
Nah; I'm only able to use such techniques because you're sick now. Which is why we need to get you better, Brynna Olivier. He kissed my hand, We can't have me getting too confident in my intellectual abilities, now can we, my love? My love, my love, my love
I beamed brightly, feeling my cheeks flush with warmth suddenly. His smile widened, too, as he moved towards me to kiss me quickly.
Certainly not. However, I think all I need is some time to just... I stopped and shook my head. No, all I need is to get to work. I need to have something to occupy my mind. Everything is fine. Somewhat randomly, my arm jerked over, and I squeezed his hand. I'll be fine, James. I am just tired. I'm just very, very tired.
I know you are, but you can't keep denying that something is...
I leaned over and kissed him.
I just want to move on from it. I don't want you to know, not because I think you'll look down on me or because I am afraid that you'll react badly and go after those responsible. I just don't want you to have to feel this for me, when I know that you would. I can see that now, looking at you. You're feeling this for me.
He turned to me and put both of his hands on my face. For a long time, he looked at me, before he finally replied.
Of course I feel this for you. But don't you remember what I told you? It's alright to let me carry some of it for you. That's my job, Brynna. And it's not just something that I'm supposed to do. It's something that I want to do.
And if the situation were reversed, I would want the same. I would want for you to tell me, so I could help you. I would feel pain for you. But I can't tell you now. It's not you. It's just... I dont even want to say this
Say it, baby. Just say it.
I sighed heavily and rolled my eyes, thinking that if they were pointed skyward, the tears would somehow be absorbed before they could fall. I was wrong about that, so within a second, my hands were flying up to wipe the tears that were streaming down my cheeks away.
I'm so ashamed of it, James. I blame myself, and maybe that's wrong. But it's not just the typical things, like I should have fought harder, or I should have shot them when I had the chance. It's things like, I deserved it because of Lucien, because I hadn't tried harder to save Maura, because of what I would do later with Adam... What almost happened was payment for something. It's like it was a debt that had to be paid for something. I just don't know for what...
It wasn't. Whatever it was, I know that it wasn't your fault. And it wasn't compensation for anything. Brynna, don't do that to yourself. Don't torture yourself. After everything, you don't deserve that.
It's not as bad as what I'm making it out to be. When I finally tell you, you're going to think I have blown this completely out of proportion. It is not nearly as bad as what I am making it out to be.
With one hand, I grasped his face, running my thumb over his stubble that had begun to turn into a beard. Despite all the stress of the evening, I smiled when I looked at him. After I had kissed him, I swung my legs over his lap and laid my head on his chest. Instantly, his arms wrapped around me, and he sat back, running one of his hands up and down my thigh almost absentmindedly. We were quiet, listening to the sounds of the forest at night. Once, when I looked up at him, I saw that he was observing the sky, looking puzzled. Though I knew that he would be irritated if he knew I had done it, I peeked into his mind.
Because I had alluded to things, however discreetly, he knew the whole story. Just from reading my cryptic little mutterings, he knew that the abuse I had suffered had been physical and nearly sexual. He knew that the man had not succeeded in being able to rape me but that he had come close. More importantly than him knowing all of that was the fact that he did not, in any sense, believe that I was being overly dramatic. Exactly against my wishes, he felt sympathy and regret. Thankfully, he didn't pity me, or I might have stormed away in a self-righteous huff. His regret was that he had not been there to stop it, not that he could not leave immediately to hunt down those responsible, which had been my other fear.
I looked up at him and kissed him again.
I don't know why, but I love you more right now than I ever have. And I didn't even think that was possible. I told him.
He smiled, and with his lips, he caressed my own, and with his hand, he continued to rub my thigh.
And I love you, too. It crept up on me, but here we are; it gets stronger every day.
It crept up on you? Your love for me crept up on you?
Of course it did. He grinned his mischievous smile that told me he was going to make a joke he found to be particularly clever and entertaining. I rolled my eyes and could not fight the smile that formed in response to his. 'I was in the middle before I knew I had begun.'
Pride and Prejudice! I exclaimed positively gleefully, and he laughed raucously. How did you remember that?
Funny story: First, I read it in college. I took a lot of literature classes, if you can believe it. Perhaps I knew one day I would meet you, the book maven.
Perhaps you did.
Second, while we were traveling from the city to here, a Pangaean girl was carrying a bunch of books in her book-bag. One of them was Pride and Prejudice, and while I hated it most vehemently in college...
Blasphemy!
Yes, I know. However, I picked it up begrudgingly, and actually started reading it to Penny. She likes the word 'prejudice,' but she doesn't like what it means.
Did you explain the term to her? I asked.
I did. I said that it was when people are mean to other people for silly reasons, mostly when the other people are different in some way from the first group of people. Is that a suitable elementary definition, do you think?
It most certainly is. Very good job, my love.
Well, thanks. So, I started reading it to her, and she fell asleep very quickly.
I laughed at that.
But I finished it over the three days. Mostly out of boredom, but also because I knew that when you got back, I was going to stun you with my knowledge of the book, and you were going to forgive me immediately for all that I had done. That is how I pictured it going down, ideally. Of course, I knew that it wasn't going to be that easy.
No, but it is over now, and we are moving on with our lives together. That is all that matters.
You're right.
And you have made me stop crying. I have discovered that when I cry, it is very hard to stop. But you have helped me do that, so thank you.
Do you think you'll be able to sleep now? He asked.
Probably not. Honey... I lifted my head and looked at him, You don't have to stay up with me. I'll be alright. Do you still have that copy of Pride and Prejudice?
Would I give that away before you had a chance to devour it in an hour? I think not, my love.
I giggled and planted yet another quick kiss on his lips.
Of course not. You can sleep, and I will read. It has been a disturbingly long time since I have been able to do that. Goodness, the last books I read were Tender is the Night and Sorcerers Stone, and that was back when we had first arrived at the house.
I'm not going to sleep while you're up.
If I need you, I will shake you awake.
His face contorted into a grimace that asked me who I thought I was kidding. Innocently, I smiled and began to stand up slowly, only to find my muscles locked in place.
Stretch them out slowly. James told me, and very gently, he grasped one of my legs and extended it to its full length before doing the same to the other. He squeezed my thigh, his brow furrowed in concentration, and when I jumped, startled by the pain the slight constriction of his fingers brought to my muscles, he apologized.
You're so tense, I'm surprised you even got that far when you tried to stand. Your stubbornness completely overrides everything, even feeling pain. I know you're having trouble with your neck and shoulders, but it's all the way down in your legs.
Everything hurts, but you're right; I'm too stubborn to sit still and too determined not to feel anything. Of course, it is becoming more and more difficult to ignore.
Which is why you need to sleep.
Sleep is the last thing I need. It will worsen the stiffness of my muscles if I sleep.
Then I'll give you a massage in the morning. And while I'm giving you a massage, I am going to talk you into taking one of the muscle-relaxing leaves that Dr. Terry sent home with me.
And I will not listen. 
He was helping me walk back to our room now.
Then I will withhold my massaging skills.
You will not.
I will not. You are right.
***

I was right on all accounts; the next morning, I was in so much pain that every time I moved even slightly, I sunk my teeth further down into my bottom lip. The constriction of my throat left me breathing shallowly and quickly, and at first, I was only gasping, but then, I was whimpering, and finally, I was sobbing once again. How could I not? My muscles were so stiff that I was in a state of partial paralysis. I was completely out of control of my body. The fear such a lack of control provoked in me was almost as strong as the pain.
James sent Quinn and Alice for Dr. Terry, and while we waited, he massaged my back, neck, and shoulders while I vehemently refused to use one of the leaves Dr. Terry had sent home.
You're being stubborn. He told me, more calmly than I expected him to be when I continued to defy what common sense would dictate was the appropriate action to take. If you just eat one, you'll be able to move again.
I will more than likely be completely out of my mind, as well. I hissed, It is early. Did you wake Quinn and Alice up?
No. When I went out to get your coffee, they were already up. They must have heard us talking.
They returned with Dr. Terry, who told me that not only would the tonic allow me to move freely, with no pain whatsoever, but that it had none of the unsavory mental side effects that typical muscle relaxers had, such as a free, potentially one-way pass to the land of the brain-dead.
Just three bites, Penny. James told me sarcastically. I narrowed my eyes at him and purposely took only three small bites of the leaf. My heart went suddenly from a slightly quickened rhythm to a full out rapid sprint. I felt the color drain from my face and a cold sweat drench my palms in less than a second.
Alright. James told me. Youre alright, baby. I had pulled my knees close to my chest and rested my face against them. When he sat beside me and pulled me towards him, I let go of my knees so I could hold onto him tightly. Nothings going to happen to you. Its like taking Tylenol. No mental side effects, just the pain going away.
I nodded.
You need to breathe.
Im breathing.
Yeah, barely. Holding your breath and then only taking a small breath of air through your nose doesnt count as breathing, dope.
Shut up, James. I pulled away and looked up at him. You have every right to be frustrated. Stop beating yourself up. I am a frustrating person. We all have our little problems, dont we?
He blinked at me for several seconds.
We really have got to set up boundaries with your power. I didnt want you to know that, Brynna. And no, youre not a frustrating per I frowned up at him in disbelief at his blatant lie. Alright, you are, but that doesnt matter. It doesnt bother me. Well, it only bothers me when youre stubborn about things like this.
What is the great secret that all of you are keeping from me? Behind your thoughts about how frustrating I am being and how hard it is to see me in such a state, I saw that you do not know how to tell me about it. What is it? 
It is nothing, Brynna. He replied instantly. It can be dealt with later, or I can deal with it today.
James would not tell me no matter how many threats I made, but Alice, Quinn, and Violet were keeping the same secret from me, and I intended to find out what it was before the morning was over. Of course, I could not properly divulge information from them when I was incapable of even turning my head to look at them without James's help.
The long-held secret was that Don was holding the woman and her two children captive in the cells at the far end of the village. The woman was being forced to submit to interrogations, though the severity of the violence that was being used against her was not known. A feeling told me that Don, though he was being cruel, was trying to behave himself, as he had seen the full extent of his capabilities when he had so terribly abused Maura. When she had died, he had even admitted to me how very sick he was.
But was he sick?
We knew you were going to be furious, so we decided not to tell you last night. James told me gently after I sent Violet, Quinn, and Alice back to bed; I felt terribly that I had awoken them, and as the sun was only just beginning to extend its reach from under the horizon, they could still sleep for a little longer before Penny awoke and all resting for the remainder of the day would be completely impossible; once she was awake, she was ready to play and wreak mischievous havoc on all those around her.
I am not furious, James. I am merely perturbed. Something tells me that thus far, she has not suffered too terribly much. Any level of suffering is unnecessary and certainly unwanted by me. As a result, I am going to put an abrupt end to it, and though I will fight the urge, I will more than likely fail to suppress all inclinations of physical violence towards Don. His 'sickness,' as he calls it, is beginning to truly disgust and infuriate me. You know how I am about violence towards women.
I tried to sit up abruptly only to feel my muscles give yet another emphatic shout of protest. It had been an hour and a half since I had taken those few bites of the leaf. I reached back and massaged the muscle between my shoulder blades that was screaming the loudest, and grimaced as the pressure on it only intensified the pain.
Alright, you valiant crusader of justice and righteousness, maybe we should get you one of those hot massage rocks or a slumber root? Or maybe, I don't know, you could just eat the rest of the leaf!
A slumber root? Why on Pangaea would I want a slumber root?
He had shoved a handful of dried fruit into his mouth, and he made a face as he chewed it up quickly.
Because you don't necessarily have to slumber, dope! He said in a tone that suggested I was willingly blinding myself because I did not want to take anything at all. He was right to assume that, as he very well knew, and I smiled innocently at him and reached my hands out so he could grab them and pull me into a sitting position.
You're on your way to an epic battle. I can't stop you with my Socratic reasoning and logic, can I? He asked, and I looked up at him with a very telling expression of my own. I should have guessed that. Fine. I will join you on your quest.
Oh, will you? I asked, and I kissed him. Good, because I might need someone to carry me back.
Are you suggesting that my accompaniment on this brave deed is merely to be used as a mule after it is completed?
After I had set my feet on the floor and stood up, I looked over my shoulder and grinned as I walked slowly away, but said nothing. His hysterical laughter provoked the same in me, and when he rushed to meet me, I yelped in surprise and glee when he swept me up off of my feet and instantly pressed his lips to mine for a hilariously over-exaggerated, highly dramatic kiss.
Smooth move! I exclaimed through another fit of giggles after he had pulled away from me. I gasped suddenly, and shushed him as he shushed me at the same time. We both looked at Penny's door and allowed our hearing to enhance; she was still breathing with the steady, slow inhales and exhales of sleep. We both grinned again, and I rested my forehead against his as he carried me out into the living room where Violet, Alice, and now Quinn were fast asleep with a pack of cards strewn on the table and pieces of dried fruit and random vegetables in the center.
Two things... James said.
And they are?
One, should we be disturbed that there appears to be one outfit of a gambling ring in our living room, and also that the gamblers in this gambling ring are eighteen? Do you think that they are on a dangerous path that will lead to drugs, prostitutes, and teenage pregnancy?
I laughed in response to that, until I realized that he really was mildly concerned.
James... I tilted my head on the side and frowned, They are betting cabbage, for the sake of all deities and Gods. I do not think that they will be breaking kneecaps over vegetables, however scarce they may be.
You're probably right. But if I see Violet carrying around a blunt weapon...
We will promptly take it away, and send her to her room first, and a counseling session with Dr. Welles second.
Sounds like a plan. Second, why are you shushing me? I didn't make any noise.
We got outside, and he put me down gently.
You picked me up and made me laugh loudly. My exclamation was the fault of you and your crazed games.
One of his loud outbursts of laughter sounded again, and once again, my laughter followed.
It was also the result of your ridiculous laugh! You always do the same laugh when I do something that is very highly amusing. And every time you do it, you make me laugh, too! If Penny would have woken up, it would have been all your fault.
You're probably right about all of those things. And that ridiculous laugh is reserved only for you, just so you are aware. Well, you and Penny. Like when she kicked the soccer ball into Quinn's face and then into Elijah's nuts, or when she told me that I wasn't allowed to 'be your best friend' until I admitted that Dora was better than Diego.
This is what you two were discussing while I was gone? I asked with a wide smile on my face and a swelling of love for them both in my heart. And did you recant your assertion that Diego is better than Dora?
He looked at me, brows furrowed and with a jocular frown.
Of course not!
So, Penny does not approve of our relationship?
That's the other funny part of the story. She looked up at me, sighed heavily, rolled her eyes, and shook her head, and do you know what she said?
I do not, but I can only imagine.
She said, 'Well, James, I suppose we will just have 'to agree to disagree,' as they say.'
She did not!
Oh, yes she did. And do you know what I did?
I do not, but I can only imagine. I repeated as I covered my mouth to stifle the sound of my own laughter.
I laughed ridiculously, as you say.
Of course you did! That is hilarious! Oh, God or Gods... I wiped at the tears in my eyes that the hilarity of it all had provoked. That made me forget how much pain I am in.
Well, I am glad that my stories told in my deep, manly voice, and my brilliant sense of humor are so potently hypnotic that they were able to soothe your pain.
I grasped his hand in both of mine and stood on my tiptoes to kiss his cheek. The gesture was a sudden and very necessary showing of gratitude for all he done while I was gone. I had yet to thank him for taking care of Violet and Penny and for guiding them to safety. In my heart, I knew every condolence and reassurance he had given them, and every joke or ridiculous statement he had used to distract them. I could feel his valiance to protect not only them, but that woman's children, as well. I could feel his determination to see them all arrive at the forest village in one piece, with as little physical and emotional scarring as was possible for him to fight off.
I should have said this a million times by now... I started.
He turned his head and leaned in to kiss me slowly, stopping us in mid-stride so he could turn me towards him. My hands ran up his back and grasped onto his shoulders as my lips moved in perfect synchrony with his. The forest was quiet and the air was perfectly chilled; I feared nothing and thought nothing, and that emptiness was, as always, truly blissful, however short-lived it might have been. When he pulled away from me and put his hands on my face, I could not help but to smile slightly up at him; in the darkness of the morning, lit only by the still glowing torches that lined the path, he was, as always, simply the most attractive man I had ever seen. His eyes were alight with that gently crackling fire of the torches, and the shadows of his face were not harsh or frightening, as they were when he was angry; in fact, with that lighting, it is almost silly to say, he looked like a chiseled statue of a Greek god.
Given how very tired I was, and how terribly my body still ached, I probably looked like the female version of Hephaestus, the deformed son of the Greek god king and queen, Zeus and Hera. The way my body was half crouched over and the way my face was slightly swollen from the many beatings I had taken, I was far more reminiscent of him than any of the beautiful goddesses I sometimes wished I looked like.
I am sorry I never said... I started to say quickly to distract myself from those thoughts.
Shh He kissed me quickly, You don't have to say anything. Keeping them safe is my job. It's something I am supposed to do for both them and you. Of course, it's not only a job. He shook his head slightly, You understand what I'm trying to say.
I do, and if you won't let me thank you, then I will just say that I love you. I love you so much that I can't even find words for it, James.
He smiled, and kissed me again.
I love you just as much, beautiful. A grin pulled at the corners of his mouth, and I sighed in joking exasperation, awaiting what he was going to say. And the words are 'insanely, passionately, until my dying breath, you are stronger than Thor and your abs are more chiseled than Superman's...
Alright, you have crossed over the border from possibly true to utterly ridiculous; no one's abs are more chiseled than Superman's, and no one is stronger than the Norse God of Thunder!
Perhaps not, but you could also say that I have the biggest...
Oh, God, I know where this is headed!
Muscles. I was going to say muscles. Look whose mind has taken a tumble down into the gutter.
You are an idiot. I kissed his cheek again.
I am, so opposites really do attract, don't they?
Oh, what a lovely compliment. I said with a smile, And you said something humble! I am so proud of you. But you are not really an idiot. You were an engineer. You built a spacecraft that traveled a mind-boggling number of miles without running out of fuel or breaking apart or plummeting out of the air.
I helped!
More humble sentiments! My stars, you are full of surprises, James Maxw
The torrent of images that flooded my mind erased all lighthearted jesting and deeply feeling professions of love and appreciation from my mind. I doubled over, grasping my forehead as though my touch would somehow heal the searing pain of seeing such disconcerting things without warning. In the distance, James's voice was echoing towards me down a long, dark tunnel, asking me somewhat frantically if I was alright. Through all of the images, I could still feel his arms around me and was vaguely aware that the only reason I was still standing was because of him.
The woman's breaths were hitching in her throat, and she was looking up at Don, who wore an expression of that most contemptible lust that I had been so unfortunate to see at a very young age. Use of repetitive, brutal force was enough to inflict deep wounds on her and to leave her blood flowing freely down her porcelain-white skin. The lens of my mind amplified this color contrast to a startling precision that nearly stole my breath: the harshly fiery reds of her blood tainted her pale skin that nothing, not even age or the illness she had nearly succumbed to in the mountains, could taint before. As my mind's eye focused, the dark blues and purples became visible, and quite jarringly, I saw parts of her bruises that had given way to black. Her mind screamed that she did not want to beg him to stop, that she wanted to remain firm and defiant, spitting her blood at him and spewing insults and threats as she had been doing for three days, but her heart was breaking as fear for her children tightened its smothering hold. Through all of that, I saw no fear for herself. The face of Paul was there at the forefront of her mind, intermixed with the faces of those children for whom she so feared. Seeing him in perfect clarity sent another wave of pain, as precise and searing as a lightning bolt, through my head and down my spine. I did not ask myself why she would be picturing him, as I already knew from the way a surge of comfort took hold of her heart that she had romantic feelings for him.
How could anyone feel such things towards him? How could anyone love such an evil man? This woman did not deserve my help or even my pity if she could love him.
Mr. Abba...
Addressing him formally was meant to soften his rage and to provoke sympathy. Despite feeling nothing but the deepest ire for him, she forced herself, in a show of conniving wisdom I could not help but admire, to show him respect. When her large brown eyes looked up at him, she forced herself to look as pitiful as possible, even though it sickened her. The tears were not fake, but the crackling and subsequent break of her voice was.
Mr. Abba, I'll say whatever you need me to say. If you just let me take my children to him...
Your children have seen too much. He told her coldly. Your daughter is old enough to remember all of this, and she can carry back to him where we are now. Do you really think I'm willing to risk the lives of everyone I am responsible for because you're looking up at me like that? Also, do you really think that I am so stupid?
I'll come back. They have nothing to do with this. But I'll stay with you, and I won't try to run away... Please. Their father is gone, and Paul promised he'd take care of them if something happened to both of us! He said he would make sure they...
You think that I'm stupid enough to hand your kids over to them, or that I believe he's this gentle, loving soul that makes promises to needy widows after their husbands have been killed? Don laughed raucously. Come on, Savannah! Who do you think you're talking to?! Do you think I believe that? Also, do you think that I believe this little act of yours? I can see into your heart!
A harsh surge of fear struck her heart as suddenly and painfully as the wave of pain through my head.
You're afraid not only of me and what I'm going to do to you, but of messing something up.
We need to live here. We can't survive out there on our own. I can't hunt. I can't find water. I don't know how. My children will die. I need for you to let me stay so I...
No, he put you up to this. You're afraid of being found out and screwing up his plans! He thought those kids would make your little story believable. Now I'm trying to decide whether you went along with his plan knowing all of that, or if you're just some pathetically dumb, piously devoted follower who doesn't know any better. Would you care to enlighten me, sweetheart?
Ticking. Her anger was literally ticking inside of her as he taunted and insulted her. As the release of her children became nothing more than a wish, the ticking intensified to a deafening, unified sound in her mind before exploding out of her.
Let them go! She screamed, so loudly that her voice cracked under the strain. Her body thrust itself forward, and the ropes around her wrists tightened and dug further into the bloody scratches that had been etching there over her hours of struggling to free herself. You son of a bitch! Let them go!
It was not his hand that cut off her infuriated shouts; it was his mouth. A cold sweat broke over me, and I threw myself upwards so I was standing on my feet again. While ignoring James's frantic questions behind me, I walked forward speedily, running my fingers through my hair with a violently trembling hand. I was not in the room with her, and yet I had been able to see what was happening to her. This was all because in the back of her mind, I had heard a droning sound, knowing that it was a repetitive phrase that she could not bring herself to say.
The girl who saved us.
She had been calling out to me for help, and my subconscious mind had picked up the phone, so to speak. In order for me to fully comprehend the message, my subconscious had to shut out the conscious part that was constantly fighting the subliminal thoughts of others. The latter of the two had to restart and reengage with reality so I could stop the inevitable consequence of Don's internally roaring, monstrous lust and fury.
I had not realized how quickly I was moving until I had burst through the door of the prison building that I had found by pure chance. The many cells of that building were empty, so her deafening screams for help echoed to meet me at a volume even louder than they actually were. My legs moved one in front of the other at the impossibly speedy pace the creature inside of me was capable of reaching, and within a millisecond, I was in the room with them. Within another millisecond, I was turning away upon viewing the sight of her pinned down on the table by his meaty hands.
Brynna! Don jumped off of her, and immediately, she kicked her bound feet at him. With ease, he dodged and held them down to the table firmly. You're back!
His eyes, the size of which I normally found comical, were widened to their farthest reaches, and his mouth was opening and closing even when no words could be found to express his genuine surprise. As he had once caught James and me in the act of intimacy (which was completely normal by comparison, despite the natural surroundings and the fact that we had allowed ourselves to succumb to our desire while we were trekking off to war), I was catching him in the beginning stages of a disgusting perversion with a woman who might not have been on our side, but who was a human being and therefore did not deserve to be violated so terribly.
You're her. The woman looked at me, and tears fell even more freely from her eyes. You're the one who helped us. Her voice dropped to a tremulous whisper when his burning look of rage fell onto her. Please make him stop.
When I had taken the post as Don's second-in-command, I had vowed to offset his sickening ways. He had asked me to help him behave himself, to put it lightly. Calling it sickness had been questionable, but it was certainly sickening, what he felt possessed to do. Still, I was becoming infected by his laws, one of which stated clearly that judgment was reserved for our own individual versions of God, and though I did sympathize for the woman he had already harmed terribly, I would not kill him for trying to do what I felt was the second-most reprehensible crime.
Now, my allowing him to keep his life and my reluctance to judge him should not suggest that I approved of what he was doing. Deep down, I acknowledged my rage that he could harm someone so senselessly and cruelly. And of course, I was not going to allow that to happen to her; even if I did not like her or her choice of romantic interest; even if I hated her down to the most basic foundation of her soul, I could not knowingly allow her to be assaulted.
Let her up.
My eyes stayed locked on his, but I was so disgusted with him that my voice was only able to rise to a forceful whisper. When he opened his mouth to argue, I slammed my fist down on the table beside her, causing them both to jump.
I'm sorry. He whispered to me, and I doubted that she had heard, but I certainly had.
Sit up. I said somewhat abruptly to the woman. My eyes moved back to his to avoid seeing that her shirt was ripped down the front. Sit up!
The movement was the desperate will of her body, I knew. Her mind was still too petrified to control the way her body reacted to my words.
I know she's dangerous. Don had raised his voice so she could hear. She wants me to let her children go back to Paul. You remember him, don't you?
Not particularly. I shot back at him, the lie so obvious that the woman looked to me hopefully, as though I might spill the details of my last time seeing Paul, and in those spilled details, I might mention if he had said that he was coming to her aid. They are all a blur of lunacy brought about by senseless piousness, Don, and in that blur, no one face is readily discernible. You know that. I have made that clear to you in the past. You say she is dangerous? Give me a knife.
Brynna...
Don, you have already angered me substantially by going to this extreme! You said that you would make an effort...
I said I needed your help...
Give me the knife. 
Oh, God... oh, God... The woman cried, and her shaking body bent over so her chest was rested against her legs. Please don't.
With my eyes on Don's still, I cut through the ropes around her wrists. The moment they were free, she wrapped her arms around her front, and I began to realize that she was trying to bring her sobs under control. Even though she was still in the presence of the man who had almost assaulted her in the most brutal way, she was trying to regain her composure.
What's going on? James came bursting through the door, huffing and puffing. God, I'm getting old... Gotta get back in shape to keep up with you, baby. He stopped and breathed for a second.
Come on. I told the woman, still in a tone that was practically on par with the bark of a drill sergeant except that the volume was drastically lower. Let's go.
Brynna, she's not leaving here. She and her kids aren't living with us like they're part of our numbers. They're from up north, and she's in league with Paul! They have something worked out between them...
Paul tried to help us when Mary and Rich made us leave. The woman implored him to believe her. He said he would help us find a place to settle in. I told you that. He said he'd help us! Please, thats all!
Alright. I said, Come on. We will find you a place to stay.
Can you walk, sweetheart? James asked her gently, and she nodded but let him put her arm around his neck so he could walk her along. You're alright. It's okay, honey.
Just take her outside and let her get some air while I talk to him. I said to James, who nodded and lead her towards the door of the room.
Ellie and Oliver... She started to say, My children...
I will get them on the way out. I told her, and she nodded before reaching out her hand to grasp my own. The sudden contact between us startled me, and looking into her tearing eyes left me feeling shaken and surprisingly despondent. When James finally escorted her from the room, I was relieved.
Brynna, I'm putting my foot down. It's not happening. Don told me angrily. I'm willing to let you have a say in how she and her children are treated...
I am taking full control over the prisoners we are unfortunate enough to acquire, Don. I walked over to the corner of the room where a wooden carved jug was placed on a table and surrounded by small glass cups. I did not care what it was; I poured myself a glass and took a drink to discover that it was some unknown yet very potent alcohol.
I thought that would make her talk. It didn't. Just made her sick. He said with almost a hint of genuine shame in his voice. I got carried away. The guys went home for the night, and they've been keeping me on the right path while you were gone. I went home for a while, too. We thought being alone might make her want to talk, also. But I couldn't stop thinking about her, Brynna. I couldn't, so I came back, and I told myself we were just going to talk...
Silence ensued between us as I took another slow drink from the glass.
I meant everything I said to you before the city burned. I really value your opinion now. I need you.
What began your sudden appreciation of my points of view?
It was when you stood up to me, actually. You might not admit this, but I could sense that a part of you was frightened, however slightly. You weren't afraid of me; you were afraid of what I might do to those who couldn't defend themselves. I was wrong to suggest that we leave people behind. I've been harping on this 'everyone must have a duty' thing for too long. Well, I still believe in that, but I made a jackass move, and believe me, I've fallen out of favor. To not put too fine a point on it, I will say that part of my decision to ask you to help me out with leading these people is that they all really like you.
That is quite shocking, if I am going to be modest. If I am going to be conceited and state truly how I really feel on the matter, I will say that they like me because I defended them. I value them all individually. I focus on the parts, not the sum of them all. Besides all of that, I do not promote an atmosphere where rape and murder are shrugged off as easily as changes in the weather. Don, what are you doing?! I turned around and looked at him with what I hoped was a very minimal showing of the deep disgust I felt towards him. I have done you a major kindness by allowing you to keep your life after you cruelly and brutally took Maura's. You are lucky I did not kill you when you murdered the woman who took care of me from infancy to age ten, and a little more after that, as well. If it weren't for the deterioration of mine and Maura's relationship, I would have snapped you right in half with my hands; not James's, not Elijah's... my own. Given the emotional investment, I would have inflicted such terrible pain on you. But you are here, and I do not want your gratitude for that... I held up my hand to stop him from speaking, I just want you to be aware that I gave you your life. I let you keep it, rather.
When I knew that she was going to die, I was afraid that you would kill me.
Of course you were, and I thought about it, believe me. But luckily for you, Maura did not want me taking up arms on her behalf. She did not want me staging a coup and possibly losing my life in the process. Now, I took this position with you for no other reason than that your behavior concerns me and your decisions irritate me at the least, and at the most, they infuriate me. As I have been establishing rapports and relationships with each member of our group, and you know that there are many, I can say that I know what they want, of what they are afraid, and how they see things going if we continue to live under only your rule. The last two of those three things are synonymous, just so you are aware.
I know. I screwed up, Brynn. I've let my... His hand made a frantic circular motion in front of his chest, I've let my demons, we'll say, get the better of me. On Earth, I never hurt anyone, even though I thought about it all the time. Now that I'm here, and there's no law except my own, I've let it rule my life, and I need you to help me keep it in check. That's why I'm glad that you're here now, and you're saying all that you're saying. I mean, I'm pissed because I couldn't do what I wanted, and I'll admit that to you. But I like to say that that's just the demon talking.
You sound like a Bachum when you say that. Do not say things like that. I will allow you to call it your sickness even though I am unsure that that is an accurate description. Don, just start trying to control it. If you feel the need... I had to suppress an eye roll, ...come and see me, and I will talk you through it, though please do not tell James that I said that. He will think it is both stupid and reckless, and if he had any inkling that you were in that type of mood, he would rip out your heart on sight.
Yes. He is very fond of you. He was the first one out of your friends and family to say he was coming after you.
Yes. He is fiercely protective of me, and I am fiercely protective of myself, and I would like you to keep that in mind.
I would never hurt you, Brynna. You are far too young, for one thing, and for another, I respect you far too much.
The issue of respect and the effects it had on choosing viable candidates for his assaults were a mental debate for another time.
Leave the issue of this woman up to me. I will take full responsibility for her and her children, as I am the one who found them and offered to take them in. Adam will put me in contact with the leader of this village by midday today, if he is feeling up to speaking...
Adam came back with you?! Don followed me out into the hallway, practically jogging along in my wake. Is he alright? God, I thought I lost you both, and you're two of my only assets.
You have many assets, Don. All of the people in this camp are your assets. Now... I turned back to him, I want you to stay away from her and her children.
I don't like this, Brynna. I think you're making a big mistake. I don't want to consign control over this particular situation to you, and as the actual leader here, I don't think that I should have to if I am this staunchly opposed to doing it.
Do you want my help or not? I asked, and he was silent. Exactly. Now, where are her children?
James had argued on behalf of both the woman and her children, but had only won for the latter. They were staying with Rachel, whom I was sure was taking excellent care of them. When we got outside, James and the woman were sitting down on the stone wall just outside of the building. Her head was rested under his, and she was hiccupping every couple of seconds as new sobs took hold of her.
Alright; they are staying with a dear friend of mine, and I know that they are being taken care of. In fact, they have probably been fed enough food that their body weights have doubled. As a result of their full stomachs, they are more than likely blissfully asleep. As we still have an hour until daylight, I would suggest that you allow us to escort you to the infirmary building, where they will patch up your injuries and give you something for the pain.
Brynn... James looked up at me, I know it's hard, but you have to try for a little humanity, baby.
What in God's or the Gods' names are you talking about? I hissed furiously, That is a very humane course of action. I am concerned for not only her physical health that guarantees her continued existence, but also her comfort. What more do you want from me?
No. It's alright. The woman stood up, I understand. I appreciate what you've done for me so much...
She trailed off, and by the way her voice rose in inflection at the end, I gathered that she was asking me a question. My brows crinkled together as I tried to recall the last sentence she had spoken verbatim, and after I had with ease, I searched for any typical question words.
She's Brynna. James answered for me, And yes, she is very strange.
He's James. I said instantly, And yes, he is very simple. And annoying. Yes, we are dating, and yes, that is strange. But it is what it is, to use an irritating tautology. Shall we go?
I'm fine. I just need to see my children. I don't need to see a doctor. I'm just... I'm very tired, and I'm a little sore, but... The tears took hold of her again, and she flinched visibly when Don exited the building behind me. He stopped to say something to her, but she had latched onto my neck and squeezed her eyes shut, much to my dismay.
Goodnight, Don. I shot at him, hoping he would then walk away so the woman would let go of me.
Is Adam in the hospital?
Yes. Goodnight, Don.
It's morning.
Don, go away! I screamed finally. Knowing that he had sauntered off in the direction of the infirmary did not bring me any comfort, but it certainly calmed the woman down. She took me at my word that her children were well taken care of, and allowed James and me to lead her to the hospital despite Don's presence there.
He will be in another room. You will not even see him. I told her with as much warmth in my voice as I could muster which, if you know me by now, you know was not very much.
Apparently, while I was gone, they had set up rotating shifts in the village hospital; two of our doctors and two of Pangaea's were there when we arrived. They greeted us warmly, and one of ours and one of theirs, a woman and a man, respectively, stood up to take the woman from us.
We will wait outside. I told her, and still, I was struggling to summon forth the kindness needed to speak civilly.
Upon hearing that we would be leaving her, she startled visibly. Then, she reached out and grabbed my hand in both of hers.
Please stay with me. She whispered softly, and my gaze snapped rapidly between every inanimate object in the room to avoid looking into her eyes, which I knew would be filled with tears and pleading. My stomach rolled over dangerously, and even the pains throughout my back and shoulders intensified in sheer resistance to the idea of being stuck alone in a room with this woman who may or may not have been an enemy, but more importantly, would require my emotional support. I looked back at James finally, and as I expected, the infuriating so-and-so only nodded, and told me quietly with his eyes that I should accompany this woman to her treatment. I looked back at her, but not into her eyes; I assessed the damage done to her physically to discover that her injuries were not terribly severe, which meant that her medical care would not take long, which meant that I would be in and out of the situation before it could reach a level of discomfort that would surely steal my body's ability to suppress bile.
Yes. I said vaguely, and as we went into the room, I scowled darkly at James over my shoulder. His face that had been so passive a moment earlier transformed to an overly exaggerated scowl that was meant to mock my own. I narrowed my eyes, feeling my lips push outward to form what Violet would call a kissing-face (which she made often in pictures that were later posted on her internet social site) and Penny would call the fish-face. In my case, I was simply trying very hard not to laugh, which he gathered immediately.
I love you. He said in a very deep voice, Even when you're miffed at me.
I made sure the door was closed before I laughed, knowing that he could not hear me.
I heard that. He said in the same deep voice.
Finally, I did laugh out loud, before walking down the long, dimly lit hallway in search of the woman and the two doctors. When I found them, they all looked at me, and I immediately erased the smile from my face. I realized that they had been waiting for me to arrive.
Sorry.
No problem. Our doctor said, but the Pangaean one looked quite irritated. My snippy tendencies took hold of me instantly, and I wanted very much to snap at him, to demand an explanation for his attitude, but instead, I walked over to stand beside the woman, feeling as though I were acting in some poorly conceived stage production in which I played the role of a concerned daughter comforting her mother while they awaited a terrible diagnosis. Why it was that particular scenario that my mind leaped to first, I do not know; the woman's injuries were not deadly, and she looked nothing like me, nor did I feel any of the varying levels of attachment that a child can feel towards a parent.
The second the Pangaean doctor touched her, she jumped sideways and held onto my hand again.
Yes. I am very frightening. He said, in a tone that reminded me so much of Adam that I had to look twice to make sure that they were not one in the same. This side consists of all the darkness-loving boogeymen, does it not?
He was checking her pulse, and she was cringing at just that slight touch.
What they told you about us is not true. I told her suddenly, more to release the tension in the room than to put her mind at ease. We do not worship idols, or dance naked under the full moon... I trailed off, Well, only some of us do that. We do not sacrifice camouflaging deer, or have wild sex parties... I stopped again. Only some of us do that, too.
There is no use explaining, Reinepremier. He told me, This one has her heart made up.
The woman shook her head and looked between the three of us.
That's not true. She said timidly, They made us leave. My husband, my children, and I... We weren't allowed to stay there anymore because we didn't want to fight.
How many others were there? I asked her before the other two could get a word in.
A lot. She answered, and her voice broke, They were all living in one of the caves a couple miles or so from where Mary and Rich were. It's not right what they did to us... Tears began to fall from her eyes, There were so many people who died. Children died up there.
In this cave? I asked, and after our doctor had handed her a bag of ice, and the Pangaean doctor had left some leaves, I nodded to tell them that it was alright to give us time alone to talk.
Yes. She answered.
Why did you leave there?
My husband died, and I knew that it was only a matter of time before we died, too. Every night we went to sleep, and in the morning, at least five of us didn't wake up.
There must have been a lot of people in this cave if you were losing five a day and there were still people of which you can speak now.
I don't know if there are still people there. I took Ellie and Oliver, and we tried to hike down the mountain. It was colder than when we came up, and we didn't have our bags, so we didn't have warm clothes to wear. I didn't let them take anything because I thought that it would slow us down, and Ellie insisted that we needed the bags, but I refused. She was right.
Perhaps. No one else thought it would be prudent to hike down the mountain?
We were really high up, and people were afraid that the snow and ice would make it too difficult. They were right, too. It took only a day before it was too cold to keep going, and before the way down became too dangerous. I had given them my jacket, and I got too cold. My eyes started getting blurry, and then I couldnt see anything at all, and if it werent for the fact that I had pulled my shirt up to cover my nose, I would have lost it, I know. I think I had frostbite on my fingers, but its gone now. That man gave me something, and it healed. Elixir She looked up at me, and I nodded.
Yes. It heals all ailments. That is why it is hard to find. If we had a never-ending supply, we would never die.
 If you hadn't found us, Brynna, we'd be dead. She said, somewhat randomly.
Your daughter was out looking for help. She knew that we weren't with the Bachums just by instinct. That is a good sign. I added, also quite randomly.
Why?
Because it shows that some semblance of the evolution has taken hold of her, which will put you in favor with Don.
I don't want to be in favor with him. She whispered.
Believe me when I say that you do. If you all are normal, and we are all mutated freaks, he is not going to let you stay. You have no chance of surviving out in the woods; forget the weather, and think about the creatures that you have never seen and about which you know nothing. There are far worse things out there than what we could possibly have encountered on Earth, and I highly recommend that you keep that in mind if you decide that running off is a safer option for you and your children.
I don't want to run off. But I don't want to have to see him, either.
Are you telling me that the safety of your children and yourself, that your lives, are not worth trying to make it work here?
Of course I'm not saying that! She said, and her tears flared up again. I'm... She looked away from me, I'm afraid of him. His eyes... when he was hurting me...
Yes. They turned white, I am sure.
No. She looked back at me, shaking her head. It wasn't that. I just... I knew that he wanted to, do you know what I'm saying?
Unfortunately, I understood her completely, and was as sickened by that as she was, except I was not surprised.
I told him so many times that I didn't know anything... I tried to reason with him, too. I said that if I was a spy, I wouldn't have Ellie and Oliver with me, but he just thought that they were a cover-up. Even when I was begging to know if they were alright, and begging him to let them go... He even said that they probably weren't even my children. My husband is gone, and I'm all they have left, and I have done a terrible job protecting them thus far, and I hope they're angry with me...
I sincerely doubt that Oliver is angry, as he is very young and probably does not understand. And Ellie was adamant that we get you help. She begged me to do anything in my power to save you. If any blame will fall on anyone for all that has occurred, it will be on me, as I was not here to prevent Don from taking you in for questioning.
It's not your fault.
I looked up at her with nothing but the most potent bewilderment.
Of course it is not my fault! I was otherwise engaged for the past three days, or else this would not have happened. Don is like a stubborn child, albeit one with very sick interests; he just needs a firm hand. That is where I come in, and if I had been here, I would not have allowed him to hurt you the way he has hurt you. His history in that area is sordid, to say the least. He has questionable intentions with every woman with whom he comes in contact.
So, why is he allowed to lead all of you?
Because he rebuilt their lives from the ground up, long before I even arrived. He gave them stability and community and a purpose. We are all held together by those things, even now. There were hiccups in all three, but they righted themselves. Despite his faults, he has jump-started the second life of every person who chose to follow him and not your leaders.
On the last word, my voice dropped into mildly derisive sarcasm, a tonal shift that was not lost on her. She smiled ever so slightly, and I sensed that suddenly, I had her pity. You can imagine my indignant fury.
So, he is like your God? She asked me, and it sounded as though she were speaking to a child about his or her imaginary friends, when the child was twelve and should have let go of such things years earlier.
No. He is like our leader. I replied in the same voice. What else could I do?
That's just what Mary and Rich said. She covered quickly, one hand compulsively pushing her long black hair behind her ear. They said that you all look to him as your God.
I studied her, feeling another wave of irritation rise up to an ominous height.  
We all have our own gods, but he is not one of them. Contrary to what Mary and Rich have drilled into your ears and mind, freedom to have a God or not have one was guaranteed to us on Earth, in all free countries. God or Gods, I did not think I would be having a debate after the world ended about the importance of separating church and state.
I don't argue with that. I'm not debating the importance of that with you. She insisted somewhat frantically. She was afraid that if she angered me too much, I would force her to leave, even though she was not sure whether she wanted to stay in the first place. I'm just telling you that I don't think someone so terrible should be leading innocent people.
And it is like I said: Despite what he has done, and despite his extra-curricular interests, he is a strong leader who, besides a few missteps, has always put the interest of the group above his own. Without him, we would not have survived.
To be saying all of that out loud was no longer difficult, as I had finally realized that all of those things were true. Don's decisions were sometimes reckless, and just once, I sincerely thought that he had lost his way (when he had suggested that all those who could not fight did not serve a purpose and were therefore no longer his concern), but now that I was aiding him, I could not hold him accountable for the rockier patches of his rule, as I knew they would not repeat. I certainly was not in the frightfully large group that thought his appointment as leader was on par with the second-coming of Christ, but I did appreciate all he had done. While out in the woods, struggling to survive, I had had plenty of time to think, and one of the thoughts that I had allowed to settle into comfort within my mind was that Don was a strong leader, who deserved respect for only that. As a human being, he was flawed and dangerous, but those were times of war, when those two traits were not only hard to care about, but easy to look at as being convenient in the long run.
Will he hurt my children? Will he try to hurt me again?
No. I will ensure that he keeps his distance.
He will listen to you?
If not to me, then to his boss.
That's Adam?
Adam is his boss, yes. What, dare I ask, have you heard about Adam?
Only that he is very, very dangerous, and that he is probably the worst man ever to be born, worse than Satan, as per Rich.
Interesting. I will let him know all of those things, and he will be most entertained. God, his ego, which, let me tell you, is already gargantuan, will stretch to the Earth and back now. Oh, he will be entertained. Delighted, also, I am sure. I found myself grinning as I pictured the glint of malicious amusement that would be glowing in Adam's eyes when I told him what she had just said. Within a fraction of a second, though, I forced the passive look of nonchalance to reappear back on my face.
Brynna? She said, and I looked at her, despite wanting nothing more than to run away, for I knew that some emotional admittance was coming my way...
Yes?
Her hand rested on my face, and I winced at her touch.
It's alright. She assured me gently, and I was insulted that she believed I was afraid of her. I opened my mouth to quickly swat down that belief, but she interrupted me. Thank you.
It is not a problem. I peeled her hand from my face and stood up. Nor is it a big deal, as they say. Come along. I scooped the leaves that had been left for her into a cup and handed them to her. Let's go get your children. I stopped, realizing that I had left something out of the conversational equation long ago, which would suffice for why it was over, and I still could not find a point where it had begun to flow with even a semblance of normalcy. What is your name?
Savannah. She answered, Savannah Mack.
I had known that, but I had wanted to hear it from her. I figured since she had found out my name through formality, I would find out her own the same way.
Alright, then. I nodded, Now I know.
And you are Brynna Olivier, aren't you?
Do you know of any other Brynna's who survived? I have always wanted to meet one.
That was a fun avoidance of the question. She told me with a slight laugh as she wiped at her eyes.
Are you a therapist?
I am, or I was.
Oh, so you are an educated woman, with at least a PhD, I presume. We were leaving the room. May I ask why you chose to follow the Bachums?
She smiled slightly, and said in a tone that was slightly teasing:
Are you suggesting that one can't be educated and religious?
Are you playing psychological mind games with me in an effort to understand the quirks of my personality?
I am, indeed.
I know you are. I asked that question to answer yours. Think about it.
She laughed softly at that, and I couldn't decide if she thought I was kidding. I wondered briefly if I should clarify for her that I was not, that I could not have been more serious, but thought better of it. I was tired, and wanted to check on Adam before heading out to find her a place to stay.
You're clever. She told me.
I am, and I have been for a very long time. In response to your question, I will say that while one can certainly be educated and religious, an educated woman cannot coexist with religious zealots who believe the place of that woman is in the kitchen or on her back.
Yes. It was salty. But I did not want Savannah to get the wrong idea, thinking that I was supportive in any way of the place from which she had been exiled. Perhaps it was her association and continued pining for Paul, Tyre's true right-hand man, but something told me that her ties were not completely severed to the place. The bond between herself and the people there remained. I could not help but wonder if her dedication to their cause was still alive, at the very least. A part of me even wondered briefly, after listening to her hesitations about accepting Don as leader (however warranted they might have been), that she might have been a spy, sent to learn our location so she could report back to her leaders. Tyre and Rich would have loved nothing more than to finish what they had started, and the bottom line was, they had left many alive. Their quarrel was not with only Adam anymore; it was with whoever had been so foolish as to choose the opposing side. In Rich's view, at least, choosing to live under Don's laws was tantamount to breaking every commandment handed down by God. We were children of darkness. We were not worthy of our eternal lives.
May I ask you something?
Absolutely. She replied.
Did Rich, Paul, and Tyre mention the little hiccup in their faithful plan? I stopped, shook my head slightly, and tried again. Let me offer a little context and then rephrase that: Dying is the way that religious people return to their Creator, correct?
I suppose so. But really, Brynna, I'm not the authority in this matter. I barely believe in...
And if that is how they return to their Creator, then it is a sacred, necessary journey. One cannot be sacred without it.
If you say so. She told me gently. This is a strange conversation to be having at a time...
So, did they tell you that we are all immortal?
Her skin went pale. Her brown eyes widened, and her hands flew up to move her hair away from her face once again.
I try not to think about that. She whispered, and her eyes stayed glued to the floor. With a pang in my chest of the terror provoked in me by awkwardness, I saw that two tears had streamed down her face, which she promptly wiped away.
You want to die? See, I was right. It is a hiccup in the plan of the faithful, which is how I meant to phrase that statement the first time.
No, it's not that.
It is not what? I am surprised you followed along.
She furrowed her brows at me, trying to decipher if I was insulting her, which I was, for no other reason than that I was tired of our conversation and uncomfortable with all that had occurred. A forty-something year old woman who appeared to be strong-willed and dedicated to her children reminded me of another, and that particular woman's face had finally blotted out of my mind completely. Although I sometimes missed seeing my mother's beautiful, barely-aged face, I knew that it was for the best that I did not remember. The guilt had given way to numbness, and that numbness was like a silent death. It ate away at me without my knowledge, never allowing me to know how far it had etched into my being until it was too late to stop it.
But since she was gone, I thought that I could let go of all the fear I had felt. For so long, I had thought that at any given moment, my grief and guilt would end my life, or at the very least, steal away my sanity. But that did not seem to be a plausible scenario any longer.
It's not that I want to die so I can return to my Creator, which would show me that everything I believed was truthful. It's not that at all. They told us that we're immortal, and they said that they didn't have the specific numbers yet, but that every year, they'd be... Her hands grasped the diamond cross that hung around her neck absentmindedly, and I struggled not to scowl. They would take a number of us, and... She shook her head, I don't know if they were going to exile us or kill us, but they said it would be random.
And people are still going along with them? Astounding...
People went along with all sorts of things on Earth. They're not all bad up there, Brynna. You are colder towards me now because you think that I'm looking down on your way of life, or that I think you all are evil. You think I believe all they've said, but I don't. Believe me, I don't. She grasped my hand again, and I cringed visibly; her touchiness was beginning to aggravate me. It motivated my need to run away.
Your father... She started to say.
As my gaze turned to a glare, the ice turned to fire. Red was staring back at her when she looked at me, and I expected her to scream, pull away, and run, but she did not. Instead, her grip tightened on my hand.
I'm sorry. I didn't mean to offend you. We don't have to talk about him...
Are we having a walk and talk right now? Is this a therapy session slash Aaron Sorkin drama? What the hell are you doing right now?! I hissed venomously. God, you probably have no idea what I am talking about, and I do not care. Ma'am, I will set you up in a house near mine so you and your children will feel secure, and anything you need, you may ask my boyfriend or myself, but please know that I will not pay you in secrets. You 'shrinks,' as my sister calls you, were paid in an abundance of money on Earth, and that money was your prime objective, but the second was to learn other people's weaknesses. You will come to know me during your stay here, and you will discover over that time that if there is one thing I hate, it is weakness. I would strongly suggest that you not attempt to seek out mine, as I have very few, and the ones I do have are nearly impossible to find.
Her smile was not malicious, but rather, calming. Her eyes were alight with concern for me, and tears of sadness brimmed there, though what provoked that minimal level of despondency in her was unclear to me. Those in the mental health profession were not supposed to show emotion, but there she was, not just showing it proudly but wielding it expertly.
Brynna... Her grip tightened on my hand. I already found one. But it's not weakness. It's not...
Thank you so much. I cut her off again. Wait here.
I opened the door to Adam's room and shut it quietly so as not to wake him. Our visit had to be quick, because I knew that James would not take kindly to me spending time alone with him after what I had admitted the night before. Savannah was right outside the door, and I could swear that I heard her sniveling. My heart plummeted first as I realized that I would more than likely have to apologize for the brusque tone I had taken with her. But really, who did she think she was? I had saved her life and her dignity by stopping Don. I had prevented her from being forced to submit to his agonizing interrogation techniques. Now, she had questioned me from the moment she had gathered her wits back, insulted my way of life, suggested that we were all fools for following Don, and most offensively, said that we looked to him as our god.
I knew that I was not wrong to have helped her escape Don's wrath, and I would continue to aid her integration into our society, but after that, we would go our separate ways. The last thing I needed was another pesky shrink asking questions with no intention of actually helping me, if I needed help, which I did not.
My forehead came forward to rest against the door, and I closed my eyes. For a good long while, I stayed still, focusing on my breathing, trying to keep it steady, struggling to control the unwarranted anger the sight of that woman's face made me feel. It was not her fault that she reminded me so much of my mother. It was not her fault that I had very little respect for her profession. The only fault I could possibly attribute to her in fairness was the side she chose when the time had come to choose; her association with the Bachums was a sufficiently sizable dark spot on her record.
I sighed heavily and placed both of my hands on the door, thanking God that no one could see this new, strangely effective way I was dealing with my tumultuous emotions...
If you are in need of rest, I can gladly make room for you here in this bed.
I jumped and even exclaimed in surprise. By the time I whipped around to face him, I was livid.
Why didn't you say anything?!
Studying me over the top of his reading glasses, he smiled and closed the book that was rested in his lap.
I was confused and fascinated, watching you, my strong, beautiful warrior queen, as you behaved naturally. I do so love your acts, but when you drop all pretense, it is truly wondrous to behold.
You sound like a Bond villain when you talk sometimes.
A what? He asked, and his face shifted easily from one of passive interest to one of slight bewilderment fused with nearly unquenchable curiosity.
James Bond was a very famous spy from popular novels, but he was more well-known from the many film adaptations of those novels. His was one of the longest-running film series, if not the longest-running.
And the villains he faced eloquently wooed their breathtaking love interests with observations on their most beguiling behavior?
Smooth, Casanova.
First I am a Bond villain, then I am Casanova. You are full of allusions to popular culture this evening, my dear. But if you continue in this way, I will begin to suffer a crisis of self; all of these different identities will muddle my mind in confusion.
I sincerely doubt that.
Despite myself, I was smiling. My eyes searched around quickly for a chair into which I could allow my body to fall without pretense or grace. Finding none, I had no choice but to sit on the edge of his bed, which caused his annoyingly arrogant smile to form without hesitation.
Do not get any ideas, you fiend. I told him, I am merely here to check on you and to ask for your assistance in a matter that requires your authority.
Well, I may act like I am unwell so you will stay by my side but then, I remember very clearly my delusional ramblings about how you must return to James Maxwell. His eyes met mine, and when he spoke again, there was not a hint of his former tone of jesting. There was only grave seriousness now. They were just that, Brynna. Delusional ramblings, I mean.
Wow. I raised my eyebrows and sighed. You really went there quickly.
I did. I cannot allow my fondness for you to guide my actions, for it will lead me towards you when I should be staying away. You know why I must stay away?
You explained it.
And what did I say? He asked me.
You said that if we were together, a brash, bright-red target would be painted squarely on my back.
Those were not my exact words, but yes. And I will not see your life in danger. After what happened in the forest with the Old Spirits, I have seen a small fraction of the harm that will befall you if you were mine. He leaned forward slightly, his tone imploring. I have had much time during my recovery to think on this and to decide exactly what words to say. I have settled on these: You are intelligent, powerful, and beautiful in every sense. There are others for you, Brynna. There are others who are strong and good and who will care of you...
How could I not scowl darkly at him for saying that?
I do not need anyone to take care of me. I appreciate all that you have just said, but James and I have resolved our issues, and you knew that we would, Adam.
Yes. He replied dismally with a slight nod. But I did so hope that you would find another.
Over the course of one night? My stars, am I Aphrodite? Do I attract men as though they are metal and I possess a magnetic pull? Also, if I jumped from man to man in such a way, what would that say about me?
A small smile, one that quite paradoxically betrayed his distress and not any semblance of happiness one would normally expect when someone smiles, formed on his lips. His hand reached out to touch my face, and before it reached me, I had resolved to pull away. But the second that his wonderfully rough palm was pressed to my smooth cheek, I was intoxicated. My own hand flew up to cover his, and my eyes blinked only when absolutely necessary, even though my eyelids were hanging lazily. I did not want to blink, as I was looking at his handsome face; looking at him was the salvation of my heavy, tired eyes; his face was the cooling, endless stream of water I had so wished for while we were struggling to survive out in the woods for those three dreadful, agonizing days...
You saved my life, He whispered, despite how little you thought of me. You do not have that same unfavorable opinion of me anymore, do you, Brynna?
I shook my head and said, Of course not.
I am glad. I can never repay you. But I can protect you. If he so much as looks at you in a way with which I am displeased, I will end him. His tone had intensified; I could hear how very serious he was. There was no mistaking his threatening tone, and there was no doubting that he would make good on that threat should James give him a reason to do so.
You will not have to hurt him. I told him firmly, Adam, I can handle him. I appreciate your concern, and I am comforted by your willingness to protect me, but I can take care of myself. You know that, don't you?
Yes. Of course I know that. He grinned, You are my warrior queen, after all. Without your quick thinking and fighting skill, we would both be dead. He let go of my face and the flushing of my cheeks evaporated instantly. I must admit, I was a little disappointed to be thrust back into the frigid reality.
It is cold in here. I told him, Do you want me to start the fire?
What I want is for you to crawl in here with me.
I forced myself to scowl at him.
The fire works as well. I am sorry for behaving in such an ungentlemanly manner, Brynna. Now that I am feeling better, I must keep these thoughts to myself again. I could feel him watching me closely as I bent over to stoke the fire. I am behaving like an adolescent boy, which I have not been in many, many years. You must forgive me.
There is nothing to forgive. All men are scoundrels, essentially, and I have grown to accept that in most cases, the quality is merely a harmless annoyance. I am annoyed frequently and have grown very skilled at dealing with such an unpleasant feeling.
We are not all scoundrels. Do you think me a scoundrel, truly? A scoundrel?! He asked, and I laughed somewhat hysterically because of how shocked he was by the assertion. You are laughing at my pain. I am truly insulted.
Despite knowing that our antics were against the new keeping-distance policy upon which we had silently agreed, I laughed. James and I had reconciled, and he was the only man I truly loved, but Adam was slowly winning a prominent place of fondness and respect in my scarcely populated heart. Our relationship had changed drastically and in a blink; it had taken relying only on one another to reach the level we were at presently. Yes, he had started the war, but I trusted that he had a reason. Yes, he had allowed Don to behave in ways that had led to deaths and suffering both told and untold, not to mention the moral degradation of our entire community, but honestly, that was not even his fault. I would have been complaining even more about him if he had assumed the role of tyrant and forced us to submit to his will. Yes, he had wanted to take me from my family, but in the same way that James had not handed me over, he had not forcibly removed me from their lives and kept me for his own. In fact, I believed with certainty that his continued prodding of James was only a method used to gauge how deeply James's feelings for me ran and how strong his loyalty truly was.
To sum all of that up with conciseness that is now too late to count for much, my loathing of Adam seemed to be completely unwarranted suddenly. After all we had overcome, I could no longer hate him. Even after we had almost gambled away any chance we would ever have at coexisting harmoniously with one another (which would have been the case, had we copulated, I mean), I could not hate him, even though hating him would be much easier than harboring such complicated, complex, completely undecipherable feelings for him.
You think I am a scoundrel. What am I to make of this? Do I wear this designation proudly, or do I change my crooked ways?
Would you prefer for me to call you a dog?
No. I suppose not. What is it that I can do for you, my dear? Also, and more importantly, how are you feeling?
I am in pain. What I need...
Yes, I can see that you are barely able to stand up straight. Come here, and I will fix that.
I appreciate it, but that is not a good idea.
I will force myself to stand so that I can come to you, if you are going to be stubborn.
I knew that he was not bluffing, so I walked from the fireplace over to him and sat down where I had been sitting before. He gestured for me to turn around, and I turned my head on the side and frowned at him, a movement and expression he immediately mocked. Scowling only slightly, I turned around so that my back was to him, and when his hands began to massage my shoulders, warmth spread from the spots he was touching throughout my body until it had consumed every inch of me slowly. I was reminded of that day when he had healed my broken wrists so delicately, barely with my knowledge that he was doing so. The warmth of his healing power resonated most profoundly in my shoulders and neck, and within a few short seconds, I was able to move them both freely.
I cannot stand that I left these bruises on you. Your shoulders look terrible.
Well, they are better now. And besides, you did not do it knowingly.
I still cannot believe that you carried me while I was unconscious. It is not that I doubt your willpower; you have shown me many times that your spirit is that of a most fearsome tempest, chaotic yet determined, violent yet cleansing.
Even though my back was turned, I bit my bottom lip when, together with the top, it tried to turn upwards at the corners. I would not smile. I would not smile.
You are so very poetic today.
Yes. I have been given copious amounts of slumber root. When my mind fogs, I can focus on my courting skills.
Well, I thank you for your very imaginative and verbose compliment, Adam.
He chuckled softly and planted a soft kiss on my shoulder.
And I accept your gratitude joyfully, my dearest Brynna. I know that it was nothing short of your most unshakeable determination that allowed you to summon the strength necessary to carry me. Believe me when I say that I owe you more than my life. Even the most dedicated of my people would have given up when I lost consciousness. They would have left me to die simply because there was nothing else that could be done. Anything that you need, please do not hesitate to ask. And you do need something. You told me that you had a favor to ask. What is it?
I need to meet with the leader of this group.
Oh, Janna. Yes, you two will get along very well. Your natures are very similar. She is more than likely awake and will soon be on her way here to see me. Well, she is likely awake; she does so love to sleep until noontide.
I would wait, but that is the other part of my request. You know about the woman and two children whom we rescued up at the base of the mountain.
They were mentioned to me by your lusting leader. Well, the woman was. He was immediately infatuated with her, which I am sure motivated his immediate imprisonment of her.
More than likely. I agreed, I stumbled upon him engaging in his typical degenerate ways, to say the least...
Did he manage it, or did you stop him in time? He asked, and his jaw clenched. I sensed that if Don had actually harmed the woman, he would be hearing an earful of choice terms and mild threats from Adam. Knowing how much Don feared Adam, I could not help but smirk. Luckily, Adam was not looking at me, but rather, reaching out slowly to grasp the silver cup on the nightstand beside him. When I saw that reaching his arm out that way was paining him, I leaned forward, grabbed the cup, and handed it to him.
Thank you, my dear.
You are welcome. No, he did not manage it. However, he did submit her to an interrogation that was even more pointless than the one he forced Maura to endure. I cleared my throat nervously upon mentioning Maura's name, and continued speaking quickly to cover up my emotional hiccup. What I need for you to do is keep Don away from her. This woman has been through many hardships here of late. She was exiled from the Bachum camp, her husband died while they and the rest of the outcasts were struggling to survive in a cave, and then, I find her and her children, promise the latter safety, and Don pulls his barbarism act.
It is not so much an act anymore these days, I am afraid. He was once again reaching out, this time to place the cup back on the table, and again, I aided him, all the while thinking that I did not want to spend even a moment contemplating the resounding truth of his statement. What it meant for us in the present and what it would mean in the future were two mental paths down which I did not want to stray, not when I was still very tired and suffering from mild trauma after all that had occurred in the woods. A rapturous chill twisted around my spine and tightened as I contemplated even beginning to decipher the implications of what Adam had proclaimed. For a moment, I shuddered visibly. When Adam encased me in his embrace, the chill, only half way complete, stopped immediately, and whatever premonition I was meant to understand faded before it had even come clearly into view. I was not angered by being unable to see; I was relieved, and without hesitation, I turned my head so it was rested underneath of his, expecting James to come bursting in at any moment, engage in a violently vitriolic argument with Adam that might descend into a primitive physical altercation, before storming out, vowing never to return into my life. But my heart told me kindly that James was otherwise preoccupied with something involving Janna, whom I had never met but recognized by her essence that was, as Adam had said, very similar to my own.
I did not mean to upset you. Adam told me softly. I am very sorry.
No. I have to start learning to steel myself to these things. It is very strange, Adam; sometimes, the things people say, if they are profound and actually mean something for our futures, force me into this strange space where I feel these odd sensations and think these elaborate, almost labyrinthine thoughts; no matter which way I turn, I find another long corridor densely populated with strangeness and possibilities. That is actually the most apt description I have ever been able to compose. Your poetic tendencies are infectious.
I am very glad. Your kind was always adept with words until it came time for them to describe what it was like to be able to See. It is mistakenly called the 'subtle power' because it is not obvious to anyone but the wielder. But by the one God, I could not carry the burden. I am unsurprised that you can, but I could not. The ones whom I knew all those years ago would dream the terrible events that would soon transpire. They would be stricken with dread shortly before something tragic came to pass, knowing that they could not stop it. It is a terrible burden, and I wish that it was not you who had to carry it.
But I can, Adam.
Yes. I know that. But just because you can does not mean that I do not worry about you. As I have said before, both here and elsewhere, anything you need from me, you will have it.
I nodded, and leaned back to rest my head against his.
Can you tell me a way to sleep through the night that does not involve the use of natural narcotics?
I knew that you looked very tired. You are unable to sleep?
Yes. I replied softly, knowing that divulging those details proved my weakened state but continuing to divulge them despite that. I slept last night for two hours at most, and then the nightmares started. Adam, they are worse than any I have ever experienced before this. One of them felt like a vision, but it could not have been. The other was just a reliving of what happened with the Old Spirits. I mean, there were inconsistencies, like the fact that Ray was not actually a Reaper, but... I shook my head, biting my tongue to keep from saying what I said next. But the warmth of his touch and the complete soothing of my rapidly moving, frantically shrieking anxieties provoked me to continue.
I feel like something is damaged in me, Adam. I feel... different. Strange. Stranger than I am usually, I should say.
Have you told James what happened?
I shook my head.
I can't.
Why not?
I don't know. I shrugged almost compulsively, feeling that ominous tightening in the back of my throat and tears rushing into my eyes. Something feels disjointed, or lost. It is not a matter of what he did. It is not a matter of me loving him; I do, of course I do. It's that I can't stand for anyone to know what happened, even him. Even him, to whom I should be able to tell these things. I just don't understand this, Adam. Nothing happened. I honestly think that I am losing my mind or being dramatic. It must be one of the two.
Something did happen. You were attacked brutally and mercilessly. That disgusting man almost did to you what you fear the most. He terrified you. You know it. I know it. But that is nothing to be ashamed of, my darling. Anyone would have been terrified. Anyone would suffer repercussions long after he or she reached safety. He pulled away from me and lifted my head gently so my eyes could meet his. You are neither going mad nor exploiting sympathy through melodramatic means. You are not damaged. You are not different. You are, for once, completely normal.
I could not help but beam brightly at that. He smiled, too, and held his lips to my forehead for a prolonged, warm kiss.
Everything is going to be alright. In no time, you will feel none of this. Or at the very least, you will feel a small, almost unnoticeable fraction of it. I promise you.
I nodded and leaned forward so my head could rest comfortably under his for the third time.
I know that you are right. You know that from here on out, we are going to have to stop this. I told him delicately, We have no choice but to...
We have a choice, my dear. There are always choices. With age, you will come to see that clearly. Perhaps it is trite, but choices do so often break down into two distinctive paths: One that is easily traveled and one on which you must crawl and fight and bargain precious possessions, both worldly and otherwise, to survive. I need not tell you on which path you and I will be traveling if you left James and came to me, and I have made clear to you that I will not see you in danger that way again.
I looked up at him, my heart pounding so powerfully against the wall of my chest not in a desperate plea to stop me from saying the words that brimmed on my lips but in recognition of the fact that once they were said, they could not be taken back. They were heavy, weighted with a significant meaning that could not be denied. If I said them, and if we allowed them to be recognized in reality, then everything would change.
Still, I said them.
What if I want to be in that danger, Adam? I whispered, What if I am alright with it if it meant that you and I...
I stopped and closed my eyes for a much-needed moment of blank, empty solace; seeing his face would make me say many more dangerous things. I loved James, and would not leave him, but those raging, screaming, overall completely violent feelings that I had for Adam were stronger than I ever could have realized at the time. They are still baffling in their intensity, even today. They had bloomed to effervescent life without a shuddering gasp, nor had they struggled to survive their first hours; they were born from the earth and lived in the glorious Pangaean sunshine, breathing Her precious, crisp air steadily, without difficulty or pain. It was so dangerous, to change from feeling nothing but the deepest loathing to such tremendously powerful feelings of the deepest affection.
You cannot be alright with it, He told me softly, You cannot, because you do not know it. If you knew the danger you would face, we would not be engaging in this discussion. My dearest love, you must forget this idea. You must. My envious nature consumed me briefly earlier when I spoke of James, and for that, I do apologize. I must stop discouraging you from seeing him.
Adam, I love him. I do not want you to think that my feelings have lessened for him; he is still, to put it very childishly, my first love, and obviously, the greatest I have ever had. I cannot begin to describe to you how much I love him. There are no words for it. But it is complicated now, whereas before, it was not. I did not question it. But after what you and I experienced out there, with those terrible people... I looked up at him, Can you tell me with absolute honesty that our fight with the Old Spirits, and our joint quest for survival, or whatever you would like to call it, did not bring us closer? Can you say and believe wholeheartedly that things are the same between us as they were before all of this?
Of course not, Brynna. How can you suggest that I would ever be able to say something so profoundly untrue? His eyes flashed with mild aggravation, but I did not flinch. I knew that his greatest feeling was not anger but hurt. He was just like me in the way that he would not admit when his feelings had been scorned. He preferred, just like me, to pretend that they did not exist.
I was not suggesting that. I told him calmly, I was asking you a question, which your outburst has answered sufficiently.
Did my unconscious answer sway you away from this idea of you and me?
It did not, but I need no swaying. I am devoted to James and always have been. I wanted you to know, for your own sake, that I do feel something for you. If I did not, we never would have gotten as far as we did, if you catch my drift.
What does that mean?
Catch my drift?
Yes.
It means if you understand what I am saying. Generally, it is used when what someone is saying is taboo or awkward, though those two qualities are so often linked; this instance is an example of that.
I see. And what are you saying?
You and I know perfectly well to what I am alluding. If you want me to move on and forget about it, then do not make me say it.
Ah, yes. I understand now. I will only say this in regards to that wondrous encounter...
Oh, it was wondrous. I murmured sarcastically, with a roll of my eyes.
...It has been hundreds of years since my desire for a woman has been so strong, and your beauty astounded me, Brynna. Your bravery astounded me. If this were another world...
Dont say it. I pressed my hand to his lips. I know.
Now I was the one who kissed his cheek.
If you need anything, do not hesitate to send someone after me. I told him, I am at the end of the path, in one of the larger houses.
I know where you are, Brynna. Your location was the first piece of information I required when my wits had returned to me. I do not like you being so far down the path, but the ash circle prevents them from getting inside, so I do not have to worry. Besides, you are my warrior queen. Why would I worry?
Who is this mysterious 'them'? That pronoun is eerie, to say the very least.
They are none of your concern just yet. They might not ever be. Rest assured, my dear, that you will be very well taken care of here, and that you and all whom you hold dearly, including this new woman and her children, will be protected.
I do not hold her dearly, Adam, I simply...
He gave me a look that called me on my lies, and I raised my eyebrows at him.
I am sorry, but to say that I hold her dearly is simply an inaccurate, misleading statement! I am merely concerned for her...
Well, then, all those for whom you are merely concerned will be protected. He told me, By the one God, woman, you are beguiling!
By the one God, man, you are aggravating.
Am I?
Yes! Now, get well soon so you can continue to aggravate me out there in the world. Besides that, everyone is already growing restless. A counter-strike on the Bachums is a course of action wanted by all. This time, from what I have gathered, we want to meet them out in the open. Both sides will arrive at one place and fight.
That will never work, and you know it. The Bachums are cowards.
Yes. But Don is, as well. Meeting in one place does not show bravery. It shows foolishness, chiefly, but also, a will to end this war that is so strong, he is willing to compromise lives in return for a swift end.
You are right, and I will discuss this with him when he returns here today. He smiled up at me with a mischievous glint to his eyes.
What is it, Adam? I asked through a slightly exasperated but very good-natured sigh of expectation.
I just wanted to say congratulations on your promotion. I believe that you will be a most valuable asset to our team.
Thank you. I know that I will be. I looked down at the old, worn leather cover of the book he had been reading. The gold letters were faded to a point that I could not read them, and I found myself wondering quite intensely what he, the leader of the free people of Pangaea, enjoyed reading.
Before I go, I said, What are you reading?
Observe the first line, and you will be able to tell me immediately. 
He opened the book, which gave a delightful creak and seemed to visibly cough dust. When I read the first line, I gasped and grasped my chest.
That is Great Expectations! Where in the world did you get this?
His wicked smile and the light in his eyes only intensified, and I frowned jokingly at him.
You are not going to reveal your sources.
Of course not. He pulled me forward gently so he could tenderly kiss my cheek. Before he let me pull away, he whispered in my ear, I know of your powers of avoidance. I need something that will make you come see me.
I laughed softly and pulled away, stopping for a moment before I walked away to touch his face.
Things are going to be different between us from here on out, Adam. I told him gently, I am going to start keeping my distance.
Yes. But I'd bet my friend, Charles... He held up the book, that you will still find reason to visit. Until then, my dear Ms. Olivier.
Though I know he did not mean it, I could not help but feel a pang of terrible sadness upon hearing him use my full name to address me. He saw that he had stung me, and he kissed my hand before I left, but I could not shake the feeling of finality that suddenly took hold. Though I had been the one to say that things would return to how they had been before our long-winded quest to return home, I hated that he had so willingly agreed. After I had left his room, and returned to Savannah, that feeling continued to prickle most uncomfortably in my stomach. Comprehending his reasoning behind saying it was easy: He was not only going to create physical distance between us but an emotional distance, as well. There had been nothing cold in his tone, which showed that perhaps he was unwillingly putting that space between us... But we needed to stay away from one another, I knew that beyond any doubt...
Are you alright? Savannah asked me gently.
Her voice cruelly pulled me from the space where I could ponder over what to her would be considered a mundane return to social protocol, but then, she would not know that it was a return, as she did not know mine and Adam's newly established bond...
I am fine. I said icily, You will be fine, as well. Adam is the most powerful man in our group, as he is the most powerful man on this planet. The leader of this particular tribe will gladly set you and your children up with housing. I am sure that you will all be assigned a job.
Am I living close by to you?
My brows furrowed, and I wondered how her proximity to me could be important. When she saw that I was confused, she quickly began to elaborate.
It's just that you've been very kind to me and to them, and I would feel comfortable having you close by.
This is kindness? I asked incredulously, God or Gods, what do they do to you poor souls up there in that camp? I shook my head, my face contorted into an expression of complete confusion, and began to walk away.
Are you alright? She asked me again.
In the greatest irritation, I rolled my eyes.
If you had not already told me your profession, I would guess either therapist, which would be correct, or journalist, as you have a tendency to ask too many questions. Although, I did know a journalist once My heart somehow surged and plummeted at the thought of her, Unlike most, though, she just listened. People talked, and somehow, she retrieved from them what she wanted to hear, sometimes without uttering a word. But then, she was brilliant.
And I am not brilliant?
You said it, I did not.
I'm sorry. She said, though she did not sound like she was. Asking questions is an old habit I cant seem to break. Plus, I'm a little concerned about you. No offense, but you look very tired.
I am very tired, but as we have only just met, there is no reason for you to care about that.
Would you like to talk about him?
I startled visibly, and actually stumbled over my words in my hastened attempt to answer with enough scornful warning. By the time my brain sent the signal to my legs to stop walking, my eyes had turned red. By the time I whipped around to face her, I was trembling.
There is nothing to talk about in regards to him! I hissed in nothing short of the most venomous rage. Nothing, do you understand?!
Yes. She said timidly. Yes; I'm sorry.
You saw nothing. Rather, you did see me in his room, but I was only in there for ten minutes, at most. Do you understand what I have just said? Do you understand that those are instructions?
Yes. She nodded, Brynna, I'm sorry... I didn't mean to offend you.
Do not... My voice was shuddering now along with my body, and I could feel the red of my eyes darken to the color of blood, Ask me questions. Do not shrink me. I raised my voice to a tone of condescending cheerfulness. Thank you so much!
***

I suppose I could remedy what I assume you perceive to be a showing of unforgivable cruelty and lack of sympathy by recounting mine and Pennys reunion. But instead, I will jump straight to another conflict, though this one is much more personal and involves another reunion, albeit one that is very different from the rest. That night, James and I attempted for the first time since my return and my forgiving of his terrible lie to have reconciliation and reunion sex. Violet was over at Nicks house, I had just finished telling Penny a ridiculous tale of white witches and evil raccoon-men that I had made up randomly and in glorious detail in the moment, and then James and I were left, somewhat awkwardly, alone.
There was certainly sexual tension in that awkwardness. Perhaps that was why it was so awkward; it was that desire for action, not inertia, and that inertias continuation despite the drive for action, that spurred to life my anxious thoughts. When he kissed me, I kept my eyes open, I remember now, because I was so vividly recalling the few times Ray had chanced joining his mouth with mine in a forceful, painful kiss, during which he had just narrowly avoided my fangs nearly ripping his lips away. I watched James as we kissed so tenderly, feeling his hands so gently pulling my shirt over my head. The moment I felt the chilled air of our room assault my bare skin, though, I remembered the frigid air of the forest night when Ray had ripped my shirt down the front; the invisible wounds that cold air had slashed into me were opened effortlessly but also, against all logic. There was no comparison between that disgusting, sick man and the punishment he wished to inflict on me, and James, my boyfriend of one year, who loved me and was only showing me, as he had done so many times, how much by making love to me. 
My body tensed beneath him, and I began to breathe somewhat deeply, not in the way that was normal for those heated moments between us. He sensed that change in me, that remembrance of something terrible, and he pulled away, looking at me with such concern that those tears which took me without any warning at all threatened to grab hold of me aggressively once again.
Why didnt you tell me?
Tell him? Tell him what? My panicked brain asked frantically. Had Savannah told him the lie I had fed her about mine and Adams short meeting earlier, and if so, was he thinking that my reluctance was the result of that meeting, of the deep fondness for him that would not waiver even when I needed it to so desperately? Did he know that I had seen Adam? Why wasnt he sufficiently outraged?
Baby, if youre not ready right now
Its not you. I told him, shaking my head somewhat rapidly. My entire body was beginning to tremble. I wanted nothing more than to run outside into the open air and take in slow, deep breaths. Only then would I be calmed. 
I also wanted to smoke one of the cigarettes from the pack with which I had been gifted by Don earlier in the day.
You look like you could use them, Brynn. He had told me, and in his eyes, I had seen a recognition of something that I could only assume was his knowledge of what had happened to me. Just like right then with James, I had wanted to run away, but instead, I had merely taken the pack from his hand and murmured a quick thanks, completely apathetic about breaking my nearly one year-strong cessation of nicotine use. 
I know its not me. James replied instantly. Baby, I know that. You dont have to worry that Im offended, okay? I just need you to know that now.
That is quite good that you know that. I told him, still nodding. It isnt you. It could never be you. It has nothing to do with our fight or what caused our fight. Its just I looked up at him, and two strong-willed tears poured from the corners of my eyes. This is so unfair. To you, to me, to everyone. Everyone wants to be happy that I am home, including myself, but I am acting like a mental patient!
Youre not. He told me firmly, his hands clasped tightly around mine. Youre acting exactly as you should when something bad happened to you. Sweetheart, I dont mean to push you, but you really will feel better if you just tell me. You know I wont judge you, or pity you, or have any reaction that youre worried about. Whatever it is, you can tell me, and Ill listen, and
And youll be furious. Youll be murderous. But thats not what Im concerned about. And I know that I will not have your pity or I stopped, realizing that I was lying. I would, and you cannot say that I would not, because you dont know what it is that happened. I can see in your mind that you think you have a pretty good idea, but you dont. And I cant say it. My stomach, my heart, and my mind cant handle how it makes me feel when I even think about saying it out loud. Its so unfair to you. I buried my face in my hands, and when he pulled me to him, I cried bitterly into his chest.
I should be able to say it, and its not you, its me. All of this is me, and its not fair to you to have to sit up with me at night, and deal with all of this, and have to pretend with me that all of this, everything I am doing, is not completely ridiculous, given that what happened was not that bad. I have no right to be acting this way
My breathing was getting faster and wheezing at the end. Without a word, he scooped me up and carried me outside while I clung to him tightly. We sat in silence on the loveseat on our back porch, him staring up at the stars again, and me steadying my breathing and calming my anxieties by staying curled up in his lap with my ear pressed to his chest, listening to the sound of his heartbeat.
I am being such an enigma, and it is a pain in the ass, I know. I whispered to him after a moment. I know, James.
Thats not what Im thinking. He told me softly. Im not angry at you, and I dont think youre crazy, Brynna. I think that whatever happened to you out there is weighing on you, and I want to help you, but I dont know how. Im frustrated with myself, not with you.
I dont want that, either, James. I told him, This is why I wanted to keep all of this to myself. I didnt want anyone else
Almost unsurely, he kissed me, and I could sense that he was afraid of pushing things too far. When he pulled away, I swiped at my eyes, hating that even something as simple as kissing me was a source of uncertainty for him now. I thought over and over again how unfair it all was, how my mind was boggled unforgivingly, reeling forever from what had happened, and yet I still felt like my feelings were unjustified given how tame what happened was in comparison to what had happened when I was a child.
I dont know much right now. I dont know how to help you, baby, but I do know that were going to figure this out. Ill be honest with you: I have no idea how were going to fix this, but we will. We have a years worth of proof that we fix things together, right?
I smiled through my tears and nodded again.
Why do you make it so hard for me to tell you that it would be prudent for you to go? That you should find someone who isnt so I do not even know what I am. But whatever I am, I should be telling you to go.
Youre not telling me that because you know its a waste of the energy you barely have. He told me with a slight grin. You know Im not going to leave you. Come on, how long do you think I would stay out of their jail if I didnt have to live in fear of that scary glare you give me every time I screw up?
As always, he managed to elicit a smile from me when the world was weighing down heavily. 
Oh, honey, you would be singing Folsom Prison Blues while trading cigarettes within the day.
Any instance of privacy, any moment of solitude after that resulted in us trying and failing to reach even the beginning stages of physical intimacy. James would tell me he understood while I cried and cried, apologizing and trying to convince him that it was not his fault, which, of course, it was not. A part of him got frustrated, and I did not know if it was because our relationship had turned into a chaste one against our wills and he had no outlet for his hormones, or whatever you wish to call them, or if he was frustrated that I would not confide in him, but that frustration was there; I could read it in his mind and perceive it in the house around us, like it was a silent, stalking apparition that no chant or prayer could exorcise.
Somehow, we began to accept that those attempts would fail before they had even truly begun, and still, we tried, hoping that this time, maybe, something magical would remedy my shame and disgust, and we would make love gloriously, and all would be right with the world. Truly, we felt that way; like something as simple as a sexual tryst would solve all of our problems.
I am so sorry, James. I told him after yet another attempt, for perhaps the thousandth time. 
That time, he didnt say anything. He just squeezed my hand.

Quinn

When James and Brynna had returned from rescuing Savannah and her children, we were hanging out at the house of Olivier with Violet, so Alice and I got a front row seat to the reunion of Penny and Brynna. Even though it had been difficult, we had kept Brynna's return a secret from Penny, who had woken up hours earlier and began asking for details on her older sister's whereabouts the minute her eyes had opened. When that same sister walked through the door, Penny gasped sharply and looked around at all of us as though we were playing some kind of trick on her that involved dressing someone up as her sister and parading that person before her to see if she could tell the difference. Then, when she realized that it really was Brynna, she ran to her and jumped into her arms with a gleeful squeal of, Brynn!
Penny was adapting at a rate that was confusing to the doctors James and Brynna had been taking her to see. The other kids were certainly experiencing some minor changes, but Penny was already to a point where she possessed great strength, could use really in-depth logic that almost baffled the rest of us, and could change over to her beastly side at will. The other kids could only change when they least expected it, which had led to some interesting scraps among the various play groups, according to Alice, who watched those sorts of things out of habit.
When Penny leaped at Brynna and wrapped her small arms around her, Brynna stumbled back a few steps into James, who was right behind her and who caught her with ease. Penny was locked onto Brynna with her arms and legs tightly, and nothing and no one could break her off.
Hey, baby. Brynna whispered softly, and out of respect for her, we all turned away, as we knew by the crack in her voice that she was about to cry, even though she had never cried before in our presence. Are you okay?
I'm fine! I'm so happy you're finally here! Jamie and Benedict said that their mommies and daddies said that you were... She looked around before whispering conspiratorially, in heaven... but I knew all along that you weren't! And so did James! I knew you'd find her, James!
I promised you I would, didn't I?
Yeah! And you haven't broken a promise to me yet. I've thought about it a lot today, and I've realized that you haven't. You and Brynn never break your promises.
Of course not, baby! Brynna told her, Who breaks the promises they make you?
Eli! She pointed at him accusingly, and Brynna scowled at him in scorn that was only half serious.
Thanks, Penn. Elijah said, Where have you been, Brynna?
Working. Discussing. Negotiating. Saving lives. Where have you been? She snipped at him coldly, More importantly, why are you asking me where I have been in that suspicious tone?
Well, I see that he's back. That's why I asked. Elijah turned his fiery glare to James.
I was never gone, which you know very well. James snapped.
Gentlemen... Brynna cut them off, That is quite enough. Are you hungry, sweetheart?
Brynn, let me do it. You sit down and chill out. Hang with Penny. I jumped in.
I could tell by the way she was crouched over that she was still in a great amount of pain. Holding onto Penny, who was skinny as a rail, just like Brynna, was enough to hurt her. When she sat down, the slight grimace of pain on her face lessened, and she told me quickly yet sincerely that she was thankful for my willingness to help her so readily, or something to that effect.
Alice followed me into the kitchen and started rooting around in the cabinets.
She needs a slumber root and chamomile tea.
She's not going to drink it. I told her, You're right that she does need it, but that doesn't mean that she is going to actually drink it.
Did you see her back? Did you see how she's walking? Someone needs to make her sleep.
She's not going to now that Penny is up.
Well, if you hold her down, I'll knock her over the head with something heavy. Alice told me as she grabbed the kettle from the cabinet. Oh, I meant to tell you this! Something really weird happened last night!
You went to another planet and started life over among mysterious natives! I interjected randomly.
Ha-ha, very funny, jackass. No.
You discovered your ability to fly!
No! She exclaimed through her laughter before whacking me hard in the arm. Wait, did you? Can we fly?!
No! I was the one laughing now, I was just kidding. That would be pretty sweet, though, wouldn't it?
Oh, my God, that would be crazy! She was grinning gleefully at the thought of it. Anyway, Violet and I were talking, and at the same time, we both sensed something was close, and that it was dangerous. So, we went outside, and on the ground... Well, actually, it was in the tree first, but there was this weird tree-man thing.
A what? I asked, and I couldn't help but laugh again.
I know it sounds nuts. But it was this guy, and his hair was like, branches, and his face was like the trunk of a tree, kind of. But he was covered in these black leaf-like things, and bugs, too. I saw a lot of bugs. It's so hard to describe without sounding like we were dropping acid...
That was going to be my next question.
She punched me lightly on the arm again and continued animatedly.
I would be freaked out if it had gotten close to us, but it couldn't come through the barrier.
What barrier?
There's an ash circle all around us. But it was really weird, because it talked to us telepathically.
What did it say?
I don't know. Given what we've experienced with these fantasy creatures so far, and I'm talking about how most of them have tried to kill us...
Demonic, fanged, shark-serpent... I muttered, and she giggled again.
Exactly. I don't trust what that thing said.
But what did it say? I was barely prodding her when I asked, as I agreed with her determination that the creatures we had encountered thus far had less than admirable intentions when it came to us newbies on Pangaea. She sensed that lack of worry in my tone and shrugged her shoulders accordingly.
I don't know. Violet said it mentioned that the forest people were 'bad.'
I had thought that whatever the thing had said could not possibly affect how I saw our current living arrangement. I was thrilled to be settling into a society that seemed to have been established many years earlier, and yet was still thriving. Don was already going around assigning jobs, and I discovered (after he had assigned me to security detail once again) that the forest-people, as this strange creature had called them, had a large army ready to go to battle at any given moment. It was certainly impressive, and it certainly helped me feel safer.
Bad? I questioned Alice.
She turned to me, and swooped her hair over. As she chewed a carrot, she smiled slightly.
Don't think about it, babe. She shrugged again and rolled her eyes, I don't trust the word of a tree-man. He looked way sketchier than these people. Everything here flows smoothly, and Don says that Adam trusts Janna, and Brynna trusts Adam now, so we're fine.
That is the weirdest progression of thoughts. Like, I get what you're saying, and I kind of agree, but the way you got to that conclusion is weird. 
Well, I'm sorry. But at least you agree. That shows that you still have at least half a brain in that thick skull of yours.
I laughed and kissed her.
Oh, really?
Well, I say that, and then you question me randomly like that. That proves that you probably don't even have half a brain. She bit into her carrot obnoxiously with a shrug.
Oh, no?
You're down to like, a quarter of a brain.
Am I?
Stop!
She wrapped her slender arms around my neck and kissed me for one long minute. I slid my arms around her back and held her to me tightly, delighting in the feeling of her soft sweater beneath my hands.
You might not believe this, but Alice and I had never had sex. Are you still reading? Do you still think I'm a straight guy? Well, if you're still reading this, and you still believe that I'm straight, then understand this: Though there was a sufficient amount of interest on my part, she was not ready to go there. So why didn't I leave her for someone else? Why didn't I get a girlfriend who would, as Elijah always says, chuck her woodchuck at me every time she saw me? Well, as you've gathered, Alice and I were friends before we were boyfriend and girlfriend. We spent a lot of time around people who were chucking their woodchucks, or whatever you want to call it, all the time. You've also gathered that Alice was raised devoutly religious, and though she did believe that having sex outside of marriage was alright as long as it was with someone you loved, she just wasn't ready to go there with me. The weirdest part of all of this is that I was fine with that. Sure, I tried just like every guy would, but I never even thought of finding someone else. You can doubt all of this. But even then, even at eighteen, I knew that there were more important things. All I needed was her.
People have suggested that Alice and I couldn't have possibly loved one another without going to that level. Think again; I loved her then, and I still do. 
I gave you all of that background so that what she said next doesn't confuse you.
I've been thinking... She murmured timidly, even though we were alone in the kitchen, Maybe we can...
What? I asked, and my heart gave an almost ridiculously overjoyed leap forward.
She giggled and covered her mouth with the back of her hand to hide it.
I think we should try.
Seriously? I asked, and I couldn't fight the huge smile that had formed on my face against my will. Typical guy, I know...
Yeah. I mean, only if we figure out how people aren't getting pregnant. Have you noticed how only a handful of people have gotten pregnant since we got here? Even James and Brynna, who go at it like rabbits, havent even had a scare. Well, at least as far as we know.
I have noticed that, and you're right, we need to take preventative measures to... to prevent that...
Oh, my God, you are such a dog right now! She exclaimed, and she walked over to the basin in the corner to wash one of the glass dishes off. I walked over to stand next to her, and watched as a piece of her hair fell into her face. After I had brushed it away, I could see that she was blushing.
You can barely talk. She told me with a smile. You can barely think, it seems.
I'm a guy! You just threw that news at me. Not that I've been counting the days or anything, but its been roughly I looked up and did the math in my head, one thousand, four hundred and sixty days, give or take a few.
You dog!
Im sorry! I am just so stoked about this!
So stoked that you actually used the word 'stoked.' Interesting. And sad. No one has used that word since 2000, I think, unless they lived on a beach or at least owned a surfboard.
Indeed!
She looked at me with one eyebrow raised.
And now you've used the word 'indeed.'
Baby... I realized suddenly that I needed to embrace some seriousness in order to stay on level with the gravity of the situation. I'm taking this very seriously. I'm happy, obviously.
We should just let it progress naturally. I'm not saying the next time we go to sleep that it's going to happen. But I just want you to know that I'm there. It's just jumping over the hurtle, if you will.
And I will!
Babe! She whacked me lightly in the chest, leaving her hand-print on my shirt because her hand was wet. You're not being serious at all!
I'm sorry! I'm sorry. I love you. I'm serious about that. And you're right; we'll just let this progress naturally. I get what you're saying, and I'm totally on-board with it. I'm on-board, and I'm cool, and I'm happy.
You're a dog. She kissed me again, But I love you. I just wanted you to know that I'm at that point. I know, finally.
She had started to walk away, and I knew that she was using self-deprecating humor as a defense against her beliefs that I was impatient and questioning our relationship and questioning her. I couldn't let her think any of those things, so gently, I grasped her wrist, careful not to let her drop the plate of food that was in her hand.
Babe... I told her softly, I've never been in any rush. We're not all like that.
That's what James always said.
What?! I exclaimed, You talked to James about this!?
I did. Weirdly enough, it was easier to ask him these questions than it was to ask Eli. Of course, James cringed at first, and said that he was seriously contemplating holding his head under water until he lost consciousness after we were done talking, but he was supportive. It was just hard for him. It's like the talk, except I'm a girl, and he wants my virtue to be protected.
That is hilarious. Have you ever talked to Brynna about this?
No. But we'll be talking soon. I like using them as my therapists. They give good advice after they stop squirming in discomfort.
When we returned to the group, Penny was still telling Brynna all the things that had happened while she had been away. James and Brynna were listening intently, both trying not to laugh in what could only be described as parental adoration. Elijah was sulking in the corner, glaring at them both as he cut an abnormally large tree-nut into slivers. Every couple of seconds, he ate a handful, and then he would return to cutting more, but never once did he take his eyes off of them. I suddenly worried that perhaps he couldn't be trusted with a knife.
Just leave it. Alice murmured to me when I took just one step in his direction.
I was just going to go ask him if he wanted to take a walk to clear his head or even to vent. But Alice was right; there was no use starting a huge argument when everyone else was perfectly content, and if Elijah and I left, Brynna would demand that I not coddle him, and then he would retort with all of the most insulting comments he could think of regarding her and James, and then James would get into the middle of it, and say that it was none of his business... You know how this fight works by now.
When Alice handed Brynna her tea, Brynna thanked her but continued to listen to Penny.
And I could have sworn that I saw that pretty girl from that show on Disney today, but it wasn't her. This girl was pretty, but not that pretty, and she was doing something really gross with a boy behind the cafeteria.
Brynna lurched forward and covered her mouth as her shock led her to almost spit out the tea she had only just taken a sip of. After she had swallowed it, she coughed violently for a few minutes, and banged on her chest with her fist as she tried to take a breath.
What were they doing?! She exclaimed, and Penny looked at her in mild concern but more in an almost condescending surprise that Brynna had not been able to gather what she had been talking about.
No choking. Penny told her blithely, and Violet burst out laughing. She looked up from the mass of red fabric that she was knitting, of which no shape was discernible yet, and shook her head.
She's been using so many of your lines, Brynn. Violet informed her.
Have you? Brynna asked Penny.
Mm-hmm. Penny nodded and smiled gleefully, The boy and the girl were kissing behind the cafeteria. Duh! What else could be so gross, Brynn?!
Nothing. Nothing is that gross. Brynna replied quickly, This tea is very good.
Thanks. I made it myself. Alice told her, With my cold, dead hands, I made you that tea.
Are you cold? Brynna asked, I can add more leaves to the fire.
She went to get up, and immediately, Nick, James, and I went to jump up, all saying loudly and emphatically, No! to stop her from getting off of the couch.
Brynn, you have to sleep. You're probably really tired. And you said your back kind of hurts. So you should just let James do everything, okay? Penny instructed her strictly, and James gave a loud laugh behind us.
You hear that, man? Penny says that you have to be Brynna's servant. I told him.
No, I didn't say 'servant,' Quinnevra...
Oh, my God! I exclaimed, Not you, too, Penny!
I said that he has to help her!
God, Brynn... Violet sighed, Pretty soon, she's going to start saying, 'For the sake of all deities and Gods,' and 'for the love of Homer,' and for the love of Atwood and 'for the love of Rowling,' and all your other little sayings. She'll probably get glasses and look condescendingly over the tops of them...
I do not even have glasses anymore. They were lost, I'm afraid. So, now, there is nothing to deflect my scorching glare of derision. There is no thin lens to block my wrath. You all must prepare yourselves for that. It is going to be most frightening. 
Can you see better? Alice asked her randomly, I lost my reading glasses when the house burned down... She stopped, and looked up at the ceiling as she contemplated something. No, you know what? I think I left them at the campsite. No! I'm wrong. I left them behind when we were running out of the city. Wait a minute, no...
Alice! Brynna cut her off. Perhaps you can arrive at the point that you are struggling to make. That entire progression of sentences felt like a verbal representation of stop-and-go traffic.
You caught me. Alice told her seriously. That's what I was going for.
Brynna frowned at her and then screwed up her face briefly to pretend like she was laughing raucously, an expression that Alice immediately mimed.
I'm asking if you can see better, because my glasses got lost, and I can read everything just fine. I used to have to wear them any time I read something, and now I don't have to.
Yes. My vision has improved substantially. I do not need glasses at all, whereas I used to have to wear mine all the time. My left eye was very severely afflicted with astigmatism, and everything was always blurred on that side more so than the left. It was quite irritating. Oh, yes! She nearly sloshed her hot tea onto James when the realization gripped her and she jerked upwards in response to it. I wanted to ask this! I saw very briefly into Don's mind today, and I discovered that he is going to start having weekly meetings. Are any of you aware of this?
Everyone except for James was unaware of that.
Why are you asking us? You're his second-in-command, aren't you? Elijah asked snidely from behind her. Why hasn't he told you about it? 
I was a little too busy reading him out for his less-than-moral hobbies, so you will have to excuse him for being unable to get a word in edgewise. You do know how I can get when someone's flawed character traits make me very angry.
Even though she couldn't speak as quickly as she normally did, her verbal finesse was all there. Elijah scowled into her eyes when she looked back at him, and that scowl darkened even after she had turned away.
Guess what else, Brynn? Penny said, and I noticed for the first time that Brynna was curling her fingers into a fist, and Penny was pulling them back out one by one until her hand was open. Once her fingers were stretched out, Penny pressed her palm to Brynna's, and then Brynna closed her fist again. After that, the process repeated. When Brynna caught me looking at this strange activity in curiosity, she explained.
She has been doing this since she first began to develop small motor-skills.
Doing what? Penny asked, looking between the two of us.
Nothing. I was talking about Violet. What else am I guessing, honey?
They have a school here. I met a boy named Idan, and his mom, Janna, is the queen of all the people here. He says his mom will let me go to their school. Actually, he says that all the kids can go to their school. Isn't it weird? I actually miss school. Remember how every morning, I'd be so tired, and I wouldn't want to go?
Of course I remember that.
Brynna's body was turned so that her back was rested against James's side, and his arm was over her shoulders. Her eyes were beginning to droop lazily, but she seemed to have no fear of that particular sedation. With the hand that Penny wasn't playing with, she rubbed James's arm, and because she thought that no one was watching them (Alice was knitting the other end of Violet's large piece of fabric, Nick was flipping through an old book on the floor by the fire, Elijah was still shredding the tree-nut, and I had been lying with my eyes closed), she reached back and touched James's face gently. He kissed the palm of her hand and held it to his cheek.
The sun was streaming through the windows, and there was work to be done, but none of us were willing to be the one to break up that peaceful scene. Brynna had been gone for three days, and we had all feared the worst. Over the past year, we had grown closer and become more like a family than just a group of fearful survivors thrown together by strange circumstances and coincidences. We weren't being lazy; we were taking a moment to relax and appreciate a peaceful time that we more than likely would not have again. We could all appreciate the relief we felt now that Brynna was back, healing up nicely, and had finally decided to fall down and relax. The problems of our world could wait; we just needed that time to pretend like nothing was happening all around us, that everything was standing still.
***

The meeting that Brynna mentioned hearing about convened a week or so later. Nick, James, Elijah, and I spent the day chopping up the large logs that had been given to us by Janna's people. We had hauled them over to our back yards from the very top of the square, chopped them up into manageable pieces, and stored them in a shed that we shared between our houses. Brynna slept for only a couple of hours, arising at midday to show Violet and Alice how to skin a deer that had also been given to us by Janna's people.
Say what you want about Adam, but his friends are generous. I told James as we tossed chopped pieces of wood into the shed unceremoniously.
Yeah. I can say all sorts of things about Adam.
His eyes, which I could have sworn carried a hint of suspicion, landed on Brynna, who was chiding Violet and Alice for screaming every time she cut into the deer.
Something had cooled between them, and we all had noticed it. Well, everyone except Elijah, who was still giving both of them the cold shoulder. Though they still had their usual moments of showing affection, there was something less enthusiastic about it. It was like one or both of them was keeping a secret, and both knew that a secret was being kept and resented it, but didnt care enough to get to the bottom of what it was. It was so unlike them, and Violet confided in Alice and me that Brynna was still wandering around most of the night in the house, smoking and pacing, and James would get up with her and go out with her to the living room only to fall asleep on the couch, whereas before, he would stay up with her for most of the night. 
During the day, she showed no signs of whatever was wrong with her outwardly. But at night, Violet said, there was no denying it.
But she wont tell me or James or anyone. James even went to Adam, who of course wouldnt tell him anything. Violet had told us. Im about to go see him to make him tell me.
Of course, Nick had talked her out of that. Most of us still feared Adam, despite Brynnas new approval of him.
Ladies! If I were not here to do this, you would have to do it yourselves! What would you do then!? Brynna demanded loudly and irritably.
Make James or Nick or Quinn or Eli do it! Violet whined back at her as she and Alice grasped each other, both cowering away from the deer.
No, you are on your own with that! Nick called to her, as we all chuckled and watched them.
James, your girl is a beast. I told him, because I thought that maybe he would say something that would explain away the look I thought I had seen when he had spoken a few minutes earlier.
Yeah, she is. He replied, and now, all I heard was pride in his voice. There was no sarcasm, no condescension. Only pride. A sexy beast!
Brynna's head snapped up, and she pointed the bloody knife (with her bloody hand) at James.
Did you really just take a compliment that Quinn paid me, a compliment that was praising my work ethic, survival skills, and determination to keep all of us fed, sheltered, and safe from Old Spirits and the creatures in the forest, and turn it into a trivialized, misogynistic comment on my physical attractiveness? Did you just equate my entire worth to being, as you described me, 'sexy?'
I was covering my mouth, trying to hide how hysterically I was laughing. When James looked at me for help, I shook my head, and laughed even harder.
You're on your own, man.
James, I was asking you that in all seriousness. She prodded him, and I could see that her irritationand it was only irritation, as she knew that he was probably kiddingwas bubbling dangerously.
You're holding a knife. I don't like it. James told her blithely.
James, she's going to come over there and skin you like this deer in a minute. Violet informed him, And you'd deserve it, too!
Yeah! We are women, hear us roar! Alice agreed, and she and Violet started laughing almost as hard as I was. When Brynna scowled at them, they both stopped abruptly.
The answer to your question... James told her, as he walked over to her slowly, his hand outstretched, is yes; I did. But not in complete austerity. Thine anger is admirable, and we peasants shall certainly feel your wrath, because my remarks were meant to offend, simply because I do so love your shows of spirit. Furthermore, thine beauty is so riveting, that I simply cannot resist...
Oh, shut up, James. She murmured, but I could see that she was smiling. Nick and I were cracking up, because we knew that his little act was the same as any other guys' would be, but his was a little more advanced. He had several years on us, after all, so we didn't have to apologize for not being as skilled at resolving conflict with our girlfriends as he was.
She was looking down again, her eyes focused solely on what she was doing, and he dipped his head down below hers to kiss her quickly.
I love you. You know I'm kidding.
He thought that we couldn't hear him, but Nick and I were smirking at each other, as though we both wouldn't say the exact same thing to Violet or Alice if they were irritated at us.
Resume your work, gentlemen! Brynna snapped at us, and as usual, her forceful tone was so intimidating that we didn't ask questions; we gave them their privacy.
We only turned back around when James exclaimed loudly, and Brynna could be heard laughing riotously. When we saw that she had rubbed her bloody hands down his face, we couldn't help but laugh with her.
You so deserved that! Alice told him, jumping up and down excitedly.
James picked Brynna up, and rubbed his face against hers so that the blood smeared onto her, too. She yelped playfully and whacked him several times in the arm so he would drop her, but he didn't.
Heathens! We've become heathens! Nick exclaimed, Don't let the Bachums see you! They will think that we bathe in blood!
We only laughed harder at that.
Let them see! Let them see our savagery! Violet shouted back.
Good word! Brynna praised her.
Wasn't it?! Violet replied joyously as they high-fived.
Oh, God or Gods, I hate you. Brynna murmured to James, but she kissed him. Every few seconds, she would kiss him quickly, or he would kiss her, like nothing was amiss with them at all. Their temperamental shifts between an awkward coldness and their normal shows of affection were beginning to confuse me.  
Brynna! A voice exclaimed behind us, Ew!
Penny! James was still holding Brynna, so she kicked him in the shins, and he dropped her. Once she was standing again, she turned to face Penny.
Kissing is for icky grown-ups. She lectured, Remember? And you and James arent icky!
Of course! You are right. My apologies, baby.
Accepted. Penny beamed and rushed to them, wrapping one arm around Brynna and one around James.
Did you have fun at Jamie's house? James asked her after kissing her head.
Yeah. But Don's here to see you two. He said he didn't want to come around to this side, because he knows Brynna is cutting up a deer, or something. She looked so puzzled that James laughed, and Brynna forced herself to, but we could see that she was irritated. I don't really see why her cutting up a deer makes him want to stay out front. Maybe he's afraid. I'm not afraid. I like helping.
I know you do. You are the very best helper. Violet and Alice are too afraid to help, so I need you to stay here and show them how it is done, as they say. But no playing with the knife, yes?
Yes. Penny nodded emphatically, and Brynna and James headed around the side of the house, wiping their faces off on the backs of their sleeves and looking somber.
What do you think he wants? Nick asked me.
I don't know. It's probably about that meeting weve been hearing about for a week and a half. I replied as I chewed a mint leaf absentmindedly. When I saw that he didn't seem satisfied by that answer, I frowned slightly. What, do you want to go listen, or something?
I like to know things before they happen. If there is something big to know, I'd rather know right away. He replied.
Youre right. Lets go.
***

How are you all settling in?
Don always observed the pleasantries, as Brynna always said. He had done the same to us after we had moved into the house. Alice and I had been exploring all the corridors and open rooms when we had run into him for the first time. I was still miffed about being dragged out of the woods, but Alice was nothing but grateful to be taken in. She had introduced us, shaken his hand, and told him that we loved what we had seen of the house thus far. Though she had later told me that she had been stifling a strong urge to punch him in the face for having us detained the way he had, she never held that against him later.
I was thankful for all that Don had done, too. It was hard for me to hold grudges against him the way that James did. For some reason, James had never warmed up to him; he saw him as nothing more than a pathetic little man who had been gifted with way too much power by a great man whom James also hated. There had always been contention between Don and Brynna, especially in the last days of living in the house, but something had changed between them since she had returned. Actually, it would have changed shortly before the city burned, as that had to have been when he asked her to be his second-in-command. He had never been particularly fond of her, either, but now, he was seeking her advice and counsel. I didn't trust it, at least not right away.
And I knew Brynna was only involved with him professionally because of some ulterior motive. He had killed Maura, and if there was one thing I had learned, Brynna's spite was not easily softened. Even though her relationship with Maura had suffered some blows, Brynna had still loved her, and when Brynna loved someone, she would protect them while they were living and avenge them after they died.
We found that out all too well in later years.
We're fine. James told Don in the brusque tone that he always used when speaking to him. We know you're settling in just fine. Those parties you throw are probably keeping all your dark little inclinations satisfied.
To what are you referring, James? Don asked him calmly.
You know to what I'm referring. People talk, Don. Everyone knows what you do.
Well, they don't know the half of it. I don't care what people say, as most people don't care what I do. These people have graciously allowed us all to stay here, and they are on par with us in terms of living and letting live. You might want to catch up.
I'm not going to catch up when innocent people are...
Innocent? Innocent? You think I force these people into this? You think these people don't want to do whatever their desires tell them to do? Oh, no... Don shook his head, This is why you need to come tonight, so you can hear my side of things.
Gentlemen, Brynna interrupted them, I am still very irritable, as I am still in some pain. My stars, you two have been in the same room for under one minute and already, you are in disagreement.
We are always in... James started.
Don, please just get on with your request.
With my request? Don asked, those hilariously large eyes widening in hilariously pathetic curiosity.
I assume you are here because there is something you wish to ask of me.
There is. How are you settling in, Brynna? He asked, almost as though he was purposely going against her order to get right to the point. How are you feeling?
That is not what I meant by asking what you wish to ask of me. But alright; I will bite, as they say. I just told you how I am feeling; I am very exhausted and if it were not for the glorious leaves that Dr. Terry prescribed, I would be nearly paralyzed and in terrible pain. I am settling in just fine. In fact, we all are. Penny loves it here, and Violet is content, so I am happy.
Do you want some tea, baby? James asked her softly, and she shook her head.
No, but thank you, honey. She replied, and I could imagine clearly the look on Don's face. He, unlike everyone else, was still curious about and bewildered by their relationship. Throughout our camp, there were many strange pairings like theirs. There was another girl, a few years older than Brynna, who was dating a man a few years older than James. In fact, that girl wasn't the only one. There were women who were dating younger men; one case that springs to mind was a fifty-something year old widow who actually ended up marrying a man in his late twenties whose wife was killed in the house fire. Don felt no need to gawk at them, or to ask them insensitive, overly nosy questions, but then, Brynna and James were the first strange breed of couple that he had encountered on Pangaea. What was stranger than them being a couple for him, I think, was how readily people accepted it. Nobody questioned anyone in those days, for better or worse. In James and Brynna's case, it was for better. In Don's case, it was for worse.
Adam tells me that you are still concerned about Savannah. I really wanted to tell you in person that you needn't be.
Adam told you that? James asked before she could respond, and when he looked at her, I could see that he was trying hard to mask his anger.
I'm sorry, did he not know that...
No, I didn't. But continue. James interrupted him, his aggression not well hidden.
But Don did not continue speaking right away. A long, awkward silence ensued, and Nick and I looked at each other, both wearing expressions of sympathetic discomfort for how Brynna must have been feeling. 
I was going to tell you...
No, you weren't. James replied quietly but venomously, too. Don, continue.
Don stuttered for a second as he tried to cover the mistake he had made. For a minute, I thought Brynna was going to tell him to leave. But she said nothing. Instead, she just continued to stare pointedly at him, waiting for him to finish his speech.
I won't bother her. I'll leave her alone. Things got out of control very quickly, and you and I both know what happened the last time I let myself lose control like that. And I've only apologized once for that, and that's not enough...
Don, I am not going to talk about her. Brynna told him, and I could see that she was holding the back of her neck now. The tension in the room, which normally would have only aggravated her, was actually making her nervous. I think part of that anxiety was knowing that she and James were going to have a terrible fight after Don left.
I know. Don nodded solemnly, But I wish I could take that back. I know that you two had problems, but you loved her. And Violet had no issues with her at all. I know that this has devastated her. I know that she hates me for it, and rightfully so.
Yeah. It is rightfully so, Don. James chimed in, She He gestured at Brynna, won't say anything in defense of her, of course, because she can't let go of what happened between them, but I'll say it: Maura didn't know anything. If she had known what they were planning, or if they have gotten other weapons, or where exactly they are, she would have told you. She wasn't a soldier or a spy, Don. When you were putting her in that much pain, if she had been trained by them to infiltrate whatever the hell it is that we have here, she wouldn't have told you. She wouldn't have cried. She wouldn't have begged you to let her go the way she did. You know that now, and you knew it then. You just wanted to hurt her.
You're wrong, James.
Yes, you are wrong. But not about that. Brynna shot at him furiously. You are wrong in your suggestion that I will not say anything in defense of her because of what happened with... She stopped and muttered a name that I didn't catch. I will not say anything in defense of Maura because the moment I decide to dwell on what he did, that will be the moment that the fragile hold I have on my self-control releases, and then you... She looked at Don, and I could see that she was trembling with rage, will cease to exist. You are lucky that Maura and I had such a troubled past. You are lucky that a part of me always hated her for what happened. Because if I loved her as unconditionally as Violet did, you would be nothing, Don. You would be long gone by now.
I know. Don nodded, I know, Brynna. After another few minutes of awkward, tense silence, he spoke again, and his voice was barely a whisper. It scares me, you know. It always has. It scares me because I can't control it. On Earth, I was able to. Somehow, I was able to suppress all of this. It was always there. It was always this nagging voice. There was always this dark desire to do terrible things, and I'd think about it constantly...
Nick and I were simultaneously riveted and disgusted. Out of the corner of my eye, I could see that his face was contorted into an expression of shock and loathing at all we were hearing. This was certainly not the conversation we had been expecting, and we knew that this was only the introduction, although it was a very strange one, and that the real dirt would be coming soon.
Now that we're here, I want to let go of that. I know that I say that we should all be allowed to do whatever we want without being judged, but there has to be a line. I know you agree with that.
Of course I agree with that. There should not be strict rules, but there have to be rules, Don. Otherwise, we are just a band of violent, lusting, anarchist hippies, though our violence puts us in stark opposition to hippies.
What do you suggest? I really want to make all of this clear during the meeting. I want people to know how things are going to be different here.
Well, first of all, the parties every night...
You don't think that we should have them? 
I did not say that. I agree with you that people should be able to have a grand time, doing whatever it is that they please, as we lived for many years on Earth under strict rules, most of which were based in a religion that was shoved down our throats by the government, despite the fact that our Constitution clearly... She stopped, shook her head slightly, and continued. We are not the Bachums. People should be allowed to do what makes them happy. As much as I am opposed to it, if that means eating enough Peace Fruit to live like a maenad for three weeks, then that is what it means. However, if people get hurt, or worse, murdered, or even worse, if a little girl is forced to rip apart a fully grown man who is trying to attack her in order to cover up his crimes, then the perpetrators of those crimes need to be punished for them. This 'no judging, no punishment' rule is far too idealistic. I understand what you were trying to accomplish, but we are lucky that things have not boiled over completely. We are lucky to have even a smidgeon of control. There has already been violence, plenty of it. But there has not been chaos. That is the first bullet you need to address: People will now pay a price for hurting other people. No restrictions on having a good time, but if other people are hurt while they are engaged in that frivolity, or at any other time, they will suffer consequences.
What kinds of consequences?
Well, women certainly won't be handed off to you, if that's what you're hoping for. You can be damn sure of that. James cut in coldly.
James... Brynna muttered, Stop it. Well, obviously it cannot be too over-the-top. The punishment is going to have to fit the crime. Perhaps we should implement a strike policy.
Meaning every time you hurt someone, or violate a rule, then you get a strike.
The only rule is not to hurt people. That encompasses murder, rape, physical assault, thievery... Honestly, Don, I think that is the only rule that truly matters. I could not care less about what people do in their spare time. As long as they are productive members of this group, and they are not harming each other, I do not care how they spend their lives, as long as they are content.
Agreed. Don nodded. Do you think that the strike rule should just be for minor things, or for everything? What I'm saying is, should someone who steals someone's crops be treated the same as someone who kills someone else? I'm not nave, I know that we're not going to live this peacefully forever. So, that question is bound to come up tonight.
Of course not. I personally think murder, rape, and assault should mean banishment. Stealing can be a strike. Do you know what other rule I think is very important?
What? Don asked.
She raised her voice.
Nosiness should be punishable by death. If two gentlemen named Quinn and Nick who think they are very sneaky but really are not would like to live, they might want to go back outside!
We scrambled back outside, not because she had jokingly threatened our lives, but because we would get an earful if we stayed.
So, how do you think people are going to take it? I asked Nick as we walked back down the stairs.
Take what? Having rules?
Yeah.
As long as this does not turn into a second Bachum camp, people will be alright with it. Don's way didn't work. Brynna is sensible. People know that. What we heard her say should happen really should happen. People will agree.
Do you think the Pangaean people will agree?
From what I have gathered, Quinn, Brynna and Adam have become one in their thinking. I think that if Brynna says it, Adam will agree, and if Adam agrees, then the rest of them will, too. Pretty soon, Brynna will be more powerful than Don. Just you wait.
I thought about that for the rest of our short walk back to where Alice, Violet, Penny, and Elijah were still working. I couldn't disagree, and I couldn't say that the idea didn't make me grin a little bit. As much as she professed to hate people, she certainly knew what they needed. Don, whose idea had been so great but whose execution of that idea had failed miserably, was not going to be leading us for much longer. Soon, Brynna, with the help of Adam, would be calling the shots.
We would be a hell of a lot more secure, and certainly much happier, once that transition happened.
What were they talking about? Alice asked after I had come back.
Rules. We didn't get to hear much, because she realized that we were there, but what we did hear her say was pretty awesome. She knows what she's doing. Considering she's like, twenty years younger than Don, it's funny that she knows what's in the interest of the rest of us better than he does. His whole philosophy about letting people do whatever they want all the time is something you'd expect from a twenty-two year old, not him.
It is. Her hands were grasping the cross pendant around her neck. She was pulling it up and down the chain at a mild pace, the way she always did when something troubling was on her mind.
What is it, babe? I asked her, and I put the ax that I had only just picked up back down so I could grasp both of her hands.
Nothing. I just... It seems too good to be true, you know? Things really seem like they might be shaping up. Brynna's got a hold on Don, so things might not be as crazy as they were at the house.
And I know, you think that means that there's trouble brewing. My girlfriend, the perpetual pessimist. God, where is Brynna? That was an awesome phrase.
Alice's laugh was lackluster.
I know. I'm always raining on the parade, and I'm sorry.
Don't be. I told her gently, You know I'm just kidding. You're probably the more sensible one out of the two of us.
Maybe. I just... She shook her head and ran her fingers through her hair. How can I not think that good times immediately lead to bad times after everything that's happened? I just don't think that Don is going to let her call the shots for very long. Eventually, he's going to get pissed, and he's going to start doing whatever he wants to do anyway. I just don't want her to get hurt. People are going to listen to her now, because she's the one who stood up for them when he turned his back on the 'weaker' people. There are hundreds of people in our group, and now there are a bunch of Pangaeans. Don loves his power, and slowly but surely, she's going to take it from him. It's not going to be on purpose. It's going to be because people trust her more than they trust him. That's dangerous not just for her but for all of us, Quinn.
Brynna could crush Don, physically and with her power. You don't have to worry about this, baby. Brynna will kill him if he tries to turn on her. She's got this.
What if it's not just him, Quinn?
What do you mean? I asked, You think he's going to form some sort of posse of Don Abba loyalists?
What I think is that right now, everyone is so focused on the Bachums. But that war isn't going to go on forever, and even if it spans so many years, the way that she said it will, it's not always going to be this heated. During that time, we'll find other ways to fight. There are too many of us; we can't all be on the same side.
Why not? I asked with a laugh.
Because! I know this seems like pessimism, but it's not, Quinn! It's realism! Look at the history of Earth: people always found reasons to fight. If one war wound down, then another started. This is the sad truth about us as human beings: we can't agree. It's kind of like there are too many chiefs and not enough Indians.
I take offense to that saying. I told her, just to lighten the mood.
She scowled at me, completely out of patience with my constant joking, before turning to huff back over to Violet and Penny, who were picking large chunks of meat out of the massive deer. I watched as they dropped the bloody pieces into a large bowl, laughing while they did it and grimacing simultaneously. We had grown so self-sufficient over our year there. There were no more grocery stores where we could buy our food. There were no more high-end restaurants where we could have delicious, expensive meals brought to us. There were no more bottles of water, no more cans of vegetables, no more gallons of milk. Everythingall of the nutrients we needed, all of the food we had to eat in order to survivehad to be caught, killed, and cut up by us. There was no easy way to live anymore. Even actual decisions had to be made by us; there were no more politicians, both legitimate and otherwise, to make them for us.
Of course, towards the end of our days on Earth, certain areas in many formerly well-off countries had been hit hard. But in my town, I had never experienced the hardships that people were suffering through in other states. Alice and I and our families had been fortunate enough to not lose our luxuries while people further west were losing their homes, being subjected to laws we knew next to nothing about, and getting sick from the first blasts and the accidents, all while receiving very little food and clean water. Every night, my parents and Alice's parents had praised God for sparing us. They never prayed for those affected nor did they demand to know why those innocent people had to suffer. They only thanked God for our steak and potatoes, and for the fact that our pilot light was still working.
And I ask myself sometimes why I had such a problem with devout people...  
Alice was right in all that she had said. I knew that then, and obviously, I know it now. I made jokes and wrote her musings off as just her typical negativity, but I knew she was spot-on in her broad overview on what it meant to be human beings. We were violent, angry creatures who would sooner rip each other apart over our differences in opinion than make the effort to find common ground. Power was the drug of choice for so many, and Brynna knew that especially, considering who her parents were.
She'll take care of it. I muttered to myself.
Her parents had been power-hungry, evil people. She knew what to look for in Don, Adam, and anyone else who rose to the top of the heap to lead us all.
She'll take care of it.

Violet

It's definitely fair. I agree that the judging system is fair, but we all know what taking that plant has done to us. Fifteen people are dead.
Five by their own hands, Mike. You can't discount that. Don insisted.
And ten by someone else's!
The meeting was being held outside, in a large field far off behind the houses. It seemed like every one of our people had shown up, and that every Pangaean had even come to see what would be said. I was in the front row, watching Brynna stand with her arms crossed in front of her. Every couple of seconds, she rolled her eyes at something Don said. He wasn't handling the situation to her liking; I could gather that just by the way she kept sighing and murmuring to James, who was standing beside her, being stonily silent.
It shouldn't be allowed. It should be outlawed. Mike continued. Brynna, look at what happened with Penny!
Brynna walked over to Don and took the megaphone out of his hand.
I agree with you wholeheartedly in regards to the Peace Fruit. Yes, it has yielded some tragic results. However, if Don and I say that the Peace Fruit is not allowed, for one thing, many of you will do anything in your power to get it. This is a very well-known fact, but I will state it anyway: During Prohibition, alcohol-consumption was at an all-time high. During the most recent drug war, drug usage ran rampant. During the Health Watch, people were smuggling their drugs, alcohol, cigarettes, and all the various banned food items from various sources, most of which were shady at best, and malignant at worst. This is only speaking for the United States, but there were similar motions made in other countries. Once the Health Watch was over, usage of those items dramatically decreased. Do you see the point that I am trying to make here?
I do, but this is different. This is from their world...
Don took the microphone back from Brynna.
Yes, but we are a part of their world now, Mike. And yes, it has caused some tragedies to occur, but the Peace Fruit and the way people use it is hardly our greatest concern.
Brynna took the megaphone back from Don.
Yes. Our greatest concern right now is implementing a policy that will guarantee safety for all of us. God or Gods love him, but Don's entire approach to this did not work. I will not point fingers at anyone in particular, as there have been many, but those who steal, vandalize, assault, or murder people will now be held accountable for those actions. We have decided that the best way to make sure that the first two cease to happen immediately is to put into place a 'Strike Rule,' similar to what was used in Florida and California. As we do not have the problem of racial bias, or bias at all, really, this should not make anyone anxious. Any action that is brought to us, and please, do not come to Don or me and tell us that your neighbor's dog is urinating on your lawn, because that will not gain the dog's owner or the dog a strike...
There was a spurt of rather strong laughter, and then people were silent, listening to what she would say next.
Stealing, vandalizing, or trespassing with the intent to steal or vandalize... That will gain a strike.
What about assault and murder?
Depending on the severity of the former, the accused will be put in the jail that is here, or they will be exiled. By assault, I am referring to two people getting into a fight, or someone has a tantrum while drinking and punches another. I am not referring to rape, which will be treated as seriously as murder. Once, and you are out. Neither Don nor I can make that more clear. There will be no jury. Don, Adam, and I will agree, and you will be packing your things and leaving.
So you will just take the word of the victim? What if they're lying? Someone shouted, and I thought to myself that I did not envy my sister's job at all.
Of course we will hear both sides of the story. In fact, that leads me to another point. Don and I would like to extend an invitation to any interested parties: We are looking for honest, trustworthy people to act as judges for cases exactly like what we are describing right now. Though I said there will be no jury, there will be judges. These judges will not only determine guilt or innocence but also, decide punishment for the former. Though the judges will have final say, any appeals by the 'guilty' party will go to Don, Adam, or me.
Like the Supreme Court?
Essentially. Brynna and Don replied simultaneously.
However, we want to be up front about the process of applying: Your hearts will be read by Don and your mind will be read by me. We alone will make our decisions, confer with Adam, and then we will decide. If you are interested, please see one or both of us at the end of this meeting.
What about killing in self-defense?! A woman yelled from the way back of the group. 
We'll cross that bridge when we come to it. Death will not be a punishment for anything, even murder. There is no eye for an eye thing here. Don said into the megaphone. We all lived out there. We know that aside from the Old Spirits, there are a lot of creatures that mean us harm. You all know that from our long journey to the house. If you are exiled, you will be facing those things alone. You will be fighting to survive on your own. Keep that in mind.
What about work?! Do we still have to do it?! A boy around my age shouted.
Yes. Brynna and Don replied simultaneously.
There is always work to be done, as we all know. There are many links in the chain, if you will, and everyone has something he or she can contribute. This is not like Earth. There are no benefits programs, nor is there anyone who will swoop in and save us if the food runs out, or our clothes get ripped, or our houses start to deteriorate. As you all know, we are completely on our own, and the only reason why we are still alive is because we have all put forth an effort to keep things running smoothly. Jobs will more than likely be determined by what Janna and her people need from us. I certainly hope that we have all been polite to them and thanked them for letting us stay here.
Everyone in the crowd actually said thank you, and Brynna and Don actually laughed.
I did not mean right now. She told them, and everyone laughed again. I was covering my mouth to hide how hysterically I was laughing; this meeting was part town-hall gathering and part elementary school assembly.
Alright, if no one has any questions, I will turn this over to Don. Thank you so much.
She handed Don the megaphone and walked off of the platform she had been standing on. She and James sat down on the chairs beside me, and I noticed that she did not grasp his hand, nor did he put his arm around her back. When I looked up at her with my brows furrowed and indicated James with a tilt of my head, she shook hers and stared straight ahead.
And actually, I would like to turn the stage over to Janna, who would like to formally introduce herself.
A beautiful dark-haired woman gracefully sauntered onto the stage. Her lips were stained red perfectly with berry-colored lipstick, and her large green eyes were accentuated by dark ash around them. In the glow of the sunset, her eyes sparkled against her skin that was whiter than snow. When she smiled, her hand came up to tuck a stray strand of her long, black hair behind her ear and her cheeks flushed to a perfect shade of pink in a show of adorably chagrined modesty.
Thank you, Mr. Don.
Her accent was just like Adam's, almost British but with a twang of something extra. There was something undeniably regal about them both, and yet I knew beneath the surface of her beauty lurked a woman who could kill with swift, merciless ease. She would not have been the leader of her people if she were unable to protect them.
Her lips pressed to Don's cheek after he had handed her the microphone, and now, James and Brynna did exchange a knowing glance before diverting their gazes in a furious hurry. Don's entire face was beet red, and he couldn't fight the grin that formed immediately.
Hello, I am Janna, reinetrois of Purissimus, reinepremier of Shadow Forest. I am pleased to have all of you here with us. Our greatest privilege has always been housing guests; that is why our village is so large. Please, anything that is needed, do not feel any shame in asking any one of us. Now, Don has just said that your jobs will be determined by what we need. However, I would like to say that I am... Her perfect face contorted into a perfectly charming grimace of confusion, What is that expression? It is an Earthean one. Something about suggestions...
Open to suggestions. Don told her.
Yes! She beamed her brilliant smile. Open to suggestions. Please, if there is something that you would enjoy doing that is not what I ask, tell me. I, like Don and like Adam, believe that everyone has a purpose. I also believe that if we are going to be here for thousands upon thousands of years, we should be living in harmony with one another and with nature. I will see each and every one of you personally. And please just let me say again, welcome, and I am excited about what we will be able to accomplish together. Thank you.
The round of applause that followed her exit from the stage was so deafening that Penny covered her ears and frowned up at Brynna.
Why are they clapping so loud?!
Because barking would be rude, sweetheart.
Elijah, Quinn, and Nick actually whistled repeatedly until Brynna looked away from Penny, leaned across me, and said loudly and furiously:
Yes, let us wolf-whistle at the female leader of an entire group of people. Perhaps we should cat-call after her as well, and ask if she will catch our single dollar bills if we 'make them rain,' as they say!
I couldn't help it. None of us could. We laughed from then until the meeting was adjourned.
***

James was off with his friends from security, and Brynna was talking to her friends Rachel and Emma and a few other women as Penny and the other kids ran in circles around the monstrous bonfire that had been erected in the village square. The smell of cooking meat wafted over me delightfully, making me hungrier as the time wore on. Nick and I were strolling hand-in-hand, talking excitedly with Alice and Quinn, who were as thrilled as we were to be in that beautiful place, surrounded by our huge multicultural family and our new, very generous Pangaean friends.
As we walked, I found myself looking all around for Caspar, whom I had not seen since our first meeting. Discreetly, I had asked a Pangaean woman in town if she knew where I could find him, and she said at the end of the first street, in the queens house. For some reason, my heart had plummeted; I wondered if he was Jannas much younger boyfriend, or something of the sort. Why that mattered when I was perfectly happy with Nick, I didnt know. It was too weird to even think about for long. What did his relationship to the queen matter to me? And why was I so curious?
We're lucky, you know.
Nicks voice cut me out of my thoughts, thankfully. 
Are we? I asked, even though I knew we were, but I had just needed something to say.
When the house went down, I thought that was the end for us.
I know. I agreed, I thought so, too.
I thought we were going to be wandering again like we did before. Can you imagine if we had to fight that way all over again? If every time we turned a corner, we faced a Shadow or a Reaper or a shark-snake-octopus-monster thing?
God, I don't even want to imagine it. I groaned, Ooh, wine!
One of my favorite things about Pangaea: No drinking age! Quinn said as he picked up a glass.
One of my favorite things about Pangaean evolution: Enhanced hearing!
We all jumped, and I placed the glass of wine back down on the table before turning around to face Brynna and Penny, who were wearing identical expressions of displeasure.
You're not old enough, Violet. Neither are you three. Penny told Alice, Quinn, and Nick. Brynna and James said that you have to be thirty-five to drink, and you all aren't that old.
Theyre right. Quinn replied, and he put the glass down.
I do not care if you have a drink, but if I see you even glance at that tray of Peace Fruit tarts over there, I will drag you home by your ear. Brynna told me, and something in her tone told me that she was very tired once again, and therefore in no mood to celebrate. That goes for all of you!
That's a Peace Fruit tart? Alice asked incredulously, They should have that labeled!
Are you okay? I asked Brynna softly when she ran her fingers through her hair.
I am fine. I am just tired and still in a minimal amount of pain. I certainly do not feel like drinking this wine, which I am sure is utterly delightful, considering by whom it was made. These Pangaean people are masters of the culinary arts in both food and drinks, alike.
You know, it might make you feel a little better to drink some wine. I told her gently, Alcohol releases endorphins, but I'm sure you already knew that.
I did. She replied testily.
There's Tommy and Kayla! Penny exclaimed, Can I go, Brynn?! Please, can I?!
Stay in my sight. Yes? Brynna said, and Penny nodded, beaming from ear to ear. Before she ran off, though, she stood on her tiptoes and angled her head up so Brynna would kiss her forehead. Even after seeing them together for so many years, I couldn't help but smile still. Their relationship was truly one of a kind.
Tell James I said bye! Bye, Vi! She hugged me around the middle and ran off before I could even respond.
When I looked back at Brynna, she was taking a long gulp from one of the wine glasses.
Whoa! I grasped her wrist and pulled the cup away from her lips. Slow down! Are you really in that much pain? If you are, then we need to go find Dr. Terry.
No. Brynna replied, I mean, yes, I am in pain, but that is not my main concern. More importantly, my main concern is not your main concern. Now, go have fun with Nick, Alice, and Quinn. Go dance around the fire. Be merry young people without a care in the world.
No, because you're upset about something, and I want to know what it is! I lowered my voice when a group of Pangaeans and Eartheans passed us, reveling loudly together. They moved to an open spot around the fire where they began to dance jubilantly, their arms and legs snaking around each other in surprisingly graceful seduction, given their severe intoxication. When another group passed, I saw that it was also mixed with both Adam's people and our people. They all greeted Brynna, congratulated her on her new position, and said that they had all the faith in the world in her. We both smiled at that, and she thanked them, but once they were out of sight, she leaned against the table of wine and ran her fingers through her hair again.
Do not glower at me, please. I have had enough animosity for one evening. She murmured, so quietly that I barely heard her over the festive music and the shouts of the joyous party-goers.
Brynn, come on. Let's just go for a walk. We don't have to talk about it. Let's just walk. Guys, can you keep an eye on Penny?!
Duh! Alice shouted to me, but she, Nick, and Quinn all indicated Brynna, and Quinn mouthed:
Is she okay?
I nodded quickly and put my arm around Brynna's back to lead her away.
Once we were a few yards from the party, it was quieter, and she seemed to have calmed slightly. Her hands still pulled nervously at the strings of her hoodie, and every couple of seconds, she brought them up to run over her hair, but she wasn't as jittery as she had been.
What happened, Brynn?
You said that we did not have to talk about it. She shot at me, almost accusingly, like I had kept some terrible secret from her that she had heard from someone else.
Whoa! Chill out! I just want to know what's going on. You're not yourself right now. Did you take something? Did you...
Did I take something?! She exclaimed furiously, and in the darkness, I could still see her eyes turn light red. Of course I did not take anything! I am... My heart is beating very rapidly, and I am having some trouble breathing. I know that this is some sort of panic episode. However, from what I have read, they do not last this long. So, this might be some terrible affliction. I might be suffering something horrendous. I very well might be succumbing to some deadly illness. Any second now, I could... She breathed heavily for a second, I could... She moaned softly for a second, and my own heart began to race. Oh, God or Gods, I don't know what's happening. Her fingers were compulsively running through her hair again. This is just a panic attack. This is just a panic attack. Saying that helps, does it not?!
A panic attack had not taken hold of me since the first time Adam had arrived at the campsite. One of the things that Pangaea had gifted me with was a new way of coping with my anxiety; I couldn't quite discern what my method was exactly, but whatever it was, it was working wondrously. Perhaps it was the willful uses of adrenaline that were necessary to our survival. Perhaps my anxiety had become a weapon.
Whatever the case, the only good thing about ever having suffered from debilitating, useless anxiety was knowing how to remedy it in another.
Alright. Listen to me. Just sit down.
There is nowhere to sit. She told me, and her breathing hitched in the back of her throat. She grasped her chest, her body beginning to tremble even more severely. I grasped her arms first, but when her eyes began to dart erratically around, I grasped her face, thinking that at any moment, she would faint.
You're alright. Brynna, you're fine. You're right; you're just having a panic attack. And we're going to sit on the ground, dummy.
I managed to maneuver her down so she was sitting, and immediately, she put her head between her knees. For a moment, I thought I heard a whimper escape her, followed immediately by a choking sound that I knew had been an attempt to stifle that soft cry.
Just breathe. Don't hold your breath. You're alright. I was on my knees beside her, running my hands down the back of her soft hair. I'm right here, Brynn.
I was careful not to move too close to her, as she would then feel smothered, or too far away, as she would then feel like I was deserting her when she needed me.
I do not have these! I do not let myself have these! I have power over myself... The air she was so forcefully inhaling stuck firmly in her throat again, and she struggled for a minute to draw in a steady, slow, gentle breath.
  Just don't say anything, okay? Just relax, and try to breath normally. You're going to be alright. It will pass in a few minutes. It's just wonky brain chemicals. Do you remember how you used to say that to me? It's just wonky brain chemicals, and once they stabilize, you'll be fine. Do you remember how you used to tell me that whenever I had a panic attack, Brynn?
She actually laughed for just a second and nodded.
It's true, but I am having a hard time believing that right now. God, Violet, this might serious. Something is wrong, I promise you...
Nothing is wrong. Everyone is safe. Penny is safe. Eli is safe. James is safe, too.
Oh, James... She murmured, and I was stunned to hear the undeniable heartbreak in her voice. I have completely ruined that, as I knew I would. I knew I would drive him away, Violet. And now he's turned into something else. And now Penny... She shook her head back and forth rapidly, and cleared her throat multiple times, but when she tried to take a breath, she could only gasp. A groan escaped her, and when she looked up, I saw that she was biting into her lip so hard that she was bleeding.
I will not do this on his behalf! I am stronger than this. This is below me. I am done. I'm done. She threw herself onto her feet, but the movement was too abrupt and harsh. Her legs buckled after a moment, and I jumped up in a flash to catch her before she fell.
I think Adam might have dislocated something. Perhaps he caused some brain damage, some sort of spinal trauma that is affecting my brain. Perhaps that is why I am behaving this way. I do not feel things like this. She was talking to herself more than she was talking to me. And that would explain why I saw... That would explain it... Carrying Adam hurt me worse than I thought...
No. You're just having an episode. That's all. You're allowed this, Brynna. This is normal. You're allowed to be angry at James, or sad, or... 
I stopped myself from saying whatever it is that this is.
I can't make him understand it because I don't understand it. It's wrong. I have to let it go. And the other thing is completely ludicrous. It's not possible.
What? I prodded her gently, What isn't possible?
No. I can't tell you that. Violet, I just have to go home, okay? I need you to help me get back home, and then I need you to go get Maura... Penny! I need you to go get Penny!
Now I was worried. Something did seem to be wrong with her. When I turned her to me so I could embrace her, I felt how quickly her heart was pounding against her chest. When I pulled away so I could look at her, I found that her skin was so white that it almost glowed in the light of the full moon.
I never react like this. I wouldn't react like this, if I were alright. She told me, and she shook her head rapidly and violently back and forth, as though trying to shake some troublesome thought out of her head. And Maura's gone, and I know that. I saw her die. I was with her when she died. I was right beside her. My head was on her chest. I felt and heard her heart stop beating. I felt and heard her stop breathing, and I know... I know that he's not him. He's not.
Brynn... I grasped her face firmly in both hands and stared into her eyes. When she looked back at me, there was no recognition. All I saw there in her eyes was the same fear that I heard in her voice.
And my mom... She sounded almost as though she were in pain when she mentioned her. She was sick. My whole life, she was sick, and then she was actually sick. My mom She whispered, and tears poured from her eyes, I was so terrible to her. My mom didn't mean it. He was cruel to her, too. And she tried to help me. I think she loved me sometimes after that. After Lucien... and he was floating there... and I didn't know what to do... I screamed and screamed, and when they came running, she screamed at me, and it hurt my ears... Said it was my fault. And he hit me. And it hurt so much worse than I... And he said he'd kill me if it would bring Lucien back, and I was afraid.
Listen to me. Brynna, listen to me. She was falling back down onto her knees even though I was holding her. In a way, it was as though her body was trying to slink its way down onto the ground so she could lie there, unmoving until the attack passed.
Brynna, did you eat the Peace Fruit?
I knew that she hadn't. The reaction she was having certainly could not be classified as peaceful. If she had only just taken it that evening, she would still be feeling the euphoric effects. Just as a precaution, I pulled my sleeve up and felt the skin of her forehead. Immediately, I leaned down to press my cheek to her forehead. Still, it was so cold that I wanted to jerk my hand away. My second reflex was to pull her sweatshirt off so I could see if that cold was throughout her body, and that was when my heart lurched downwards so abruptly that one of my hands flew up to grasp the place where it had only just been. The other covered my mouth in shock.
Brynn... I managed to mutter, Brynna... what happened to you? Oh, my God, what happened to you?!
Down her back were four long, deep scratches, and oozing from them was a black substance that was both frothy and grainy. Intermixed with those cuts and that substance was her own blood. Across her shoulders were several rows of four pinpoints, which had also cut deeply.
Don't move. Stay right here, Brynna! I'll be right back!
Even the speed that we could achieve now that we were super-human was not fast enough. I pushed my body to its absolute limits, ignoring the throbbing pain in my chest from my heart that was protesting the speed. Even as my breaths began to rattle in my throat the way that Brynna's had been, I kept running until I had bombarded back into the party, where the drunken party-goers were still reveling wildly. Around the fire, everyone was gyrating and grinding together in what looked like a massive, standing orgy. Alice, Quinn, and Nick were nowhere to be found, but I did find James. He was sitting with his security friends, dozing in and out of consciousness as the guys around him kept drinking. From the looks of it, he had already out-drank them by at least five huge goblets of wine.
James! I shook his arm.
Hey, baby... A particularly disgusting man whom James knew from security detail cooed at me, Daddy's sleepin,' so why don't you come over here and sit next to me?
Shut up! I screamed viciously, turning around to look at him just so he could see that my eyes were red. James! James, wake up!
He grunted loudly and sat up, looking all around him until his eyes finally found me.
Tell her I already fucked someone else, and she can go fuck herself. Or him. I dont care anymore. He told me, before leaning back in his chair and closing his eyes again. Fucked someone else, and she wasn't like Bry-na, but good 'nuff... His eyes opened again, Don't... tell her I said that. Ruins it
James, she's hurt! She's bleeding, and she's muttering, and something's not right! James, please help her! Get up! I tried to pull him onto his feet, but I wasn't strong enough. James, please get up! Please, she needs you! I need you.
He opened his eyes again and reached out to grasp my arm.
Not mad at you, okay? And I'm not mad at Penny. I'll still be in your lifes. But not hers. Not hers. Not so I can watch her want him.
James, please! I was sobbing now, and pulling on his hand in a display that was almost too pathetic to be acceptable. In fact, it was. I was like a small child, begging her parent to respond to her and barely understanding why he was not. My heart split in desperate, hopeless confusion, even though I understood that he was drunk. But still, that little, innocent, crying child in me asked why he wasn't leaping to help me, why he was saying such cruel things about Brynna, and why he wasn't taking my pleas seriously.
Baby, come on. Come on, baby. Don't cry! The man who had spoken to me earlier had stood up and was sauntering towards me. Come sit on my lap, sweetheart, and tell me about it.
No! Stay away from me! I screamed, and I tripped over another man's foot and splayed out onto the ground. When all of them except for James (who had passed out again) laughed, I realized that he had tripped me on purpose. And when I looked up to see who had done it, I realized that it was Rene, one of Jamess very best friends. My brows furrowed in confusion, but he wasnt looking down at me. I was just about to scream at him for doing it, when the first man started to approach me again.
Let's have a drink, baby. Come here.
The man dropped his massive weight beside me, and it almost felt like the ground had shuddered. My immediate reflex was to start kicking my feet in order to get away from him, but he had been expecting that. With a sloppy reach forward, he grabbed my arm and pulled me back to him, and I was crying for James to wake up, crying for Brynna, screaming at Rene to help me, because he was the only other person I knew there, screaming at the people dancing to the music that was drowning out my screams, screaming for Nick, who was nowhere in sight and who would not have been able to stop him anyway
James! I wailed, James, wake up! Rene! Rene, stop him!
But he just smiled. I couldnt understand it. We had known him since we had moved into the house. We had been neighbors. He had become Jamess very best friend. He always sat with us at dinner, hung out with us on Free Days, and once, he had even helped James fix my dresser when two of the legs fell off. When we came to the city, he had been the first person to say he was going to gather people who would protest Mauras imprisonment, and when I had been crying, he had comforted me. In the woods, he had stuck close by me, sometimes walking me along when Eli needed a few minutes to himself to deal with his own grief. 
I was on my stomach, and the man was behind me, running his meaty hands down the back of my hair, and even more sickeningly, down my back. His friends were whooping and banging the table in unison, rattling the glasses and spilling the wine, and Rene was cheering right along with the other guys and egging my attacker on.
With a painful rip backwards, the man pulled my hair, and my body came up with it reluctantly. In one hand, he grasped a cup of wine, and with the other, he rooted his finger into my mouth so he could pry it open. Instantly, I chomped down on his finger, and he howled in pain but still managed to pour the entire glass (and it was a large one) of wine into my mouth. Sputtering and choking, I spit it all back out, crying out again for James, as my arms swung backwards to hit him, and my body threw itself forward to break free of his iron grasp.
You gonna bite me, bitch?! That fucking hurt! He slammed my face down into the hard, cracked earth and then pulled me back towards him.
JAMES! I shrieked, desperate now. He wouldn't be able to hear me over the sound of his friends banging the table and chanting the man's name. Yes, they were chanting his name, like he was a star athlete getting ready to make the final, most crucial kick in a play-off game, not a repulsive drunken rapist attacking a seventeen-year-old girl who was crying and begging for him to stop.
James, wake up! James, please!
But I knew that it was useless. My eyes squeezed shut, and I breathed heavily, praying that it would be over quickly, praying that he wouldn't kill me to cover it up, remembering what Donovan had done to those women when he was high on the Peace Fruit, remembering how close Penny had come to being one of his victims These men were only drunk, but still, they were acting no less like animals than those who had taken the Peace Fruit. I thought of what I would say if he did decide to kill me, and I knew that I would beg. In an attempt to horrify me further, my mind asked if Brynna had begged. She had been so young. She hadn't understood... But then, I didn't understand.
Oh, my God... oh, my God... I cried, and my tired body gave up, realizing with disgust, shame, and terror that there was nothing I could do to stop him.
I had heard that it was terribly painful. This man would not stop when I cried out in pain. He wouldn't comfort me or tell me that we could stop if it really hurt...
James... I cried again, though in my voice, I heard my own resignation more than I was allowing myself to feel it. Please wake up.
Get ready, baby. Gonna be like nothin'...
His words cut off, and his grip on me released. When I looked up, I saw only a blur of darkness; dark hair, black clothes, and then, a flash of pale white skin. When Caspar bit into his neck, it was not his killing move. No, that came when he ripped the mans head clean from his body. A spray of blood sputtered from the mans neck at first but then streamed upwards and outwards in a violent eruption. My arms flew up to cover my face, at first to shield myself from the blood but then to avoid having my head trampled on by the man's friends, who were running in different directions, stumbling over themselves and screaming their terror to the world with slurred words and guttural, child-like wails.
Caspar grabbed hold of Rene and slammed him down onto the table. After looking up, I saw that the glasses had all broken, and his back was being ground into them.
You tell the rest of them to lock their doors, and pray to the one God that I do not decide to break them down. Caspar snarled, and I became aware of the smell of urine, which I saw had stained the front of Renes pants.
Look at the big man now. Caspar spat at him in nothing short of the most spiteful, condescending, venomous rage.
He let Rene up and then knelt down beside me.
Come on, Violet. He said gently, Up you get. You are alright.
My arms flew around him. Once my face was burrowed against his neck, I began to cry even harder than before. He did not flinch or try to pull away, despite the fact that he barely knew me and should not have been the one having to comfort me. Instead, he held onto me tightly, even cradling the back of my head like I was a small child.
My sister... I gasped out, My sister...
Yes. Your friends took her home when things began to take a drastic turn here. Come on. We should return you to them, as they are all worried, I am sure.
No! My other sister... Brynna!
I pulled away to look at him and saw that his eyes had now flashed with an undeniable tremor of fear.
Where is she?
In the field. Something is wrong with her. Shes got these scratches
Where?
Down her back.
Is she acting erratically? Crying, and then growing very angry, and then
No, shes just crying. But
Caspar grabbed a Pangaean man who was only slightly intoxicated.
Find my mother, and tell her to go to my father and tell him that Brynna has been infected. It is early yet. There is still some hope.
Yes, Prince Caspar. 
Before I could look at him in complete and utter confusion, we were running. Back through the trees, on the path, him making sure that I stayed in the middle, away from the edges where the ash border was. When we broke into the clearing, I saw that Brynna was moving; every couple of seconds, she would attempt to stand up, only to fall right back to the ground. Once she was down, she would either crawl or roll onto her back, her body jerking, convulsing, or just trembling.
I don't want you to. I don't want you to. No, because it hurts me! Why do you do it when it hurts me?! She cried, and I watched her arms cover her chest and drape over her hip region. I won't tell. Just don't do it again. I won't tell.
Brynna... Caspar got down beside her and scooped her up into a sitting position. Brynna, darling...
Maura? Brynna asked, looking off towards the trees. After a second, she reached out in the direction she was looking, Maura, I thought... Worst dream... World ended... and you went to the planet, too, and a man thought you knew things, so he hurt you... He took you away from me... Maura!
Tears were pouring down her face; so many had fallen from her eyes that the front of her shirt was saturated.
Alright, sweetheart. Caspar was addressing me now, The path is too narrow for me to carry her, so you will have to help me walk her along, do you understand? We need to get her to Adam. I nodded, and focused all of my strength into my upper body. If she had been able to carry Adam for miles, I would be able to carry her. After we had gotten her onto her feet, we began to drag her back towards the woods. My eyes caught sight of movement in the darkness, and as we reentered the forest, I saw hundreds of those tree creatures, some male, some female, some children, standing there, watching us with their terrifyingly deep eyes, lusting for us, standing perfectly still and awaiting our foolish reentry into the woods.
Caspar! I exclaimed.
It's alright, darling. Just stay on the path. Don't cross over the ash. We have to stay in a straight line because the path is narrow.
Okay.
We made our way up the path without incident. Knowing that those creatures were all around us sent chills down my spine and forced me to turn my head back and forth between the two sides of the path to see how many of them were there. Caspar was dragging Brynna, who was leaned against his back, and I was merely walking, looking all around us, terrified that one of them would appear suddenly or worse, reach over and grab one of us.
But we made it through, and after clearing the woods, Caspar lifted her into his arms. She was crying still but also hyperventilating now, and I looked up at him desperately, hoping that he would be able to tell me what I could do to help her.
Just let her go. There is nothing you can do.
We hurried along, pushing through the party, jogging up the silent streets until we reached the one that the infirmary was on. Janna was standing with Adam, who was leaning on a cane, at the top of the stairs. When he saw us coming, he threw the can aside and started to shamble down the stairs to get to us.
Darling, you cannot... Janna started to say, but he had taken Brynna abruptly from Caspar and carried her up the stairs before she could even finish her warning.
The warmth of the infirmary almost calmed the terrible panic that I was experiencing. A heaviness came over my eyelids that I could not explain. Perhaps I knew that because she was there with Janna and Adam, she would be alright. Still, I could not leave her until I knew for sure. Once again, I was forced to imagine what our lives would be like without her, only to discover that there was nothing to imagine; we would be unable to carry on if something happened to Brynna. She was the glue that held us together, that always kept us moving, that always had the solutions when the rest of us saw nothing but hopeless emptiness. Penny would never recover. She had taken Maura's death hard enough, but she was young and had already lost her for a long period when Maura had chosen to stay with my father. If Brynna were to die, Penny would not understand the permanence at first, but eventually, the grief would hit her, and within a short period of time, it would consume her.
I realized that I was sobbing only when Caspar rushed over to embrace me.
She is here with him. He assured me softly, She has his love in such abundance, Violet. More than anyone ever has. He will see her through this, I promise you. Come, let us go somewhere else. You should not be here to witness this.
No. I shook my head rapidly back and forth, like my words had not made my aversion to that idea known well enough. I can't! I have to stay with her! I need to stay right here!'
Come on now, my love. Adam was whispering to Brynna as he gently turned her over onto her back. Violet, this is going to escalate very quickly. This is going to be very difficult to witness. I suggest that you take my sons advice and leave here.
I won't. I told them, and when they all looked at me, I could see that they thought me stubborn and foolish, but I didn't care. I was going to stay by Brynna's side until whatever episode they were referring to passed.
Alright. Adam replied, Janna, please fetch me Dr. Miletus. She is the best, Violet. The absolute best. She is the one who treated me. Caspar, go find James.
Janna had left instantly. But Caspar looked at me, kissed my forehead, and then zoomed off out of the infirmary. After that, I was left alone in the room with the man whom Brynna had warned me never to speak to. Awkwardly, I walked over and sat beside the bed, listening to him speaking soothingly to her in his language. His hands rubbed her arms and shoulders, and every once in a while, he leaned down to kiss her cheek. Her cries calmed, her breathing steadied out, her hands came up to first rest on his upper-arms and then to rest on his face. He kissed her palms, and her eyelids drooped; she appeared to be falling asleep. I watched her eyes close, her hands lower, and her head drop sideways slowly until it was rested on the pillow.
There you are. He whispered encouragingly, Good, my love.
Even though her eyes were closed, her hand came up again; she was searching for him. He grasped that hand, leaned closer to her, and wrapped both of his arms around her small body.
Adam... She whispered.
I am right here. I am not going to leave you. I will be here beside you until this is over. He looked up at me, Violet, when did you last see James?
My lip trembled, and my body started shaking as that horrifying memory came back to me suddenly. I had been able to forget it during my panicked quest to get Brynna to the hospital safely. Honestly, the worst part of it hadn't been what had almost happened to me but the fact that James had not woken up to stop it. I felt so abandoned by him, even though I knew he had been drunk. A hollow emptiness filled me up when I thought about it, but it didn't numb me; in fact, it hurt worse than actual pain.
He got drunk. My voice broke, and tears slid out of my eyes without pause. They had a fight, I think. He got drunk, and now he's passed out down there.
His eyes flashed with what can only be described as obviously dangerous fury, but he grasped control of it immediately, for my sake. His hand reached out to grasp mine, and I flinched at first, but then calmed down substantially. I knew that he was going to help Brynna. I knew that he was going to take care of us both, actually.
No matter. He told me, and I knew that he was lying; it mattered greatly to him that James was not beside my sister, where he should have been. We will take care of her together, darling. You and me. Alright?
I nodded and wiped at my eyes.
Adam, is she going to be okay?
Yes. I will not let her die, Violet. I will give my own life, if it means that she will live. What I need you to understand is that this is the calm preceding the storm, as they say. When the doctor arrives, we will have to remove this venom from her. It will take a very long time, and during that process, she will be almost unrecognizable to you. These are going to be the most painful hours of both her life and yours. I believe that you should wait at your home. Stay with Penny, and keep her calm and reassured.
I can't, Adam. I have to stay here with her.
He nodded and squeezed my hand a little tighter.
I know. I knew you would say that. I only wanted to warn you now.
My heart was beating so fast, I was sure it would find itself unable to keep up with the quickened pace, and it would stop all together. When the doctors came in, I tried to stop my tears, but they continued to fall as I anticipated what Adam had said. And the moment they ripped her shirt up the back, it started.
She screamed. I had heard people scream loudly before, as I had witnessed several people in their final moments of life, being ripped apart by the Old Spirits or shot at by the Bachums. But Brynna's scream was shriller, louder, and worse, more desperate than any of those. Her body lurched into a violent series of movements that I knew were attempts to get away, but Adam's grip on her was strong. Of the many words coming out of her mouth at that deafening volume, only a handful were discernible. I managed to make out, stop, no, Maura, and please.
I only realized that I was helping Adam hold her down when my hands came off of her to cover my ears. In that quick space of time, she managed to throw her body upwards, nearly slamming into one of the Pangaean doctors' heads as she did it.
Rexprimus, you must hold her down. He told Adam hurriedly, and Adam forced her back down on her stomach.
If we thought that she couldn't scream any louder, she quickly proved us wrong. If you have ever been standing directly beside an alarm when it goes off, and that deafening wailing begins, you know that your eardrums almost cease to function because the vibrations are too intense. A mild deafness comes over you. It is almost like one of our defenses against the danger that caused the alarm to begin shrieking in the first place fails, because the sound that was meant to alert us is too painful to hear, so we shut off our hearing. Brynna's second scream had a similar effect on me, but this time, I didn't let go of her to cover my ears. Even when she flailed, and writhed, and thrust her body upwards against mine and Adam's hands, neither of us released her. Even when she pleaded, which was the worst, we didn't let go.
I need the glass bottle. The doctor told Janna, who had been pushing Brynna's hair out of her eyes. She let go of her and grabbed it.
Brynn, you're alright. You're alright. I said loudly over her screams when I saw that there were tears streaming down her face.
The doctor smacked the top of the bottle against his open palm until a wad of lotion the size of an egg had formed. Just before he smeared it onto her wounds, I saw in the light for the first time the extent of her injuries.
They were so deep that I was surprised her spinal cord hadn't been severed. The cuts themselves were the darkest shades of red, purple, and black. Her veins were inflamed, streaming from each cut and glowing red through her pale white skin, which was still almost frigid in temperature. The poison was working its way through her system, killing her slowly. I knew that it was poison because that's what Adam had called it. But I still didn't know what had done it. I couldn't imagine a creature that could inflict such terrible injuries. Where had she gone that she had encountered it? I couldn't begin to guess.
 Alright, either keep her like this, or let her turn on her side.
She fell, and her ribs are broken. Adam told us as he delicately turned her onto her side. Her screams had lessened slightly, but she was still crying out and trying to fight. With a little more ease, he was able to hold her down, and I was able to release her for a moment to wipe at my own tearing eyes. Surprisingly, I was not hysterical, despite seeing my sister in such a terrifying state. But the sight of her that way did pain me, and I was crying, however slightly.
I don't want to. I don't like it. I don't want to.
Her screams had stopped, and she was only crying now. Worse than her tears was the pleading tone of her voice; she was begging someone, and I knew who, not to hurt her.
I don't want to. Please, don't. It hurts. And you said not again. You promised! You said not again!
Brynna... I whispered, and now I moved her hair out of her face. My thumbs gently wiped her tears away after I had rested my hands on her cheeks. He's not here. You're safe. He's gone, and he can never hurt you again.
You shouldn't be here. She cried, growing hysterical now. He'll hurt you, too! He said if I ran away, it would be you! You have to leave, Violet! Violet, please! Just run before he comes back! Her eyes moved behind me, and her terrible screams began again. No! Leave her alone! Don't touch her! Please! I'll do what you say! I'll do what you say! Just don't hurt her!
Brynn... It's alright. I cried, and now I was sobbing outwardly. You're fine. It's just us here. I promise. It's alright.
Her willingness to sacrifice herself for me had never been more evident than it was in the face of what to me, was merely a phantom representation of a man who had caused her such unthinkable pain, but to her, was as real as I was, kneeling in front of her right where she could see. The fact that she was begging on my behalf, and even going so far as to tell him that she would allow him to do his worst to her if it meant hed spare me, made my tears fall so quickly that my vision blurred, and my sobs fell from me so forcefully that I could barely breathe.
Her hand jerked out towards me, and I flinched, thinking that she was going to hit me. But she reached right past me, and I realized that once again, she was seeing something.
God, I'm so sorry... Luc, I'm sorry...
There was nothing I could say. Even if she was in her right state of mind, she would be utterly inconsolable. Both of her hands were reaching out to the space beside me, like she wanted to hold him, or like she wanted him to crawl into her arms. My brows furrowed when she brought her arms back to her; she kept them in a circle, almost like she was holding something. Her tears intensified, but she was whispering that she loved him so much. When I looked up at Adam, and he saw that I was confused, he explained softly.
It is real to her. He is right there with her.
I need to dry him off. He's still so cold. It's okay, baby. It's okay, Luc. I'm right here. I'm not going to let it happen again. She managed to gasp out through her sobs. It's okay. I'm watching. I'm going to watch. Luc, it's okay.
But when she closed her arms, as though she were tightening them around him, they collapsed in on themselves suddenly, and she was left sobbing again.
Lucien! She wailed, and she tried to stand up again. I'm sorry, Dad. I'm sorry. Her body tensed like she had received a blow. I'm sorry! Her voice rose to a harsh, terrified shriek. I'm sorry! Daddy, I'm sorry!
You're okay. I told her again, and I was wiping her tears and keeping my forehead pressed to hers. No one is here. No one is hurting you, Brynna. It's just us here.
It was my fault! It was my fault!
It wasn't. It wasn't, Brynna.
Darling, you're alright. Janna told her gently. It is alright.
You!
Her tone changed drastically, and her tears stopped. That fiery red came over her blue eyes, and she sat up, looking at Janna and snarling, baring her fangs.
You didn't stop him! She screamed, and now, I couldn't help it; I had to cover my ears. Beside us on the bedside table, the glass bottle of the lotion the doctor had used shattered, and pieces of it flew outwards. You were afraid?! You were afraid of him?! I was afraid of him! I was terrified of him! I hate you! I hate you for what you let him do! You covered your ears! You covered your ears, you bitch! You BITCH!
Adam forced her back down when she lunged out at Janna. He held her on her side again, and told her softly that it was Janna, not Maura, in the room with her.
He won't be mad at you. She was crying again. He'll know you want to help me. He and Mom won't be mad at you. But you can stop him! He told me I can't tell! But you can! Maura, please!
For a long time, she only cried, and then she made a sound like she was in pain again, which caused all three of us to jump up and look at her. 
Maura, please don't die. I need you. Her sobs intensified, But I need you stay with me!
Her voice dropped, falling from words to a growling sound.
Why didn't you stop him?! Uncover your ears! Take your hands off your ears! Maura!
And so it continued. For hours, she screamed at Michael, both in terror and rage, begging him not to hurt her and admonishing him venomously for being a coward, less than a man, less than a human. Then, she would change instantly and berate herself for not fighting hard enough, for not running away, for being too afraid to tell Mom and Dad.
At one point, when she had gravitated from that deafening, violent rage, back to that great sadness, she mentioned loving something, all of something, and asked someone if they wanted to come back in. After a second, she had smiled. Then she screamed many things after that and cried about many others, and I was so puzzled as to who she could have been speaking to that I couldn't even focus on the things she was saying after that.
The doctors left to give us privacy, saying that they would return when the cream on her back had dried. By then, they explained, the venom would have been pulled to surface, and it would be ready to be sucked out.
Sucked out? I asked, looking horrified. I would do it if I absolutely had to, but the thought of it turned my stomach.
I will do it, Violet. Adam told me before I could dwell on how disgusting it was for too long. She saved my life, and now I will save hers.
As if sent specifically to make that action impossible, James came bursting through the door. Brynna had begun to calm; her shrieks of accusatory rage were less forceful, her sobs were no longer choking her, and her fear had almost died away completely once Adam had begun whispering to her in his language again. But the sound of the door being burst through, and the deafening bang it made against the door-stop in the wall, sent her shooting up into a sitting position with a deafening scream that not only startled me but rattled me, too.
During the moments when she was so afraid, she had begun to try to run. Once, she had insisted that they were after Penny and that she had to get to her. When Adam refused to let her up, she swung at him, attempting to hit him anywhere she could until the nightmare of Penny being hurt had passed. Now, she was doing the same, except this time, Adam had been unprepared, and she actually was able to dodge his grip on her and get off of the bed.
What happened?! James demanded.
Get her! Adam bellowed, when Brynna tried to run past him, Do not touch her back!
James stopped Brynna from running and pulled her back to the bed as gently as she could. Twice, she sunk her teeth down into his shoulder, as her front was pressed to his, and he was walking her along so that she was walking backwards. As her hands pushed his chest with all that was left of her draining strength, her head turned so she could bite into his throat. Janna reached up and pulled her away before she could get the chance. Together, she and James laid her back down on her side.
What happened? James asked again, as Brynna moaned softly, crying again. Baby... He touched her face and wiped her tears away. Is someone going to answer my question?!
Maxwell, if you had been fulfilling your duty to her, you would know that already. Adam said to him in a voice that was trembling dangerously, Moreover, this would not have happened. She was pushed into the woods, did you know that? I will venture to guess that you do.
You think I did it?! You think I would do something like that?!
You've done it before. Adam snarled at him, Do you not remember when I had to save her from you?!
You son of a bitch, don't you fucking tell me... James reached out and grabbed hold of Adam's shirt, and Adam grabbed his wrist and twisted, which did not cause James as much pain as it would have if Adam was well.
She told me! She told me that she was pushed, and that someone ran away, leaving her to face the trebestia on her own! As soon as she comes to her senses, I will know that it was you, and even if she begs me to spare you, as she always does, I will end you!
You can try! James snapped at him, Just fucking try! You're crippled, you stupid son of a bitch! I'll wipe the floor with you!
Yes, that thought must comfort you greatly, but it is a lie! But please, believe it. Take confidence in it. I will have your greatest fear when I am ripping your head from your body, and you will live. For seconds after that, you will live! And you will know what I have done!
Stop!
It was not me who had screamed, and it was not Janna, but together, we looked at her in utter shock. Something cognizant had come over Brynna, despite the fact that she was still crying, muttering to herself softly, shaking terribly, and struggling to turn over so she could look at them.
Hey. James let go of Adam and sunk down onto his knees so he could get at eye-level with Brynna. Hey, baby. I'm sorry it took me so long.
Where is Adam? She asked softly, tremulously. James looked up at Adam, who somehow managed to suppress any trace of the smirk I knew he had to have been fighting.
He's here, baby. James was able to suppress any anger he felt at her for asking that question. Violet is here, too. And Janna.
And you. Her hand came out to grasp his face. I thought they got you, too. Because you came after me. A hiccupping sob escaped her, and her tears started to fall again. You told me to run, and I didn't want to, but you made me. And I had to leave you... And they got you... I looked back... James...
When she sat up and reached out to him, he pulled her the rest of the way so she wouldn't strain herself. Then, his arms enveloped her, and he burrowed his face into her neck as she did the same to him.
It's okay. Baby, you're okay now.
Are you really here? She asked him through her tears.
I am. I'm right here, baby. That was just a bad dream. It was just another nightmare, sweetheart.
That house... She murmured, That house is bad.
I know. But you're home. You're safe with us again.
This won't stop. Every time I think I'm back, it comes over me again. Adam's voice keeps it away. She turned herself over with great difficulty at first, but James maneuvered her gently so she could face him. With a trembling hand, she reached out to Adam, who knelt beside her bed and took her hand. You kept it away... The darkness.
Of course I did. Your pain was too much for me to bear.
Brynna nodded, and tears fell from her eyes again.
I hate it when you two fight. She whispered, You don't have to like each other. But I love you, She said to James, and I am so fond of you. She said to Adam, I adore you, because you proved how good you are. I am so thankful that you and I were able to overcome my animosity towards you.
Adam smiled and kissed her hand.
I am, also. All it took was being viciously attacked by a group of Old Spirits, and Shadows, and a dark giant, followed by you having to carry me for miles.
What happened? What happened with the Old Spirits? James asked, his eyes only on Brynna. I had a feeling that he was only addressing her.
Yes, but I... Almost compulsively, she began to shake her head back and forth. James, don't go into the house again. James, please stay here with me. I think they are gone. They're gone, I think. James, don't go!
Baby, I'm here. He was telling her hurriedly as she started to pull backwards, out of his grasp.
Lay her down. Not on her back. Adam told him, almost gently.
Honey, I'm right here. We're both here; we're not out there. That house wasn't real, baby. Adam was helping him lay her back down because she was beginning to writhe and convulse slightly again.
There has to be something to stop this! James told Adam, with more frenzied panic in his voice than I ever expected him to show. How long has this been happening?
Six hours. Adam answered grimly. When his intense green eyes (Caspars eyes) met James's, I understood that the bluntness of his tone when he answered was the result of his desire for James to know the toll his drunkenness had taken, and that he, meaning Adam, had had to take care of his girlfriend while he was passed out. Though I was furious with James, certainly, I felt badly for him; there was no way he ever could have known after they had had their fight that she would wind up stomping off into the woods, or being pushed, which Adam had suggested actually happened.
Just tell me what I can do. James told him softly, Just tell me there is something that I can do for her. If there's something out in the woods, over the ash circle that I can get, just tell me what it is, and I'll go.
Yes. You are very skilled at running, James, but not very skilled at staying by her side. Adam told him with a snide smile, I have gotten her this far without incident.
I have to go get Penny. I need to go get Penny! They're taking her! It's dark, and she's scared of the dark! They're taking her away from me! And it's dark, and I can't see them! Where did they take her?! PENNY! She screamed, and the tears began to fall from her eyes again. A moan of desperate, primal terror escaped her, and then, her chest lurched upwards; her head was tilted back at first, but then, it snapped up so that she was looking straight ahead. As if that sudden, unnatural movement wasn't disturbing enough, her eyes started to roll around in their sockets, and her cries intensified to a high-pitched scream. Her tears flowed freely like two parallel rivers just fed by heavy rainwater; I didn't know how she had any fluid left in her body after how much she had cried.
Maura! Maura! Get Penny from them! She screamed, Maura, don't go in there! I want Penny back! Penny! Penny!
Her arms grasped the bed in front of her and pulled. Her legs twisted backwards abruptly so that she could maneuver herself onto her knees. All the while, James and Adam argued, barely aware that the person they were arguing over was getting ready to make a run for it with the last of her strength and completely against her own will.
They're calling me. She whispered so softly that I had to kneel down to hear her. Mom, and Maura, and Lucien, and Penny... They're calling me to come get her. They don't want her to die, too. My Penny... Her voice dropped even lower, I'll go if she can come back.
You think when she wakes up, and hears what has transpired over this time... Adam began.
She just woke up, and she understands! She knows we had a fight, and that I was pissed! We fight every other day, and we always make up, and you need to get used to that. You need to come to grips with the fact that you are never going to have her. I have her; she wants me. That is never going to change! You think you two went through shit?! Let me tell you something: she and I have been through far worse, and that's why we're still together. Because we overcame more than you can ever imagine, considering you've sat up there in that city that's now burned to nothing, on a throne, doing nothing! You get in one fight, and she had to fight your way out of it, didn't she, because you were too injured?!
You speak of your woman in such possessive terms, Maxwell. I cannot begin to imagine what she would say if she heard you speak that way. And if I want her, I will have her!
Guys... I muttered.
That's what you think?! I should rip your fucking heart out for saying that! You make one move towards her, and I will! You're not going to say to my face that you're going to take her away from her family and from me against her will! You're not going to say that you're going to give her no choice! I will rip you apart! You will not steal her away from me!
Oh, you mindless bastard... Adam actually laughed, How pathetic you are, that you do not see. I would not have to steal her!
I'll go in the house with you, and she can leave. Brynna whispered, and she nodded at someone with those tears streaming from her eyes. Yes. I'll stay.
Guys!
But it was too late. Her head twitched up so she was looking straight ahead at the door, and her eyes rolled back down so she could see. Her breathing hitched in her throat, and because my power involved controlling feelings and sensing them all around me, I knew exactly what she felt: that violent, uncontrollable rage, louder and more damaging than a holy storm; that dense, draining sadness that was so hollow and yet so full of pain and grief; and that fear, so paralyzing and so reactionary, terrifying her beyond anything we can fathom and driving her to both stay put, where she could wallow in it, and run towards it, to fight and kick and cry and scream, hoping that it could be beaten and her life could be saved.
She hated you! She told me that! She hated you for what you've done, and sooner or later, she is going to see you for what you are, and you're going to be nothing to her all over again!
I'm going to be nothing to her? Let me make something very clear to you, that perhaps has escaped your attention. Perhaps you just do not want to imagine this, but you will now: You think I somehow convinced her to let me touch her in the woods, but it is not so, James Maxwell. She told me to touch her, and then she took my hand, and she slid it down b
GUYS!
But my shout sent her flying forward. Over the time that she had been sobbing and fighting to get up, a small pocket of strength had thrived still within her. It was with that inhuman strength that she was able to summon the energy to run forward at that pace only we could achieve.
James had lunged over the bed at Adam, but when she ran out of the door, they immediately forgot their argument and took off after her, but they were not as quick as I was. Over the circle, I could see those woodland creatures lurking, watching and waiting; I could almost feel their blind, desperate desire for her to run over the circle. It dawned on me as I ran behind her that they had marked her with their venom; after they had scratched and bitten her, they didn't think that she would make it over the circle in time, and perhaps they could not eat their prey while that poor creature was sane and able to fight. I couldn't discern the exact reason, but they had known that even if she made it across, the madness that their venom had inflicted on herthose three terrible, powerful emotionswould drive her back over the borderright back towards them.
But they had not factored me into their plan. Because she was so quick, I could only stay just behind her but never quite reach her completely. Every time I reached out to grab a hold of her arm, she jerked away, screaming that they were going to kill Penny. But she was getting closer and closer to the circle, and I had to stop her. The second she stepped over, that would be it. They would drag her into the darkness before they ripped and tore into me, marking me the same way. I didn't care about the last part; I just had to stop her, so I did it the only way I knew how.
I slid up the dirt path on my knees until I was level with her, and then jerked sideways in the same moment so my feet tripped hers out from under her. She crashed onto the ground, sliding forward slightly and smacking her face against the dirt path. For a moment, she moaned in pain and laid there, slightly disoriented. But then, a scream escaped her, and she was attempting to get back onto her feet so she could continue running. But I was too quick for her; I lunged forward and dropped my knees onto the backs of her thighs and my hands onto the backs of hers, pinning her to the ground hard.
No! No! She wailed, and James and Adam had finally caught up to us. I got off of her, still holding her arms behind her back as James attempted to turn her over. Her feet were flailing around; she was like a spider that had been flipped over onto its back, but in this case, it was her stomach that was pressed into the ground.
Don't hurt her. Be careful with her. I ordered James when he turned her over abruptly. He hadn't meant to hurt her, but she was fighting so violently that he had no choice but to use force.
Brynna, He said, only somewhat firmly. I could see that he was rattled. Brynna, that's enough. Come on. I need to get you back inside, baby. You need to stop.
NO! She shrieked at him, and her eyes turned over red, I want Penny! I need to get Penny! Don't touch me! She brought her hand back, gritting her teeth in hot, animal rage, and tried to claw him hard across the face.
Brynna, that's enough! Adam raised his voice, and even I jumped. I am sorry. He told me hurriedly. She stopped fighting, and immediately began to sob hysterically.
But I have to get her! Why are you yelling at me?! I didn't want to do it.
Darling, I am sorry... He started to say as James lifted her into his arms. Her weight dropped completely but he didn't stumble, nor did his arms falter. Not only was she thin, so turning into dead weight didn't affect him, but he was remarkably stronger than the rest of us, so he was able to carry her with ease.
Don't. I told Adam gently. She listened. She's going to be upset right now and think that you're trying to hurt her or that you're being mean, but when she wakes up, she'll thank you. I slid his arm over my shoulder, noticing for the first time that his wound had reopened and blood had spilled out onto his shirt.
I do not like having your sister's fear, Violet. Or her resentment. Or her pity. Or her anger. I much prefer the look in her eyes that she had when she was speaking to me moments ago. I have never seen such a look. It nearly brought me to my knees.
If Nick said something like that to me, I would fall over myself in a ridiculous but delightful swoon. I looked up at Adam, befuddled by the fact that I had never noticed how very attractive he was. Obviously, my sister and I had different tastes in men, but I could say one thing: Just because she liked them old doesn't mean that she didn't like them attractive... Adam and James were attractive in two very different ways, but still, I could see why she was so enamored with both of them, though her entrancement with the former was new and unwelcome, I knew. Despite my love for James, which was present and powerful even though I was angry at him, a part of me was rooting for Adam. A part of me cared deeply for him, for reasons that I couldn't fathom at that time.
I do not like him. You do not know of the hatred that I have for him. He continued, He is selfish, and would sacrifice her life in order to save his own without hesitation. Yes, he has aided her in fights for their lives, but if the real choice was there, he would save himself. And then I would kill him. If harm befalls your sister at his hands, or because of his despicable cowardice, I will kill him.
I would want you to if that happened, Adam. I wouldn't stop you. I found myself whispering, and I couldn't believe, and yet I could, that those words had come out of my mouth. Immediately, I tried to rectify them. But I disagree with you. He loves her, and he has put her above himself many times. He adores her; they're just having issues.
Perhaps he does. I know that she loves and adores him. He is undeserving of her love and trust. As am I. As are most men. She is far too brilliant, and far too beautiful in body, mind, and soul to be with him, especially, and with me, especially. But I have a feeling I would not approve of any man.
You would have her be alone forever because you're jealous? I asked, and my newly developed high opinion of him took a very slight dive.
Of course not. That is why I do not kill him now. I would rather be envious than for her to be in terrible danger, which she would be, if she were mine. I will take this terrible... He grunted in pain when I helped him onto the steps, envy over her being harmed.
I don't know why, but I had a sudden urge to say something. It was random and strange, but it was something that I felt had to be said.
You're a good man, Adam. You've proven that. And she feels differently towards you now. Whatever you two experienced out there, it has changed her entire opinion of you.
I know that it has. And if you knew what we had experienced, you would understand why.
I looked up at him and said:
I already do understand.
And though it was slight, he smiled.
***

Adam insisted that he remain in the room with Brynna while he was being stitched back up. She was quieter, only whimpering softly now. It was after James had laid her down and covered her up with the blanket on the bed that I walked outside. Nothing could have calmed my nerves like breathing in the crisp night air, and once I was outside, leaning against the edge of the porch, I immediately began to feel my heartbeat slowing and my breathing steadying. 
She is quiet now.
I didnt even jump, because something told me that he would be coming. I turned around to find that he was sitting on the bench just outside, holding a black cigarette between his long, white fingers.
Yeah. I said, and I walked over to sit beside him. I think its almost out of her system.
Yes. It will be soon once they suck it out of her. That is not pleasant, Violet. That is almost as brutal as all that she has suffered so far.
I dont care. Im going to be there. Ive come this far.
Of course you have, Violet. And from what my father has said, you have done well.
Your father I murmured in disbelief. Adam is your dad.
Yes.
And Janna is your mom?
Yes.
I dont think Brynna knows that Adam is married.
Why should it matter?
You know that it matters.
Yes. He admitted, and he took a long inhale on his cigarette. I know that it does, but I do not know why. He and my mother have never seen eye to eye, as your lot says. Since I was a little boy, they have not lived together. I see him but once a year, but that is also because my work takes me all over our fair Purissimus. This is the most time that we have spent together, and is that not funny? Now that his beloved city is destroyed, he has no choice but to be where he should have been all along. But you know all about this, dont you? You can sympathize with all of this?
Maybe a little bit. My dad was around, but I kind of wish he hadnt been now. He never did anything to me, but he was brutal to Brynn. God, I remember this one time about six years ago when he slammed her head into the floor so hard that Maura had to carry her to the car to take her to the hospital. So, see? Were a little different. You wished your dad was around, and I wish he would have stayed away more. The only thing I can say for him was that he was good with my mom. She drank a lot, and shed get really hysterical when she was drunk. Shed try to hurt herself, and shed try to hurt him sometimes, too. He always managed to get her into her room and lock her in. He went through there every day to make sure she hadnt hid anything to use to hurt herself. Id always try to talk to her through the door, but he would make me leave. He knew she wouldnt want me to see her like that. Or hear her when she was like that, I mean. I stopped, and self-consciously tucked a piece of hair behind my ear.
Ive never told anyone that. I said, and he smiled slightly as he looked at me.
I think you win. That is far worse than anything I have experienced.
I didnt know we were competing.
We were not, but if we were, you would win.
No. I said, and I shook my head, It sounds like youve had it really rough, too.
And you have never told your boyfriend these things?
I stopped and thought about it. With slight horror at the thought, I realized that I had never talked in detail about all that had happened in our family. He knew that Luc had died, our family blamed Brynna, and she suffered the brunt of their rage as a result, but I hadnt told him how any of that had related to me. It was strange, to say it all out loud. It was especially strange to be saying it all out loud so freely to Caspar, whom I had only just met.
No. I answered, Maybe I should. But I just dont want to.
And yet you tell me.
Well, sometimes people tell strangers things that they never tell anyone else.
Am I a stranger? Truly? A stranger? Even after all we have experienced in our short time knowing one another?
I giggled at how jokingly offended he was.
I guess youre not. My smile faded, and I reached out and grasped his hand. Thank you for helping me tonight. I dont know what would have happened to me if you hadnt come. And I know for a fact that Brynna would be dead. Thank you so much, Caspar. I dont know what I can do to repay you for what you did
You will do nothing, darling. I am happy that I was able to help, and I am thrilled that I was able to kill the man who was harming you. If you desire for the others to be killed for encouraging him, I will gladly spill their blood for you. Or we may spill it together.
No. Its okay. I said, Its just I cant believe Rene let them do that. I dont think he was that drunk, and hes Jamess best friend. Hes been a constant presence in our lives since we moved into Dons house last year. Maybe he was drunk, and for some reason, I just dont remember
Was Rene the one whom I was able to grab before he scampered off? The one who lost control of his bladder?
Yes.
Well, I cannot say whether or not he was drunk, or how drunk he was, but I can say that you more than likely will not be seeing him around. I also believe, if I may be so bold as to say so, that your sisters partner deserves a scolding from both you and your sister.
That is not too bold. I said darkly. Its true. I know he was drunk, and thats why he didnt help me. Its not an excuse, but it kind of is, you know? He said that he had sex with someone else. He cheated on her. I have to tell her, Caspar. I cant keep that a secret, even though God knows hell tell me to.
Yes. Caspar agreed, You must tell her. But not now. Not until she is released from here. She is taking comfort in both him and my father, so he should remain with her until this is over.
They just got back together yesterday, and hes already messed it up. I love him so much. How could I not after everything? But I dont know if I can keep forgiving him for hurting her. It seems like here of late, he hurts her more than he makes her happy. God, everything is so messed up I sighed heavily and sat back against the back of the swing. My eyes fell on the cigarette he was holding.
Would you like one? He asked, They are very relaxing.
What is in them? Why are they black?
They are black because the opian leaves within them are black, and because they are flavored with black berries. They are called Black Beauties, because it is said that the first time the two were mixed together and smoked at night, those who had smoked them could see every shade of darkness on all sides of them and above them, and yet it was not frightening. It was divine. Here. He took the cigarette from his lips and handed it to me. Unsurely, I brought it to my lipsall the while trying not to think that his had only just been on itand took a very small inhalation of it. Almost instantly, my muscles relaxed, and though my mind stayed perfectly clear, there was not a hint of any desire to keep moving, to panic, to think at all. I just felt so perfect right where I was. Leaning back, I put my feet up onto the wooden railing of the porch and looked up at the sky. The lights on the porch had dimmed, and there was a cool darkness all around us, and I could see it for miles. With just that one tiny puff, I could see it, and Caspar was right; it wasnt scary in the slightest. In fact, a smile was on my lips, and there was a smile on his lips, too. We laughed softly, and passed the Black Beauty in between us, grinning as that darkness turned to light within our eyes and then turned back again, as the stars twinkled and extinguished, only to be relit again, and as we slept even though we were wide awake.  

Brynna

You know what happened after I returned to Janna's village, but you do not know how I came to be in such a state. It began immediately after mine and Don's makeshift press conference, which was more reminiscent of the town-hall meetings through which I used to love to watch my mother stumble. I had not stumbled, as you very well know.
After the meeting had concluded, a large celebration came under way. That is when James and I slunk off to have what I knew would be a most spiteful argument, and spiteful it was, with me shouting in defense of my honor, saying that my meeting with Adam had been strictly business, and that I would never commit the same infidelity I had witnessed my parents committing for all the years of their marriage. He said that none of that mattered, and that the only thing that did matter was that I could not stay away from Adam.
Of course I cannot! I had shouted, He has a leash on Don. Don will allow this place to fall into a state of even more tumultuous chaos, if I do not put a stop to it! Adam will help me do that!
Are you out of your mind?! Do you really think I believe that?! Yes, all of a sudden, you care so much for other people. No, baby, I've known you too long to believe that bullshit. I know how you are; it's you, Penny, Violet, and sometimes, it's me and Eli, and that's it. That's as far as your concern for other people goes, and you know what? Sometimes, it's just about you. In fact, most times, it's just about you. So don't pull this civil servant bullshit with me! You were with him because you wanted to be with him!
You don't know anything about me if you believe that or any of the other things you have just said! And is that really what you think of me?!
Yes, Brynna, it is! And you know it's true. You know that deep down, you're just a self-centered, cold-hearted bitch, and that is never going to change. And now, do you know what is really funny? He had actually laughed slightly in his rage that he could barely contain. Now, we can throw 'whore' on top of that! After all that time you spent holding off, now you're just a whore!
My first inclination was to slap him. Then, I would begin screaming in insane, uncontrollable fury all the terrible things I thought about him. He was a liar, with not one honest bone in his body. He was a coward, who had been unable to tell Adam outright that he could not have me, and had he ever actually said that Adam could not have me? But James was braced for both a physical and emotional attack when I walked towards him, but he need not have been, for something in those words had stung me down to my core, and I could barely find the will to keep that rage alive inside of me, let alone lash out in response to it. Strangely enough, the first course of action that my body wanted to take was to let some more long-held tears pour from my eyes. In horror, I realized that he had (do I dare?) injured my barely existent feelings. My emotions were still so raw and frazzled, banging about inside of my chest and skull in an almost elated frenzy; for some reason, they reminded me of a mental patient freed from a straitjacket, running through his cell, thrilled to be freed, but desolate, knowing that he was still locked inside of a dark room with limited space. Instead of yelling back at him, I sighed and shook my head slightly.
You and I are finished, aren't we? I asked him after a long moment of silence.
Yes. He hissed dangerously. In fact, Brynna, I don't think we were ever back on. I should have left you on your own when you got back. Once again, I was too good to you. All that time, you were probably thinking of him, weren't you? Every time I touched you, you probably imagined that it was him!
No, James. I told him, and now, I was turning away. Of course I did not.
You're a liar. And I thought that lying was so far below you! He laughed again, Good luck to you, my dear. I warned you about him, and now he's just going to take from you until there's nothing left. He'll drain everything out of you, so you'll plead with him, and barter everything that you have ever loved until there is nothing left to give him but your life, and then he'll snatch that from you without hesitating, and all you'll be thinking is how stupid you really are; how you, the great and powerful Brynna Olivier, who is so smart, and so magically savvy, is just as stupid as everyone else. And I'm just going to sit back and watch it happen.
Now that anger had been prodded at and bothered for a long enough time, and it needed to make itself known once again but not in an explosion of rage. Rather, a quiet, razor-sharp insult would do the trick.
Well, you would know all about bartering everything you love in exchange for your life, wouldn't you, James?
When we say things that we know someone else will jump all over, we immediately realize it, and begin crafting a response that will remedy the hypocrisy or the obvious mistake. Sure enough, James had found his response, and it was one that ripped into me further, far more deeply and far more cruelly than I ever could have imagined.
No. I don't. He said to me, in the same tone of quiet condescension and with an obvious desire to wound me terribly.
It was so simple, and yet it ripped me apart. He stormed away with another loudly muttered insult about what a promiscuous woman I was, heading back towards the sounds of the party, which were growing louder by the minute as the festivities began to get under way.
As if that argument were not enough, another man showed up to fight with me, and his rage could not be contained after mere moments of conversing. How could I have done it, he demanded. How could I have gone against everything he said? I demanded to know why she was in his mind. During the last seconds of our fight, I had begun to notice a shift in the forest surrounding the path. There was a whispering that I believed was the wind at first. But soon, I could discern the deep manly inflections, the high-pitched womanly ones, and the even higher-pitched voices of children. Together, they swirled and rose to a unified hiss, though the volume was still so low that I could successfully convince myself that my anger at those two men was making me hallucinate. The darkness and the eerie vastness of the trees surrounding me aided my imagination in dreaming up phantom voices and their spectral beholders.
But then, after I said that no matter what, she would never want him, and his hands shoved me hard in the back, and I went hurtling with almost too much force over the ash-circle, only silence had greeted me. There had been no voices. Though his tennis shoes banging into the dirt as he ran away told me that my cowardly assailant had taken off on foot, I did not stand up to chase him, though I certainly wanted to harm him violently. Instead, my pupils expanded and then elongated so that I could see in the darkness. Movement ahead of me seemed to come from two different directions, and my head jerked back and forth almost by its own will to see who or what was trying to come towards me. Bracing for the attack, I moved up so I was standing crouched over, with my hands on the ground, still looking all around me for the appearance of a person or beast, or a combination of the two.
When my eyes first fell on her, I startled so terribly that I actually gave a yelp of surprise. Her face was terribly swollen, and her burns made her almost unrecognizable, but her light red hair was enough of an indicator of her identity: Maura.
Brynna... She cried, and her voice was clear despite her injuries, but seemed to float and expand to form strange, invisible layers that rose and fell seemingly with the wind that had begun to swirl.
My throat locked up, and my breathing ceased immediately. My eyes that had been wide before found room to widen further. I stammered over her name when I attempted to say it aloud. Somewhere inside of me, my heart, which had broken free of the arterial restraints that kept it firmly locked in my chest, sent blood spattering erratically with every impossibly quick beat.
It was impossible. She was dead.
Wasn't she?
Maura. I finally managed to whisper.
Please stop them. Please, they're...
A sound even more terrible than her worst scream (which I could still remember clearly and which drove me to experience terrible chills and a pitiless feeling of self-loathing every time I heard it echoing around inside of my head) escaped her when black shadow hands wrapped around her, and pulled her into the darkness with an abruptness and a force almost too impossible to wield. Because a moment of weakness took hold of me then, and because I believed, despite the sheer impossibility of it that she might have survived, that someone might have pulled her out of the burning building, revived her, and then taken her hostage, given my new position and how important she was to me, I ran after her, putting space between myself and the village even though I knew, beyond any doubt that could possibly excuse my stupidity, that straying too far would mean that I would almost certainly meet my death.
Maura! I screamed.
NO! NO! STOP! She was wailing far off in the distance, and I should have known that it was a trick, and I should have known that she was dead. My head had been rested against her chest when her heart had stopped beating, and I had listened as her lungs expelled her very last breath. I had felt my anger at her abate as her soul left her, and I had believed that she had taken it from me. I had understood why what happened with Michael had happened, and though I would continue to carry the scars he had left, I would not carry the ones she had inflicted on me with her cowardice and self-interest. I had understood, finally, that she loved me, but she had been afraid, and though the latter was no excuse, there simply was no use holding onto my rage when she had struggled for so long to make amends. When she had been drunk, she had been spewing venom that she did not mean. When she awoke, she was always terribly remorseful, and I had always ignored her pleas for my understanding and forgiveness.
All of those thoughts were ricocheting around my brain, hitting the part that drove me to run faster with startling accuracy. I could feel myself getting nearer to her, and I could hear her screams getting louder, so that when I finally burst into the clearing where I knew she was, I was already screaming at them not to hurt her.
But there was nothing there, nothing except a large black house built from wood that had long since decayed. The only thing in tact was the black-shingled roof, but the windows were broken, their shutters hanging off or fallen down completely. The pillars on the porch were snapped, letting the awning beneath the windows hang down completely, partially blocking the entrance. In one of those broken windows, I could see a dim, flickering light. There was someone in there, and I could hear Maura sobbing my name still.
No. I said aloud, Maura is dead. She is dead. Her voice...
Her voice had not been human. Some terrible Pangaean creatures were trying to trick me and were doing so successfully. Adam had alluded to some danger lurking in the forest that surrounded Janna's village; the ash circle kept them out, whoever or whatever they were.
With sickening dread, I realized by instinct, not from Seeing, that I had stumbled right into their nest.
Her screams were still sounding loudly, pulling me forward, urging me to rescue her, even if I would only be saving her ghost. What if it was her spirit? Alice and Quinn had told me what had happened to her mother and father, how they had been trapped inside the Shadows, in some torturous purgatory of which I did not know nor wanted to imagine. The clawing, ripping, shrieking feeling of foreboding was pounding its fists into my fallen heart, but I could not shake that tremble in my body that had seized me as I listened to Alice's tale. If Maura was trapped, for whatever reason, in whatever creature, somehow, some way, I had to save her. I did not owe her, and yet I did.
Like every fool in every fable ever written, I defied common sense. I ignored the instincts and enhanced Knowing bestowed upon me by God or the Gods. I climbed the creaking stairs of that house and pushed the door open.
The wooden door was lighter than it looked. My hand only gently pushed it, and yet it banged back against the wall, revealing an endless blackness too unnatural to be of our world. My feet began to back away, forcing my body to retreat before my mind had even fully grasped that retreating was absolutely necessary. But before I could even begin to turn away, I was sucked inside by a backwards wind, and though my weight immediately dropped onto the floor just in front of the door, that wind did not cease. Ahead of me was a strange, swirling light, and in front of it were what appeared to be five and a half people. All around me, the house seemed to throb, ebbing and flowing with movement that was as alive as I was. The wood seemed to breathe out and in; in fact, those breaths seemed to make up the wind that had pulled me inside and was still churning savagely around me.
That swirling light was mystifying, because it was not of either world I knew. The multiple colors inside of it renounced all things I knew about the heavenly light, but then, I had never believed those stories, anyway. I did know, as only I could, that the light before me was a portal to death, and to something else, too, but what that something was, I could not quite discern. What I also knew was that from it, those five and half figures had been thrown. Not only had they been thrown, but they had been thrown back.
I am sure that you have guessed their identities. The one closest to the throbbing wall on the left turned to face me first. It was Maura, and I have already described to you how horrifyingly deformed she looked, with her burns and bruises. The second was my mother, whose face was obscured by a bag that had been placed over her head. I recognized her by her nature, and by the fact that I could see a piece of her chestnut brown hair beneath that hood. Her hands were tied behind her, and I could have sworn, though this was impossible, that I saw a rope tied around her neck, not like a noose, because it was too sloppily tied, but certainly similar to one. I had only seen her cry when she was drunk, and when that happened, her sobs were boisterous and deafening, and I had always been terribly irritated by them because she looked and sounded like an overgrown child. Plus, the display had been utterly pathetic. But now, as she cried softly, I could hear desperation and terror that were plain and utterly gut-wrenching; they were the last and most vicious desperation and terror experienced by those being tossed from the world by the hands of others instead of being taken gently by the hand of He or She or They who had put them there.
My heart, still fallen, screamed with the rawest, most despairing pleas to save her, and I wanted to, so much that the thought provoked what felt like unstoppable tears to rush into my eyes until they froze, petrified, on the brim. I was petrified, my whole being, knowing now what I had only guessed at before: She had not died quickly.
A male voice seemed to emanate behind her, and it was trembling, too. Though I could not see him, because there was only darkness behind her, despite that bright, colorful light, I knew that it was John, and he was telling her softly and tremulously, through tears of his own, that she was going to be alright, and that he loved her, and that he would be right behind her...
The third person was the smallest one, and he was still dripping wet and shivering, and his face was contorted to show that his sobs would be loud if only he could stop choking on the torrents of water that were gushing from his mouth, where his lips had turned blue and frozen into that endless cry of terror. Lucien. The sight of him brought me to my knees, and those tears that had somehow stopped themselves before began to fall.
 One was no worse than the last, but the sight of the next person provoked the most primal terror in me while also shocking me the most harshly.  
He was still in his prison uniform, but it was covered in his blood and even more disgustingly, parts of his dripping skin. On his face, parts of his skin had fallen away, leaving nothing but fatty, bloody tissue to look at; his nose had completely burnt off and only a hollow space remained. Even from where I was standing, I could see that the whites of his eyes had turned completely red. His dark hair had fallen out, and his breathing was heavy and labored, but still, he managed to smile at me the way he always had, with satisfaction and with lust, both so disgusting and so harrowing that it caused bumps to rise over every inch of my skin and chills to caress me dreadfully. His voice was ragged, indicative of how sick the infection from his burns had made him, but I heard distinctly what he was saying over and over again:
My pretty girl.
And the last was my father, pulling his belt off and shouting at me, though I could barely hear what he was saying over the whir of the vortex behind him. It was strange, that I could hear what remained of Michael's voice, but that I could not hear my father's shouts.
But my father was not dead. I knew that, because every time I pictured his face, my heart recognized a very real, still very dangerous threat to my safety. My instincts sprung to react, unlike when I pictured Michael; during those times, I felt nothing but a repulsive cocktail of the most treacherous feelings, including fear, disgust, regret, guilt, sadness, and self-loathing, just to name a few. But there was no urge to change over, to fight even though the threat was not in my presence. And in knowing that, I knew that what I was witnessing was not real. The owners of that moving house were playing tricks on me. They were feeding on my fear, and as I looked at and contemplated the fate of each person and the role I had played in each, those owners began to pull out of the wooden walls, to take their true forms again. They were the tree-people that my sister had described. They were who Janna and her people feared and kept out of their village with that circle of ash. Here, though, they were only shadows; they had no need to take their strange form when I had strayed right into their trap.
Quickly, they were all around me, slowly moving closer and closer, restricting the space that I had to breathe. 
Brynna... Brynna...
Only my mother was addressing me in a voice that did not echo.
Run! She screamed.
And that was all it took to break that terrible spell they had put me under. I barreled past two of them that were blocking the door, and though they merely stumbled sideways slightly, it was enough space for me to squeeze through. The air outside had never smelled, tasted, or felt so wonderful; I had not realized it, but the air inside of that cabin was tight, hollow, and reeked of death.
With every bit of my non-human strength, I had run. Feeling their presences behind me and hearing their whispering voices all around me only drove me to move faster. I did not know where I was running, but I knew I just had to find the ash circle. I had been so distracted by my fear for Maura that I had not marked my path. The creatures were not running; they were moving from tree to tree. I could see their faces emerging from the trunks all around me, and the branches of those trees moved with a natural, albeit very quick, movements to reach down towards me.
When the torches that lined the path into Janna's village came into view, I somehow managed to draw in a deep breath, and my legs managed to move even more quickly. But just as I was about to jump over the line, one of those things emerged from the tree closest to it and reached out one of its hands, on which its long fingers were capped by jagged wooden claws. The rip I heard as loudly as the scream that left me was not from my shirt ripping; it was my skin. I knew that whoever found me would find four long, parallel scratches down my back. I tripped over my feet but managed to stumble over the ash circle, knocking over one of the torches in the process and landing with a hard thud on my stomach. I was aware of a sickening crack, and a sudden outreach of pain in my midsection that expanded so quickly that my breath was stolen by it. But my adrenaline was pumping, and I stood up quickly, reaching behind me to assess the damage done by the claws of the one tree-man that had managed to attack me. Though there was blood, there was not enough to worry me. Surprisingly, there was very little pain, as well. I wondered if perhaps his claws had only grazed me, and if perhaps I had imagined the sound of my skin ripping. Because I felt perfectly well, except for the suddenly very dense air trying to travel down my suddenly very thin throat, and the loud, powerful thumping of my heart in my chest, I vowed to think nothing of my injuries until I had reason to do so.
I stumbled my way back up the path, my legs still shaking and my mind still reeling from what I had seen. But strangely enough, a docile calm came over me, and a small, unrecognizable voice in my head told me that what I had seen had been a lie, and that it was not all that scary, and that I needn't think of it anymore. Perhaps later, if my mind continued to return to those things I had seen, I would return to the house and investigate, only so I could remedy my anxiety...
It was while I was speaking to Violet that I began to experience the after-effects of being poisoned by the venom they carry within their claws. The gradual ascent to total panic was effortless, but once I reached the peak, the rolling waves of it sent me into that episode in the field. While Violet was gone, searching for help, I rolled about, feeling the circle of trees that surrounded me closing in, hearing the whispers of those creatures that were watching me from those trees, and also, the voices and cries and pleas and angry shouts of those people who had confronted me in the house. My fear of Ray had been the most potent I had felt since the last time Michael had raped me, but the fear I felt there in that field, while I was alonesick, in awful pain, and alonewas child-like, so full of confusion and incomprehension, as well as blind terror. For that reason, it was worse. 
That boy and Violet had carried me back, and I could feel Adam's great, unthinkable worry. Even in my delusional state, I saw him pacing back and forth, clutching the stitched wound in his stomach and leaning heavily on his cane. In unison, my heart and mind began to sob, urging my body to move on its own accord so I could reach him. I needed to feel his arms around me, and I needed to hear his voice whispering to me, assuring me that I was going to be alright. When we had faced our deaths together out in the woods, he had instructed me to lean to him, and when our foreheads had been pressed together and he had been whispering to me, and kissing me so gently, I had not been afraid.
Adam... I was crying, and the boy, who was in front of me, heard the soft sound and whispered back to me that he was near.
I could feel him coming closer and closer, and I could feel the heavy pain in his abdomen that he was ignoring so he could reach me quickly.
Darling, you cannot... Janna had told him, but he had taken me from the boy and Violet, lifting my slight weight into his large, strong arms. My arms flew up to wrap around his neck, and I whimpered there, only able to speak just barely. I could only whisper his name.
You are alright, my love. Oh, my sweet love... Why did you go over the circle? He had asked me softly once I was laid down on the bed, his bed, and he was knelt beside me with his face level with mine. His rough hand rested on my face, and his thumb stroked my cheek as more tears fell from my eyes. No, shh... He whispered, It is not your fault, I know. I am sure that you did not mean to do it.
Pushed me... I managed to gasp out just as Violet, the boy, and Janna came into the room. Pushed me... and ran away.
Who did? That darkness I had seen before and feared greatly was evident in his eyes again. I did not fear it because I worried for my own safety, but rather because I feared what he would do to another, to the one who had hurt me. Tell me that it was him, and I will...
The darkness in his eyes expanded until it enveloped me and the room I was in. I fell backwards into it, tumbling end over end, watching him get further and further away and screaming out for him to grasp my hand and pull me back before I was consumed by that darkness completely.
I am sure that you have gathered what I experienced as I rolled within that space of utter misery. I was in that house, moving from dark room to dark room, confronting the people whom I had so wronged. Either that, or I was facing the worst horrors of my life. The hallways were endless, and every door within them opened and pulled me inside. In the first, I saw Michael, and the fear that rose inside of me as he sauntered towards me was exactly as I remembered it: cold, unforgiving, utterly paralyzing. Even as a child, when I did not understand, I had known how wrong it was. I didn't understand, and yet I was so sick; I was so disgusted with both of us. Even at such a young age, I believed that it was my fault.
Maura had gone nearly catatonic the day after it happened the first time. In the back of that dark room, I saw her, the same way I saw her then; sitting up, staring straight ahead, eyes wide, one hand grasping her chest. Her being frozen that way had frightened me, and I had pulled on her arms and begged her to look at me, and as I had those thoughts, my mouth formed them, and I could hear myself saying them in the little girl's voice I had once possessed. All the while, Michael circled me, and the predatory hunger in his eyes sent shivers down my spine, and I knew that I couldn't stop him, just as I had known it then. I knew that even if I tried to run, he would catch me. But just because my attempt would fail didn't mean that I would not attempt it. I threw my body upwards and ran towards the door, screaming over my shoulder to Maura that I would be back for her.
When he grabbed me, he didn't say anything. He just pulled me back towards him, and drew in one deep, heavy inhalation with his nose pressed into my hair.
Michael... I whispered, and my voice trembled.
After the first time, I had never called him Uncle Mike ever again.
You're not a little girl anymore. He told me, and somehow, I knew what he was telling me. I understood and dreaded the implications of that.
With no further words, he ripped my shirt up the back, and a scream erupted from me; it was so loud that Maura snapped out of her daze. When Michael pinned my arm behind my back, I screamed in pain, knowing then that what I was experiencing was real; though one can feel another's touch in a dream, one cannot feel pain. If I were merely dreaming or hallucinating, I would not feel as though my shoulder were about to pop out of its socket or that my wrists were about to break within his hard, unyielding grip.
When he turned me around and forced me down so that I was lying on my stomach, I saw Maura look right at me, right into my eyes and very slowly bring her hands up to cover her ears. It was such a calculated movement, and yet I knew that she was not only being malicious; she also could not stand to hear me screaming. As usual, she was too petrified to even listen, let alone act.
JAMES! I screamed, but my heart plummeted immediately. Our fight had been vicious, and had ended worse than any we had ever had before. He would not come for me. And yet, I saw him bathed in the warm light from the dwindling bonfire, sleeping sitting up with a chaotic fluttering in his chest. He was drunk, and he was snoring loudly, but there was no peace in his unconscious mind. His instincts told him that I was in danger, and despite his anger at me, he wanted to run to my voice, and find me, and stop whoever or whatever was causing me such terrible pain. His unconscious being ran towards me, searching for me. Soon he would come, and soon, Michael would be dead.
Together, we'll kill you. I snapped at Michael, and that last defense, my animal fury, roared to life inside of me. Once he pulls you off of me, I'll rip out your throat! I kicked my foot up and back, and heard him grunt. His grip released, and I crawled frantically across the floor until I managed to get onto my feet. I ran out of the door and was so thankful when it slammed behind me.
The next room that pulled me in was where I found Lucien, trembling, crying, and choking on pool water.
Luc... I managed to whisper, and I was aware that my legs had given out beneath me. I was crouched on my knees in front of him, and he was tentatively walking towards me. Worse than the visual evidence of how he had diedthe water, the way he was choking, the way his mouth was contorted to show that he was crying, the gash in his headwas the look of fear in his eyes that had nothing to do with the fact that he was in the process of dying that terrible death. His fear was of me, and me alone, and his mind screamed the very same panicked thoughts I had long dreaded he had been having as he died.
BRYNNA! I heard him screaming in that little voice of his that I remembered so well. Brynn, help me! Brynn! Why won't she... where? Brynna!
Luc, I'm so sorry. I'm sorry. The words were barely audible over his screaming thoughts, which were reverberating through the room like the cruelest aural torture imaginable; it was able to drive me out of my mind, and I would never return. The sound was able to do that far easier than any horror I had faced so far or would face later. I had suffered many things in my life, many injustices, many pains that were so far beyond my age, many that were far beyond the understanding of anyone. But Lucien's death was the event in my life that stole every God-given ability I possessed. As I tried to find the words to assure him, I stammered. As I tried to breathe, I could only choke out sobs that twisted my stomach into tight, agonizing knots. The only thing I could do was reach out my arms to him. The only action I could take was to hold him, and to find the mental words somewhere in my chaotically panicking mind to pray that holding him would soothe his fears. Before that even, I would pray that he would come to me, at all.
But he did. And the moment he fell into my arms, the sounds of his thoughts quieted to nothing, and he could breathe again. His slight weight registered inside of my arms, and it was so real, so amazingly real; he was right there, alive again in my arms, calm and alive. I could feel his heart beating against mine, and that beat slowed from a steady gallop to beat at a soothed, lightly treading two-step. Somehow, he trusted me. Somehow, he knew he was safe with me. In response to that, and in response to how real that dream of him was to me, so much so that I believed it was not a dream, I cried until not a sound could be made from me, until not a breath could be taken. Whenever I managed to draw in a shuddering, half-breath, it fell from me again as I said his name. Once, I managed to say, I love you, before I was crying too hard to manage any more words.
The house was a cruel place of emotional torture, and my reconciliation with that spirit of my brother was not meant to occur there. It was not in the plan of those terrible things that were causing me to see and experience every horror I had ever faced. Far off in some other place that I believed I had never even visited, I heard Violet telling me that it wasn't my fault, and I realized that I was saying the opposite aloud, over and over again, and in my tone, I could hear such regret and guilt that it could not have been me saying them; surely no living creature could feel those things to such a degree of intensity. Surely that intensity would be too much.
My arms collapsed in on themselves, and he was gone. Before I could even cry out in protest to his sudden disappearance, to the fact that I could no longer feel his small arms clasping onto me tightly, I was pulled backwards out of the room by one of the house's unexplainable inhalations, and this time, it was abrupt and furious, because those beasts knew that a part of their plan had misfired, and I had felt something other than utter terror, regret, and guilt, even if only for a moment. When I landed on my stomach with a crash that knocked the wind from me, the floor jerked upwards so that I was forced to throw myself up to avoid being smashed in the face by the planks as they split apart and then resealed themselves perfectly.
My feet carried me forward until the door to the next room was beside me, and this time, I did not exclaim or gasp when I was pulled inside but rather, just squeezed my eyes shut and curled up on the ground. 
No, you get back in there!
It was my father, and when I opened my eyes, I saw my ten-year-old self staring back at me, eyes wide, tears streaming freely, with my tiny hands covering my head protectively. When I heard the whizzing of his belt through the air, I cringed, and watched as she began to squeeze her eyes shut, just as I did the same.
I had forgotten how painful it was. It was so much worse than anything he was capable of with his hands. When I screamed, it was the same sound that I had made at ten, when he would come home from work, and find something, anything that I had done wrong, even if it was something so simple as not moving out of his way fast enough.
You do it on purpose! He yelled, and he hit me again. You do a lot of shit on purpose, don't you?! Get back in your room!
He was not shouting that last part at me, I realized. At ten years old, when I was in such a state of terror and experiencing such breath-stealing pain, I had not heard her screaming at him. But my mother had tried to stop him once or twice, but only when he got out of hand. And that particular time, the one that I was reliving right then, was one of the worst. I still cannot tell you why; I do not remember what I did that was so terrible; I do not know what caused him to feel such strong ire for me on that particular day. But whatever caused it does not matter; all that matters is that even in unconsciousness (which, quite unmercifully, came fifteen minutes after the first blow from his belt) I could still feel the sting of it.
I also remember that I was unable to return to school for three weeks, and my mother had stayed home during that time but had not cared for me. That job had been left to Maura, who had still not looked me in the eyes, even though Michael had been jailed for almost a year.
I'm sorry, Daddy! I'm sorry! I was screaming, I didn't mean to! I'm sorry!
He's dead! Youre sorry?! You think I care that you're sorry?! My little boy is dead! My son is dead!
Somehow, in the present, I managed to get onto my knees and turn away from the scene. When my shaking legs finally would support my weight, I ran from that room and pulled the wooden door shut behind me, only to be jerked backwards into yet another room. This time, though, it did not look like a decaying room in a decrepit, breathing house. I was outside, in the bright sunlight. The air was warm, but I could not smell it. I was sopping wet, and my tears added to that, as they cascaded down my face. Elijah was beside me, crying hysterically and grabbing clumps of his hair in his hand as I banged on Lucien's chest, trying to scream at Elijah to call 911 but only able to scream.
Words came, but they were useless.
Eli, he's not breathing! Oh, my God! I can't wake him up! Eli, I can't wake him up! And he's not breathing! He's not breathing!
I still do not know why I said this, because at the time it made no sense at all, but in that present moment, when I knew in the back of my mind that I was just experiencing another terror within my own personal living nightmare, I understood.
I want to wake up! I had told Elijah then, Oh, my God! This isn't happening. Eli, I want to wake up. I want to wake up. And I repeated myself, even though I was barely able to breathe.
My father had been the first one home, and when he had thrown open the door, the glass had shattered. He had demanded to know what had happened, and after he realized that Lucien could not be resuscitated, he had grabbed my face and looked me over, and there had been concern in his eyes. There had been fear that I had somehow almost drowned, too. It was not until after Eli said that he had found me unresponsive, though those certainly were not his exact words, that my father's gaze had iced over, and I saw nothing, truly, but the deepest wrath and above all else, great hatred. Lucien had been his favorite, because Lucien had looked just like him. It seems like a ridiculous reason to love one child over the others, but from listening to other people's thoughts, I have discovered that it is the most common reason amongst parents. My father had seen himself reflected in Lucien, and losing him was too much to bear. When there was no one to blame but me, he blamed me. And I deserved it. I know I did.
My love... Adam's voice reverberated through the house, and yet his tone was so gentle. Frantically, my heart beat, begging me to find him. I threw myself backwards, away from that day that had forever changed my life, and I was dry once again. With the last store of my strength, I began to run, searching for Adam.
Brynna, come to my voice, darling. Just follow my voice, and you will find your way out.
It was his language in which he was speaking, but I could understand him perfectly. The terror that was so undiluted sent searing pain through my chest and pumping through my veins. But Adam's voice slowed its rapid spread, and I was able to focus. After whipping around a corner, I began to see a light at the end of the hallway. It was from that light that Adam's voice was emanating.
My body needed no second command; instantly, it jerked forward to run towards that light. But the house was angry, and that anger made it stronger. When another door banged open, and that wind began to suck me backwards into it, I grabbed onto the door frame and pulled, gritting my teeth and screaming with effort as I tried to pull myself back out.
The force was too strong, and I flew backwards with that wind and slammed against the back wall. Coughing, gasping, and struggling to stand back up on my feet, I swiped at my eyes and kept them cast to the floor, so afraid of what I would see. I just could not handle anymore.
Rachel Lilien. 
What is your name again? I heard myself asking her curtly on that day so many years earlier, when I was eighteen and even more rude and angry than I had been at twenty-two.
Rachel. She had answered, and she had smiled. Immediately, I had been affected by that smile; it landed on my heart and left a tiny impression.
Rachel Lilien, I had said, and I knew why she had come. During election years, the press camped for days outside the gates of our garishly Addams family-like mansion. That year, I had been forced to move out, and somehow, Rachel Lilien, an online journalist whom I have discussed in this re-telling of events before, had discovered my whereabouts while the other press had been searching madly. 
Thats your name, isnt it? I heard myself asking her. 
Thats my name. 
Rachel I said to her, and she smiled that smile at me again. Rachel, I
Her spirit was too good. It was too perfect. The house could not corrupt it. I could sense in the minds of those creatures their plan for her ghost; they wanted her to admonish me for letting my parents have her and her best friend and partner killed. They wanted her to tell me that she knew that I had known about it, even though I had only suspected. But my slight suspicion should have been shared with her, as it might have saved their lives. She had died clutching her chest, gasping for breath, and once, just once, she had wondered if maybe I had done it.
Not true. She said to me, and she shook her head slightly. I knew.
Did you? I asked, and tears leaked from my eyes, I always hoped you did.
I did. I reached out to her, wanting to take one of her beautifully shapely hands in mine the way that I had so many times over our three years. But when her hand was wrapped in mine, all the guilt I had so long suppressed regarding her death stole my temporary calmness away, and my knees were giving out, and she was catching me. 
If there was one death about which I forced myself to feel nothing, it was hers. Somehow, I knew if my parents even suspected I was grieving for her, they would believe they were triumphant. And Rachels spirit, I always liked to think, was glad that I had not grieved. 
While I was in her arms, I had looked up at her.
I never said I love you, but I did. I did, Rachel.
The house wanted her to scream at me that all she had wanted after three years was to hear those words from me. But instead, because she was so good, and so perfect, she nodded, smiled again, and touched my face.
I knew. I always knew, sweetheart.
I cried harder when the house pulled me from her arms. She watched me go, still smiling, so unfazed by the darkness all around her, and right before I was pulled completely from the room, she said to me words she had said to me so many times:
Youre a fighter, baby. A survivor. Dont forget it.
I tried to hold onto those words, and I did for a long moment, but when I was thrown into the next room, the feelings of peace I had felt with herindeed, the feelings of peace I had always felt with herdisappeared, and something else was brewing within me. I had already experienced rage and sadness at a level that would surely kill human beings. But someone was speaking to me reassuringly, telling me that everything was going to be alright, that I was alright. That person's accent was vaguely British but slightly different. I could only assume in my state that it was Maura, but instead of pitying her, or feeling that forgiveness and emptiness of pain that had taken hold of me after she had died, I felt only the most animalistic, blindly wild rage. And luckily for me (but quite unfortunately for her) it was her who was there in that room. She was just standing, telling me softly that it was alright. She did not try to approach me, but she was genuinely concerned. There was no way that I could pretend that I did not see that concern in her eyes.
You! I screamed, and my fangs shot out. You didn't stop him!
I know. She cried, and she covered her face. I was afraid, Brynna. I was so scared of him. I'm sorry.
You were afraid!?
In a blur of movement, I had rushed forward and pinned her against one of the breathing walls. I was aware of the fact that my fangs had come out and of the overwhelming desire to bite her.
I was afraid of him! I shouted. Uncover your ears!
I punched the wall beside her head.
Uncover your ears!
In both hands, I grabbed her wrists and pulled. Once her hands were off of her ears, I grabbed a handful of her hair and pulled her head sideways, opening my mouth, baring my fangs...
Brynna! Penny's voice screamed down the hallway, just as I prepared myself for the glorious moment when I could rip into Maura's throat.
Penny? I asked, and my fangs retracted.
It was almost as though I had never been angry, or like I had never seen Maura at all. The two fistfuls of her shirt I had been holding as I pinned her to the wall disappeared, and after glancing back just briefly over my shoulder, even though I did not care what I saw, I discovered that all of her had gone. The room was empty.
Brynna! Penny was wailing, but her voice was changing. Not only was crying now instead of just screaming, but her voice was getting more mature. She was becoming someone else, as well. I was relieved by that; the last person I needed to see being harmed was Penny, as she was, to put it far too simply, the greatest love in my life, and to see her in pain or in her moment of death would stop my heart quite literally. I would never survive if I lost her.  
By the time I reached the door, her voice had changed over to my mother's completely. This time, nothing pulled me inside; I had the choice to bypass whatever cruel emotional torture lay waiting for me within the confines of that room. If I wanted to keep walking and continue looking for an escape, I could. Though it is quite disgusting, a large part of me wanted nothing more than to abandon her all over again, for reasons that did not reflect well on my character; I did not want to see what was happening to her because I did not want to feel that great guilt, and another fraction of that large part of me just did not care, as she deserved plenty of pain, in the darkest part of my soul's view, for her abandonment and ignorance all those years ago. Seeing Lucien dying and remembering her stupors and drunken rages were enough for me to forget the horror of seeing how the house purported she had died.
Twisting the doorknob, I was prepared for whatever I saw. The house made me believe that she had survived the blast and the flood and had been killed by angry survivors for the role she played in the destruction of the world they all shared. If I were to open the door and see her being killed by them, surely my heart would be struck with supreme horror, and my knees would buckle and collapse, but I would just turn away and crawl from the room if that was what it took. The sight would be traumatic for me, but I would not allow myself to be tortured by it the way everything else the creatures of the house had shown had tortured me.
Even though she was screaming my name before I opened the door, once I was inside, I saw that my mother was sitting with my nine year old self, talking to her calmly and grasping both of her hands. I could see my young, tear-streaked face clearly, but I could not see her because she was sitting with her back to me. When I walked to the side so I could watch them, she turned her head, almost as though she knew I was there, though she did not address me directly.
The memory was one I remembered just vaguely, as it had seemed so trivial after she had pledged her allegiance to my father in the great war that had engulfed my family.
You can tell me, honey. You can tell me everything, and I promise I won't get mad. Just tell me what happened. Her slender hand reached out to touch my face; I was amazed by how much Penny looked like me. When my features were younger, and my eyes seemed so round and full of a mixture of perpetual terror and wonder, she was my spitting image. My mother wiped my tears away and gently assured me again that I could tell her everything, and no harm would befall her, or Dad, or Maura, whose name she had said with a very slight edge that I had not noticed at the time but was hearing clearly now.
My words were jumbled, and skipped over themselves, almost like when one plays a record that has been scratched deeply, and the song that had been playing clearly lurches forward and skips with jumps and shudders that startle the listener. Though her face was still shrouded in shadow, I could feel the slow bloom of ice inside of her, like a stillborn rose being born black and rotted. That blooming flower held venomous barbs that pierced her inside; she literally felt sick. Somehow, at that age, I knew how she felt, and my tears intensified, and I began to apologize. The shame was beyond anything that I can describe to you with words that accurately depict it.
No, don't apologize, honey. It's not your fault. It's not. She pulled me to her, and I did not cringe as her arms encased me, nor did I attempt to pull away. My small, fragile body sunk into hers, and my skeletal arms wrapped around her back and squeezed.
Why didn't you tell me, honey?
I had not realized it at the time, but she was fighting tears by biting her lip. I could only see that particular action; the rest of her face was still missing.
Because I was ashamed of it, Mommy.
The words fell from my lips just as the little girl said them.
As if those words were the key that unlocked it, the door at the far end of the room swung open and pulled me forward. I did not fight it this time, as I was losing my ability to fight. Every part of my physical and emotional strength had been stolen away.
Penny had just fallen asleep, and I was reading a book that Maura had given me earlier in the day. The lights on the Christmas tree were lighting up the pages, and though I was so wonderfully absorbed in the words I was reading (I remember it was the sixth book of my most favorite series of all time, and that though the book had only been in my possession for mere hours, I was three-quarters of the way finished) that I barely noticed the knock on the door. My foot had been absentmindedly rocking Penny in her little swing that she insisted on sleeping in even though, at three years old, she was far too big for it, and I slowed the rocking down delicately as the person knocked again, this time more urgently. Carefully, I had stood up and walked over to the door, opening it only a little, just to be safe. No one was there, and with a heavy sigh, I threw open the door completely, hoping to catch in the act the obnoxious little boys from down the hall who had taken it as their God-given job to aggravate me. But it was not them.
I looked down to find a large Christmas bag full of presents, and when I looked up the hallway, I had seen a flash of red disappear around the wall where the elevator was. I did not hear the bell ringing to signify that the person had pushed the button that called the elevator up, though. That flash of red had been a woman's coat, and I knew which woman it was. I did not hear her light footsteps going down the stairs, and I could feel someone's presence in the hallway with me, which told me that she was still standing there, waiting for something, but for what, I did not know.
I glanced back over my shoulder to make sure that Penny was still sound asleep, and then checked to make sure that my keys were still in my hand. After letting the door close behind me quietly, I knelt down and dug through the tissue paper on top of whatever was in the bag. If my mother really had delivered it, I entertained the thought that it probably contained the decapitated head of some animal, maybe a horse, like in The Godfather. She and my father were trying to horrify me on Christmas, as I had horrified them by murdering my brother all those years ago, or by engaging in an unholy romance with one of their greatest adversaries, who just so happened to be of my same sex. Honestly, I had experienced very many horrors in my life, as you very well know, and not many things could startle or rattle me, including severed heads of livestock.
What awaited me at the bottom of that bag was far more horrifying than that, anyway. There were three boxes, one of which contained a pair of knit boots that I had circled in a magazine several months earlier; I had been at the house picking up Penny and had grown bored while Maura was getting her ready to go. Violet and I had been talking and looking through the magazine. Just as my mother came in the door, I had gasped and exclaimed, These will be on my far too overcrowded shoe rack within the day! And Violet had giggled, because she still found my overly intricate sentences amusing in those days. But in my haste to leave once my mother had made her entrance, I had forgotten all about those beautiful knit boots and had just taken Penny's carriage from Maura, shied away from the hug she tried to give me, and left, ignoring Maura's statement that if I needed any help at all, to call her.
Just leave her alone. My mother had said to her, but she had murmured it, thinking that I could not hear.
Oh, would you like to say goodbye to her? To your daughter? I had returned to the kitchen, holding Penny on my hip, and turned slightly so Penny was facing her, and my mother could see her beautiful, cherubic face.
Brynna, darling, just go home. Maura had urged me gently. Don't start this again.
No? I asked my mother in a tone of lightness and apathy and cruel teasing. Aww... I shook my head back and forth in condescending shame. It is quite alright, Mother. She barely knows who you are, and thank God or the Gods for that!
And I had left, laughing to myself at how very pathetic she was.
I plummeted back to the present memory, as my hands began to open the second box. The present inside actually elicited a gasp from me. It was Ariel by Sylvia Plath, and because the binding creaked when I opened it, and because of the overall old-fashioned look of it, I knew that it was a first edition.
Oh, my God... I muttered, and believe me, not adding or Gods onto the end of that was nearly impossible for me back then, so obviously, I was very shocked and quite thrilled. A blue sticky bookmark was placed on one of the pages, and when I flipped it open to the page, I found that it marked Plath's most famous poem. The previous owner must have marked it...
The third box was smaller, able to be held with just one hand. When I pulled the top off, I gasped again.
The bracelet was made by two silver circles that were clasped together by a charm at the end. It glinted beautifully in the dim hallway lighting. From this bracelet hung seven tiny charms, all made of pure silver or gold, all seemingly random: an apple, a double-decker bus, a tiny bearded man with a sword and shield, an oval-shaped bead with swirls of light pink and white within it, a Buddha, a cupcake, and a baby carriage. They were all so random, and yet they were not. Perfectly, they hung together on that bracelet; I know that they looked perfect together because I turned it over many, many times there in the hallway, so mesmerized by it. My eyes drunk in the sight of it the way a dying man drinks in miraculous salvation, truly; I dont think I had ever seen any material thing that was quite so beautiful or so alluring to my eyes. I was so transfixed by it that I did not notice the silence in the hallway. I did not notice it until it was no longer silence; at the end of the hallway, around the corner, I heard movement.
I threw myself upwards and ran forward, my feet thumping hard against the creaking wooden floorboards. When I came hurtling around the corner of the wall, I saw that she was standing on the first step going down. The elevator door opened, telling me that she had only begun to take the stairs when the elevator did not come quickly enough for her to escape me.
Hey.
I had not known what else to say. She nodded in response but kept her face angled away from me.
I, um... I ran my fingers through my hair and became aware of the fact that I was trembling. Thank you. I, um... I cleared my throat and tried to cross my arms and lean against the wall to show that what she had done had not affected me too much. I love them. All of them. Thank you.
She had nodded again, and muttered something about John that I did not hear. My heart sunk, though; it sounded like she said, John wanted you to have something, which insinuated that John had made her do it, or that John had gotten all of it on his own, which I knew was highly unlikely, and yet I still allowed myself to begin believing it.
Despite that belief, I had said what I said next, knowing that the rejection would sting when it came, not if.
Do you... I had cleared my throat again, Do you, um... I turned my head on the side the way I did when I was feeling either puzzled or emotionally frazzled, both of which were accurate descriptions of me in that moment. I never reached out, not to her, not to anyone, and I did not want to reach out to her then. Surely, if she said no, I would be so angry and humiliated that I would never be able to regard her with the cool indifference I had worked so hard to build. Every time she was in my presence, I would feel inadequate, and more unwanted than I already did. Whatever was left between us, if there was anything, would be shattered, irreparably, all because I broke free from my typical behavioral trends and reached out to her. Still, I asked.
Do you want to come inside?
Now, in real life, she had given me a curt shake of her head, and murmured, Take care of yourself, under her breath before walking away. But for some reason, the moment shifted and changed there in the creatures' house, and she turned back to me and reached out to take my hand. I grasped hers in my own, and though I tried to suppress it, I smiled, and she did, too.
I still cannot decide if that moment with her, when she grasped my hand and agreed to come back to the apartment with me (however unreal it might have been) was like waking from a terrible nightmare to be soothed by reality where there are no monsters, tidal waves, or bombs to end one's life, or if it was like experiencing that strangely comforting feeling of being within the best dream, where one dreads the moment when consciousness returns, because then one knows that that feeling is a lie, that it was all just in the mind. I am inclined to believe that it is the latter, as the feeling that I get right now as I am writing these words is very similar to the feeling I awoke with this morning, when I saw another person in my dreams, and felt his arms around me, and his eyes gazing into mine with such love and also, such longing... It is nostalgia, I think; it is the discovery of some new non-reality coupled with memories of beautiful times spent with the person one encountered. When it is events and not people that provoke that feeling, it is no different; it is the mind's recognition of a moment or a memory that might have been real, at one time.
Whatever one wishes to believe, it is peculiar. I just know that I could feel my mother's hand grasped in mine, and that as we walked down the hallway, I laid my head against her shoulder, and she had turned her head so she could kiss mine.
Violet says that she heard me mutter about loving something. She also heard me ask someone if they wanted to come in. She said that I had smiled, and yet tears were falling freely from my eyes. In that moment, she says, Adam stopped talking to me, and she sensed that he was allowing me to experience whatever it was that had brought that smile to my face.
The possibilities of that moment were endless. As we walked back to my apartment, I could see them all. We were going to start speaking again. She was going to start visiting. Penny would have both her real mother and me. Mom was going to leave my father. She was going to forgive me for what had happened...
LIE!
The deafening unanimous shout of all the beasts in the house broke the manufactured memory into pieces. Penny's deafening scream ripped into me as punishment for changing what they had thought would weaken me further; the original memory was one of the saddest I could recall.
When Adam had asked me to recall the last time I had shed tears, it was that memory on which I had allowed myself to dwell just briefly. I had shut it down quickly because at even the thought of it, I could be devastated; when she had left me there, I had returned to my apartment, and though I tried to keep it down, I cried so loudly that I awoke Penny.
For some reason, hearing her shrill cries that were in response to my own had frightened me. Hiccupping, I had returned to her and lifted her tiny, delicate body into my arms.
It's okay.
My voice had trembled and jumped as the tears struggled to return. But I knew that I had upset Penny, and as you have gathered by now, Penny's life, happiness, and well-being were far more important than my own. The tears stopped abruptly because I could not stand that I had scared Penny.
Shh... I had kissed her forehead, It is just you and me now, baby. She is gone. It was nothing. I shook my head as I cradled her. It was nothing.
I had vowed in those moments to burn the gifts that she had given me in the fire that was burning away in my fireplace. But I could not. Like a fool blinding herself to the harsh truth of it all, I told myself that I was simply attached to the items, not to the person who had given them to me. I pretended that I did not want to see the hard work of the people who had made those gifts go to waste. Sure enough, even there in the present, in the house, that bracelet was around my wrist still, where it always was. The boots, so worn out on the bottoms that if I stepped in a shallow puddle, my socks would be soaked, had been thrown away a week before I met James in the bar, and the book had been one that I had thrown into my book bag and taken with me, on that day when James and I had left my apartment, when I had chosen, with actual tears in my eyes and a hollow pit where my stomach had once been, the books that I would be taking with me.
Ill leave you all alone. James had told me as I surveyed my massive bookshelves, swallowing the lump in my throat that I had not felt for a year. He had left, and I had run my hands over the spines of the ones I could reach, and one just one solitary tear had fallen from each of my eyes.
 I was running after Penny in the house, hearing those shrill wails once again. She was crying in the voice she had possessed as a baby, and yet I knew when I found her, she would be as she was in the present.
Brynna!
James's voice. He was outside.
James! I screamed, and I could feel him coming closer. I heard the door to the house go crashing through the decrepit foyer after he had kicked it down.
The house froze. The breathing stopped. Silence left me covering my ears.
Brynn? Baby, where are you? James asked.
I'm... My voice could not rise above a whisper. I cleared my throat impatiently and struggled to keep it steady long enough for me to get the words out at a volume that he could hear. I'm here!
First, I heard the sound of his feet landing on the first creaking stair. Then, the house began to breathe and writhe again, and the whispers resumed, deafening us both.
James! I'm up here!
A whirling wind wrapped its cold, merciless hands around me and pulled. I was dragged into the last room, the darkest, the one where they all were waiting. Every horned devil of a memory I had racketing about in my head played out before my eyes, every fear I had ever contemplated, however briefly and at whatever intensity, was felt at full blast in my heart, the deepest sadness one could possibly fathom forced tears from my eyes, and Penny was screaming, screaming, screaming... Her tears were my tears, and I was begging them to let her go, to let her run away, to take me instead... Michael was on top of me, grinding against my fragile, shaking body; my father's fists rained hard blows on me, my mother was screaming, begging them to spare her life, begging me to take her with us, begging to know why I had left her behind... Maura was dying in my arms and sitting beside me covering her ears, and all the while, Penny was screaming, and my nine-year-old self was screaming, and so was my ten-year-old-self, and my eleven-year-old self, and twelve, thirteen, fourteen, fifteen I was screaming through every year of my life, and through eternities, and Penny was screaming right along with me
Somewhere, in some other place, I was running. I could feel it in my legs, and yet my body was paralyzed on the floor of that house. But in my mind, I could see the trees surrounding some village, and I was getting closer to them, seeing the creatures that dwelt within them dragging Penny off... I had to reach her, but I wasn't actually moving...
Brynna! Brynna! James had finally arrived, just as Michael grabbed the back of my shirt and began to pull me away.
James! I wailed, and he dove forward to grab my hands. With one strong jerk, he pulled me away and up into his arms. I cried into his shoulder, still screaming and fighting despite knowing that I was safe now that he was with me. My body wanted to fight so badly that it did not realize who it was fighting.
The proverbial ghosts of my past, though they were quite literal in that shadow world, had frozen again. The voices had silenced. My body slumped against his as my fists squeezed two handfuls of his shirt, and my eyes let tears rain down on his shoulder without pause.
Alright. Alright, come on. Baby, we have to go. He was whispering, his eyes fixated on the images that were projected from both the darkest parts of my memory and the most sadistically creative parts of my mind that tortured me with all the possibilities of what could have been and what could still occur. They were all around us, frozen in time like grotesque statues in a graveyard.
Even after he had lifted me, he was still staring at them. When I looked, I gave one cry that was also three: a cry of sadness, a cry of fear, and a cry of rage; all the emotions that had so tormented me for however long I had been in their snare. Amongst the images of my family members that I have described, there were perfectly replicated models of my sisters, brother, James, Adam, Alice, Quinn, and Nick, lying dead before me. The room was overflowing with my worst possible thoughts, all made tangible and real for me to see.
I want to go. I whispered, and my hands that were around his neck tightened. My torso turned so I could feel his strong heart beating against my own. When it pounded away against my chest, I only cried harder; the physical contact between us was calming me, telling me that he really was there; from that, I knew that I was finally going to be alright.
We're asleep. You know that, don't you?
I'm not, James. I shook my head at him, James, I think I might have died.
I had not meant to say it. The words had tumbled from my mouth. In my throat, I could almost feel small fingers working my voice-box so I would speak the words that the mysterious puppeteer wanted me to say.
What? He looked down at me, and I could feel my back beginning to seep blood onto his arms.
The terror in him was quick, unyielding. It snatched his breath and brought him to his knees. Keeping me laid against one of his arms, he brought his other hand up to touch my face.
Brynna! He managed to gasp out, as my body shook violently. I was fully aware of myself, and yet I could see how I looked; my body was seizing and retching as the venom coursed through me, grinding every bodily operation to a brutal, sudden stop.
Brynn! Baby! He exclaimed, but I was dead. I could not answer him. My head had turned sideways, and my dead eyes stared out, watching only what was immediately in my vision. I could not turn my head to see anything else, and inside, I struggled and screamed and fought, begging my body to move, begging God or the Gods to return my soul to my body so I could tell him that all he was about to experience was not real.
Oh, no, no, no... I had never heard him cry that way, and in my chest, my stopped heart still managed to rip into two bleeding, jagged-edged pieces that fell deeper into me to cut into my frozen organs, causing old, useless blood to flow freely. It made no sense; I was alive enough to feel pain, but I was dead enough to be paralyzed. I was alive enough to think clearly, but my limbs would not answer the calls my mind was placing frantically.
The claustrophobia of it all was worse than I can describe, and from every part of my heart, I begged to return. I bartered. I pleaded with whatever trinkets were valued in the land of the dead, though obviously I cannot remember them now. Adam's voice was whispering to me, but it could not soothe me as it did before. All I wanted was to reach out to him, to him and James both, and beg the former to help me return to my body, and assure the latter that I would return.
Oh, baby Oh, my love... His lips kissed mine, and translucent tears fell from my blankly staring eyes; I could feel them, but he could not see them. I wanted to tell him that I was alright... I wanted to grasp his face and comfort him, to tell him I loved him so, so much, and that I was so sorry... Things would be different. We would find a way to resolve our differences. We would be what we had been at a time that seemed so far off in the past, and yet so close, as well...
I love you so much. Oh, God... His tears grew more hysterical, and even though I was no longer living, I could still utilize my gift or rather, my gift could utilize me. I heard the guilt as it spread like a plague through his mind, infecting every thought, even the ones rationalizing that all of this was a dream.
Oh, God, it's all my fault... I'm so sorry. I shouldn't have left you. Brynna, I'm sorry! He cried harder, and kissed my face wherever he could. I could feel his tears against my skin that was growing colder by the second; his tears warmed wherever they touched.
Beneath us, the ground gave a rumble that was slight at first. As it intensified, the walls began to slowly breathe in and out. James looked up, and his own nightmare began.
His hands never released me, but when my life sprang back into my body, he did not realize it, as he was staring straight ahead at his own demons.
His wife. Her eyes stared at him as blankly as mine had, and her head stayed tilted at a disturbingly sharp angle; her cheek was rested against her shoulder, and at the top of her head, a large, open wound was festering. Still, black blood bled from that wound onto the floor in rapidly falling drops that exploded almost deafeningly. A few of his lovers, whispering that they would never tell her, that they loved him, and in his heart, I felt his urge to run away from them, to cut off all ties, even though he had made them care for him. He felt so guilty; he had not thought it possible to feel any more guilt, but he did. Knowing all the lives he had left ruined in his wake during his many years of taking lovers and dropping them shortly after the taking. To know that he had to hurt them simply because he could not bring himself to feel the same way sickened him, and yet he could not stop himself from behaving that way.
His mother was holding suitcases, a burning cigarette hanging from her sloppily lipsticked mouth. Her blue eyeshadow was applied far too generously, and her foundation was several shades darker than her natural skin tone.
You keep 'im. You wanted 'im. His mother spat. Dragged me halfway 'cross the country to get 'im. So you keep 'im.
My parents had not wanted me after Lucien died. James's parents had never wanted him, period.
In those moments I was not supposed to see, I learned more about him than I had in a year. I finally learned a few of James Maxwell's deeply guarded, dark secrets. Finally, I glimpsed his skeletons, after he had seen every last one of mine.
I jerked up, and he jumped. Then, he was holding onto my face, looking at me in disbelief.
But you were...
That's what they wanted you to think. It's what you're afraid of. Come on! I grabbed his hand, and pulled him up onto his feet. Just don't look at them!
He was still staring, in utter horror, at those scenes from his memories he had so long suppressed.
James, honey, come on! I urged him loudly, We have to go!
The house roared its response to that, and he and I both could tell that the creatures were protesting the idea of their victims escaping. When we tried to run out of the door, it slammed shut. They pulled away from the walls and took their individualized forms. Slowly but surely, the terrible black house fell away, and we were surrounded by them. The whispering was so loud that my head spun; the non-ceasing rumble of noise was enough to deafen me temporarily.
Baby, run! He yelled over them.
What? No! I screamed back, and because I was covering my ears, I could hear my own voice; I was utterly frantic and utterly resistant to that idea.
RUN! He ordered, and so many of the creatures rushed forward to grab him that I could not possibly count them all. When they tried to grab me with their freakishly long, pointed fingers, I ducked down to the ground and crawled out, suffering more scratches in the process.
JAMES! I wailed when I stood back up.
They were dragging him away. More were surrounding him. Soon, he would be destroyed by them. Soon, he would be reborn as one of them.  
JAMES! Tears cascaded down my cheeks, and Adam's voice was in the distance, calling me back to him.
Run! Brynna, run! Run!
Sobbing, retching, and shaking, I obeyed, and my voice could only say his name. Through my tears, I could only say his name.
The pain that had taken hold of my body was unbearable. It stemmed from my back and radiated throughout me, ripping away any other thought I could have besides ones that begged to know what was causing such agony and why it was being inflicted so cruelly upon me. In those woods, I wandered, listening to the whispers of those creatures and James's screams, and searching for Adam's voice, searching for some light that would lead me to the place where I would realize that all I was experiencing was a dream.
God was in those woods, my mind told me. The Old Spirit God. The one that wreaked havoc. The one that destroyed. The one that gnashed its teeth and demanded pain and sacrifice. But was my own? Was He or She, or were They there?
Oh, God... I slunk to my knees, knowing that the labyrinth of trees went on forever. The shadow-forest was merciless in its endlessness, and endless in its mercilessness.
My dearest Brynna... Adam's voice whispered, The darkest evil has not yet broken the horizon.
And it was those words, which, as you know, were spoken in reality, that jolted me back to my senses. That was when I had seen that James was alright. That was when I had begged them not to argue. That was when I had tried to run back to Penny, after being plunged back into that hellish world and seeing what I had seen earlier, with the tree line and Penny being dragged over it by those creatures.
After I was laid back in bed, the doctor instructed them that it was time for the poison to be extracted from my system. Even in my delusional state, I knew that it was James who did the honors first, as they say. When he had sucked all of the black, foamy substance out of two of the cuts in my back, I heard him spitting and gagging. Adam took over after that; only so much of the tree beast's venom can come into contact with any part of a human's body before they begin to experience side effects. The pain of having the venom removed was as breathtaking as when it had been coursing through my body, but once it was over, I collapsed onto the sheets, drenched in sweat, only moaning softly. Not crying. Not screaming. Just moaning in exhaustion beyond physical, beyond mental. As insane as it sounds, my very soul was in need of rest.
That's it. It's all over, baby. James was whispering to me gently. I was still lying on my stomach, and he had gotten down on his knees beside the bed so he could look into my eyes. You're going to be just fine.
I nodded and whispered to him that I wanted to turn over onto my back.
What, sweetheart? He asked me gently.
I whispered it again and only Adam understood. Very delicately, he turned me over onto my back. Using sign language I had learned in one of the only college classes I had actually attended, I signed to him weakly my thanks, to which he responded in sign language. A weak smile pulled at my lips, and I looked over at James. My hand reached out to him, and I stroked his face once.
Like it was? I asked, and I believed that he could not understand.
But tears brimmed in his warm brown eyes, and he nodded.
Yeah, baby. Everything's going to be like it was.
I nodded and kept my hand rested on his face. With the other, I grasped Adam's hand. For a long, blissful moment, I looked at both of them, at their handsome, blatantly manly features: strong jaws, stubble, chiseled noses. I studied James's beautiful light brown eyes that glowed with the warmth of the love he felt for me. I observed Adam's coolly glistening sea-green eyes that never failed to steal my breath or consume me in curiosity and passion (because the two are very close, and connected very frequently, if one can believe it.) My grip on their hands tightened as I began to drift into an almost celestially peaceful sleep.
Stay... with... me.
And almost simultaneously, almost hilariously, they both kissed my hands.
***

Dr. Miletus, the best doctor on all of Pangaea, according to Adam, had been the one to treat me. She was standing right beside my bed and yet I heard her voice as though she were in an adjacent room speaking to them. She was telling James and Adam that the salve on my back needed to be rinsed off, as some of the venom was still clinging to it, not to mention the bacteria from their mouths that had transmitted when they had sucked the venom out.
She was telling them that because I was lying down, and my body was not in a state of stress, I had not yet experienced the aftershocks. However, once I stood, there was an eighty percent chance that I would begin to suffer through milder episodes of what I had experienced earlier.
As James and Adam eased me into the bathroom, my heart began to beat rapidly. At first, I was only whimpering, and then tears were falling from my eyes, and I was sobbing weakly.
It is alright, darling. Adam was telling me as they walked me along. It is only for a few minutes that you must stand, and then you can rest. I promise you. This will not be for long.
The sound of the shower startled me almost cruelly. Adam was holding me by himself while James moved about the bathroom, gathering up towels for us both and opening the bottles of cleaning ointment the doctors had given him. The sound of the water banging deafeningly against the wooden tub made me press one of my ears against Adam's chest and cover my other ear with my hand to stifle the sound. My entire body trembled; when I thought of water, I thought of Lucien.
Sit her up on the sink. James told him, and Adam lifted me gently.
They're going to find us. And we won't get away again. I was telling Adam desperately, We won't get lucky like that again. And he hit me with it... and maybe if I hadn't fought like that, he wouldn't have... and they were laughing... They were encouraging him, Adam... And you saw it... Oh, God, you saw it... But I wouldn't have wanted to be alone, either.
We are home, darling. We are safe. Look, James is here. You are back home with him.
I don't know if this is real or if I'm still in the house... I don't know what's real...
This is real, Brynna. Adam told me. I will be just outside. Be quick about this, Maxwell, but do not cause her any pain.
You think? James spat at him, Thank you for your assistance.
I squeezed Adam's hand and held it to my face for a minute. Then he left, and James gently removed my clothes. I was covering myself, unsure if it was him there with me, or if Michael was wearing his face. When I looked at him, sometimes his eyes were his own, and other times, they were Michael's; they wore looks of worry and lust, respectively. I could not look at him when his face changed so menacingly.
Look at me, baby. He lifted my head gently. Open your eyes, Brynn. Look at me.
I don't want to do this again. I muttered, It hurt the last time...
It's me, sweetheart. Baby, it's me.
My delirious mind recognized his voice, and I opened my eyes again.
Oh. I thought...
I shook my head and let him usher me towards the shower. After he had taken off his clothes, too, he stepped inside the small wooden tub and then helped me step inside, too.
The water streaming quickly felt like a relentless assault of tiny burning daggers. Immediately, I jumped away, crying hard, feeling that pain and associating the sound of the water with the sight of the swimming pool that had been in my backyard. The physical trauma, however unreal it might have been, coupled with the recalled mental trauma left me a broken, sobbing mess in James's arms. So delicately, he cleaned off my back with a soft washcloth, allowing me to squeeze his back in my hands even when my nails dug into his skin.
I don't like it in here. It's too small.
Now, the tiny space was closing in on me, and I felt sickened by the sudden idea that we were enclosed. I believed wholeheartedly that the shower curtain was actually a wall, and there was no escape.
I'm right here with you, baby. I'm right here with you. He told me softly. Look.
He opened the shower curtain enough that I could feel a rush of cool air on my face and breath it into my lungs.
I just want this to stop, James. When will this be over? I murmured, knowing somewhere in my mind that there was no way he could know that. Still, he lied, or rather, he reassured me through assuming and speaking out loud some truth he could not possibly know in certainty.
Only another hour or so, baby. Most of it is out of your system. These are just the after-effects, and they don't last for long.
When the shower turned off, I was much calmer. In fact, I nearly lapsed into a waking stupor similar to the one that had taken hold of me while Lucien was in the pool. However, this stupor was not populated by demons from my past. It was not populated at all. It was just a quiet, empty space. In the presence of such stillness and silence, I wanted to sleep forever.
My mother liked strange names. I told James completely randomly. She found all of our names in baby books, but she wanted no names that were similar. We all had to have different sounding names with different themes. For me, she liked 'Brianna' but said it was too common. So she found another name like it. Still had the 'br' but she loved that it had a 'y.' She said not a lot of names had a y. With Elijah, she went the Biblical route, and with Violet, she chose her favorite flower. That's a risky route to go; one time I was joking around with her, and I asked what she would have done if her favorite flower had been a chrysanthemum. She thought that was funny; this conversation happened before Lucien died. With Penny, I mentioned once that I loved the name Penelope. I know that she didn't name Penny 'Penelope' for me, though. The most interesting thing is that the strangest name of any of my siblings was definitely Lucien. And yet she, with her love of different names, wasn't the one who picked it. I always thought from a young age that it sounded evil. But he wasn't evil, James. His name didn't fit him. I hate that name. That's why in my mind, I always call him Luc. But I never talk about him out loud. He was only five when he died, and Penny's five. Do you think that means something?
I was sitting on the sink, and he had just finished dressing me, pulling up the zipper of my hoodie that smelled like him from the many times we had embraced while I was wearing it. His eyes rose to look at me as his hands rubbed my arms slowly, almost impulsively.
I don't know, baby. But I do know that Penny's going to be alright. Everything is going to be alright. I promise you. Im going to take care of you, and Im going to take care of her, always. You know that.
I do; I do know that. I looked up at him, and the tears continued to stream from my eyes as I whispered, Things have been so hard.
I could not even harshly criticize myself internally for sounding so childlike when I said it. I was just too tired to be self-critical. 
Things were so easy before, and now theyre not. Its been weeks since weve had sex. Weve never gone this long.
He was quiet for a long time, but worse than that, he avoided my eyes. When he finally looked up at me, and rested both of his hands on my legs, I had prepared myself for some dark confession or some proclamation that despite all that had happened over the previous twelve hours, he simply could not reconcile with me.
I want to be with you. I told him, Do you know that? I know I havent proven it, but I want us to be us again, and I cant do it. 
You dont have to prove that, Brynna. He told me, and his hands grasped my face now. I know you want to be with me. Things have never been easy, I dont think. Theyve just never been this discombobulated, either. But thats not your fault, and I have patience in unthinkable quantities, remember?
I actually smiled ever so slightly.
I know. Do you think I control you? I asked him, my mind jumping ships, so to speak, very quickly. Did you like taking the Peace Fruit? If it weren't for what happened with me, do you think you would still be doing it?
No, He shook his head and kissed my cheek, to both of those questions.
I killed Donovan. I have no right to judge you for what you did to me. You were on drugs. I was sober. The Peace Fruit turned you into something no one could recognize, which is why you hurt me. I don't have that. I was completely sober. And I never felt guilty. I still don't. On Earth, I think I might have felt guilty. You feel guilty about what you did to me even though it wasn't your fault. It wasn't you doing it. You've never done it since. It wasnt my fault, either, but it wasnt yours. I don't feel guilty about Donovan, and his death was my fault. It was me doing it. And I have killed people since. Violet told me on the ship that I was evil. Maura wondered it in her head and didn't think I could hear it. Adam knows it. Do you think that's true?
He pressed his forehead to mine and put both of his hands on my face.
Of course I don't! He whispered firmly, No one does. You killed Donovan because Donovan hurt Penny. You killed those other people because they were attacking us. I would kill anyone who tried to hurt you, Penny, or Violet. And I wouldn't be sorry. You don't have to be sorry for that. You are not evil.
I feel like something is taking over me sometimes, James. I'm feeling it now really strongly because of whatever was in my blood. Whatever that venom did to me, I should say. I feel like it's out of control. They say crazy people don't know they're going crazy, but I do know it.
So you're not going crazy, sweetheart. Brynna... He kissed me softly, Violet told you that because she was angry. And maybe her anger was justified, but she doesn't feel that way now. And Maura is not the best judge of these things. Forget what they said, and just remember what I said. Do you remember when we were in the hall on the ship, and what you said to me?
That I'm toxic? Yes. I remember.
And do you remember what I said?
You said... Tears began to leak from my eyes when I remembered it. You said I was one of the best people you knew.
And you are. You still are. I love you. He told me almost firmly, as though he did not want me to mistake his words as being half-true or not true at all. Not only that, but he wanted me to understand that his love for me was evidence of the argument he was making. So many people love you. How many evil people do you know who have so many people that love them so much?
Not many. I shook my head and wrapped my arms around his neck. After a few minutes, I whispered, I love you, too.
And I did. I loved him so much. Too much, even. The heightened perceptive state was not immune to positivity, I found. While all those fears and regrets tangled with such great sadness and potent fury, the lightest parts of my heart were merely trapped behind barred doors but not lost completely. If one has ever had a dream during which a person is met who perhaps has died or left indefinitely for some other permanent reason but nevertheless is missed terribly, then one recognizes that soaring feeling of tear-inducing joy that accompanies the actual physical touch of that person; truly, you can feel them in your arms when you embrace them, feel their lips on your skin or on your lips when they kiss you, and hear their voice with perfect clarity. In those dreams, when I have them, I am always crying with no shame and confessing many things that I would never say aloud in real life; I am aware that it is a dream and that I am safe there, that all admittances will go unjudged and all my sins will be erased. Weakness does not exist and sorrow is lost forever. It is only that person or people whom I lost and me together, and it is real. For those glorious moments, from the darkest parts of sleep, come the lightest, most joyous realness imaginable.
I could feel James in my arms because he really was in my arms. But that feeling that filled me up as he held me tightly and kissed me gently were exactly what I have just described. The tears that poured from my eyes were tears of happiness, not sorrow, fury, or fear.
He was lying me back down in bed, and I was so tired. My eyes were closing but my arms were staying locked around him as he laid beside me. Adam was elsewhere, so I felt so shame or guilt in holding James to me with no thought of ever letting him go. He was so warm, so I nestled against his firm body and closed my eyes completely as all that fear erased itself.
I don't ever want to lose you, James. I murmured as sleep began to weigh heavily down on every part of me somewhat perfectly.
So gently, he kissed me, and it was just like in the most beautiful and most painful of those nostalgic dreams.
And you won't. Were going to be alright. You hear me? He asked, and I nodded. Were going to be okay, Brynna. He said, and then he kissed me again. Everythings going to be alright. And if the world doesnt let it all be alright just naturally, Ill make it alright. You got it?
I got it. 
He kissed me just as my eyes began to close.
Good. Now go to sleep, my love. My love, He kissed me, My love, And again, My love.
***

When I awoke, both James and Adam were there, but only James was awake. Violet was gone, and I closed my eyes again, picturing the village, scanning it until I found her radiating light. It was at our home, with Penny, Alice, Quinn, and Nick. She was calm, sleeping soundly beside Nick. I knew that she had gone to be with Penny, and that she had commanded both James and Adam to tell her the moment I returned to the land of the sane, or rather, the land where most people were relatively stable in their mental capacity. I take that entire instance of figurative speech back completely; I was returning to consciousness.
James was sitting up, reading something that resembled a newspaper. He was squinting more so than usual, because his glasses were back at the house, and he had not returned to get them. I could smell coffee, and sure enough, when I looked, there was an entire pot sitting beside a cup from which the bitter aroma rose in the steam. My eyes caught sight of rapid movements, and I saw that he was shaking his leg up and down as he read.
Worst thing to drink if you are anxious.
My voice cracked and broke when I spoke, and for a moment, I believed that the harsh tone, similar to that of one who had been smoking for far too long, had been what startled him, not the fact that I was awake and had spoken at all.
Hey. He threw the newspaper aside immediately and knelt beside me. How are you feeling? Do you need anything?
No. My voice was a little bit stronger. How long has it been?
Two days, but
Oh, my God Penny
is perfectly alright. She's worried, but Violet, Nick, Alice, and Quinn are with her, and Ive seen her when Violet brings her by for a little bit. She's been asking for you.
God... I sighed and covered my face, suddenly feeling the urge to cry again. First, she has to hear that I am dead. While I was missing, that is all she heard. Now, she had to fear that I was dead again. She is going to think that I am downright unreliable.
Oh, don't say that. He said, and he came down to kiss my lips tenderly. She's just worried. Violet brought her here an hour ago, I opened my mouth to exclaim, to tell him how wrong they were to allow Penny to see me that way, but he held his hand up to stop me. But every time shes been here, shes stayed out in the hallway.
I sighed slightly in relief and squeezed his hands.
She was a little disappointed, but I told her you were sound asleep, and then she told Violet that she couldnt possibly wake you for her sake, even though she misses you terribly, which, of course, I laughed at ridiculously, as you say.
I was laughing, too, as strongly as I could; though I found his little anecdote incredibly amusing, my laughter was weak. 
She told me I better be taking the best care of you. Before I could even respond, she said she knew that I was. His eyes were cast down from mine, but a small smile was pulling at his lips. Shes such a good kid. Shes the best kid, actually. I know Im biased, because shes like mine. But goddamn, woman, you did good.
Even though I could not laugh, my smile was its typical bright beam. 
I did, didnt I? Of course, I smiled and grasped his hand, Now its both of us, isnt it? I cant take sole credit anymore for her intelligence, manners, or general preciousness. But that is alright. I am glad you are here, James.
Quite randomly, I said:
I love you.
The words seemed to impact him more than they usually did. Certainly, when I admitted my love for him and kissed him to prove just how strong my feelings were, he felt warmth and joy, similar to how I felt when he said and did the same. But after nearly losing me and actually thinking that he had while we were stuck in his nightmare, I knew that hearing me speak at all was a relief to him, but to hear those words meant so much more now. We could fully understand how crippling the idea of being separated by anything was, but the thought of being separated by deathby the last, most permanent boundary of allwas too much for either of us to bear.
When he got up to lie down in bed with me, I gently released Adam's hand. My eyes stayed fixed on him, and I knew that he truly was asleep, as I could hear his heart beating slowly and peacefully. So, without guilt, I turned to James and wrapped myself up in his arms by draping them over me and squeezing my own around his middle. Our bodies were clasped tightly together, and the feel of his firm body against mine sent delightful shivers through me; I had so thought that I would never again experience the wonderful sensations that took hold of me whenever I was in his company.
I love you, too, Brynn. Look at me.
I had buried my face in his chest so I could breathe in his scent. When I looked up at him, he pressed his lips to mine delicately, as though he were afraid that any movement too rough, even that of our lips, would break me. To silence those thoughts, I kissed him back hard and brought my hands up to rest on his face.
I'm sorry. He told me in between my kisses, For everything. I'm sorry.
Don't be. I told him, and once I had pulled away from him, I found that I was shaking my head. You had every right to be upset. Lying to you was wrong of me; I can see how doing so led you to believe that I was hiding something.
You did lie to me, but you had reason to lie. You kept it a secret because you know me. You know how I get... He lowered his voice to a volume so low that I had to read his lips to understand what he was trying to say.
With a slight laugh, I kissed him again and entwined my fingers with his.
I know, and... I lowered my own voice to mock him, envy does not suit you. It contorts your handsome face into an expression of violently green discontent.
His laugh was boisterous, and I immediately shushed him, but Adam had jolted awake, thinking that something was amiss. When he saw us lying there together, his expression soured, but only briefly. Instantly, shame took hold of me, and I wanted to tell James to return to his chair beside my bed, but I did not. Even though I did not want to upset Adam by displaying my reestablished attachment to James, I let James stay beside me and held him tighter when he went to release me.
Never fear. Adam told me softly, and since James did not respond, I realized that he had spoken to me using a direct link to my mind that my power opened up. I understand.
How are you feeling? He said out loud, but his voice was very gentle.
I am alright. Already starting to feel like myself again.
You are starting to look like yourself, as well. Radiant as always. Adam said, and I knew that he was just trying to irritate James, so I did not respond. Because I was silent, he continued. Are you in any pain?
No. I said, Thanks to you two. I know that both of you removed the poison.
Yes. Brynna... Adam knelt on the other side of my bed and gently grasped my chin so he could raise my head. For what he wanted to ask me, I needed to be looking into his eyes. You showed me something. Do you remember what that was?
My heart dropped, and I looked between the two of them with desperation clawing its way to the surface of my consciousness. Tears formed in my eyes, and I blinked them away furiously, determined now that I was well to take up my old policy once again of never showing emotions.
I know that you wish to tell me, but that you are afraid of what I will do. But if it was him... Adam's frighteningly intense green eyes bore into James's burning brown ones, I will find out, and he will suffer for it. I do not care what transpired between the two of you. Every person, from my Orb and from yours, is fully aware by now that the forest holds many great and terrible dangers. You have now had the great misfortune to witness them, and that is because someone pushed you over the ash circle. If that man was him, I can only assume that he knew the trebestia would be waiting for you there. If that is so, then he has made an attempt on your life.
Right, it was me. James replied in a shaking voice. It was me, and now, she's forgiven me for trying to kill her, and that's why I'm right here beside...
It was not James, Adam. I told him. Of course not! He could never do such a terrible thing. Not to me. Not knowingly.
Of course not, baby. James said, and he kissed my cheek. As long as you know that, I don't care what he thinks.
Who else would want to see you suffer, Brynna? Tell me the name of the person who pushed you into the trees.
My head spun, and for the first time in my life, I prayed that my mind would lose itself in the vast black space of unconsciousness. I did not want to answer the question. There would be no stopping either of them once they knew the identity of my attacker. Though I was furious, I did not want harm to befall the person simply because the harm would be too great to imagine. They had witnessed every moment of my suffering. For two days, they had watched me writhe and wail in pain, all while expecting me to succumb to the creatures' venom that was burning me alive from the inside out.
I can't... I whispered, and those pesky tears welled up again. I just do not want to face it. I do not want you two to be so angry and to do something that will shake up the foundation we have begun to build here. If you two murder one of our people, everything will be ruined, don't you understand? This is bigger than my well-being. This is bigger than protecting me. You two must leave this person alone.
If that is what you want, I will. But I need to know who it was, Brynna. James prodded me gently. I need you to tell me who it was and why they did it, though I have a pretty good idea.
Well by all means, share it with us. Adam instructed as he sat back in his chair.
It was Don.
Adam actually laughed out loud, and James scowled at him.
Well, by all means, James said, mocking him, Voice your objection to that, whatever it may be.
Oh, my God or Gods, will you two stop aggravating each other!? I threw myself up into a sitting position, and immediately, the room began to spin. With a groan, I started to fall backwards, only to feel both of their arms behind me, catching me and cradling me. After several long moments, during which Adam kept me sitting up so James could help me drink some delightfully cold water, they were silent and no longer scowling at one another, as they were both looking at me with concerned eyes.
I am fine. And it was not Don.
Of course it was not. Adam replied, and I could hear an air of triumph in his voice. Don would not dare raise a hand to you, let alone make a blatant attempt on your life. He knows that if he were to do that, not only would he lose my assistance in this war, but he would also lose his life. Though his desires are despicable to say the least, and his ways of conducting his people unconventional, he is a smart man. Moreover, he is a living being just like the rest of us; he values the life that was given to him by the one God. He will preserve it any way he can, and if he harmed you in any way, it would be all too easy and all too pleasurable for me to rip that life away from him.
Please tell me that you do not speak to Don about me constantly. Please tell me that it was not you who told him to ask for my help.
Of course not. Adam replied, I do not 'kiss and tell,' as they say.
James went to lunge forward, but I grabbed his hand.
That is enough! I do not find this to be flattering in any sense! In fact, I find this to be downright narcissistic on both of your ends. This has nothing to do with me; this has everything to do with the negative feelings you have towards each other! You are making me a pawn in this, and James, you know how such things absolutely thrill me!
Baby, I am sick of him thinking that he...
I do not care in the slightest what you are sick of Of what you are sick Whatever, I also dont care about the correct syntax of that sentence! Either both of you stop antagonizing one another, or... I sighed heavily and rubbed my eyes. I will have neither of you if you do not stop. I can't take it. I'm very tired.
I had discovered that saying I was physically exhausted protected me from having to say that my emotions had reached their maximum threshold of pressure and the continued application of significant stress would shatter them. As my tired eyes moved slowly between the two of them, drinking in their handsome features like they were capable of restoring the health to my body that had been so violently stolen, my hands grasped theirs. On one side of my body, I felt Adam's coolness; on the other side, I felt James's warmth. Both were equally scintillating. Both were equally beguiling. Both caused my heart to beat just a little faster. Adam had become my friend. There was more to it, as I am sure you have gathered. Much more was there than what I wanted to admit at that time. But James and I had overcome so much together; we had met under harrowing circumstances, only to escape together, to travel worlds together, to experience the end of one life and the beginning of another together. When I pictured my life without him, my heart simply could not bear it. My eyes filled up with tears, and my grip on his hand tightened.
I never expected you to change your mind, Brynna. Adam said, and I turned my gaze to him.
Perhaps it would have been easier if he had shown me how very hurt he was by my final decision. Anger would have aided my quest to feel nothing once again even more. Apathy, arrogance, cutting words... Any emotion would have bandaged the pain in my heart. Even his pain would aid my heart's recovery, because it would have reminded me that what we had experienced together, those feelings, were very real. Instead, he merely smiled slightly and squeezed my hand once before letting go.
Adam, I am sorry.
There was never a question, so you have no reason to apologize. He told me, and his tone was already hardening, returning to that light air of jest that he had used to irritate me in a time that seemed so long ago.
No, I do. I have to apologize to both of you. This is my fault. I let this get out of hand. While we were lost together, and I was afraid, I let my feelings guide me, and I should have been faithful to you, James, but I couldn't be. Not when I was so afraid, and he was there with me, telling me that we were going to be alright, and obviously, not when I was so angry at you for breaking my trust.
I know. Baby, it's natural that you would have relied on him, and as much as I don't like it, it's natural that you would have felt things for him. James told me, and I knew that he meant what he was saying, though I could sense that there was still great suspicion toward Adam's involvement in my new strong feelings for him.
Both of you are so very important to me. I could not say that any louder than a whisper, because my throat had clenched. Adam, what you and I went through...
I know. He nodded. But it is over now. He forced a smile before he leaned down to kiss my forehead. Make sure that you rest. And do not be a stranger.
I nodded and grasped his hand for one last second.
There is nothing for which you need to apologize. He said firmly as he looked down at me. Nothing, do you understand?
I nodded again, but my heart was splitting. Truly, it was. We all say things like that when we are hurting or when we are reflecting back on a time when we were hurt, but the feeling cannot be described any other way. Adam had been by my side while I was counting down the seconds to my death, to the moment when my place in this world of shadows and darkness but also great love and joy would be stolen from me, when a bullet would erase me from an existence that had once been promised to be endless, immortal, irrevocable Adam had kissed my lips and whispered to me that I was so brave, that he was so proud to be by my side, that he wished to be with no one else... Adam had helped me fight them off; Adam had kept me warm through the nights and listened to my deepest thoughts, to my most painful memories that I had shared so tentatively, so reluctantly... but that I had shared. In all the darkest moments of our time together in the forest, he had been right beside me, relying on me, and I had been relying on him, too, even if I had not wanted to admit it. How could I not feel such great affection for him? How could I not wallow in the pain of his leaving? He would still be around, of course. I could still see him, but we had both thought... we had both wondered... What if?
When he left, I wrapped James's arms around me, knowing that a part of him felt great triumph in my rejection of Adam because it meant that I had chosen him. For the last time, I had chosen him. And I had, truly. My love for James was unexplainable and unstoppable, as irreversible as the immortal life that had been gifted to me, that immortal life that had been preserved by the man I had just sent away.
The complications of it all were resounding. They dropped small weights of unimaginable heaviness onto my eyelids and sent voices whispering in my ears that it was time to sleep, to forget.
I love you. I told James, But this is hard for me. That was hard for me. James, a few hours after the city exploded, we ran into my father, Paul, Rich, and a few of their people. I had gotten one of their guns, and I was pointing it at them, but they were begging me not to kill them, so I hesitated. The one time I hesitated And because I hesitated, Paul was able to come up behind me and take the gun...
And so I told him. I left no stone unturned, as they say. As much as I wanted to skim over the part with the man who had almost assaulted me in the worst way, I did not. James's jaw clenched so tightly during that part of my tale that I feared his molars would crack. But he did not stand up and begin to pace. He did not immediately begin making threats. His hands stayed locked around mine, and when I paused, he urged me very gently to continue.
And that's why I feel so strongly for him, because I grew to rely on him. He took care of me, and I took care of him. I do not love him the way I love you, James. But I do love him. That is strange for me to say, considering my aversion to declarations like that and to feeling that way, at all. It is strange because less than a month ago, I hated him. But even though it is strange, it is the truth.
He moved so he was sitting, facing me, on the bed. Both of his hands rested on either side of my neck lightly, his fingers pressed gently into my cheeks as his lips swept over mine slowly, for several long moments. I wrapped my arms around his back so I could run my hands up over his shoulders and back down again, feeling his muscles that my touch had come to know completely.
After he had pulled away, his hands came up to rest on both my cheeks, and he looked at me sadly.
I'm sorry. He said softly, delicately. I'm sorry you had to go through that. And I'm glad he was there.
Do not be sorry. I told him with a slight shake of my head. We just have to move on from this. From all of it. And I don't care about last night. I don't care about the things you said, or what transpired.
Brynn, I have to...
No. I insisted firmly. I truly do not care, James. I just want to move on. Everything I saw... everything that's happened... I want to stop looking back. I want to let it go.
Me too. So what's stopping us?
I don't know. I actually laughed slightly. Nothing now, I suppose.
You're right. Things are going to be different now. I promise, Brynn. I am going to get my anger under control, and I'm going to stop being so jealous. How long have I been being a prick to you? How many days?
Oh, goodness I sighed heavily and looked up softly, Approximately three hundred and ninety, give or take a few
He laughed hysterically and kissed me hard.
Fine, smart-ass, then I have to spend the next three hundred and ninety years making it up to you.
Years? I asked.
Years. I'll do the dishes every night. I'll skin the deer and rabbits that we get. I'll work on my cooking skills so the nights that I cook arent the worst nights of the week like they have been. Ill learn to braid Pennys hair.
Oh, my stars. I grimaced in mock horror. Let's not get carried away.
We both laughed again.
Yeah, maybe not that. This conversation is totally new for me, by the way.
How so?
Normally, I'm not the one who needs to change.
Well, you're not the only one in this case. I have to work on some things, too.
Yeah. Like not scaring your boyfriend nearly to death, because he is up there in years and is therefore more likely to suffer heart problems. That's a good place to start.
I apologize, baby. Please, do not suffer heart problems on my account. I am already turning your hair gray. I ran my hand over his head where a small patch of gray had formed just at his hairline close to his ear.
Oh, God, don't remind me. I always said I wouldn't dye my hair, but now that I don't have that option
James Maxwell, if you were to dye your hair, I would promptly break up with you! I exclaimed, laughing hysterically.
I'm sorry, madam, do you want to walk around with an old geezer when you're in the prime of your life?
I already do, darling.
He was genuinely shocked at that, and I laughed so uproariously that I earned us several dirty looks from two Pangaean doctors who passed by the door of my room.
That was... I have to start watching my step now that you're well again. I walked right into that. Shit.
You totally did! You know I'm just kidding. Despite your age, you are ridiculously attractive, and though I do not think that your hair will go gray since your aging has stopped, I would not be terribly offended if it did. I would still find you to be erotically stimulating.
Erotically stimulating... He repeated with a particularly ridiculous, proud grin and with a look off in the distance. I like that. If I had business cards, it would go right under my name.
Yes, I am sure that it would. I replied with a roll of my eyes.
He kissed me again gently, and my arms wrapped around his neck tightly. I pulled him so he was over top of me and kissed him a little harder.
I want to go home. I whispered as his lips moved over to my cheek, then up to my forehead, and then down to my other cheek. Take me home, James.
He smiled and kissed me again.
I think they want to keep you here.
I am perfectly well and therefore have no reason to stay in an infirmary, which is for people who are decidedly unwell.
Oh, Lord, the long sentences are back. Normally, I take that as a sign that you're feeling alright, but this time, I don't know. Baby, we don't even know what those things are, and it's not a good idea for you to leave until the doctors say its okay...
One of my signature frowns made him stop objecting.
Do not mistake my injuries as being so painful or life-threatening that I will not hurt you if you do not call that doctor in here so I can assure him that home is where I need to be, James Maxwell.
Do not assume that I will let you leave here if your injuries worry the doctor, and as a result of his worry, he wants to keep you here for further observation, Brynna Olivier.
Did you just sass me back?
You bet your ass I did! He replied with another far too proud grin. Not so fun when the shoe is on the other foot, is it, my love?
I smiled and pulled him down to me so I could kiss him again.
It is not. However, if you want to have a different kind of fun later, I recommend that you convince that doctor to let me go home.
He looked down at me for a long second, and I smiled up at him.
Doctor!
You dog!
I'm just kidding. His brows wrinkled, and he deepened his voice when he added, Or am I?
After another round of laughter, I rolled my eyes again.
Shut up, James.
***

Dr. Miletus sent me home with various scrubs and ointments, all of which were meant to keep me from experiencing any pain. Though at first she had stated clearly that I would be staying overnight so she could watch for any deterioration in my condition, after I argued with her as mildly as I could for as long as I could, she relented, and seemed glad to be rid of both James and me.
We walked with our arms around each other up the path, huddled together to protect from the biting cold. James's jacket was wrapped around me, and the smell of him to which I had become so accustomed filled my nose not only when I buried my face in his chest, but when I looked up at him, too. Every time I did the latter, he smiled that slight grin of his and kissed me.
Upon entering our house, I knew that a secret was being kept by both him and Violet, who was awake and waiting for us. I knew by the cold way Violet was looking at him, in the very vague imploring behind his eyes when he looked back at her. Looking between the two of them, I decided that I would rather uncover the bombshell than let it lay hidden and waiting for the most inopportune time to explode. 
My heart began to ache; I knew what had happened, because I knew that only one thing could make Violet so angry. Only one betrayal on Jamess part could make her look at him the way she was. 
Of course, I never could have imagined the many terrible layers of that particular secret.
I have not read any minds, I said after a long moment of awkward silence, So do not blame each other for my knowing. Your body language and my prior knowledge of both of you has led me to this conclusion. Violet, he did the worst, yes? Only that could make you so angry.
Yeah, he did! She exclaimed furiously, and as she continued, her voice rose, breaking slowly all the while, and tears began to pour from her eyes. It was evident to me that she had been holding in that outburst the entire time I had been so sick. 
And also, She continued, When I went to get him so he could help you, he was so drunk he could barely stay awake, and then when one of his disgusting friends tried to rape me right in front of him, he just passed back out! And fucking Rene just sat there and let them do it! And he wasnt even drunk
What? James asked, walking forward. Violet
Oh, like you care! She screamed, as tears poured from her blazing red eyes, You were so pissed at Brynna, you probably wanted your friends to do that to me, to get back at her!
Violet! He exclaimed, so shocked that she would say such a terrible thing that his eyes widened to their farthest reaches for a moment.
No! Dont even try to tell me that its not true! Why else would your best friend, who weve seen every day for a year, just sit there and let that fat motherfucker do that to me?! James, I screamed and cried and begged you to help me, but you didnt wake up, and you told me that you fucked someone else!
I crossed the room and wrapped her in my arms, easing her head onto my chest where her sobs grew to full-blown wails. 
Violet, sweetheart James said somewhat desperately as he took a step towards her. 
No, dont you Violet, sweetheart her! I snapped at him fiercely. Right in front of you, James? I kissed Violets forehead, seeing in her mind the sensory images branded into her memory: The fat mans greasy hair, the stench of liquor on his breath, his crooked smile, his weight crushing down on her, and his hands touching her all over. Sickened; I was sickened seeing it, knowing that she now felt as I did, as I had for so many years. In her remembrance, I saw James, passed out, and I heard my little sisters deafening, terrified screams for him to wake up and help her, and to help me, as well.
You have had the nerve to look me in the eye for the past three days I whispered, my voice trembling dangerously. You never mentioned it. You never said what almost happened to her!
When was I supposed to say that, Brynna? He asked, his voice calm, almost defeated.
Immediately! As soon as I awoke, you should have told me what had happened! Oh, but of course you did not tell me, because then I would have found out all about your indiscretion, wouldnt I? I would have found out not only that you were with someone else, but that one of your friends almost almost Goddamn it, James! I pulled away from Violet so I could look at her.
Did you go into town to get a charge for your music player today? Go in your room and listen to it. I will be in to talk to you in just a few minutes, okay?
No, dont send her away before we can settle this. Violet! James called after her, but she had already scampered off into her room and closed the door. For a moment, I could see in my mind her crying into her pillow hysterically, covering her ears. In her mind, I saw her memories of my parents fights, and her acknowledgment of the fact that James and me fighting was so much worse.
Baby James started.
I held my hand up to stop him abruptly. 
Brynna
This I held my hand up again, is a universally acknowledged sign for stop. In this case, it means stop running your mouth. Shut it. Be quiet.
I was drunk. He continued calmly. And if Im being honest
You?! I asked in fake awe. Wait, have you ever been dishonest? Oh, James, please confess these instances of dishonesty to me now! For Gods sake! The day someone calls you honest will be the day someone calls me Ms. Congeniality, James Maxwell, so do not even go there!
I walked right into that He murmured, But Brynna, I am being honest now: I took the Peace Fruit.
Of course you did! I actually laughed uproariously in such a bitter, venomous rage. My entire body was shaking, and my eyes were red. Why wouldnt you?! We were broken up; you were a free man! Oh, but I had better watch myself, shouldnt I? You are a danger to me if you took the Peace Fruit a few days ago. I am surprised you are not beating me senseless for raising my voice to you!
That didnt happen to me this time. I only took one, and thats why I was nodding off. I didnt hear her screaming for me. He closed the space between us and tried to grab my hands, but quickly, I shook his off. 
Brynna He said imploringly, desperately. You know I would never let something like that happen to her! I love her so much. I could never let someone hurt her!
Maybe you could. Maybe shes right. Maybe you were so angry at me, and you were so drunk, that you wished for her to be harmed that way knowing how terribly that would hurt me, as well. Knowing that I would blame myself. The only way to truly hurt me is to hurt her or Penny!
No, dont you say that! He snapped at me, and his eyes were not red, but they were certainly blazing. Dont even suggest that! You know thats not true! I could never let something like that happen!
I was sick, and you were drunk and high, and she almost...! I lowered my voice, but the fury was no less overt or forceful, She almost got raped. I think my reasons for not being there to stop it are valid, dont you? But your reasons? Not so much. You were having a grand old time with your repulsively grotesque and abhorrently juvenile friends, drinking and partying like pathetic, over-aged frat boys, all because you were jealous that I had spoken to Adam. I had not had sex with him, or even kissed him; in fact, I barely touched him! But just speaking to him was enough for you to have a bitch fit to rival a teenage girls! And then, as I am writhing in a field, practically within an inch of my life, even then, crying for you, screaming for you, Violet is pleading with you to help me, and you tell her I stopped to run my shaking fingers through my hair. 
Brynna He grasped my face, holding it firmly when I went to pull away, forcing me to look at him. It meant nothing.
You think I hissed at him, You think I give a shit that you fucked someone else?! I screamed the last part. You think I care about that after what Violet just told me?! 
Im not
Who was it? I demanded.
It doesnt matter
I am not asking you because it matters. I am asking you because I want to know who would have sex with you knowing that you and I were together! Who was it? Was it that stereotypically dimwitted bleached blonde girl, Kara? She has always had her eye on you. She is always following after you, laughing at everything you say. She and that woman, Michelle. They are a little older than me, so maybe people will not stare as much
He mumbled a name, avoiding my eyes.
I am sorry, what?! I demanded. I suppose I have to beg your pardon, because I cannot hear you when you murmur in shame at the floor, James!
But just like that, the door burst open, and Adam, sans his cane, standing upright, completely healed, kicked in my front door. Janna was on his heels, saying nothing, looking proud of herself; I would remember that look of pride later.
I will not do this in front of you. I ask that you leave. Adam growled at me, his eyes locked on James.
You told him?! James exclaimed.
You told her?! Janna exclaimed back, mocking him.
Janna?! I screamed, and she looked at me. There was a heavy silence between us that lingered for an almost awkward amount of time.
What? She asked impatiently after several seconds.
It was her?! I exclaimed.
You do not know how to keep your hands to yourself, do you, Maxwell? Adam asked, and I realized that I was standing in between them, my hands on Adams chest, pushing him backwards, away from James. James was trying to get around me, wanting to fight Adam as much as Adam wanted to fight him. I was sandwiched in between them, and the irony of it was not lost on me.
Brynna, get out of the way! James ordered, but I was holding them both apart now by outstretching my arms to both sides as far as they could go. If this son of a bitch wants to kick in my front door, then I will
Yes, yes, youll kick in his face, whatever! I shouted. Both of you stop! 
I shouted so forcefully that a vase of flowers Penny had filled earlier shattered, sending water spreading across the countertop to fall over the edges and patter loudly on the floor. James and Adam both hurled backwards, held firmly to opposite walls by the force of my mind control.
I am shocked that you told her, Maxwell! Here I thought I would have to tell her! You would simply wait another year to confess your lies!
You knew he was with me! I screamed at Janna.
Yes, and Adam is with me!
What?! I exclaimed, and I rounded on Adam, I must say, never once in any of our discussions did he mention having some romantic connection to the queen of where we were going.
Oh, it is more than a romantic connection, dear. I am his wife! I am the mother of his children! And my, how that must pain you How it must pain you to see the evidence of his lies standing right here before you.
That does not hurt me, sweetheart; that should hurt you. I suppose you are so inconsequential that he found you unworthy of mentioning. And I dont know why you are so up in arms about him and I, because I never had sex with him!
Yes, but you tried, and dont deny that you did! And my husband does not find me inconsequential! He just
Inconsequential is the tamest word I would use, actually Adam chimed in.
My God, you are the leader of an entire village, and yet you resort to petty high-school sabotage in order to get back at me for something that did not even occur! What did you tell her, Adam?!
I told her nothing, Brynna. He told me, his voice slightly more gentle now that he was addressing me. She read it in my heart. She saw it.
It. What exactly was it?
You will not hurt him! I snapped at Adam. I might be furious, but I do not want any harm to come to him, do you understand? In return, I will not rip your wifes heart from her chest right now!
Please, try it! Try it, and you will not live to take one step! Janna shouted at me, and I actually laughed.
Make no mistake, Janna, my injuries will not keep me from inflicting more than sufficient damage on you. In fact, it will be more than sufficient. There will be nothing left of you!
That is what you think! She laughed now. Humans, you are all the same! So overly confident, so boisterous! But it is empty. It is folly.
Is it empty folly? I asked sarcastically, and her eyes turned even redder.
Do not mock me, human!
Ladies! Adam exclaimed, and my mental grip on him and James released. That is enough! Maxwell, I want you gone. I will not kill you merely because she has asked me not to kill you. But you will not stay here!
Cant handle the competition. Thats cute.
He is not leaving! I snapped before Adam could return Jamess taunt, Well, he is leaving my house, certainly, but he is not going out into the forest! You know what is out there, Adam!
Yes, and that is precisely why he will go! So he can last less than one day before he is ripped apart violently by any number of the violent creatures out there. I pray that it is a Shadow. You know they turn whomever they eat, or rather, whomever they eat, turns. You will tumble and fall through hell for all eternity, Maxwell, and I will think on that for a laugh when I need one!
If you make him leave, I will leave, too! I screamed, I will go with him, even though looking at your face I turned my fiery gaze to James, is enough to make me want to strangle you! If you make him leave, Adam, I will go with him!
You will do no such thing! He barked at me. I will not allow it!
Oh! James exclaimed with a triumphant laugh. Bad move, but I think you already know that, dont you?
You wont allow it?! You wont allow it?! I screamed at him somewhat insanely. Get out! Both of you! We will be gone within the day! All of this is completely out of control, and I will not deal with it! I am so tired of all of this! Of you lying! I screamed at James. Of you manipulating, ordering people to do your bidding! I screamed at Adam. Of you I screamed at Janna, I have only known you for a few short days, and already, I am tired of you! Things have been completely out of control! Things have been so hard for us. I was speaking to James, And now you tell me that you had sex with her, and she had sex with you because she wanted to get back at Adam, and now I suppose Adam and I should have sex to get back at you two!
I am open to Adam began.
Shut up! I screamed at him, I would never do that! But allegedly, weve already done enough to warrant these acts of revenge on their parts!
Adam knew I was gearing up for a huge outburst, one that could possibly involve tears.
Janna, get out. Adam ordered, and Janna left after scowling darkly at him.
 Never mind that Rich Bachum whipped me with a vine; never mind that my father hit me and said that he wished I were dead; never mind that that man, Ray, tried to rape me, because none of that is an excuse for me growing closer to you, Adam! None of that is an excuse for me needing you and relying on you and loving you! Or feeling fondness for you! Feeling an attachment to you! Even though you were there that night, holding me and telling me everything was going to be okay, and if you hadnt been there, I would be dead or worse! Why should I be allowed to talk to you when you are the only person who knows what happened, who can tell me that we are alright like you did that night?! And I cant have sex now, apparently, because something has shut off. I cant turn off my thoughts enough to do it. Im pushing him away, so of course he found someone else. Why wouldnt he? Ive been completely completely cold, or whatever the word is! Ive been distant! Ive been picturing a rapist every time we tried to have sex!
I slammed myself down onto the sofa, and I will admit, began to cry like a tiny child in my hands. Adam came up behind me to grasp my shoulders, and James kneeled in front of me immediately. 
No. Brynna, that had nothing to do with this. Look at me. Part of the reason why I didnt want to tell you is because I knew that you would blame yourself. I was angry, and she told me everything I wanted to hear, and then He stopped and looked up at Adam. His tone changed completely. Do you mind? This is kind of personal.
How my wife seduced you is certainly not personal as you say. Rather, it most certainly does involve me. Now, when I say seduced, I am not implying that you are a victim in any way. However, you are not the first. So please, continue.
James began to protest his presence, but I took my face out of my hands and protested his protest. 
He has a right to know. 
James looked unsure, possibly mutinous, but still, he continued for my sake, his tone not gentle or forceful, but rather, nonexistent; it was simply dead, objective, emotionless.
We had sex, but it was nothing, Brynna. I was so mad, thinking that you and him He stopped, rerouted. While we were He rerouted again. You and I were having problems. He said delicately.
Yes, that does happen to human men your age. Adam said, How very unfortunate. How very belittling. How very hilarious, too, for me.
Adam, I swear to God, if you dont
Alright. I said quietly. The testosterone-fueled hissy fits from both of you and the rap battle insults are beginning to irritate me, so Adam, James and I need some time alone.
Of course. Adam replied gently. I am sorry that I have so rudely barged into your home.
Okay. 
He leaned down and kissed the top of my head. 
Send for me if you need me. And you He pointed at James, You just be thankful that she saved my life. Be thankful that her opinion and her happiness matter more to me than my own rage. Or you would be dead, Maxwell, and believe me, your death would not have been quick.
Yeah, tell your wife I said thanks, and Ill have two oranges to pay her with tomorrow. 
James! I exclaimed, slamming my hand down on the sofa beside me in frustration.
You would insinuate that she is a common whore when she is the leader of her people?! Adam asked, but there was significantly less fire in his tone and his words than I could have expected after James said something so terrible.
Would you prefer that she was an uncommon whore? Because I will tell you that the way she said I had her love afterwards was uncommon, but the sex was common. For me, at least. Your wife, on the other hand, she seems to enjoy the company of human men, as you called me, very much.
James, that is enough! I shouted at him. You will not needle him like that right in front of me! You doing that is rude, at best, and at worst, it is completely degrading to her! If you are going to equate however nonverbally your intercourse with Janna to winning a gold medal that brings untold chauvinistic glory to all males everywhere, then you can leave right now, and I will listen to nothing more from you.
Alright, Im done. James said, and Adam left with only a dangerous chuckle. After he left, James grasped my hands. After a minute, he spoke.
It could have been anyone. She was just the first one to come along, asking me if I wanted to. And I was so pissed, I barely looked at who she was. And honestly, I didnt recognize her. When she introduced herself to the group, I was so mad at you that I wasnt paying attention. I promise you that, Brynn. I didnt realize that she was Adams wife until it was over, and of course, I was entertained by the irony of it, because I believed that you were having something with him
Do you honestly think I would ever do something like that? I demanded, tears held in my eyes but not falling, thankfully. There were extenuating circumstances that led to us almost having sex. You and I were broken up. We were out there facing the odds together. We were almost shot, execution-style, James. Yes, while we were waiting for them to shoot us both in the back of the head, we kissed, and it did mean something, but we were about to die. I needed him.
God, baby, I had no idea. He said, and I could see how ashamed of himself he was. About any of it. I knew it was something, but I never could have imagined that it was that bad
It is not that bad. It is certainly not what happened with Michael.
It doesnt matter! It was still terrible, and you have every right to feel like you do. None of what happened has anything to do with you.
You couldnt just go sleep with Kara, or Michelle, or someone normal? Someone who wasnt the wife of the leader who can barely stand our presence on his planet as it is? I asked him softly.
I could have, but I didnt know it was her, and when I did know, I did think about how much it would hurt both of you if it was her. It was kind of like two birds, one stone: Cheating on you at all would hurt you, and it being Adams wife would get back at him for what I thought was him trying to steal you away from me.
You were sober? I asked.
Yes. He answered, And Ill admit to you, I wasnt sorry right after it happened. But I am sorry now. I was so angry, sweetheart; I was so jealous, and I wanted to make you mad
And, I mean, who could resist her, right? Shes so pretty, and sparkling, and those black pants? They really showcase her perfect, hourglassian figure. Of course you would want her. I started to cry again, And why would you turn down that chance, when I dont look like I stepped out of a Dominatrixes-R-Us catalog all the time, and I wasnt I wasnt keeping you I wasnt giving anything up. Why would you say no to her at that point? What difference did any of what happened to me make when you have your needs, right? But my stars, James I really thought you understood. How easily you are able to fool me. I dont understand how you do it. I really dont.
He pulled me to him, and I cried with my face pressed into the side of his neck for a long time. I heard him sniffle once, and he reached up to wipe at his eyes. 
Youre perfect, Brynna. He said. I love you more than anything, and I didnt care that you and I were having those issues. I only cared that you got better. Thats all I wanted, sweetheart. How could I care about anything else?
We were quiet for a few more minutes, except for my hiccupping and gasping that often followed hysterical tears. He held me, and I held onto him, wondering if this really was it, if we really were over. I could not begin to fathom it; I knew that I could survive without him, but I did not want to live without him, though surely that does not make any sense. It is not that I wanted to die if I could not be with him, it is that it would make me very sad to make him leave, to see him with another woman, to see him at all, really I could not begin to imagine Pennys disappointment and her sadness; she would hate to see James go. Violet would, as well, I believed, after a while.
I need some time. I told him softly.
I know. He replied. How long?
I dont know.
Dont say that. You and I both know what that means.
No. I pulled away from him and shook my head. It does not mean that, James. It does not mean that I want to end this permanently. I just need some time to get myself in order, to decide how I want to deal with this. If I am being honest now, I will say that there is a chance, and I do not know how large this chance is, that by the end of this time neither you nor I will want to continue this.
I will. I am going to give you all the time you need, and Ill be waiting for you at the end of it. No matter how long it is, Ill wait. His hands squeezed mine tightly, and when I looked up into his eyes, he spoke softly. I have put you through hell this past year, Brynna. I left you at the campsite when I shouldnt have. I ate the Peace Fruit and hurt you. I lied to you about knowing Adam. I kept secrets from you. Now, I did the worst. You gave me your trust, and I swore to you that I wouldnt make you regret it, and I have. Ive made you regret it over and over again. Youre sensible, almost to a fault, and because of that, youve put me out before. Im saying that because I know that you making me leave is the right thing. I deserve it, after all of this. After all of the shit Ive put you through. Im so sorry for all of it. I need you to know that, and I need you to know that I will make it up to you. I promise I will. I am going to fix everything. Ive asked you for so many chances. I just need one more, sweetheart. If I break your trust one more time, then Ill tell you to go; Ill want you to go. Just one more chance.
I might give you one, and I might not. That is why I need time. I need time to decide if I want to give you that one chance to either fix things or break things all over again. I dont know if I can stand for the latter to occur again. I love you so much I wiped at my still tearing eyes with shaking hands, But I need you to pack your things and stay somewhere else for a while until I figure this out. I have given you so many chances, and you know that I am not a forgiving person. I cant decide if my continued excusing of your missteps is the result of my love for you, or if I am very stupid, or both. But I think it is because I love you so much, and because we have built this life together, and you are stable and familiar and comforting because of that. But we have spent every day fighting on and off. I just need some time to align things. I need to sort it all out.
He kissed my shoulder, holding his lips there for a long time before kissing me again. The warmth that normally accompanied his kisses was absent, and the chill left in its place was jarring.
I could not watch him pack his things. When he turned to me on the front porch so he could kiss my cheek, I moved my face away and avoided his eyes. 
I love you. He told me. 
Yes. And despite all of this, I love you, too. Take care of yourself, James. 
With that, I closed the door, slunk into Violets room to find that she had fallen asleep with her headphones blasting in her ears. I looked outside, at the position of the moon; the confrontation between James, Adam, Janna, and me had lasted for well over two hours. I thanked God that Penny was spending the night at her friends house. Otherwise, my explosion of rage at James never would have occurred, and even more certainly, Adam never would have broken down my front door. 
Wishing desperately that Violet was awake so I could at least comfort her even though I could not be comforted by anyone, I touched her arm, not intending to wake her. Instead, I merely wanted to peek into her mind to ensure that she was sleeping as peacefully as her slow, even breaths suggested she was. Her mind was blissfully blank, and I did not want to disturb it, so very carefully, like a doctor making a precise incision in the skull and rooting very cautiously inside the brain with a sterile tool, I picked through her memories until I found the one of that night. A torrent of sound exploded through my mind: Violets screams, the whoops and taunts and encouragements of the men watching, the disgusting mans own words Her eyes had been fixated on James, and she was screaming at him so desperately, choking on her sobs as they fell from her, begging him to help her, to help me The boy who had helped carry me had killed the disgusting man on top of Violet, but the others had run away. I told my mind to slow down the replaying of the memory, and it obeyed; frozen in time, there within my head, were the terrified faces of the men who had watched but not intervened. I squeezed my closed eyes shut a little harder, as though snapping the lens of a camera down to take a picture, and sure enough, when I opened my eyes, their faces were cemented in my memory, as if I truly needed them to be; I recognized all of them by face, and the one I knew by name, the one who was Jamess best friend, the one whom even Violet had known, was not that drunk and was not high at all like the rest of them. This man, who had always sat beside us at the dinner table in Dons house, had visited us so often, who was one of Jamess very best friends, had stood idly by and allowed my sister to be violated in the worst way.
Rage burned through me, eating through the grief I inevitably felt at Jamess departure. In fact, that rage ate through every last thought in my mind. For the first time since she had been a little girl, I leaned down and kissed Violets head. Her cheek rubbed against the pillow for a second, and I feared that I had awoken her, but her breathing remained slow and steady, and her eyes remained closed. Carefully, I stood up, and quietly, I exited the room and the house. 
That rage was quiet and left room in my mind to think about other troubling things. A part of me wanted to run after James, to ask him to come back. But a stronger part of me knew that we needed time apart. I worried that he would find someone else and that he would move on without me. He had said so many times how often he flitted in and out of relationships on Earth. Would I just be one of those sad women he left behind? Would he show me that everything we had had together was actually nothing? 
I did not know where I was going, so I followed the scent I remembered so well. When I climbed the steps to the house, I did so slowly, still lost in my thoughts about James. It was only once the hard wood of the door banged painlessly into my forcefully swinging fist that the quiet rage took the forefront of my minds perceptions, and I became once more focused on the task at hand.
Rene was at the door. The smile on his lips when he saw me was perfunctory, meant to cover the anxiety that welled to life inside him when he saw me. His mind was constructing walls, and he did not even realize it. If I could just find a reason to touch his hand, there would be no stopping me. Sometimes, when a persons mind was adamant about protecting a secret, direct physical contact was the only way to ensure an astute telepathic connection and the subsequent accurate reading. 
Hello. I said, with a slight smile, Can I come in? I have a favor to ask you.
Um Yeah. Of course, Brynn. He stepped aside and let me in. 
Is something wrong? I asked, just to give him the chance to confess what he had done. Even if he did, I would not stop. You seem tense, Rene.
No. No, nothings wrong. How can anything be wrong when were here and were safe, right?
My mind was besieged by memories of us sitting around the dinner table at the house, talking, laughing, drinking wine until our minds were hazy and our cares were lost He and James had had so many inside jokes that they would patiently explain to me. They would laugh hysterically when I would merely shake my head in response to those jokes and say in a tone of exaggerated boredom and slight exasperation at having to suffer through such childish stupidity, Well, gentlemen, I suppose, as always, I just had to be there, as they say He had visited us in our rooms, and we had lounged on the couches and talked. He had played with Penny in the lake on our off-days. He had always joked with Violet; she always had said he was like James but not quite as funny, but still funny. 
Thinking about it, and perhaps I was merely seeing what I wanted to see because I had so resolutely made up my mind, I realized that he had always been strangely fixated on Violet. And it was after realizing it that my mind supported it with more evidence than I could possibly create on my own: I had overheard him many times inquiring about her relationship with Nickhow long they had been together, what they liked to do on dates, if he ever did anything that annoyed herand she had answered his inquiries with ease, believing them just to be his way of making conversation. He had always, I realized, sat either directly beside her or across from her at dinner. Every so often, he would clap her on the shoulder or touch her back, only when the gesture never could be doubted; the situation absolutely had to support his physical contact with her.
Now, all of that would have led me to believe that he had a crush on her, and I would have been right. Moreover, I would have been utterly disgusted that a forty-something year old man had developed a crush on a girl who would be forever seventeen years old. Now, I was only five years older than Violet, physically, but as I have stated before, I was so much older mentally, and as my telling of this tale has revealed, I could more than handle my much older boyfriend in both good times and bad. Violet, on the other hand, was seventeen in body and in mind, and there was no way that Rene could not have noticed that. 
I would have been disgusted if it were only a crush, but it was not only a crush. It was a sick attachment, maybe even an obsession, that had led him to watch her nearly being assaulted. Her assault would have been her punishment for what he perceived to be her rebukes of his affections. That is why he was sneering ever so slightly as the disgusting fat man tried to pull her pants down. That is why, even though he was mostly sober, he did not intervene. Despite his feelings for her, he still wanted to see her hurt.
The door closed, and I knew that I could let the animal out of its cage, but I did not. Instead, I sat down on his couch and watched as he walked across the room and sat down across from me.
Is everything alright? He asked.
I dont know how I did not see it, Rene. How could I have missed it?
Missed what? Oh, Brynn He sighed heavily and rubbed his eyes. His body relaxed, and the barriers his mind had been building were swept away effortlessly, but I did not need to see into his mind anymore. I had already deciphered him.
You gotta know that he didnt mean it, sweetheart. It was just because he was drunk. It didnt mean anything to him. He loves you so much. Youre his world, man. Youre everything.
Yes, well, whether I am his everything or his world is irrelevant, and just for your information, though I suspect you already know, he was not drunk. That is not why I am here.
Then what were you talking about earlier? He asked, and the walls began to rebuild in his mind.
I am talking about Violet.
I left it at that. He knew to what I was referring. I could tell by the way his eyes widened and his shoulders tensed, by the way his hands began to press together and pull apart compulsively. As his eyes darted all over the room, mine stayed locked on him. 
Its nothing, man. Its nothing at all.
Is it not, man? Really? Rene I leaned forward, I am here to give you my blessing.
He looked up at me, so much hope in his eyes that I almost felt sorry for him.
What? He asked.
But first, Rene I said, You have to tell me why you didnt stop that man the other night when he was hurting her, and dont lie to me.
Whatever man we had come to know while we were living in the house was gone. In his place was not a barbarous predator nor a mindless, lovesick, misguided sap; he was suddenly a child. The man with whom James had used to box, lift weights, shoot guns, smoke cigars, drink booze, and work for hours in the blazing sun, was suddenly gone, and there was this strange little creature there before me. I had known Rene for a year rather well, so the sudden change in him was unexpected, to say the least. 
I just He stopped and squeezed the bridge of his nose, Brynn, its so stupid, but I was just so pissed at her, okay? I cant stand seeing her with that guy. Im not obsessed with her. I sound obsessed with her, but Im not. I dont want you to think that, okay? I just really like her. Shes beautiful, and smart, and funny, and Ive been fighting this for a really long time. I promise, I have been fighting it, with absolutely everything I have, cuz I know shes not like you. Shes less mature; shes still such a kid. But I cant fight it. Every time I try to stop thinking about her, I cant. Every time Im with other women, I cant stop picturing her
My eyes closed for half a second when I heard that. Of everything he had said thus far, that turned my stomach worse than any of them.
Im sorry, He said, because he had seen my vast discomfort for that one millisecond. Im so sorry, Brynna.
And he did sound genuinely sorry.
I know its strange. I know its different than you and James, cuz youre way more mature than Violet, but you have to know He leaned closer to me, I can take care of her, okay? I can make her mature. I asked her once if she was still a virgin, and she isnt, and that guy doesnt deserve to be with her like that. Hes a little boy, and hes making her worse. Hes making her act stupid.
 Are you from the Old Spirit camp? I interrupted him, when I felt that rage go from a quiet whisper to a murmur.
No! What?! Brynna, you think Im one of those people they put here?
God, no! I exclaimed, and I laughed in genuine amusement, You reveal secrets far too easily and quite frankly, even before this conversation, I always found you a little dim. My boyfriend was an engineer, for the sake of all deities and Gods, and I could never understand what he found appealing in you intellectually. Personality-wise, I got it. Well, until now.
Brynna, Ive fought it, okay?! But shes all I think about. At first, I was going to stop him
The rage went from a murmur to a normal conversational volume.
but I thought that maybe if it started to happen, and I stopped it, shed I dont know, love me? No, not love me Thats ridiculous. Shed be thankful, and shed want to show me how thankful she was
Normal conversational volume to a voice raised to speak over another.
Ill be so good to her. I know youre mad right now. I can see it. I can definitely feel it in your heart. You said you were here to give me your blessing, and I fell for it. I admit it. But I want you to know that it is going to happen either way.
Once again, are you from the Old Spirit camp? Because, my stars, you sound like one of them.
No! He said, Brynna, its going to happen either way. You keep talking about the Old Spirits, but I dont need them to arrange the marriage for me like what Don says they do up there. She wants me, too. Ive felt it. In her heart, Ive felt it.
A raised voice to a shout.
All she needs is a little push, okay? All she needs is exactly what almost happened to her the other night. But shes not going to be upset like that. Hes not me. Shell be alright if its me. Ill make her forget all about that German kid, okay? And shell grow up real quick 
And the shout went to a shriek. I was on him, one hand pushing his chest and the other shoving his head to one side. When my fangs ripped into his throbbing vein, he howled in agony, so I bit down harder. When my mouth was open to its farthest reaches, and as much of his neck as possible was clamped down between my fangs, I ripped backwards, sending a spray of blood outwards in every direction. I stood up and backed away, trying to avoid the stream of it. Of course, some did splatter onto me, but I walked sideways coolly to avoid becoming too saturated. His head was back, and I realized that I had broken his neck. Blood and white froth seeped from his mouth, and tears rushed from his eyes. His words, so sick, so utterly psychotic, such irrefutable proof of his dangerous delusions, echoed through my mind. I was going to kill him regardless of whether he truly was infatuated with her or not. But because he had spoken such disgusting words to me before I had severed his carotid artery and snapped his neck-bone, I reached out, grasped his chin, and broke his jaw for good measure. 
Shell grow up real quick Shell grow up real quick It does not take any practitioner of mental health hokum to decipher why such words would bore into me with such razor-sharp, red-hot force. 
Don was not sick. This manthis predatorwas sick.
Brynna 
Hmm? I asked calmly, because I recognized the voice and knew what he had come there to do. When I turned around, I saw Nick was standing there, dressed in all black, hiding (quite unsuccessfully) a gleaming silver knife in his hand. I smiled with genuine warmth as I looked at him; the black clothes, the knife, the dodgy look in his eyes, were all signs of inexperience, of very slight theatrics, even. I pictured him slinking into the house and waiting in the dark until Rene came home. Then, he would deliver a speech about how disgusting Rene was for witnessing what had happened to Violet, and how he deserved to die for it. If only he knew the extent of it
Nicks eyes moved from me to Rene, who was still gasping and bleeding out, his jaw hanging half off, making his mouth eerily too large. He rushed forward, raising the knife, his hand trembling viciously, his large young eyes, normally so present and thoughtful, even when they were alight with mindless, youthful joy, blazing with wrath. Before he could plunge the knife into Renes chest, I grasped his wrist to stop him. 
No, no I said, almost soothingly, as though I were speaking to a small child, It is alright. You dont have to.
She told me that he wasnt that drunk! He was letting it happen! He didnt stop that man! I will kill all of them, Brynna! Starting with finishing him off!
No. I said gently, and I grasped his face and turned it to me, You were so brave to come here, but I can cover this up. You cannot.
I know. He said, and his arm lowered. His voice took on a tone of the deepest consternation, and tears rushed into his eyes, but I didnt look away. Brynn, I cant do it. I cant do it like you can. Im supposed to be able to. I have to be able to protect her!
And you do.
I didnt that night. He said, Obviously. If I had, we wouldnt even be here. 
Tears began to leak from his eyes, and once the first fell, he let out a sob. Without hesitation, strangely enough, I enclosed him in my embrace and let him cry into my chest, even though he had to bend down very far to do so because he was so tall. 
Im so fucking pissed, and I cant even kill this fucking guy! He cried, God, Im so fucking pissed!
I know. Shh I know. You are young still. It is not time for you to be able to do this yet. For now, it is my responsibility, and Jamess. Well, it was Jamess, but I stopped, not wanting to tread down that path. You were so brave to come here, Nick. I mean that when I say it. But you are too young to take a life in the way that I do. When you are out on security, you would be able to fight. But I do this quietly, decidedly, with much forethought. I hope that you never have to do that. Right now, as I am saying all this, I am wondering why I am able to kill so easily, but maybe I shrugged, Maybe its just because of my very distinct definitions of right and wrong. My own warped sense of justice.
Rene had stopped gurgling several minutes earlier, and I knew that he was dead. We both looked at him, though my eyes stayed fixated on his repulsively disemboweled corpse, and Nicks landed on it, and moved away, landed on it, and moved away.
He sat right beside us every night at the house. He has been Jamess best friend since we arrived there so long ago. He has known her that entire time. He has I stopped, wanting to finish with been preying on her for all of that time, but I did not; the less Nick knew, the better.
What about the other guys? What are you going to do to them? Nick asked.
Nothing. I said, Let them come here and find his mutilated body. They will either think I am responsible, and fear me, or they will think that karma has come knocking, and fear the universe.
Im way more afraid of you than the universe. Nick said, and we both chuckled after a minute. When he looked up at me, though, he was suddenly serious, One of these days, it wont be you who has to do this, Brynn. Ill take care of her. Ill kill anyone who ever tries to hurt her like that again. One day, when Im a little bit older, and a little bit braver. Ive always been like this. Like a coward. Well, not even like a coward. I am a coward. Do you remember Jonathon? Tyres son?
Yes.
I was so angry that you all were turning him over to Adam. I knew, somehow, that Adam would kill him. Now, I see why it was necessary; look at all that Tyre has done. Obviously, I am glad that Rene is dead. I am glad that you killed him painfully for what he did to her. But I need to be able to do it, too.
I reached out and laid my hand on his cheek. For a long second, I just looked at him, and over that second, a smile spread across my lips.
He was right. I said softly, Adam. He said your heart is as pure as the first snow of winter, and he was right. Nick, I dont ever want you to lose that. I dont ever want you to be able to do what I have now done twice. In a fight, kill for her. But otherwise, dont you dare kill for her. Do you understand?
But, Brynn
No. I said firmly, Youre good. So good, I cannot begin to fathom it. You know how I hate emotionally revelatory moments, especially when they include recollections from my past, but I will tell you that I knew someone just like you once, and I I stopped, After the death of my brother, this person was the first I loved. I never told her, but she was.
Her?
What? Do they not have couples comprised of two women in Germany?
His jaw had dropped, and I stifled a grin.
Yes, it is shocking, but I am not telling you this to shock you. I am telling you this so that you know the dangers of being so good: All she wanted in the entire world was to make a positive difference, and for her entire adult life, she had. More than anyone else. It was that goodness, that desire to help, that got her killed.
But you just told me never to lose my goodness. Didnt you?
I did. Because even when she knew she was going to die, and she did know, she did not lose that light. I have met three people in my life who have light in them of such astounding brightness, and that is Rachel, my mothers boyfriend, and you. Two of those three are dead, and I dont know if there are others like the three of you out there. The universe will certainly not do you any favors; people like you have it worse than anyone, because the worst of the world will try to corrupt you, but you cant let yourself be corrupted. They didnt. I love that you couldnt kill him, Nick. I know it does not mean much coming from me, because I am not that much older than you, and I am the antithesis of you, but I am proud of you; I love that you couldnt do it.
It does mean something to me. He said softly, with tears in his eyes again, Of course it does!
Good. I grasped his hand, and we left the house through the back door, slinking off into the darkness before we could be seen, though there was no one around to do the seeing. We walked at a brisk pace, beaming in the brisk night air, me with the adrenaline from a fresh kill pumping through me jubilantly, and him receiving a metaphorical contact-high from me. Before we parted ways, I grasped his hand one last time, feeling my grin widen even more.
You do realize I just gave you the stay golden, Ponyboy, speech. I meant every word, but when I think of it in those terms, it amuses me to a point that all my ill feelings towards James, and Rene, and so many others disappears. It is so funny!
Oh, God, I hate that book! Gross! The whole speech you just gave me is ruined now! We had to read that when we were learning English! And watch the movie! Ugh! 
Goodnight, Nicklaus.
Goodnight, Brynna. We parted ways, me still chuckling, and he called after me, Its not actually ruined, you know! I was just kidding! But I really do hate that book!
You cant hate anything! You have to stay golden, Ponyboy!
UGH!
***

I showered quickly, watching with no concern at all as the blood swirled in the water and disappeared down the drain. Carefully, I rubbed myself down in the ointments the doctor had given me, and then, the exhaustion caused by the most eventful night left me with no choice but to face my empty bedroom. 
I laid with my back to his side of the bed, but I did not sleep, despite that exhaustion. I did not reach over longingly and touch the empty space in which his body usually laid. I did not turn over to bury my face in his pillow and breathe in his scent. All of that was far too dramatic and clichd. Instead, I just stayed fixed to my side of the bed as though frozen in place. My eyes barely blinked. No tears fell. I breathed softly, thinking a hundred million thoughts within half-seconds, feeling so overwhelmed by the chaos in my head and heart that I begged for God or the Gods to swiftly send me plummeting into sleep, just so all would shut off. But then, I would have to contend with the nightmares I could not get to stop, and now, James was not beside me. He could not comfort me after he gently woke me, for he was not there at all. 
For the first time ever on Pangaea, I slept alone.
***

Two words spread quickly: James and I were taking a hiatus from our relationship, though people did not know why, and Rene Ellis had been found murdered brutally in his home. When I awoke the following morning, I found that I was besieged by a rather intense headache. From the top of my head, down my neck, to the bottom of my shoulders, pain radiated, leaving my muscles tense and my heart racing. My mind cycled through all the diagnoses that could explain such a terrible headache: meningitis, a rupturing brain aneurysm, ebola
Brynnie, are you okay? Violet came into the room, and because I was in so much pain, I did not immediately chastise her for calling me Brynnie, which no one had called me in at least ten years, not even Penny.
Ugh I groaned, and I grabbed Jamess pillow and held it over my face to block out the light that was streaming through the window. My head
Yeah, I talked to Dr. Terry this morning. Is it awful? He said it would be awful.
I felt her weight press into the bed beside me, and the slight depression moved my body barely, but still, a rolling explosion of nausea took my stomach, and I was turning over, dry-heaving first and then vomiting into the trash can that Violet had quickly grabbed.
Oh, God Is there blood in it? Is there blood? I asked, Or black granules that resemble coffee grounds?
Brynn, you do not have ebola! She exclaimed, Dr. Terry says that this is totally normal. I am going to make you some coffee.
No. I cant My stomach.
Yes. Its the only thing that is going to help. Stay here.
She left and returned about ten minutes later with a cup of coffee. I had replaced Jamess pillow, and Violet laid down on it after she had passed me the cup. 
Now, if it sucks, Im sorry. You know I cant cook. Not even coffee.
I know. Its not bad, darling. Its a little strong, but its better than being weak.
Good.
Silence ensued between us, and when she spoke again, she did so quietly, and I knew that she was prodding me for an answer she assumed she already knew.
You know Rene was killed last night. She said finally, His throat was ripped out, and his neck was broken, and so was his jaw.
Oh, really? I replied, Well, the universe has a sense of justice, I suppose. Karma truly is a female dog. Not only that, but she is a quickly working female dog.
Brynn She reached out and grasped my hand, I know you did it, and thank you.
You are thanking me for nothing. I was here, making James leave, and
James found him, you know.
Admittedly, I was shocked.
What?
He found him right after he left here, because he was going to go stay with him. He told the police, and theyre investigating. Brynn please tell me you covered it up.
Of course I did. Do not worry yourself over it.
Her arms were around my middle, and her head was on my chest before I could tell her that we would immediately be changing the subject. At first, I tensed, not only because I was grasping a piping hot cup of coffee and was afraid of sloshing some of it onto her, but because, as you know, showings of emotion disturbed me more frequently than they did not. Still, her arms stayed locked around me, and I kept one of mine around her, too. Neither one of us spoke for a long time.
You did it to protect me.
Of course I did.
You do it so easily.
Yes. I did. It is always easy for me. When it is one you being threatened, I easily dispatch the threat.
Youre a little scary, do you know that? She asked, and she looked up at me. Im not scared of you, but youre scary.
Thank you? I asked, and we both laughed quietly.
It is a compliment, so youre welcome.
More silence, but it was not uncomfortable. I patted her back the way I often patted Pennys.
Are you okay, Vi? Does it bother you? What happened with him? I asked, Do you think about it often?
No. She assured me, looking up at me finally. Believe it or not, I dont really think about that part of it. It seemed to go on forever at the time, but now, I look back on it, and I realize that it was over rather quickly. Caspar handled it. You know hes Janna and Adams son, so hes the prince. How cool is that?
My mood soured upon hearing Jannas name, and immediately, she felt it in my heart. 
You dont like her? Or you dont like him?
I do not like her, but that is none of your concern.
Her hand rested on my heart, and she closed her eyes. That is when I shook her off.
Dont you have a work assignment to receive?
Yes! She snapped back as she stood up and put her hands on her hips, And Im receiving it from Janna, so why dont I just ask her why you dont like her, since Im sure she knows, and since you wont tell me!
I love the bipolar-like tendencies of adolescents. I muttered as I finished the rest of the coffee in the cup and threw myself onto my feet. My legs wobbled, and my stomach turned over, but her arms were around me before my knees could collapse.
Take it easy, you lunatic! Dr. Terry says that Dr. Miletus says that the venom has the effects of spinal meningitis, paranoid schizophrenia, and bipolar disorder, so if you want to talk about how I act bipolar, look at yourself!
We should not even be using mental illnesses to describe how we are feeling unless we have actually been diagnosed with those mental illnesses. I am perfectly well, Vi. Already, my head is starting to clear, and I am going to Town Hall for work.
What work are you doing in town hall? Oh, right She smacked her forehead, and strangely, pain was rocket-launched from my forehead to the back of my neck just from watching her do it. Youre Dons second-in-command. Dude youre like Mom!
What? I asked, and suddenly, the deal I had struck with Paul was returned to the forefront of my mind after days of being gloriously absent.
Youre like Mom! Youre like a politician!
I most certainly am not like Mom, nor am I like a politician! That is a terrible insult!
Oh, of course it is. Come on, well walk part of the way there together so I can make sure you dont die.
After I got dressed, we left the house and began to walk up the road.
So Ive been thinking that I want to be put on Medical.
Medical? I asked, genuinely stunned but rather delighted, admittedly, that that was her choice of employment.
Yeah. She said with a laugh, After watching you in the hospital, and not knowing what to do, I started thinking how good it would be for me to get trained in that stuff. To train with our doctors and the Pangaean doctors and hopefully become a doctor. And Dr. Terry said that theres a process to go about doing it, and part of it involves a lot of reading, which you know Im good at
Yes.
Yeah, so theres that. I just have to read and take a huge test, but more importantly than that is the practical experience. He says Johnny Raylow and a couple of others were in the process at the house. They were studying under Dr. Miletus here. Its really, really hard work, because its not just things we know anymore. Its all the Pangaean stuff. But do you remember how after the Purge at home, I wanted to go to the infected areas?
Oh, yes, I remember that. I said, I admired your willingness to help, but of course, I thanked our lucky stars that you were too young to go. They were unsure if those bombs contained radiation or not. Luckily, they did not, but still, the devastation was unthinkable.
And that would have been all the more reason to go, right? So, now, I want to do that. I want to learn to do this stuff, because I still really want to help people. Its just going to be really hard work.
Well, you are more than capable, Violet Mae. And while the medical sciences are not my strongest suit, I do know much about them, so if you need any assistance, obviously, I am here to assist.
Really? She asked, and her smile widened, Nick and I were sure that you wouldnt approve of this.
Why in the world wouldnt I approve?
Because you have to lock down your emotions to do it. You have to basically be like a machine, and you always say Im so dramatic and emotional.
I also say that you are young, and that in time, you will be less dramatic and less needlessly emotional.
Maybe. But I think I need that emotionality. I need it to care.
Oh, Violet I sighed and smiled slightly, You have never needed any help caring about others, sweetheart. As I watched the footage from the after-effects of the Purge, I felt awfully, but I felt no urge to drive out to the Midwest and clean up the mess, or to tend to the wounded. It is only since coming here that I have discovered this desire to help people, and maybe that is because I, too, am getting older and less self-centered.
Yeah, but youre getting more emotional, not less.
Yes, well, I am in the process of locking that down.
But you dont need to! She told me, suddenly very upset. Bipolar adolescent tendencies
Why would I choose to cry all day and scream in my sleep all night, Violet? Why would I not choose to be an automaton instead?
Because youre not as mean like this! You were so mean on Earth. You were so cold, and now youre not. Youre different. Youre happier, and its making you more emotional, but thats because youre more human!
Maybe. But it is locked down now, as they say, so there is no need to discuss it. We had arrived at her destination.
But Brynn!
Now, go in there,and tell Janna that you want to be on Medical. Tell her you want to start formal training, and remember, you are capable of it. You are more than capable of it. I believe in you completely, Violet Mae.
Really? She asked, and I could see that she was suddenly very nervous.
Of course. I have been giving pep talks to wayward adolescents for the past couple of days, but I mean every word I have said to all of you. I am I stopped, not sure if I wanted to finish my thought, even though I truly did mean it. But it was so emotional. So kitschy. So Lifetime movie-like
I am very proud of you, Violet. I am proud that you came to this decision on your own.
Aww! She said, and she hugged me before I could turn and walk away without another word, Brynnie!
Alright, I have suffered through being called that twice, and I will not suffer it a third time.
Alright, alright Fine. Brynna. She pulled away from me, stood up straight, reached her hand out abruptly, and shook mine firmly. Brynna. Ms. Olivier. Have a swell day at work.
Oh, you children I rolled my eyes, but I was smiling, All four of you are utterly ridiculous!
Yes. Yes, we are. But I will soon be Dr. Utterly Ridiculous.
We can only hope. Goodbye, Dr. Utterly Ridiculous.
Goodbye, Senator Bitchface Motherfucker.
Violet! I screamed, and I turned around and punched her hard in the arm, trying to stifle my laughter as she giggled so hysterically that she had to grasp her stomach and fight to remain standing upright.
You are an obscene, adolescent menace to society, and you should be promptly locked up in a madhouse and at the very least, receive electro-shock therapy, and at the most, be lobotomized! I said as I punched her in the arm. I stormed away, finally allowing the smile to break on my face.
Aww, I love you, too, Brynnie!
VIOLET!
***

When I showed up for work at the town hall building in the middle of town, Don quickly began to offer his condolences about mine and Jamess break-up.
Don I murmured as my eyes skimmed over the paper he had handed me. While I appreciate your sympathy, it is unnecessary. Please, let us not mix business-business with personal business.
Of course. He replied, But did you sleep last night like, at all?
I grimaced at him over my shoulder.
Don. I murmured with very lackluster disapproval. 
We walked into the meeting room. The leading group of our astute leaders consisted of Don, Adam, Janna, and myself. We ruled over about fifty Pangaeans and Eartheans appointed by Don and Adam. I was supposed to be choosing people whom I thought could represent our massive population well. Instead, I had spent the whole night murdering perverted middle-aged men and moping over my lost, not-perverted middle-aged man. I resolved to cease my pre-emotional meltdown before it began. There was simply no time for it, not when our people were beginning to itch for a counter-strike on the Bachums.
Our fifty representatives were silent when I entered the courtroom. Adam was already there, chatting with three of them. Even he stared at me.
Is there a problem? I asked them somewhat snippily. Everyone began to murmur like gossiping housewives as they took their seats at several long tables lined up and back in front of our leaders table. Adam pulled my chair out for me discreetly, but did so without looking me in the eye, almost as though his polite gesture were an afterthought, a reflex. I could not help but notice that he did not do the same for Janna, and she noticed, as well. The scowl she gave us both nearly elicited a grin from me, and instead of waving cheerfully to her as I wanted to do, I addressed Adam.
Thank you. I murmured, and he squeezed my hand under the table but said nothing.
Oh, Tony? I called to Tony, who had been the first that I had appointed to a representative position. Over our many months in the kitchen, we had grown closer. In fact, he and his partner were two of my best friends on Pangaea, right up there with Rachel. The only joyous tidbit of news I had been given upon my arrival was that Tony and Tom had gotten engaged, and that single snippet of good news was enough to compensate for the bad news, most certainly. 
Yes, love? He called back to me.
I have not had a spare moment to congratulate you, what with my delayed return and my immediate injury. I know you and Tom came by to see me several times while I was in the infirmary, and I was completely out of it
I could feel your congratulations, Brynn. He told me, and I smiled. 
Thank God for Tony, Tom, and their upcoming nuptials, because they were the only other talk of the town besides mine and Jamess breakup and Renes violent death. Later, I would hear from Alice and Violet that they heard murmurs in town all day that followed this progression:
 Did you hear about Rene? Who could kill him, especially like that? He was such a great guy! So tragic!
 Did you hear Brynna and James broke up? Well, who ever thought that would last, honestly? or So tragic!
Yeah, and Tony and Tom are getting married! The wedding is going to be huge. 
Well, James and Brynna were allegedly planning on getting married, too. Their wedding wouldnt have been huge. 
Yes, and Rene wont be there because hes dead. Did you hear he died violently?
Yeah, his jaw was ripped off, and his neck was broken, and his throat was torn out. He was such a swell guy, its so sad! Tony and Toms wedding is going to be huge, though. It will be so much fun.
People could be so vapid sometimes
Weddings in a month, everyones invited! He informed the court, to which some people clapped and actually cheered, but everyone either shouted or murmured their congratulations. Adams officiating.
You are? I asked, and my shock was evident. Everyone chuckled.
Of course I am. Who does not love the privilege of joining a happy couple together in matrimony? That is perhaps the aspect of my reign I hold most dear. I was gaping at him, completely silent, and everyone chuckled, except for Janna and several Pangaeans who seemed to be firmly on her side.
Do not look so surprised that I possess such a soft and romantic side.
I am surprised. I whispered jokingly, and everyone laughed again. 
I would actually like to formally welcome Ms. Brynna Olivier and the several other Earthean representatives from the fifteen sectors of the village to our Council. We are all elated to have gained such valuable new additions. Don, no others could suffice. I would like to single out Ms. Olivier for just one more minute, and say that no one else could possibly be your second-in-command. No one else is more perfect for the job. No one else can bring more good to our joint peoples. Dont you agree, Janna? He turned to her, and she was visibly stunned for a second. But then, her face broke into a forced grin, and she answered with, Absolutely. Of course, my darling.
Thank you so much, Janna. I said, and I smiled down at her, And thank you, Adam. Now can we get back to business, please? I will spontaneously combust if you continue to heap such praise onto me.
I heard Janna mutter, Do you promise? and Adam and I both looked at her. She pretended to cough into her hand.
What do we have today, ladies and gentlemen? Adam asked as he sat down, About what are your sectors concerned? I trust everyone conducted their section meetings last night. Could one representative from each district inform me of the details? How many citizens attended?
From the testimonies of the fifteen representatives from each section who spoke, the turnout had been high. The question was, had the complaints been high as well?
Were there any particular concerns? Janna asked, I would like to hear from everyone about this. From every section. 
A hand went up in the back, and I sat back, awaiting the Pangaean man to tell us of his sections biggest complaints. I felt sprightlier already; my headache had cured, and even though it was only my third day of work as Dons second-in-command, I did not have any first week jitters, as they are sometimes called. I remembered briefly hearing my father say that after Lucien died, work was the only thing that brought my mother any comfort. Though I had not lost a child, thank God or the Gods, I still had lost two people very dear to me; Maura was gone forever, and James was gone indefinitely. Being there in the City Hall was perhaps the most effective therapy imaginable.
Well, a couple of people in my section are concerned about the new tax. Jerome, an Earthean man from the section next to mine, said, Ive been talking to other people here, and a lot of people are really concerned about it.
The tax is a complicated matter, but these are complicated times. Adam informed him kindly. Winter is coming, and we must prepare for it. Around these parts, the cold months are absolutely brutal. Is that the truth, Janna?
Yes, it is truth. Janna replied in her trademark cheerfulness, though this time, her tone was tinged with regret. If you think it would be prudent, Mr. Jerome, we will absolutely address it at the next Open Forum.
That would definitely be helpful. Thanks. Jerome sat down.
Shilon. Yes, sir. Janna pointed to a Pangaean man wearing all white in the back.
I know that many Eartheans in my district are unsure of our methods of appointment to this council. Perhaps we could hold a proper election. Like we used to. Twenty years ago.
Elections worked so well twenty years ago. Another Pangaean man retorted snippily.
Yes. They did. The man in all white said, and his gaze fell on Janna.
Still holding out resentment for your terrible defeat against me, are you, Shilon? Janna asked.
No, merely lamenting the very obvious show of nepotism. Surely, you both are aware that many still feel, how should we say? Perturbed by it.
This election occurred twenty years ago? Youve been in power for twenty years? Don asked Janna.
Yes. I was named Queen of Shadow Forest when Adam and I were married, but I was also elected Leader. Janna answered, This was almost twenty-one years ago now. She said, somewhat emphatically, and I saw her look at me out of the corner of my eye. I will admit that hearing Adam had been married to her for so long dug further into the wounds left by James. The exact moment when men came to hold such power over my emotional state was unknown by me but it was an unwanted development. Maura had warned me that they were liars and manipulators, and seeing how easily lying and manipulating came to them both was disturbing solely because it demonstrated my tendency to attract and be attracted to liars and manipulators. The only reason why they escaped the full extent of my judgment (and my subsequent rejection of them) was that I was by no means perfect; only the night before I had killed a man, for no other reason than that I felt he did not deserve his life because he was sick. That was how I justified my continued attachment to Adam and James even after they had lied to me; I had lied and manipulated, and I had been lied to and manipulated. It was yet another one of lifes full circles.
Adam sensed my vexation and took my hand under the table. This time, he did not let go. When my gaze burned into his, he looked genuinely pained for a moment. I pulled my hand from his grasp and looked back to the council before they could become aware of this silent exchange between Adam and me.
The fact that you still hold onto that bitter resentment is most amusing, Shilon. Adam said to the man in the back, Surely you are aware that the charge of nepotism is most foolish, considering that Janna was popularly elected.
Yes, but perhaps Shilon is right, my dear. Janna cooed, So, let us hold a proper election for seats in this council.
Of course they will not. Then, the two Eartheans will be voted out by those of us who are natives to this land. Shilon continued in proud, cynical glee. Adam and Janna will more than likely be voted out by both. They could not allow such a thing to happen.
I think that you underestimate the appeal of our charming personalities, Mr. Shilon. I informed him. When he looked at me with blazing eyes, I grinned. 
May I interject that those in my district are perfectly happy with the four of them. Another Pangaean man said, They are not so accepting of the rest of us. The Eartheans feel that if we were appointed by those in power, we are repeating history.
Yes, I said, Our governments elected people to high powered positions, to disastrous consequences, of course. My mother, for instance, had a wonderful track record: She appointed seventeen people whom she later charged with fraud, treason, and conspiracy to commit treason when they were found to be trading valuable information about her and her colleagues to The United Kingdom and the Peoples Republics of China and Russia. She just I actually laughed slightly. She had a true knack for reading people, I am telling you.
Several Earthean people laughed, seemingly charmed by the distance I was placing between my mother and myself. Adam was chuckling beside me, and Janna was scowling; she did not like how easily I could gain their good favor.
See, she gets it. Tony said in the back. So, all those people in the districts who have been expressing their doubts that Brynna should be second-in-command to Don can take their doubts and shove them up their asses. 
Oh, Tony, you know how to make a girl blush. I told him with another smile.
Only you, baby.
How many people, just out of curiosity, have been hearing those doubts about me? I asked, and several hands were raised. Well, you can be certain that they will be addressed at the next Open Forum. Certainly before any election, that issue will be addressed.
I could not care less that people were wary of my taking of a leadership role. I would be wary of me, too. They had all seen my fathers cruelty firsthand. They could remember clearly my mothers stupidity and brashness and belligerence. Surely, I would repeat that bad behavior. Surely, I would bring the same disaster to them. 
All I could do to dissuade those doubts about me was to speak my mind freely and assure those few people that they had nothing to fear from me. Only then would they be able to understand that my mother and I were about as similar as God and the devil, though certainly I am not saying that either she or I were Godlike or Satan-like. To classify us as either would be far too simple. It would be a cop out, as they say.
After the meeting ended, I stood up, yawned behind my hand, and began to leave, only to feel Adam grasp my wrist to stop me.
May I speak with you privately?
About what, dare I ask? Has something momentous occurred? And let me tell you, Adam I said as I allowed him to lead me into one of the rooms in the back of Town Hall. Twenty-one years of marriage does count as something momentous. How you could notWell, my stars 
Inside of the door through which he had taken me, shelves comprised the walls of the entire semi-circular room. On every shelf, there were books of every shape and size, all in every range of condition, from pristine and seemingly never-opened, to worn from multiple readings. Even all around the door, there were books. Truly, seeing so many books in one place made my heart beat a little faster. I could have spent hours in there, just perusing the titles and mentally comprising an order in which I would read them. I read the first titles that my eyes found, and they ranged from classic to contemporary. In fact, one had been released the year before our exodus. I tried desperately to fight it, because I was very upset with him for lying to me, and I was very upset with James, and I was exhausted, and my pain was returning, but I could not stop the smile from spreading across my lips; all I could do was cover it with my hand.
I will look away. I know how you loathe to show how you are feeling.
I laughed softly, for just a second, and then I crossed my arms over my chest and tried to look apathetic.
I suppose this is your source.
It is, indeed. He told me, as he leaned against the wooden desk. I sat down in one of the plushy leather armchairs in front of him, and at first, we looked at each other, staring hard into each others eyes, and then, I lost our unofficial staring competition. The intensity of his gaze had jarred me, partially because I knew he was searching me, trying to gauge the level of my irritation. 
I am fine, if that is what you are going to ask. I said, as I continued to read the titles of the books all around me.
That was going to be my primary question. He said, You are right as always.
Well, I have answered it.
Have you answered honestly? I hate to call you a liar, and that is not my intention, but you look as though you have not slept in many days.
That is because I have not, but that is no concern of yours. How are things between you and your wife, Adam?
They are difficult, to say the very least. But then, they always have been.
You could not have mentioned casually that you were married?
I am barely married, Brynna. I thought that was obvious.
How could it be obvious when I did not know it before?
It is obvious now.
That does not account for the hours upon hours we spent together during which I spilled my secrets to you, and you withheld that information from me. I swear, I am starting to think that the reason you and James cannot see eye to eye is because you two are very similar. We do so often dislike those who are like us.
I suppose that you do not know if that theory is true or not, considering that there are so few in either world who are like you.
Oh, flattery. A skillful diversion, albeit one that is a failure.
It is skillful, isnt it? Brynna, I must ask you something that is of a serious nature, and I very much need for you to answer honestly.
Yes. I killed him. What are you going to do? I asked, and briefly, anger flashed over his eyes. I raised my eyebrow, expecting an outburst, but none came. What are you going to do, Adam?
Well, by your own law, I should exile you. Murder means exile, does it not?
Yes. It does. So, should I begin packing my things? Should I pack up Penny and Violet?
Dont be ridiculous! He snapped at me, and he stood up and turned away from me to face the fire that was burning away in the grate. I would never send you away, Brynna. So, what was it this time? With Donovan, it was that he hurt your Penny. What did Rene do?
Did your older son not tell you? The other night, after I had been infected by the trebestia venom, when James was passed out drunk, and Violet was begging him to help me, she was almost assaulted by one of Jamess acquaintances.
And that acquaintance was this man? I must disagree; he and your former love seemed thick as thieves, as they say.
They were. No, he was not the one who tried to assault Violet. But he watched, and he was not drunk. He was not drunk, and he did not stop the acquaintance. Rene has been a presence in her life for this entire year, and throughout that time, he has grown more obsessed with her. He was a threat to her, so I killed him. I ripped out his throat and broke his neck because if I did not kill him, he would continue to lust for her, when it is so sick for him to lust for her. I broke his jaw because of the things he said. And I am not sorry, Adam. So, if you want to throw me in your prison, do it. If you want to exile me, fine. I will go. But I will never be sorry for killing him, and he was a friend of mine two days ago. That crossed my mind, that he was my friend. But after all he said, I didnt care, because I realized that I never knew who he really was. When I killed him, I was killing a stranger. So, what are you going to do?
He turned away from the fire, walked to me, and kneeled down in front of my chair. At first, he only stared at me, his alluring green irises swirled with flecks of red. Then, he reached out slowly and placed his hand on my cheek. By its own will, my head tilted so my face was rested in the palm of his hand, and then, my hand came up to cover his. 
You are dangerous, Brynna Olivier. He whispered, You are a natural forceso full of devastating, destructive power. If you so choose, you could utterly cripple us all, and I am frightened of you sometimes. Truly, my beauty, you frighten me. I am unable to foretell your actions, for I know your heart minimally, and your mind I know not at all.
So what are you going to do? I asked again, and I do not know what I wanted him to say.
I am going to protect you. I am going to make sure that this remains hidden. I have many detractors here, and if they knew that I was allowing you to get away with murder, however justified you might have been, they would demand that I exile you, and if I did not, they would surely revolt.
And then I would have to leave.
No. He said firmly, Because I would kill all who demanded your exile.
No. I replied, even more firmly, You would not, because the law is the law, and I broke it. You cannot make exceptions for me, Adam. If this is brought to the surface, I will leave.
You will do no such thing. I will not see you turned away from this place. You will not face all the dangers of my world alone. Were you careful? This will not be as easily covered as Donovans death. He was on the brink of death already, and you made it appear as though he had simply breached the divide before the doctors could cure him. But with Rene, you did not hide that it was murder. You did not
What? I did not poison him? I did not find some quiet way to dispose of him? Am I not entitled to my own aggression because I am a woman, Adam? Am I not entitled to my own rage? No, of course I am not. Rage is for men, isnt it?
By the one God, woman, do not even begin this game of wits with me!
This is no game of wits. Believe me when I say that this is no game to me. When I kill, I must remain distant from the man or woman I kill. I must do it swiftly, with calculation. We are allegedly the weaker, more emotional of the sexes, but we are only entitled to grief, envy, and maybe spite, but anything elseanything big, anything brash, anything louder than some soft, malicious murmuris reserved for your kind. Right?
You know what I was saying, Brynna. You have spoken all of these words for no other reason than that a part of you is ashamed.
I am most certainly not
No, no. You are not speaking to Maxwell now; you are speaking to me. I know you better than you think anyone can know you, Brynna Olivier, and I can see your shame. I can see your worry that you will be discovered as the murderer. Surely, people will search for the man or woman responsible for the murder of such an upstanding and beloved member of our community. There is no mistaking the malicious intent behind this, and Rene had no enemies. Well, people think that now. If they find out that Violet was almost assaulted, and that he witnessed but did not stop it, and that you knew he had not stopped it We all know your protective nature now. That protective rage.
And does that frighten you, too, Adam?
No. And do you know why?
I shook my head.
It is because I know I will never do anything that would cause you to turn that protective rage on me. Does it frighten you, Brynna?
No. Not at all. You think that I feel shame and fear over what I have done, but all I have done is question whether I was entirely justified in the violence of it. Then I hear his words, and I see that look in his eyes, and I know that I gave him only what he deserved.
And you are fit to decide what these men deserve?
Yes. I hissed, because I was growing very angry, And dont you think you are fit to decide everything?
Oh, there is the fire. He said, circling me and grinning, There is the indignation. The pride. The spite. There is that shadow. He stopped walking and stood behind me. After a second of silence, he ran his hands down my arms slowly.
This is why I am so utterly fascinated by you, Brynna. This is why my heart is consumed with lust for you. You have darkness so far beyond your years, and God, you wield it. Like an expert swordsmen, you slash and strike with perfectly aimed, expertly deployed hits. Now, what can I say to absolve your anger? What can I do?
Stop provoking me! I snapped, but I did not shake off his hands.
Never! What else?
I could not help it; I laughed softly.  
There it is. He said, We must not allow ourselves to remain angry with one another.
He turned me to him gently and placed both of his hands on my face. I will never see you punished in any way for any reason, but certainly not for protecting those you love. I would have done what you did to Rene and worse to those men who harmed you. My beauty
He leaned forward and kissed my forehead. His lips remained there for a long time, kissing me every few seconds slowly. My hands came up to rest around his wrists lightly, and I closed my eyes, feeling even more exhausted all of a sudden. Briefly, my mind was barraged with images of him lifting me into his huge, strong arms and carrying me back to his house, where we would not even be able to reach his bedroom
I turned around, feeling nothing, which was a welcome reprieve from all the emotional topsy-turvy of the previous days.
Certainly not. I have to go home. Penny is just about out of school.
Yes. I must pick up Idan, so I will walk with you.
Idan, Pennys friend? Are you his uncle, or a friend of the family? Oh, wait I remembered Penny referring to Idan as Jannas son. You have another son you never told me about, then.
I do.
And you did not mention him, even when I was talking about Penny.
I did not.
We were walking out of the building, watching as Janna was accosted by some angry Pangaeans in the council who were furious at the way she was spoken to by Shilon. We ignored her when we passed, but she most certainly did not ignore us; I can speak for myself at least, when I say that I felt her eyes burning into us even after the door to the town hall building had closed.
Brynna, we are both very tired. He told me as we walked slowly through town, waving to those who greeted us with smiles that were genuine, certainly, but hard to force onto our faces. Our exhausted muscles seemed to protest the very slight effort it took to return the cheery expressions of our people.
I am sorry for all that I withheld from you. I am sure that you are tired of apologies
Oh, you took those words right out of my mouth, Adam. 
I know. But I mean it genuinely, from the bottom of my heart.
I have never understood that expression. I had withdrawn a cigarette from the pack that had become ever-present in my back pocket. As I struggled to light a match, he watched me. Finally, he took the packet from my hands and struck one up with no effort. Holding it out to me, he watched as I lit it up.
I see your old vices have returned. He told me.
Are you going to protest? Are you going to say that my nicotine habit will sufficiently reduce my lifespan? I will succumb to cancer or some other terrible malady?
Of course not. He said, and he grasped my wrist gently, pulled my hand up, and removed a cigarette from the pack. I lit his cigarette for him, and he grimaced when he inhaled. By the one God, it has been a very long time since I have smoked Earthean cigarettes. I forgot the taste of poison, and the even worse taste of menthol. But you need not worry about succumbing to this poison, because we are immortal, ageless, and gifted with an unbreakably perfect bill of health from the one God. Have you not heard that? No, I was merely commenting before when I spoke of this vice returning. I do believe that your nerves are shaken.
Oh, do you? I asked as I exhaled smoke. What could possibly shake my nerves? Could it be the trebestia venom? Could it be that James is gone? Could it be that I have not had a chance to tell you until now how irritated I am that you kept your entire life a secret from me, and do not say that I never asked, and that is why you did not tell me. I did ask. I most certainly did ask.
I know you did. I did not tell you because she is a source of stress for me. While I was out there fighting for my life with you, I did not wish to burden either of us with tales of her. Do not allow that lovely smile to fool you. It fooled me in the beginning. In fact, it is what entranced me with her twenty-two years ago. Also, may I remind you that you did not discuss James Maxwell at length with me, so why would I discuss my wife?
I did discuss him at length with you. I looked at him, You are staying away from him like I asked.
Is that a statement or a question?
It is both, I suppose. 
We were outside of the school building, where children were running out to greet their parents. Penny and Idan ran to us, grinning brightly, and when Pennys arms were around me, I realized that I still had the cigarette in my hand. Quickly, I flicked off the ember and tucked the butt into my back pocket, but she was already looking up at me with the most hilarious look of disapproval I had ever seen on anyones face.
Smoking is bad for you! And it makes you smell weird. You always smell good, and now, you smell like smoke. Maura used to say that you smelled like an ashtray all the time, or something. I dont really know what an ashtray is, but thats what she used to say.
I can imagine that she would say something like that. How was your day, honey? I asked, cupping her face in both hands.
It was good. Idan and I answered all the math questions, didnt we, Idan?
We did, Papa!
He said papa in a way that was reminiscent of children from the 1920s era: there was a lilt on the last pa. I nearly laughed, but not because it was funny; I just found the pronunciation so charming.
Did you? He asked, as he picked Idan up and placed him on his shoulders.
Adam, is that really such a good idea
Do not worry yourself, my dear Brynna. I am healed and fit as a fiddle, as your kind say. Arent I? He asked Idan.
He is! He built me a fort last night and all! Reached up almost to the top of my window to tack in the blanket so I could have a very high ceiling inside my fort!
I want a fort! Penny told me, Will James make me one?
I started to stutter over my words when I went to answer, but luckily, Adam swooped in to rescue me.
Perhaps I will go about building the two of you a fort in the back of our house next. Then, it will not be vulnerable to Mothers cleaning tendencies, isnt that right, Idan? Once she comes in with cleanliness on her mind, she acts as a strong hurricane to any standing structure, even the strongest of blanket forts.
It is true. She took the sheets down and told the maid to wash them. Then she told Papa that sheets are not for forts. But Papa said
Let us not get into it.
Miss Brynna, your hair is very shiny today. Idan informed me happily. It is very light, like the sun.
Oh, my I said.
Adam was laughing more hysterically than I had ever seen him laugh, and soon, I was doing the same.
What? Idan asked, You always say, Papa, to tell girls when they are looking most beautiful. You told Mama last night that Miss Brynna is the
Thank you, Idan. Adam told him, You must not divulge these secrets, son! How will anything remain a mystery?
I must say thank you, also, Idan. I said, Thank you for the compliment.
What is a compliment?
It is a nice thing that is said to someone. Like what you just said about my hair. Goodness, I cannot doubt who your father is. You two are so similar. The mothers of young girls everywhere are in a fright, I am sure.
Tell her. Say, You better believe that to be truth, Brynna Olivier. Tell her! Adam reached up and tickled his stomach, and Idan repeated him through uncontrollable giggles. 
Boys Penny murmured, and then, I was laughing even harder.
I had never seen such a light, playful side of Adam before. Seeing someone as a parent is the most attractive thing in the world to some, and the most off-putting to others. Obviously, I found Adams close relationship with his son to be the former. I was a sucker, as they say, for men who were good fathers, as my own had been so terrible. 
Idan was put down by Adam, and he and Penny scampered off to see what a group of kids were looking at in one of the pens on the farm. Apparently, one of the cows had just had a calf, and the calf was going to take its first steps. I watched as one of the Pangaean farmers explained to the kids what was happening, and then I turned my attention to Adam.
You could have told me about him. I am surprised that I did not gather he was your son sooner.
Yes. The eyes are a dead giveaway, as they say.
You are right. Adam, I am not mad at you even though you kept all of this from me. I just know that it is further proof that whatever you and I were doing out there was not right.
See? I told you.
Really? I asked, You are going to follow that up with a gloating statement reminding me of your correct beliefs on the subject?
He looked at me for a long moment, a playful grin tugging at his mouth.
Yes. I am
Fine. Whatever. So, we are friends, then. Yes?
Now, he was completely serious. His hand reached out to hold mine again.
Of course we are friends. By the one God, woman, how can you ask such a question?
By the one God, man, I was just verifying.
You will call on me if you need me? He asked. I can feel that the wind will be strong tonight. A storm is brewing on the horizon, and I mean that in the literal sense, not in the way you do when you see trouble coming our way. You never know when you might need me to aid you in lighting your cigarettes.
I will let you know where I am at. If I need you, I will come get you, but I have a feeling that I will be fine on my own.
You are sure? He asked, and when I looked at him, I saw deep concern in his eyes, which I appreciated deeply but still scoffed at out loud.
Because I am a woman who is single for all intents and purposes, I cannot take care of myself?
Oh, here she goes again He murmured.
Did the spirit of a Bachum just take hold of you? That was downright antifeminist.
Well, I do apologize.
Penny and Idan returned to us, smiling widely and rambling excitedly. They told us that the calf had stood up, which we had gathered from the way the children had all burst into hysterical applause and cheers. 
But when we all cheered, she fell down! Penny told me, laughing. But she got right back up again!
I think she liked being clapped for, Papa! She knew she could do it!
Adam kissed my cheek before he left with Idan, but said nothing more except goodbye. I could feel him watching me over my shoulder, but I did not look back.
I was sad about my temporary or not temporary break up with James. But when I had told Adam that I would be alright, I had not been lying.  
I missed him, even though I saw him every other day. He would come to pick up Penny, giving me nothing but a soft Hello, how are you? upon arriving and a soft See you later upon leaving. Penny was always so thrilled to see him; each time there was a knock at the door, she rushed to open it, positively squealing with glee when she saw it was him. He would mimic the sound, and in the kitchen, or my bedroom, or from behind my hand, I would cover my smile.
He and Violet had a long talk on one of the benches that lined the path two weeks after he left. I watched from the window, smoke from my cigarette casting them in a hazy shadow. She was crying after a few minutes, and he was swiping at his eyes, telling her he was sorry as they hugged. 
I suppose I could have let him come back, but I just was not ready. Even when Violet gently suggested that I allow him to return, I could not even pretend that I was ready to see him every day, to have him sleeping beside me again, to hear his explanation for all he had done.
There were nights I physically ached for him. That sounds like a confession best suited to a pathetic romance novel pedaled to hormonal housewives, but my body, quite literally, throbbed in longing for him. My palms remembered his palms; my lips remembered his lips. My heart retained a storage of that warm feeling he provoked in me each time any part of our bodies touched, and when the ache for him was at its worst, my heart released just a tiny burst of that warmth, which would then flood through me mercilessly, as though every dam had been breached. What my heart thought would comfort me my mind told me was poisonous; when his warmth fled, I felt colder than I ever had before. It was strange to say after having an aversion to it for so long, but I missed the intimacy of us more than anything. I missed his constancy. I missed talking to him, lying in bed with him at night, hearing him rattling around the kitchen while he made dinner, listening as he and Penny played card games and board games and whatever else they could find, hearing him yell from the shower that he had forgotten a towel, watching him stand in the mirror, shaving, with his brows furrowed very slightly as he concentrated I pictured all of those things, and I just wanted him to appear from nowhere and hold me. I wanted to be stupid for once and forget his betrayal, to not question him. But I was not stupid, and as terribly as I missed every insignificant little detail of our lives together, I would not forgive him easily like I had before. 
Only once before had an opportunity to regain my ability to stand on my own been so easily afforded by fate. That had come when my parents cut me off from them emotionally, and later physically, when they forced me to move out on my own. Rachel had come along very soon after that, and she had certainly been a support to me, but I had still taken care of myself most of the time. This time, the opportunity to stand alone was still tinged with pain, but this time, I knew I could do it. 
That did not stop me from eventually reaching over to touch the side of the bed where James had always laid. That did not stop me from eventually rolling over onto his pillow to smell the sweet scent of his shampoo mixed with his cologne. I will admit that when I did both of those things (and I did them every night he was gone) I did cry. Not hysterically, but I did shed tears. 
While the lesson that I could stand on my own was not a new one, the acceptance of the fact that I could feel whatever my heart needed to feel during that time was certainly new. 
I did not slink into a depression. I did not curl up in a ball and cease to want to live because the man I loved was not with me. 
I cried when I had to, but still, I stood on my own.
***
Mine and Jamess breakup never became old news. People were constantly whispering about it when they saw me. When our relationship was on, we were fascinating because of the age difference and because of the fact that said age difference did not seem to be tearing us apart. When our relationship was off, people were either thinking that they were right in their assumption that a romance between an older man and a younger woman could not work, or that they were very sorry to see us separated, because we both seemed so sad. 
Must really love each other. I heard a woman think.
As if that was not completely obvious all along! I snapped at her out loud.
As for Rene, all our village knew was what Adam told them at the next open forum: Rene had been killed due to an unpaid debt, and that the man responsible had been exiled. Our village was so big that no one knew whether a man had been exiled or not. No one asked, even though everyone cared; the entire village turned out for his funeral and cried for him, and James had been one of the men to carry his closed coffin to the site where it would be burned. 
Brynn, youve got to turn it off. Rachel whispered to me at the funeral, and when she grasped my hand, her palm was sweating. Youre going to give yourself away if you dont stop glaring.
I tried, but my rage could not be quieted as I watched so many men and women shedding tears over that man. Seeing them all standing about grieving, and hearing the kind words they spoke about him wrung my insides dry. My stomach churned as I suppressed the urge to scream at them all that he truly was.
I knew what I had done, but so did Rachel, who had guessed, and so did Violet, Nick, and Adam. But as I stood beside Renes coffin that day, glaring in merciless anticipation as the men walked forward with their torches raised, I felt anothers suspecting eyes on me, but I did not care. It was James, looking across at me from the other side of the coffin. Our eyes met, and though I immediately wanted to darken my scowl and look away, I forced myself to hold his gaze. After my eyes were held fast to his for a second or two, I was able to bore into his mind relentlessly. 
She did it. 
It repeated over and over again after that in overlapping whispers. Pushing further past the words in his mind, I saw into his heart, and he truly was sickened. His heart and mind were stricken with the question of why? Rene had been drunk, and there was no way that he had egged them on. He loved Violet. He more than likely was passed out, too, and Violet just was not remembering it accurately because she was so traumatized. So why had I killed him and not the others? It had to have been my way of exacting revenge on him, meaning James, for his affair; because he slept with Janna, I had murdered his best friend. 
Because that is just so logical. I might be a killer, but I am not illogical, nor am I utterly merciless, even now.
Our eyes stayed locked, blue piercing into brown, and brown piercing into blue, and I smiled, raised one eyebrow, and shrugged one shoulder. His expression remained set in stone, unchanging. My lips parted, and I mouthed two words, suspecting that they would violently hammer the final nail in the proverbial coffin of our dead relationship, but still, I mouthed them.
Not sorry. 
And he had understood, because for the first time in the several days since I had made him leave, he spoke long sentences to me. After the funeral was over, and everyone was enjoying a somber feast in Renes memory, he came up behind me while I was talking to Rachel, grabbed my arm, and pulled me away. 
You really have lost your mind, havent you? He hissed at me once we were safely hidden behind the Town Hall building. You really have snapped. Finally. God, I should have seen it coming, but I didnt. How you can be capable of... He stopped talking but began to pace. When he resumed his diatribe, his voice was trembling even worse. He was my best friend, and you were so pissed at me that you
James. I said, Two things.
No! He snapped loudly, and I turned my head on the side, raised my eyebrow, and smirked again in disbelief at his childish show of emotion. You will not pull this shit now!
I will pull whatever shit I wish to pull. The first thing is that if you ever forcibly remove me from a public setting like that ever again, I will snap your wrist the way I snapped your disgusting best friends neck and jaw. The second thing is a reminder to you to please keep in mind that I am rarely motivated in my actions to please or displease you.
So, why did you do it then?! How could you have done it?! How, Brynna?! He was our friend! He loved you! God, he held you in the highest regard. And you murdered him brutally.
Yes. I did. I turned and began to walk away.
I should turn you in.
I sighed heavily and said over my shoulder, But you wont. Goodbye, James. 
What was that about? Rachel asked me, stringing her cross necklace along the chain compulsively as she looked nervously between James, who had come storming back to the party, and me.
He knows.
Oh, God She groaned, and she grasped my arm to steady herself. And I take it you didnt talk him down and explain why you did it.
No. Because he would not believe it even if I did say it.
So youre just going to let him think you murder people for your own amusement? Or that you killed his best friend to get back at him?
Yes. If he is willing to believe it, then I will let him believe it, Rachel.
***

The banging on the door in the middle of the night woke me from my sleep. At the first hard knock, my heart was besieged by a cold, paralyzing fear that snatched my breath. My entire body was saturated in sweat as my mind was barraged with images of him from all those years ago, sloppily unlocking the door, pushing open my bedroom door, blood all over the bathroom floor, Rachel whispering, Well have our own someday, I promise
Brynna! 
It was Jamess voice, and he was yelling so loudly that surely everyone on our block could hear him.
Brynna, open the door! I need to talk to you!
In utter rage, I threw myself out of bed, pulled on my pants, and stormed out to the door. Violet was shambling out of her room, her body moving slowly but her mind alert.
Brynn? Whats going on? Penny asked, as she walked out, her eyes wide in the darkness and her new patchwork blanket clutched tightly in both of her shaking hands. 
Put Penny back to bed. I told Violet, Its alright, baby. Its just James being silly.
Oh. Okay. 
When I threw open the door, he fell over the threshold, immediately filling the room with the stench of cheap liquor. 
You have got to be kidding me. I murmured in irritation as he tried to rise onto all fours. Little black journals and papers were spread all across my floor, and before I could reach down and pick them up, he was on his knees and his arms were around my middle.
How could I not have known? God, he was obsessed Its so sick, Brynn. It makes me sick.
I pushed him off of me, and he crashed onto the floor. Kneeling down, I grabbed a scoop of the papers in my hands. At first, I read the writing but halfway through the line, my eyes blurred, and my stomach turned over. Some were letters to her. Others were drawings. Some were stories written about her. On page after page after page, Rene had poured his deepest and sickest thoughts about my sister. 
Cleaning out his room, and I found them God, Brynna, what was he? Who was he? I dont know. Oh, God, its so sick 
Pick them all up. I said, and he started to go about doing it, but he was taking too long. I got down on my knees and together, we crawled around the floor, picking up everything he had dropped. 
Give them to me.
He did, and I stormed over to the fireplace, grabbed the bark from the flare tree and ignited a blaze. Then, I scooped up everything he had brought, all of that evidence of Renes obsession, and threw it into the fire. 
What are you doing?! James exclaimed, and he crawled over to me, Brynn, if they ever find out you did it, that will prove you had a reason!
No one will ever find out, and if they do, I will tell them why I did it, and they will believe me. If not on their own, then I will broadcast mine and Renes final conversation to them, and they will see it. I will not risk her stumbling across these things, James!
Why didnt you tell me? I thought you had lost your mind, and I told you I thought that you had lost your mind, but you didnt tell me why you had done it. Brynna His voice broke, and tears began to streak down his face. What has happened to us? Its been a month. I feel like I dont even know you anymore. I dont know anything anymore. Everything is so fucked up! Baby He reached out abruptly, and I jumped. He took both of my hands. Please let me come home. I need you so bad right now. Everything is so fucked up, and I need to be here with you and the girls. Please let me come back. Please
You need me? You need to be here with me because you do not know how to deal with all that has happened? With this revelation about your best friend? With the fact that I ripped him apart? James, I hate to play tit for tat, as they say, but I needed you. Instead of helping me in overcoming my issues, one of which was my fear of physical intimacy, you went and were physically intimate with someone else. So, no, you cannot come back. No, I will not sit here and coddle you. You are a grown man, and you will start acting like one.
I love you so much
Yes, and I love you, too, you stupid fucking son of a bitch! I screamed at him, but I stopped, took a breath, and swiped at my eyes, which began tearing the second I yelled. I do not appreciate that you woke up this entire house, and more than likely, this entire block. So I will put you up in the guest room and then explain to Penny tomorrow that you were feeling sick, and you needed me.
Im sorry Im sorry
But you will be gone by the time she wakes up tomorrow. Do you understand?
Can I please sleep in bed with you?
No. Now come on.
I pulled him onto his feet and walked him slowly into the guest room. I untied his shoes, pulled them off of his feet, and then unzipped his jeans and pulled them off. I had to sit him up to maneuver his shirt off of him, and by the time I laid him back down, he had passed out completely. 
Before going into Pennys room to make sure she had fallen back asleep or going into Violets room to explain that James was drunk and stupid, I went back to the fireplace and made sure that all of the papers and journals had burned. Sure enough, the only evidence left of them was ash in the grate, and one last page with just her name written on it burning away into nothing. I watched her name as it turned orange first and then black, and then, I doubled over, my stomach screaming, my legs carrying me quickly into the bathroom, where I threw up until there was nothing left. 
***

Early the following morning, I was awakened by the feeling of him crawling into bed behind me. Because I was so tired, I did not wake completely so I could demand that he leave. Slowly, almost cautiously, he laid down behind me, sidled up against my back, slipped one hand under my side, and draped the other over me. Gently, he tightened his embrace until I was held against him, and then, he began to plant very light kisses up my arm, over my shoulder, and down my neck slowly. 
Leave, James. I said, even though the feeling of him being there beside me and the feeling of his lips on my skin felt so good, far better than I expected them to feel when I so angry with him. For the first time in a month, my body felt heavy enough to fall completely, peacefully asleep, and it took no effort to keep my eyes closed and my mind calm. Still, I ordered him to go.
James, I want you to go.
I will. He said, and he sounded like himself again; that sniveling, pathetic shell of him from the night before was gone now that he had slept and was sober.
Now, James.
Please just let me stay for a minute. Just let me hold you like this for a minute. Please, Brynn.
I was silent, but I was not annoyed at his insistence on staying. I wanted him to hold me the way he was. I did not want him to let go, and I did not want him to leave. Every part of me begged me to tell him that he could stay. My exhausted mind and body would finally rest fully if he stayed. 
Do you need me to do anything before I go, baby?
Dont call me baby. And no. Thank you.
Alright. Ill come by and get Penny later. Is that still okay after how I acted last night?
Its fine. I want you to be in her life, James. She loves you so much. I will not keep her from you unless you give me a reason to, James.
Last night wasnt a reason?
Have you ever been that drunk in Pennys presence?
No.
Okay, then./
Brynn He whispered, and he pressed his lips to my forehead for a long moment, and then moved them down so he could kiss my cheek. Please let me come home. He whispered in my ear, Please.
How he was able to make me feel guilty for making him leave, I could not possibly know. His banishment from our home was the result of his affair with Janna, and yet suddenly, I was besieged by guilt for making him leave. James was dishonest at the best of times, and now, he was also unfaithful, and yet I was the bad guy, as they say. 
No. He said, before I could say the same. Its alright, baby. I know you need more time. Its okay.
I do need more time. I opened my eyes and turned over to face him. I miss you terribly, James, but I need this distance.
I know. He kissed my hand when I grasped his face, I want you to take all the time you need. I know I screwed up, baby. Last night, and when I slept with her, and when I said all of the things I said after you killed Rene. I keep shooting myself in the foot with you. Every time I think Im doing right by you, I fuck it up, and Im sorry. Okay? Im so sorry for that.
I nodded and wiped at the tears that were suddenly streaking down my face. He looked away from me, and now that he was sober, he tried to hide that he was becoming overwhelmed by the urge to cry, too. Abruptly, my hand reached out and grasped his chin as I had the night before. Except this time, I did not chastise him for his pathetic display of emotion. Instead, I pulled him towards me so he could rest his forehead against mine. 
You have no idea how badly you hurt me sometimes, James. You think you know, but you dont. And you promised me once that you would never hurt me, and yet you have hurt me over and over and over again.
I know. He said, and now, he was crying, too, trying so hard to stifle it but unable to. I know, and Im so sorry. Brynna, Im so sorry. Im sorry. I love you, and Im sorry. Im sorry. 
Its okay. I told him, and I meant it, Its fine, James. Im strong, so I can handle it. I just need more time to decide if I can ever trust you like I did before all that has happened here of late. I forgive you, but I cant trust you yet. Okay? 
Okay. He said, and he wiped at his eyes. I just need one more chance, Brynna. If you give me that, I will never make you sorry. I promise.
I know. I sat up and kissed his cheek. You need to shave.
He laughed softly.
And you need to eat more. And you need to get out in the sun.
He laughed a little harder.
Anything else?
No. Do I need to do anything?
No. Youre perfect.
Stop.
You are.
Flattery will get you nowhere, James Maxwell.
Well, Brynna Olivier He kissed my forehead, I have to try, dont I?

Quinn

Brynn! Brynn! Brynn! Brynn! Alice exclaimed excitedly as we went running into Brynnas house. Brynna was in the kitchen, sitting at the table with a steaming cup of coffee sitting in front of her. When she heard us stomping through the living room, I saw her head turn in our direction, and whatever expression had been on her face before was quickly morphed into a look of interest. Something about her expression before its sudden change stuck a pin in my excitement, and I immediately wanted to hug her, even though I know she would have been shocked by the gesture and not necessarily appreciative. Alice did not pick up on the fact that Brynna was sad, even though she was normally the one to notice such things. She was just too excited to take into account that Brynna was sitting alone in the kitchen, staring ahead at nothing, looking lost in her thoughts and sad. 
What is going on, you hooligans? She asked, and with great effort, she eased herself up out of the chair she was sitting in to greet us.
Sit back down, and look at this! Alice gently pushed her back down into her seat and placed a flier in front of her on the table.
Oh. Yes. Don and Janna insisted that we needed fliers. I said that it is war propaganda that will influence young men to enlist who might otherwise have been uninterested in such things and therefore unsuited to combat, but I was overruled by them and the council, so here we are.
Brynn, its a great idea! We saw it, and its exactly what we want. Well, this one is. Alice pointed to the bullet under Enlistment Options that read Deep-Cover Agents. 
This is what we said we wanted to do! If we wanted to do anything, we wanted to go undercover in one of the Old Spirit camps! Or on the Lapsarian! Have you heard about the Lapsarian?! Oh, what am I saying? Of course you have! You talked about it at the last meeting. Did we ever get confirmation that its actually real?
Yes. Adam sent people out last week to all the nearby ports. They saw it, and there are pictures, and it is as gargantuan as they say. But the existence of a gargantuan prison ship is unimportant. Since when have you two wanted to go undercover in the Old Spirit camp?! More importantly, are you two absolutely out of your minds?!
I told you! I exclaimed, somewhat too excitedly, and Alice rolled her eyes. I told you! I told you!
Please tell me that you told her I would be incredulous at such a stupid idea for a prank. This is a prank, isnt it?
No. Its not, and hes saying I told youvery annoyingly, I might addbecause he said there was no way youd be supportive of this.
He was right! They know that you two are close to me! If the Pangaeans knew it when you all first arrived here, then the Old Spirits know.
What makes you think the Old Spirits know cuz the Pangaeans here know? Wait, do you really think there are spies here?
Yes, but that does not matter either. What they fail to put on their stupid poster is that the Deep Cover Agents will more than likely be the first to go. If there are spies in our camp now, then they will have most certainly seen these posters that are plastered all over everything to which adhesive will stick.
Yeah, I totally saw one stuck on Adams statue. Over his face.
Brynna snorted through her nose, taken suddenly by an uncontrollable fit of laughter. 
Brynna! Alice exclaimed as she laughed harder.
Im sorry. I dont know why that is so funny. I am sorry. Anyway, if the spies have seen the posters, and they report back to the Old Spirits that Deep Cover Agents are being sought after and will soon be arriving, looking for shelter, the Old Spirits will surely kill anyone who comes to them. It is so utterly stupid. People should have been approached individually, if they were truly set on having Deep Cover Agents. But no, we needed fucking posters.
Brynna! Alice exclaimed again, I have never heard such salty language from you!
I do apologize. She muttered, and she sounded somewhat genuine. I have been trying to keep all of my vices to a minimum, and my new affinity for swearing is certainly one of my vices. She lit up a cigarette, took a drag, and then took a drink of her coffee. Children, please reconsider this cockamamie scheme. You are young, and you are both incredibly gifted, and though you would certainly benefit from and be a benefit to the armed forces, I would much prefer it if you would stick with Security Detail. Alice, arent you happy now that you have been switched to Security? Isnt that enough?
No! She said, I mean, no offense, Brynn, but we havent gotten any orders to do anything but farmwork! And James says that
Allie! I exclaimed.
Oh, shit She muttered, Brynn, Im sorry.
No. Do not be sorry. Please, tell me what James said.
He didnt say anything. He was just frustrated. Everyone wants to counterstrike the Bachums because they hit the city. He was just saying that we were stuck doing farm work when we should have been out hunting them down. Thats it. Seriously, Brynn, thats all he said.
Her eyes searched mine, and inside of my mind, I could almost feel the fingers of her power picking through my brain. When she decided that I was being truthful, she dropped her gaze to her coffee cup.
Well, he is brutish and impulsive when he is angry, and he is angry about the city. Many of our people died. I am angry, too, sometimes.
Brynn Alice reached out across the table and grasped her hand, Youre not yourself at all. I know youre still really sick from the venom, and youre still hurt from when you were out in the woods with Adam. Why dont you let him come home?
Her impassive, almost dead stare rose to life, and her body animated like someone had flipped a power switch inside of her. Her eyes widened and turned red, and Alice murmured oh, shit under her breath as Brynna opened her mouth.
Tell him that if he is going to use you two as messengers to beg for my forgiveness and maneuver his way back here then he is even more pathetic than his affair with Janna led me to believe! And that you two would go along with such a scheme, when I was honest with all of you about what he had done
Brynn, he never said anything. I said, All he said was the stuff about the farm work. Thats it. He hasnt said anything to us about what happened. But Allie is right; maybe it would be good for you to have him here, even if you make him sleep in the guest room.
I would not let him sleep in the guest room! I would not let him sleep on the couch, or the floor, or the bathtub! Dogs sleep outside, and you can tell him I said that! No, on second thought, do not mention my name to him. I cannot and will not think about him. I see him every other day, and it it affects me negatively! I am sorry that I am not as excited as you two are about your possible assignment as Deep Cover Agents slash fodder. I am sorry that my love for both of you prevents me from seeing this as anything but the most stupid of ideas. And I am sorry that I am so snippy! I am just very on edge, and Penny is not here, and I miss her Anyway, just go run along and be young.
Brynn Alice said, and there were tears in her eyes as she grasped Brynnas hand again.
I dont want to hear another word of this, right now or ever. Do not repeat any of what just happened to anyone. Please.
Of course not, Brynn, but
Go. She said, not unkindly. Go be young and normal. I am going to go back to bed until James drops Penny off.
But Alice started, but I grasped her shoulder to stop her.
That will be the best thing for you, Brynna. What time is James bringing her back?
Mid-afternoon, when the clock starts chiming. Why do you ask?
Because well pick her up from James and bring her back here so you can sleep. Alice told her, reading my mind. Duh. Silly goose. 
No, you dont have to
I dont want to hear another word of this. Alice told her, and she rubbed Brynnas hair as we started to leave. Go rest or Ill kick your ass!
You could try, and you would probably win, because I am still very sick, so you would be picking on a sick woman!
I know I would.
We closed the door, and Alice sighed heavily, puffing out her cheeks as she exhaled.
Well, that went badly.
I told you she wasnt going to be supportive.
You dont have to rub it in, asshole.
Sure I do. Were still going to do it, though, right?
Duh. Well convince her that its a good idea eventually. Who else can we tell?
***

And you came from there, so you know it is. Dont you think wed be able to handle it? Alice asked Savannah.
What?! Savannah exclaimed, as she looked between the two of us. First of all, you two would be separated.
Oh, right. Cuz were interracial. They hate that stuff.
No! Savannah exclaimed, Because youre young, and youve been together for too long, so theyll assume you two are you know, doing things, and theyll say that youre too passionate. I saw it happen to a dozen couples, young and old! They almost split my husband and I up. Secondly, you do realize that anyone who comes to them has to go through the Confessionals? So, you two will be put in front of all of them in the village square and whipped, at the very least.
But we havent done anything bad!
It doesnt matter. You two are old enough that you can be held responsible for anything you have done wrong. Did you ever lie to your parents? Did you ever disobey them? And even if you two arent doing anything I laughed, because it was so awkward for her to say it, Theyll think you two are! All of those things are grounds for lashings. Look, I love that you two are so motivated to help us all out. I think that is so brave and so mature. But it is not a game up there.
We didnt say it was, Savannah.
I know, but you need to know it. It is nothing like it is here. And once you are there, there is no way they are going to let you leave. Especially if the people who are hiding out here report back to them that they are training Deep Cover Agents. Guys, just take my word for it, it is not a good idea. If you want to help, just stay on Security, because you guys are already enlisted. Okay?
Were at least going to train for it!
Can I train for it? Ellie asked from behind us, I dont get to do anything except babysit Oliver and go to school!
No, you cant train for being a Deep Cover Agent, Eliza. But nice try.
No, not Deep Cover, but cant I train for the Army? Tommy and Lisa Chen are doing it, and so is TJ Price!
What?! Alice, Savannah, and I exclaimed.
Yeah! They were talking about it at lunch the other day.
I think they were exaggerating, Elle. Alice told her, There is no way that Brynna, Don, Adam, and Janna would let people your age enlist.
They are! Swear to God! When I come home tomorrow, Im bringing TJ, and were coming to your house, and hell tell you himself!
Please do. Quinn said, Cuz TJ is full of shit.
Hes not! And hes kind of my boyfriend, so be nice, Quinn.
What?! Savannah exclaimed, Ellie, we have talked about this, and he is not your boyfriend!
We left, and they continued their argument.
***

You guys do realize Im doing the training for that? Well, Im one of five trainers? James asked as he pushed Penny on the swing set outside of the school house. She squealed in delight as she went higher and higher, laughing hysterically all the while.
Yeah, and dont you think it will be awesome to hang out with us all day? I asked, grinning widely.
If youre going to look like that, then no. He said, Im definitely not going to go easy on you guys if you do this.
Well, duh, James! Alice said, But it doesnt matter. We want to do this.
I am going to go harder on you two than I do on anyone, because if I dont, everyone is going to say you two dont deserve to be where youre at, and Im not a fair instructor.
Are there really that many people signing up?
Town Hall is overflowing with people, and the trainers have to clear everyone unanimously. So, were going to be busy. And everyone knows that Im going to be a hard-ass. Were all going to be hard-asses. What did my erstwhile girlfriend say about this? I can only imagine.
She was upset. She says she loves us too much to see us do this, or something. Alice said, And Savannah said were crazy, and now youre warning us that youre going to be a hard-ass. No one thinks we can do it! And you know, you should be doing everything in your power right now to win back your erstwhile girlfriend.
How is she doing? He asked, I cant tell when I pick up Penny if shes really okay or if shes just saying she is.
She misses you, man. I told him, You need to be trying to sort this out with her.
No. I need to be giving her space. Thats what she wants. After I fucked up like that, the only thing I can do to start making it up to her is give her what she wants, and she wants some time apart.
Youre not sleeping with anyone else, are you?
Allie! He and I exclaimed, and we both gestured at Penny, who was swinging herself now. James walked over to the fence and lit a cigarette.
Of course Im not! He told her, Ive seen Janna skulking around, and Kara and Michele have been trying to jump me every night, but of course I havent slept with any of them. Did she ask you to ask me that?
God, what is it with you two, thinking that youre both trying to use us as messengers? Alice said with a roll of our eyes, Everyone is so annoying today. Youre discouraging mine and Quinns amazing idea, and now you two are using us as pawns in your fight.
I just asked you a question, darlin. I did not ask you to tell her anything, and I doubt she asked you to tell me anything. Calm down. Anything I need to tell Brynna, Ill tell her when I drop Miss Penelope back at home.
You should just tell her youre moving back in. Just be like, Guess what? Im coming home, and theres nothing you can do to stop me.
Shed make me sleep outside.
Alice and I laughed, and he looked at us quizzically.
Nothing. We both said, before he could ask.
Okay. Look, if you guys want to enlist, just join the Army, okay? The training for that is more vigorous than it is for the Deep Cover Agents, but you two would be better suited to that. Youd still get to be here in the village when you were off duty, and youll still get to go out into the world and fight for us. Best of both worlds, right? He asked. 
Alice and I looked at each other, neither of us having any objection to that. Sure, we wanted to be Deep Cover Agents because it was the coolest of the options, but the Army was just as rigorous, and James was right, wed still be getting out and seeing Pangaea. Wed still be fighting. Alice sighed heavily, and he mimicked her. 
Tell the light of my life and the fire of my loins that I miss her, okay? And tell her that I just quoted Lolita because I know shell get mad about it, and I miss her indignant fury. Actually, dont tell her, because shes still too mad at me to laugh. And in the meantime, go tell Don at Town Hall that you want to enlist in the Army. We start training in two days.
I am going to tell Brynna everything you just said. I told him.
You better not, or Ill really kick your ass in training.
Oh, bring it, old man!
Quinn, he is going to whoop you so hardcore at training. Allie warned me, You just watch.
***
And whoop me he did. On the first day of training, we were introduced to our five trainers, even though we already knew them. Rael, the Ares guide, and Augustus, the Herculian guide were two of them, and then there was James, Tom, and Caspar, who was hanging around with Violet a little too frequently for my taste.
Hi, Caspar! Alice whispered, and he smiled and waved at her. What? She asked when I looked at her.
You know I dont like that guy.
Well, I do. So Im going to say hi to him.
I dont know how you can like him when he is trying to break up Violet and Nick.
He is not trying to break them up. She said, with a roll of her eyes.
You know that Violet has missed class like, six times already? Do you know why? Its because she hangs out with Nick in the early evening, says shes
I was there when she told us this, Quinn. She said with another roll of her eyes, She and Caspar hang out. What does it matter if she misses class once in a while?
Because its not once in a while.
Well, arent you just such a good student, even though youre not a student? How many times did we skip school?
That was different! Hes a bad influence on her. She was so excited about being a doctor, and now, Dr. Miletus is going to kick her out of the program.
She is not going to kick her out of the program.
Are you serious? Shes a hardass, and Violet is stepping on her toes. Not to mention, she hasnt told Nick that shes seeing Caspar all the time!
Nick doesnt think theres anything to worry about.
Thats what you think. I muttered, and she scowled at me.
Someone else was on my side. James was scowling down the line of instructors at Caspar, and when our eyes met, he rolled his, and I rolled mine in response. Jamess bad feelings towards Caspar were more than likely the result of him being Adams son, but I know that he had asked me about Caspar and Violet multiple times.
Does Brynna know?
No. Violet says shed never approve of them hanging out.
Oh, so she sees the danger in the son but not the father. Cute.
You all are here because you volunteered for active service. Rael said, Specifically, you volunteered for the Army. Because there was no set criteria that you all had to meet before enlisting, you all must be approved by James, Tom, Joseph, Augustus, and myself. There are two hundred of you here, and only one quarter of you will pass our five tests, if that. So, without further ado Shall we begin?
They tried to separate Alice and me when we split into groups but James stopped them.
No, let them stay together. That will be harder in the long run than easier.
You sure about that? I asked, with a chuckle of disbelief.
I am absolutely sure. He replied, See you kiddies later.
***

Our first test was with Rael, and we had to go in one at a time. We had no idea what the test would entail, so Alice and I were rightfully nervous. We were split into groups of twenty-five, and even though spirits were high as we all sat around, waiting to be called into the room with Rael, neither Alice or I lost the foreboding feeling in our chests. We sat on the floor against the wall, and her arm was linked around mine, and her head was on my shoulder. We talked quietly about random things to keep our minds off of our nerves, but we didnt see anyone as they came out. If we had, I am sure that we would have thrown in the towel right there.
Finally, it came down to her and me. 
Ill go first.
No. You two will go together. Rael said, and he helped us onto our feet. 
He led us into a darkened study. There were three chairs in the room, one facing the two others. Alice and I sat in those, squinting because the solitary light-bulb that was hanging directly over our heads was so bright that it cast a painful haze in that vast darkness all around us. Rael sat across from us, his huge body, ripped from hundreds of years of lifting weights that were almost as big as he was every day, causing the chair to creak. In the dark, the whites of his eyes stood out against his dark skin. 
I want to preface this to you two with an agreement between the three of us. This will not change our relationship outside of this room. This is very important to me, as I have enjoyed meeting with you two once a week and discussing our Gift.
Of course, man. I said, Its not like you want to do this.
Yeah, Rael, it has to be done. Whatever it is.
Alright. It is easier to agree now than it will be later. But let us begin. What I want you both to do right now is think of your deepest, darkest secret. We have discussed much in our meetings, but there are things that you have never told me. There are things that you have never told each other.
Thats not true. Alice said, Ive told him
No. There are always things that we do not share. There is always something so shameful that we cannot bring the words to our lips. Every person has such a dark thing inside of them. Every person holds such a secret. Right now, I want you to find yours. Look into your minds, search your hearts, and find that dark secret. Hold onto it. Keep it at the forefront. If you cannot find it now, over the next few weeks, you will. In all of these tests, you will want to tell this secret to make the pain stop, but know this, if you speak it, you will be disqualified from these proceedings and from Security. These are times of war, as we all know, and those protecting us must be able to suffer all things and still keep our secrets.
Of course. Alice said.
Yup. I agreed. Of course.
Alright, then. Here we go. 
Before I could even blink, I was doubled over, grasping my chest as pain seared through every inch of me. I could feel grief inching outwards from my heart to follow after the physical pain. My parents were dead. They were lying on the ground outside of my door. They had died protecting me. Alice was screaming, no doubt picturing her parents inside of those creatures, being tormented in Hell until she had shot them and set them free. But she could not see that part, and if she did, all she could think was that she had killed them, not that she had saved them. They were not with her; she would never see them again.
I had wanted to leave my parents behind. Tears fell from my eyes as I remembered how I had told Alice that we would not be able to convince them that the world was ending. We would have to leave them behind. How could I ever have considered doing that? I should have tried to make them see. I should have tried to convince them the night I went home. The night Alice called me to tell me that she had let the creature in
The grief gave way to rage. It really was like fire, burning through my veins; they were dissolving in the heat, and my blood was running through me, hemorrhaging out of me, red, redder than my eyes that were burning into her red eyes. We were roaring at each other, our fangs out, and if I could only stand, I would rip her to pieces for letting me think that I couldnt convince my parents. I would rip her to pieces over the fight we had had the year before, when she had killed that Pangaean man, even though I had killed people since. I would kill her over the slight disagreement we had had over Caspar
Tell me your secret, Quinn. Tell me what you have told no one else. I heard Rael tell me. I will stop if only you tell me your secret.
I wanted to, even though I didnt know what my secret was yet. I had no idea what it was that I had never told anyone, not even Alice. But whatever it was, I would tell him. 
No, I thought, remembering how he had said I would immediately be disqualified, You have to fight it, Quinn.
NO! I shouted at him, and his grip on me released.
Alice was still fighting, but after a second, she looked up and shouted the same, and he released her, too.
Well done. Rael said. He was still sitting in his chair, looking down at us as we picked ourselves up off of the cold, concrete floor. Very well done!
I know! That lasted for like, twenty minutes! I said excitedly.
I cant believe we lasted that long! I was expecting to last five minutes! 
I thought wed make it to eight at the most! I said, You have to admit, Ray, that was pretty awesome. Did we last the longest? Come on, twenty minutes has to be a record.
Yes. Rael said with a smile, Twenty minutes would be a record.
Yes! Alice and I high-fived, laughing in pride.
It is a record that has never been reached. You did not set a record, because you were not under my siege for twenty minutes. You were under for two. 
Smiles gone. Hearts dropped. 
Well, shit. I muttered.
Alice only nodded, and Rael laughed. 
***

And we ended up doing it four times! I was telling James, And we lasted like, five minutes each time.
Two minutes the first time. Alice corrected me. 
Yeah, two minutes the first time. But every other time, we went up a little bit. It sucks, though, man.
I know. James said, and we all thanked the Pangaean barmaid when she served us our huge flagons of beer. Im proud of you two, though! You made it through the first day! I already got ten people to drop out, and Joe got twelve to drop. I havent heard from Augustus yet, but Im sure hes knocked a couple out, and I know at least five of Raels people dropped.
Damn! Alice said as she took a drink of her beer, Were badass, baby.
Well, we made it to Day Two. What do we have tomorrow? Are we fighting you, old man? Huh? Huh? Are we?
I dont know what you two have tomorrow, but if I call me old man one more time, Im going to make sure I lay you flat in front of your girlfriend.
That sounded vaguely dirty, James. I told him, I love you, man, but Im not in love with you, and
James wrapped his arm around my neck and pulled me to him. 
Alright, smartass, just you wait! He said, as I laughed at him.
Quinn, you just dont understand that every time you taunt him, you add just a little more power to his determination to whoop your ass. Alice told me, Are you going to actually swing on me, James? Like, with all of your strength?
You bet your ass I will. He said, When youre out there fighting grown men hand-to-hand, do you think theyre going to throw you softball punches? No, maam.
I know. I was just wondering if youll actually be able to do it.
Believe me, it will break my heart if I connect, so you better not let me connect. You better block every hit I throw at you. But yeah, I will be coming at you as hard as I come at everyone else. I want you to be prepared out there, girl. And I want this one He tightened his grip around my neck and I pretended to be choking, to be prepared, too, but I also want to kick his ass for calling me old man all the time. I want to prove to him that hes no match for me, despite the fact that Im an old man.
See? He admits it. Hes an old man.
I am, but just wait. Youve never seen me fight full-on, but youre going to.
***

But it wasnt James we were matched with the next day; it was Joe. 
Now, as many of you know, Im a nerdy botanist, so what am I doing here? Am I going to teach you how to avoid Venus fly traps that the opposition might plant as defenses? Am I going to teach you how to scavenge for berries and cook lizard berry pie out in the wilderness? Am I going to teach you to avoid poison ivy? No, but I am going to poison you. All of you.
We had all been chuckling at his speech, but that died away instantly.
Wait I said, Joe, youre just messing around, right?
Oh, no. I am very serious. Check this. He opened the lid of an iron cauldron, and foul smelling smoke erupted from it. Once it reached us, we were all covering our noses. Joe wrinkled his but did not seem to be as affected by the stench as we were. Alice was actually gagging, though she was trying to stifle it. With one thickly gloved hand, he reached into the steaming pot and pulled out a wet, slimy, brown root. The tendrils that flowed from the main body of it were still moving, looking like tiny, slithering worms. Alice gagged harder, and I had to suppress the urge to do the same.
This Joe said, is the Tenebris Excitatio root. That is Latin, and loosely translated, it means dark awakening. So what does this do? Well, kiddies, when you chop off one of its tendrils Joe held the root to the table and hacked off one of the slithering pieces, which took two hard hacks with the an axe before it dislodged. Once it was on the table, it stayed still, And grind it into powder Joe was grinding it into powder, And blow it in someones face, they are almost instantaneously plunged into darkness. Your eyes and your ears stop working. You lose all sensation in your body, and yet you can still walk and you can still think. You are an active mind stuck in an active body, but you have no control over any of it. Now, in a small dosage, this will last about six minutes. In a higher dosage, it could last six hours. Its been known to drive grown men completely out of their minds in three minutes. This is used in the Old Spirit camp to get repentances from their citizens, confessions out of their criminals, and as it would pertain to us, to get secrets out of their captives. You cannot learn to fight it off until you have experienced it. So, today, I am going to administer a small dosage to each of you, and you are going to try to control your bodies, but more importantly, you are going to try not to talk. The Old Spirits tell their victims that if they start making sounds like they are trying to talk, they will administer the antidote, because the victim is probably trying to repent, or confess, or tell the secret. If you all start calling out, I will administer the antidote, and as it works through you, you will tell your secret, if that is what you were trying to do. But regardless, if you come out, you are disqualified from these proceedings. Alright! Is everyone ready to party?
We were all silent, and two guys in the back said that they were out and left. 
I grasped Alices hand as Joe walked down the line, blowing the ground-up root into the faces of everyone in the room. I watched as it easily traveled up their nasal cavities, leaving not a single particle behind. Immediately, the men and women went down, and when Joe came to me, I nodded, and before I could even shut my eyes, everything was black, and I could not hear anything. My body was moving; I was panicking. I was running into walls, into tables, into other people, but I could not feel the pain. My mind was racing, urging me to count the seconds. Joe had said that it would last six minutes. Six minutes, but it seemed like ten had already passed. I fell over something, reminding myself to keep my mouth shut. I knew if I opened it, I would confess everything to him. I would confess my secret, the one that was beginning to take shape in my mind. But Joe said we had to try to control it. We had to learn how to fight it. Only then would we have mastered it, and it could not have an effect on us. Even if we mastered it once, there was no way that any person could take being inflicted with this multiple times.
I had to relax. I had to try to lay down. I had to find solace in my own mind. What could I think about? What brought me peace? Well, Alice did, but when I thought of her, I panicked, because I knew that she was panicking. What else? My parents, but they were gone. Playing football? All my friends on the team were dead. All my coaches were dead. The whole Earth was gone.
I was a thinker to a certain extent, but I had always had a pessimistic streak. I accused Alice of being the pessimistic one, but as I tried to find some positive thought in my mind, I couldnt. Everything was tainted by my negative thoughts. But my body was lying down. It was not moving. Somehow, I knew that I had collapsed. The world was dark, and I was trapped inside of my blind, deaf, unfeeling body, like a corpse. It was like I had died and would remain stuck, stuck in my head, stuck in my body, buried alive I was still panicking, but somehow, I was calming down. A memory was taking over me. I remembered when I had been a little younger, and my parents had taken me snowboarding for my birthday. My mom had kicked ass at it, and my dad, because he was six foot five, had been falling the whole time, nearly breaking the board under his weight. My mom and I had been cracking up all day, sometimes just lying on the side of the slope, watching him fall and get frustrated. My best friend at the time had come with us, and after we were done snowboarding for the day, we had all eaten these terrible cheeseburgers from the restaurant attached to the ski place. The entire time, it seemed, we had talked about how epically my dad sucked at snowboarding. He had never lived it down.
I was laughing. As I came out the darkness, I was laughing hysterically. Alice was over top of me, looking panicked, thinking, no doubt, that I was one of the men who had gone completely nuts in under two minutes.
Im fine. I told her through my hysterical laughter, I just remembered that time when we went snowboarding and my dad my dad
I laughed even harder, but she did not crack a smile. She was still scarred from what she had just experienced. I sat up and hugged her, forcing myself to kill my laughter.
You didnt say anything, did you?
No. I just laid on the floor and moaned. That was terrible! How can you be laughing?!
Because thats the trick. I told her, You have to find something in your mind that makes you less afraid. Something funny. Something that makes you happy. Its the only way to stay sane.
Well, I guess Ill have to try that next time. Quinn She said softly, I dont know if Im cut out for this. That was She stopped, sniffled, and wiped at her eyes, trying so hard not to cry. Yesterday was a cakewalk compared to this, and yesterday, I thought nothing could be worse. So what is tomorrow going to be like? I think I should just give up.
Allie, dont say that! Youve made it this far. Come on, you have to see it through to the end. Weve got two weeks of this. We can do this. This is what you wanted. Dont give up now.
I just dont think I can do that ever again. I felt like I was dead. I had convinced myself that I was dead.
But now you know the next time that you wont die. That youre just drugged up, and youll come out of it. Come on, babe. Youre strong. Youre a Viking. You can do this.
She looked at me, and after a second, she smiled.
Okay.
Alright, guys Joe said excitedly, Weve only got four drops so far, and I like to have at least ten by the end of a session. So, whos ready for the Belladonna-Ipecac treatment?!
Joe, you are so obnoxious. Alice told him, Im going to tell Rachel on you.
Say that again, and I will eat all of this belladonna. At least then I would die quickly. He kneeled down beside us, and his tone was serious. You guys are doing great. Allie, you stayed laying down the whole time, and that means that you were fighting it better than anyone else. Quinn, you came out laughing, which means youre learning to beat it. Youve got this. Now, take this Belladonna and hang on to your hats.
***

What is this fucking bullshit through which you fucking savages are putting these innocent kids?! Brynna was screaming at James, Joe, Rael, and Don. Don, we never agreed to this! We never talked about this! Christ, if we had put this shit on your fucking posters, we wouldnt have gotten two-hundred innocent people, mostly young people, wanting to train under this band of despicable sadists!
Brynna was holding Alices hair back, and when Alice finished vomiting into the basin that Brynna was holding with her other hand, Brynna laid her back on the couch and covered her up. Violet was in front of me, trying to coax me into drinking some ginger ale, still in her white doctors coat, because she had run home from work to assist Brynna in caring for Alice and me. Nick was rushing the basins of vomit out of the room, a scarf tied around his nose and his eyes trained steadfastly forward so he didnt look at it. 
Brynna, this is what theyll experience if theyre captured, or if they end up getting promoted to Deep Cover, and they go into the Old Spirit camp
Oh, this fucking Deep Cover bullshit again!
She is so pissed. I heard Joe mutter to James in horror. How many fucks is that?
I lost count. James said, Dont whisper, shell
Yes, I will hear you! And I, too, have lost count of the number of times I have said fuck. I do apologize for my profanity; two people for whom I care very deeply are vomiting blood! They were forced to inhale that root and tumble around in the dark, and now his She pointed at me, shoulder is dislocated, and he has two cracked ribs! Is this how you think you are going to win soldiers, you fucking morons?! This is not preparation; this is torture! If they are captured, do you honestly think this preparation is going to help them at all?! Just because they have experienced the effects of these drugs does not mean that they will be able to fight them off. There is no preparing for that! And what is this I hear about you breaking peoples ribs and hands and legs and whatever else, James Maxwell?! And why is Augustus having you tie people to chairs so he can beat the shit out of them?! I suppose the blanket question with which I should have prefaced this whole tirade is why the fuck are all of your enlistees spending every night in the fucking infirmary?! 
Brynna. James tried to say, Baby, thats enough. 0
Get. Out. She said slowly, her throat crackling from how loud she had yelled. I will go see Adam in the morning so I can put a stop to this.
Brynn, its the only way for them to know what its going to be like out there. And when I administer these drugs to them, it exposes them to what its like. Wouldnt you rather that happen to them for the first time in a safe environment, where I can put a stop to it if need be, rather than having them experience it for the first time on the Lapsarian?
Oh, the goddamn Lapsarian. You boys and your obsession with that monster ship. If they take over, which they will not, then I will worry about the goddamn Lapsarian. When they are walking me onto their prison ship, and I am surrounded by one thousand of their most bloodthirsty criminals, I will worry about it. Until then, I would appreciate it if I did not have to hear its name every five minutes. It doesnt matter. Just leave. All of you. I will sort this out in the morning when I go see Adam. She turned Alice back over the basin after Alice made a dry-heaving sound, and Alice vomited again.
Brynn She cried when it was over, and I was throwing up in my own basin. When I came back out of it, Alices head was in Brynnas chest, and James was kneeling beside them, rubbing Alices back.
Brynna, its nonnegotiable, alright? James snapped at her, Im staying to help you with them. You cant afford to miss any nights of your sleep when youre still recovering. Ill stay, and Violet and I will take care of them, okay?
So, Violet will be losing her sleep when she needs to be in her classes before dawn?
Brynn, its fine. Im not going to be able to sleep anyway. She turned her attention back to me, and I took a tiny sip of the ginger ale again. 
You and your friends are so stupid, James! This is utterly ridiculous! You can bet whatever it is that you value in this world that I will be bringing this issue to the Council tomorrow.
Baby, I know its hard. I hate seeing them like this. I hate seeing all these kids like this. But this has to be done!
You are out of your fucking mind if you believe that, James! You are so stupid if you believe that! You are just drinking the Kool-Aid, as they say. And why? So you can have an outlet for your excess testosterone? So you can exhibit your brutish fighting skills? So you can show off? Look at me, Im a big, strong man; I can beat the shit out of kids more than half my age. You are fucking pathetic. 
Alright. Fine. Why dont you just stop talking?
Excuse me?! You are in my house, and you are going to listen to me insult you, because you need to hear it! You are acting like an utter imbecile!
Alice had fallen asleep, but her breathing was steady. I leaned back to lie on the pillow, and Violet dabbed off my forehead with a wet cloth.
You are completely unrecognizable to me! I have no idea if this is who you are, or if you are the person with whom I fell in love, and youre just going through a really fucking annoying mid-life crisis! 
Alright. James said, Lets just stop this right now, okay? Let them sleep. Its what they need. That antidote should start kicking in here soon, and the fluids will start working. Theyll be able to sleep comfortably for a little bit. Then you can scream at me til youre blue in the face if you want. Just let them rest, baby.
Do not call me baby. And I will not be shouting at you, because I will not be talking to you anymore. Please dont talk to me either.
Alright. If thats what you want, I wont talk to you.
Thank you so much.
You are most welcome. Psycho.
Just before I dropped off to sleep, I felt my lips curl up into a smile.
James I said, and he came over so he could hear me, Shes gonna knife you in your sleep Watch out.
***

Training was still intensive after that, but it was nowhere near as sadistic. Joes lessons, especially, got far easier to endure. Instead of actually poisoning us, he taught us methods to control our minds while we were under the influence of poisons. Many people said that Brynna and those on the Council who agreed with herand the latter group included Adam and three quarters of the other memberswere doing us all a disservice by making our training sessions easier. Don, especially, was adamant that they remain as they were, and James told me that Brynna and her people had essentially pussy-fied all the trainees. 
Its ridiculous. Like, Im not even breaking a sweat right now. Im not even out of breath. He had said, as we fought. I, for one, was out of breath, and I was sweating, as I dodged his only somewhat forceful punches. You all arent learning anything from this.
She says that you all were being sadistic for the sake of being sadistic.
Well, shes wrong. He snapped, Were being sadistic because the Old Spirits are sadistic.
But how much is this really going to prepare us for the real thing? I asked, and I undercut him in the ribcage. It sent him stumbling back a few feet, but he came at me again without a moment of recovery. God, youre a fucking machine!
Am I? I thought I was an old man?
I take it back. I take it back.
Well, just because you take it back doesnt mean were stopping. Youve landed one hit this whole time. Im blocking you with no effort. Come on, you pansy; fight back.
I stormed towards him, swinging my fists violently and erratically. Still, he blocked every hit. From the sidelines, Alice giggled. James had struggled a little more with her than he was with me. He had eventually swung at her with the same force he was using on me, but it was only after she had called him antifeminist, chauvinistic, and an asshole. When he landed a light hit on her cheek, he stopped immediately and zoomed to her to make sure she was okay. Because of that, she kneed him in the balls and uppercut him in the face. I had almost died laughing.
See? When you do that, youre just being sloppy. He said, Youre not aiming, youre just swinging. Dont get frustrated. Once youre frustrated, you lose. And what do you mean this isnt preparing you for the real thing? How can we prepare you for the real thing if not like this? Well, we could do what we were doing before Brynna, Adam, and the morons on the council voted against it.
This is a controlled environment, James. I snapped at him, even though it was getting harder to breathe. You all have accounted for all the variables. If something goes wrong, you can stop it. You can get us help. Theres no way to replicate what goes on out there. Youre never going to make us that afraid. Youre never going to be able to be that cruel. Even if you kick my ass right now, you arent going to try to kill me. Even if Joe gives us all that shit he was giving us yesterday, hes not going to let us lose our minds or die. We cant replicate it, so why should we try so hard to replicate it?
He was silent because he knew that I was right. I spun, kicked my leg out, and knocked his legs out from under him. He hit the hard rubber mat inside of the ring, but before I could deliver the final blow, he kicked my legs out from underneath of me, and then held me to the mat. Alice hit the mat three times, yelling out, One, two, three, Quinn sucks! 
Shut up! Hes just mad because he knows Ive got a point.
Maybe a little. Im madder that Brynna has a point. I fucking hate when shes right all the time.
He stood up, walked to the edge of the ring, ducked out of it, and grabbed his water bottle. He tossed mine to me, and I took five huge gulps, draining the whole bottle.
Slow down! Alice snapped at me, Youre going to throw up!
Oh, God, please! No more throwing up! I said, and I laid on the mat and stared up at the metal ceiling of the training facility. The sun was streaming through the large square opening at the top, but I wasnt squinting. Instead, I was staring up at the blue sky. Alice laid down beside me and took a deep breath. When I looked over at her, I saw that her eyes were closed but she was smiling. I reached out, and she lifted her head so I could place my arm under it, and then she laid her head down on my forearm.
I would get closer to you but you smell like raw onions and hot garbage.
I laughed hysterically at that.
Well, you smell like I leaned closer to her and smelled her, You smell fine. Goddamn it!
I know, I know. You dont have to tell me. The secret is this little stick of powder they call odor-eraser and we call deodorant.
I put on deodorant this morning, punk!
Well, you need more. Start bringing it with you. She reached out and ran her hand down my stomach, and I reached down to cover her hand with mine. I cant believe how in-shape we are already. Youre starting to look almost as ripped as James!
I know, right?! I wanted to take shirtless selfies in the bathroom last night, but alas, I have no camera phone.
I would break up with you immediately if you started taking bathroom selfies!
What if you were in my bathroom selfies?
Then they wouldnt be selfies anymore! Arent selfies only supposed to be yourself? As in just one person? As in just you?
I dont know! Who cares?! I just wish we had pictures of our epically ripped bods! I wish there was a beach we could go to so we could show them off! Ive never been this ripped before! Not even when I played football!
Well, maybe you should have actually lifted weights during your weight time instead of pretending to do pull-ups and drinking Gatorade!
I did not pretend to do pull-ups!
You did! You were never doing anything! She told me, giggling hysterically. She rolled on top of me and kissed me before I could reply. Oh, my God, youre so sweaty, I feel like Im sitting on top of you in a baby pool!
What?! I exclaimed, and I was cracking up hysterically. I sat up, kissing her passionately, and she put both of her hands on my face and kissed me back. We were getting even closer now that we were going through training together. We were suffering all they threw at us, and we were getting through it because we had each other. As I kissed her, I couldnt help but think that our lives were finally getting back on track, even though I knew that was a dangerous thought to have; every time we thought positively, bad things happened. But my love for her was changing; it was deeper and stronger than ever. We were both so strong, so determined, and in such agreement over what we knew we had to do. We had to fight, and if we had to fight, we were going to fight together.
What I loved most about us was that no matter what, we stuck together. 
As we kissed, her breathing began to deepen, and my grip on her tightened. There was no one around, and there was no way we could make it back home, so
No physical contact in the ring besides practice-fighting! Jamess voice echoed around the whole training facility. Yeah. Im still here. Hi! Do you two mind leaving this facility? Ive got my next group of trainees coming in five minutes, and Im already scarred for life with what I just witnessed, and I am so disappointed in both of you because youre not married, and
You and Brynna arent married! Alice yelled at him as she jumped off of me. You also tell us were not allowed to smoke, and you both smoke! And last week, you told us we werent allowed to look at each other because were not married, and you and Brynn look at each other all the time! So, stop being a hypocrite, James Maxwell!
Are you saying you learned all this bad behavior from Brynna and me?
Yes! Alice feigned that she was about to cry, We learned it from you, okay?! We learned it from you!
She grabbed my hand, pulled me to my feet, and we pretended to storm away in a huff. 
Love you, James! Alice called back to him.
Love you, too! Make good decisions! Dont disappoint me! Good job today! 

Violet

In my first weeks of training for Medical, I learned everything there was to know about the medicinal qualities of plants and herbs, First Aid, minor surgical techniques, and most awesomely, how to deliver a baby. At any given time, we were lucky to have one pregnant person. Adam explained to me one day when he came by to visit that with all of us living forever, nature had its own ways of preventing overpopulation; women just did not get pregnant as easily as they did on Earth. That would explain why every couple I knew had not gotten pregnant, even those who were not using any form of protection. But I was on duty when Kelly, an Earthean woman, was ushered in by her two husbands. 
Her water broke, and shes having contractions, and we tried to do the breathing thing, but its not helping! Its coming out. The baby is coming out! Tim, the man she had married on Earth, told me in a panicked shout. He was shaking violently, and when I ducked down to look beneath the blanket on Kellys legs, I had seen that sure enough, the baby was crowning. The sight of it immediately made me dizzy, but Dr. Terry had said that being suddenly overwhelmed by panic was common in the early years, and though the possibility of it never went away, coping techniques were always found by medical health professionals to control them. My technique appeared to be taking three deep breaths, and after the third, I was ready. 
Dr. Terry! Shes crowning!
And I had helped Dr. Terry deliver this healthy baby boy. His name was Timothy Jaxson Jr. after both of his dads, which I found ridiculously charming, and they seemed to absolutely adore. Adam left the Council early, and he and Brynna came by to see the baby. We knew Kelly from our time on kitchen duty at the house, so Brynna wanted to visit for that reason, and Adam was there to bless the baby. As King, he was also the religious leader, and Kelly and Tim had converted to the Pangaean faith after meeting Jaxson. 
And may the one God guard Timothy Jaxson Junior for all of his eternal days, and bless his life with joy, love, peace, and prosperity of mind, body, and spirit. May this strong child, born by miracle, when so few are born, live out every day, from today until the last day. We ask this of you humbly, on bended knee and with heads bowed, our Shepherd, our Guardian, our God. Gratis. 
As we walked home, I rambled excitedly to them about what the baby had looked like coming out, watching Brynna grow steadily paler the more I said. 
And then after the baby was out, there was this veiny red pod, like a blood alien cocoon, I said, watching her face contort discreetly and trying not to laugh as I made my story even more gruesome. It was covered in uterine mucus, and I said that I would eat it! Its full of protein! 
Adam laughed even harder, and Brynna scowled at me.
This is why I am on the Council. This is why I did not pursue a career in medicine.
Well, to each her own, as they say. Adam said, Your compassionate nature serves you well on the Council, and Violets compassionate nature serves her well in Medical. You are learning so quickly, Violet. I have heard from all of my doctors that you are far ahead of all your classmates. I know who I will be requesting if ever I am stabbed with a poisoned blade again.
Aww, stop! I said, because the swelling of pride inside of me left my cheeks flushed. But for the record, I would totally patch you up. I would push the needle into your skin and through your wound, pulling the sutures through it, sewing your bloody flesh back together.
Violet! Brynna exclaimed, I am so proud of you and all of your accomplishments. Believe me, I am thrilled that you are at the top of your class, even though I am not surprised. We are from the same gene pool, after all. But if you continue tormenting me with this gruesome imagery, I will surely find disturbing imagery of my own with which to torment you.
Like what? I asked with a very unwise scoff of disbelief.
Adam, cover your ears. She said hurriedly, Like I will start giving you intimate details of my love life. How is that? 
That would be the worst thing to ever happen to me, but you would be way more uncomfortable saying it than I would be hearing it.
Regardless, knock it off. As you can see, I am only walking with Adams aid, and I cannot run away.
Alright. Fine. I put my arm around her shoulders, And Im proud of you, too, my lovely, wonderful, perfect big sister.
Is that not so nice? Adam asked, I am touched by this show of sisterly affection.
She is only putting on a show, Adam. Ignore all she is doing and saying. She is never this nice to me.
Oh, as if!
Welcome back to 1991
Shut up!
Thats more like it
I am always nice to you!
Oh, right, you are nice to me all the time, but that is only because you are trying to hide your lurid acts.
She was right that I was hiding lurid acts, I guess. But I was not being nice to her in an effort to keep those acts hidden. Caspar had started coming by at nighttime. Because I still lived with Brynna, and because she was in a habit of screaming profanity-laden tirades at anyone who displeased her, I could not let her know that I was sneaking out with him, so like the clich of the rebellious teenager, I took to crawling out of my window at night. Our relationship was not romantic, but I knew that she would think that it was. I was still devoted to Nick, and Caspar knew that. But Nick was so good, and so innocent, and Caspar knew so much about so many things, even though he was only a few years older than me. He was a prince, and he had been far out into the world, and we spent most our time alone, talking and smoking various harmless herbs. Most of them just got us a little high and loosened our tongues. I told him things about my life, my past, and my family that I had never told anyone before, not even Nick.
We would stay out until the first chime of the clock in the center of town. When that chime came, it signaled that it was midnight. Then, I would hurry home, and he would help me climb back up to my window. I would sleep for five hours, and be up in time for the first part of my training, which was done in the large schoolhouse, the one that was for adults.
The night after Kelly gave birth, I told Caspar every detail as we lounged under one of the palm trees in a cluster of exotic plants at the far end of his street, close to the ash-circle. The tree-beasts didnt bother us, and as we took huge puffs on the tightly rolled black cigarettes, we laid back in the grass and stared up at the stars. 
My father loves your sister, you know. He told me, and I looked at him, in shock. My eyes blacked out his face, but then, it resurfaced from the darkness.
What? Like loves her loves her?
I think so.
Whoa. I said emotionlessly, even though I was feeling many things, surprise and confusion most of all. I mean, I know they got close out in the woods, but if he loves her
I know. Do you think she loves him? 
Like, loves him, loves him?
He chuckled softly, and I did, too.
No. I answered, Not like that. But she definitely loves him. As a friend. She holds him in really high regard now. They got really close out there.
He cant read her heart all the time like he can with all other people. It drives him mad. He does not like that she is such a mystery, and yet he loves it. He and my mother fight about her constantly. My mother does not understand it.
Well, no offense, but your mother fucks around with other people. I said, speaking only half as angrily as I actually felt.
No offense taken. I love my mother dearly, but you are right; she enjoys the company of other men far more often than she enjoys the company of my father. But who can blame her for that? For as long as I have been alive, he has lived in the city. Of course their love is strained. And he is not faithful to her, either. Your sister is not the first he has courted.
What? I asked, and I turned over to look at him.
Mind you, He added, because he could see that I was very disturbed by that, She is the first with whom he has been so enthralled. When I can glimpse into his heart, which is rare, I can see how deeply he desires her. It is absolutely disgusting, to see such a thing in your father. He actually shivered and pulled a face as he thought about it, and I giggled. But sometimes, I cant help it. When he is not paying attention, and I read his heart, I can see her there. She is his one weakness, Violet. She is the one thing he does not completely understand.
Well, I shouldnt tell her that. That will boost her ego to ridiculous proportions, and it will never go back to normal size.
But she does not love him?
She does. But no, she only loves James romantically. And you said that your dad doesnt love her that way, anyway.
No. But she is constantly in his heart. The same way that Nick is always in yours. Even now, he is there. Do you love him?
Caspar, just because we are getting high together doesnt mean we have to get personal. I said, because discussing Nick with him seemed so wrong. But I was giggling, feeling so light and free, so able to talk to him about anything. So before he could even respond, I answered his question.
Of course I love him. Weve been together for over a year. Hes my first, in so many respects. That sounds so girly and lame to say, but its true. Plus, at this point, I am so used to him. Hes been a constant in my life since like, a day after we came here. We both have had rough times in the past, even though we dont talk about them.
You do not discuss the hardships you have overcome?
I took an inhalation of the cigarette when he passed it to me, still staring up at the sky. I thought about it, and I realized that besides telling me that he and his parents had never gotten along, and that he was not all that sad that they were dead, we had never really discussed much of his past. I didnt know why they didnt get along. I didnt know if he lived with them on Earth. I didnt know if it was him who had the vision that the world was ending or them. I didnt know anything, really.
No. I said, Ive talked about myself plenty, but I think thats because he knows most of my family. If you know Brynna, you have to know how she came to be the way she is now. In order for him to know that, I had to tell him the whole grim ordeal. I looked at him, Did Brynna tell your dad those things?
Yes. I do not know them, because unlike your sister, I do not have the power of All-Knowing. But in his heart, I see his acknowledgment of her trust in him. That trust, I believe, can only be the result of her having told him her secrets. But we were talking about you.
I dont want to talk about me. Tell me about you.
I have told you much about me.
Tell me some more stuff. Whats it like being prince of Pangaea? Sorry, Purissimus! Purissimus. Whats it like being prince of Purissimus?
He laughed softly and shrugged. For a long time, he was silent, a pensive look on his face.
Its alright. He said after a while, and I laughed so hard that I pulled my knees to my chest and grasped my stomach, my body rolling slightly from side to side.
Thats it? I asked him, Come on, youre royalty! Youre rich, and your father is the most powerful man on this entire planet. No monarchy on Earth was in charge of the entire planet.
My father is in charge of the entire Orb, but there are several who fight against his power. It is my job to fight for his power, because I am his son. When Idan comes of age, Idan will fight, too. If my father ever dies, which I do not suspect will ever happen, I will become King. This is a possibility for which I have been prepared by my mother, who, honestly, would love nothing more than to see me take the throne from my father if it were not for the fact that she would no longer be the Third Queen.
The Third Queen? How is she Third Queen if I trailed off, and my heart plummeted again, Oh my God, he has other wives, doesnt he?
Had other wives. I said, My mother is his second wife, but she is the third Queen.
How does that work? Was Adams mother the first queen, or something? Thats kind of weird
No. He said, The First Queen has not been crowned yet.
What? I asked, and I was so confused that I was beginning to feel agitated. That had to have been the result of the drugs, because I never became so flustered by own inability to comprehend as I was then.
The First Queen has not been crowned. Would you like to hear the story of this? I will tell it you. There is no greater delight than hearing stories whilst under the spell of the Black Beauties.
I would love nothing more than to hear your story. Let it commence.
Alright. Commence it, I shall, my darling.
I giggled, covering my mouth because the sound was so girlish and awkward. He reached and gently moved my hand from my mouth, and the physical contact with him startled me in a not all-unpleasant way. 
Do not cover your mouth. I like that sound. He told me, smiling blissfully.
I found myself giggling harder at how easily he could be charming and debonair. He was his fathers son through and through, and nothing on Earth or Pangaea had ever been so funny. 
Tell me the story before I asphyxiate from laughing too hard. It can happen! I read it in one of my books for school last week!
I would never allow such a thing to happen to you. But alas, I will tell you my story.
Okay. My laughter died away, and I turned on my side so I could look at him.
Everything I am about to tell you was spoken in a prophecy that was made to my father by the last of the Athenes, on her death bed. The Athenes were eradicated two thousand years ago, and none have been born since. Your sister is the first and only of her kind.
And thats why your dad sought her out. Thats why he wanted James to turn her over to him.
Yes. My father took a far more diplomatic approach at the beginning of his and Tyres war. He traveled far and wide to find them all, to bring them to Lumiere, which was still being built. He knew that if he stood any chance against Tyre and the utterly lethal weapons he had made, he would need the Athenes to tell him when the attacks would come. They were a strong race, a brutal race. They had to be; Seeing and Knowing all things takes the most costly of tolls on the mind and body, and the only way to survive was to band together for support against the enemies without and the enemies within.
The enemies within?
Yes. Within themselves. Athenes couldcanvery easily lose their grip on what is real and what is not. What is of this world, or some other; what is in the After-Realm, what is in the Darkness, or the Light If they do not know how to quiet the thoughts of others, they are under constant assault from the innermost desires, torments, terrors, and sicknesses of all those around them. Because they can enter minds, they can enter hearts, because the mind gives the heart its power. It is very easyalmost frighteningly easyfor them to completely lose their minds. But my father was able to convince them to align with him, and Tyre, who views their power as the darkest of sorcery, because it is a treacherous and despicable creature who so willingly enters the mind of others, who can predict the events that the One God has not let come to pass yet, wanted them dead. And he succeeded. The last of the Athenes was a young girl, around Brynnas age. As she died, my father held her in his arms, because she said she had a Vision for the King. And that, Violet, is when the Vision of the First Queen became known to my father.
But who is she? Is she an Athene like Brynna? Is she even alive? According to this prophecy, I mean.
There are many who believe that she is among us, and there are many who believe that she has yet to come. We know not who or where she is. But whomever or wherever she may be, she will complete my father, and their child will be more powerful than any man or woman who has ever lived, for he or she will be bestowed with all four gifts of the Four-Armed God. 
So she has to be an Athene, because thats the only power your dad doesnt have. Right?
That is his theory. But there are some who believe that it does not matter if the mother of his child is an Athene or not. Some believe that it will not even be under his reign, and therefore it will not be his child that ushers in the age of the First Queen. Some believe that my father simply is not the First King of Purissimus.
What do you believe?
I believe he is the First King. I remain unconvinced that the First Queen is among us already. But it does not matter what I think, Violet. My father believes that the First Queen is amongst us, and he will do everything in his power to have her for his own. He will do anything to have Brynna.
Because he thinks that if they have a baby, the baby will reign over Pangaea. Sorry, Purissimus.
The prophecy alludes to a shining new age here on Purissimus, in which a benevolent Ruler will usher in peace and prosperity for all those who survive the darkness. This ruler will be the result of the union between the First King and the First Queen. Who is born from the union of First King and Queen will cradle us all; who is born from this union will bear this world upon the shoulders, upon the back, but no pain will be, for the strength of this One is unmatched, undefeatable. Only peace and prosperity will thrive under this rule; only Light will Reign.
I had been so enthralled by his story that I barely noticed he had stopped speaking. The details of it were so dense and complicated that I was lost in contemplating them. What if Brynna really was the First Queen? Even if she was not, I would hopefully be around when that shining new age came to be on Purissimus, and the feeling that took hold of my heart at the thought of it left me smiling, lying back on the grass, staring up at the darkened sky, at the stars twinkling in that dark expanse, and I laughed. Caspar laid down beside me and stared up at the sky, too.
Can you feel it? I asked him, because I knew with certainty that the feeling in my heart was contagious.
Yes.
That will be perfect, after all of this. That will be like Heaven.
Yes, it will.
So bring on the First Queen.
***

When I awoke the next morning, the sun was shining cheerfully through my window. I turned over in my bed, smiling at the memories I could only vaguely recall from the night before. The details of what happened before and after Caspars story were lost on me, but that tale stuck with me. I squinted in the light, rubbing my eyes, thinking about Caspar more than I should have been. I loved the time we spent together. I loved how we could talk well into the night, how we were so comfortable forfeiting control of ourselves that we could sit and smoke Black Beauties together without fear of the darkness they brought. Of course, that darkness was so peaceful and so beautiful; the only light in it came from stars. The Pangaean sun was dazzling, but the Pangaean stars had no beauty equivalent. They were tucked away for the night, and the sun had taken their place, but
My eyes shot open, and I sat up, my heart having plummeted out of my chest. It was far past dawn; in fact, it was closer to midday. My classes began before dawn, and my hands-on medical training began at midday. 
Shit! I exclaimed, and I threw myself out of bed and began scrambling about, searching for my black pants, my button-up shirt, and my lab-coat. I found the first two, but the third was nowhere to be found. 
Shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit! I screamed as I ran all through the house, trying to remember where I had taken it off the night before. Because I was running around frantically, and because I was still so drowsy from having just awoken a few minutes earlier, I could not focus my thinking into trying to remember, so I stopped, closed my eyes, and tried to think. 
I had come home, eaten dinner, argued with Brynna about letting James come home, folded the clean laundry that was out on the line in the backyard after she ordered me to do so, and then I spent the rest of the night at Nicks, until I came back at ten to go to bed, but really so I could sneak out with Caspar. But when had I taken off my lab-coat? Surely before I ate dinner. I had sewn up sutures that day, and there had been blood on the sleeve Blood on the sleeve! Laundry!
I had thrown it into the sink, and Brynna had said she would wash it in morning before she took Penny to school and went to work. But had she hung it up to dry?
Sure enough, there it was, out on the line in the backyard. Instead of taking my time to run down the stairs, I hopped over the railing, landing gracefully, with very little impact, on the hard ground. One of the coolest parts of Pangaean evolution was the ability to jump from high places and barely feel the impact, let alone be damaged by it. 
I was pulling on the sleeves of the lab-coat as I ran up the stairs and into the house. As I ran out of the door and locked it, I hurried to the coffee vendor outside of the university, got a cup, and then speed-walked the rest of the way to the infirmary, drinking the coffee as quickly as my desire not to get third degree burns in my mouth would allow. When I came barging through the door, all of the Pangaean doctors and all of my classmates turned to me.
I am so sorry. I said, and I wondered if I should give an excuse, though I was out all night with the Kings son, but we didnt do anything. Well, nothing except get high on Black Beauty and talk about prophecies would not necessarily lessen their obvious irritation. 
Ms. Olivier, you were not in your class this morning. The head Medice, Dr. Miletus, told me, and her disapproval and disappointment was plain. Have you begun a new beauty regiment that requires sleeping until noontide? If so, you might want to consider a change of employment.
No. I am so sorry, I was up late last night studying for the test in two days, and my sister is still really sick, and she wont take Tonics unless you pour them down her throat, and
Though I admire your determination to help your sister, your compassionate nature that yielded such determination, and your intellectual perseverance in staying up well into the night to study for a test that was actually two days ago, I require attendance at all lectures and timely arrival at Training as soon as your midday rest concludes. This is the third time that you have been late, and the sixth time you have been absent. Ms. Olivier, I would like for you to leave today, and come see me tomorrow in my office. Is that understood?
Oh, shit. Oh, shit. Oh, shit, shit, shit.
Yes. I said, and I turned away, because tears were welling in my eyes. I was so embarrassed, and I was so angry at myself for being so lazy. I had only started training two and a half months earlier, and I had missed six days of work total, and been late to three others. I dont know how I hadnt realized that my absences and tardy arrivals were stacking up, but I hadnt realized it. Some days, after spending all night with Caspar, I had just been unable to get up in the morning, but after being warned that if I kept missing classes, I would be expelled from the program, I had taken to showing up late. Dr. Miletus, with whom I had had a contentious relationship since I first entered the training program, had steadily grown more irritated, but she had never told me to leave. I had never been to her office before. Like a little kid who had gotten sent to the principals office, I walked, my heart heavy, my eyes full of tears, to where Nick was working in the field. He wasnt there, so I went looking for Allie and Quinn at the gym where the army training was underway.
Theyre with Augustus today, so they wont be out until at least the fourth chime.
It hadnt even passed one o clock yet, and I just wanted to cry harder, because I had no one to complain about my troubles with. 
Is James here?
Yeah, but hes training, too.
No, Im not. James came around the corner, wiping his sweat off on a towel that he then threw over his shoulder. Smoke break. Ill be back in ten minutes. He came outside, and immediately, I broke down into tears and threw my arms around his grossly sweaty midsection.
Hey He said softly, running his hand down the back of my hair, What happened, baby? Is everything okay?
I am such a fucking fuck-up, James!
What? He asked, You are not a fuck-up. You could never be a fuck-up. What are you talking about, sweetheart? Tell me what happened. Did something happen in school today?
No, nothing happened at school. Nothing happened, because I wasnt allowed to go.
And I told him everything. I told him about how I had been sneaking out with Caspar and how I had been late to or absent from my classes and was probably going to be kicked out of the Medical program before the day was over. At a few points in my tale of self-inflicted woe, I cried so hard that he had to gently tell me to take deep breaths. 
And now you and Brynn are going to be so disappointed, because I was doing so well, and now Im not, all because I was being so stupid, James.
Youre right. He said, and I looked up at him, horrified that he had just confirmed my fear. You were being stupid. But neither Brynn nor I could ever be disappointed in you, Vi. Not unless you decided you wanted to change from Medical to Comfort Services, in which case, I would find a nunnery on this damn planet and send you there promptly
I laughed at that, and he smiled, too, as he grasped my hand.
When you go to your meeting today, you need to tell Dr. Miletus that youre going to get your act together. Youre going to be there every day. Youll stay there all night long, if thats what you have to do to make up the work. Are you willing to do that?
I nodded.
I just have to tell Caspar
No. You dont have to tell Caspar anything. Caspar needs to leave you alone, Violet.
James, I said, Dont hate on him because hes Adams son. Hes a good guy. We have fun together, and
You have fun together? You get high together, Violet. Experimentation is fine, especially here, because as far as I know, nothing youve been doing is deadly. Its not like youre sitting around eating Peace Fruit all night and having a really bad experience the following morning like I did. And while I think this is still just experimentation and nothing more dangerous than that, it is interfering with your work. It is getting in the way of you achieving the one thing you told me and Brynn that you wanted to do more than anything else in the world. It has to stop.
But we just sit and talk, and
And you cant do that without the drugs?
Of course we
I stopped, because I was unsure if we could or if we could not. Was I so honest with him because I was comfortable with him knowing everything about me, or was I telling him all of those deep, dark secrets because I was high? Was that feeling of comfort that I felt with him the result of the drugs?
I dont know what to do, James.
Do everything I just said, and unless you do get kicked out of the program today, do not, for the love of all that is good and holy in this world, tell your sister about this. If she finds out that you are sneaking out with Caspar and smoking Black Beauties until two in the morning, she is going to spontaneously combust. Or she will make you spontaneously combust. Okay?
Trust me, I wont be telling her any of this, and unless I give her a reason to suspect that something is up, she wont go into my mind.
Alright. Come get me if she finds out and gets out of hand.
I will.
Before I left, I hugged him again, keeping my arms around his neck for a long time.
Youre the best pseudo-dad in the entire world. I wish she would let you come home.
For a long time, he didnt say anything. But then, he kissed my head and rubbed my back.
Thanks, baby. You and Penny are the best pseudo-daughters in the world. Even though there is no pseudo, except in the biological sense.
Yeah. I said, and I smiled as I realized that he was right. Theres no pseudo with you either, unless its in the biological sense.
Good. Now go to bed without supper, and no TV for a week, and you now have to clean the entire house from top to bottom, and blah-blah-blah. Most importantly, go to that meeting today, and ask for another chance. If youre humble, and truly apologetic, theres no way she can say no. Okay?
I nodded.
Okay.
***

Miletus is well-known for being an old witch, Violet. Caspar informed me as he walked with me towards her office. She is feared far and wide because not only does she reprimand her charges publicly, with no concern about humiliating them, but she is also well known for not giving second chances. My mother loathes her. My father is indifferent towards her. Well, he appointed her to her position, so he believes in her abilities as a doctor, and I suppose her likes her, but my mother cannot stand the sight of her.
I deserve what she did to me, Caspar. Ive been slacking off majorly here.
Slacking off? He asked, and I smiled slightly.
I have been being lazy. Look, I turned to him and grasped his hand, I cant sneak out with you anymore. I have to start being more responsible. Don says that everyone has to work, and this is the only job that I could ever want to do. Having to get up before the sun comes up every day and go home long after it sets is tough, but I want to do it, because I dont want anything else but to be a doctor. Im sorry. Ive had such an awesome time hanging out with you, and we can still hang out, but only in the daytime and other than that, only before Free Days. I just need to start being more responsible, Caspar. Like I was, before
Before what? He asked coldly, Before you met me? Am I responsible for your downfall?
No. Thats not what I said.
Then what is it?
Before I started getting high every night and staying out until the third chime. Thats all I mean.
You did not enjoy our time together. Otherwise, you would not be able to give it up so easily.
What? That has nothing to do with this! It isnt easy for me. I loved hanging out with you and talking to you, but
But you will stop now all because some old bitch snapped her jaws at you. He stopped, took a breath, and then reached out to gently take my hand. I am sorry. It is just that I enjoyed our discussions very much. I feel like I can talk to you when I can talk to so few others.
I know. I said, relieved that his anger had dissipated. We can still do that, just not when I have school in the morning. If Miletus gives me another chance, I am going to do everything I can to make it up to her.
He smiled, almost knowingly, almost like he was seeing something I could not see. It was as though he knew something that was about to come to pass. There was nothing mischievous in the smile, and there was only light in his eyes, no malice. His grip on my hand was light, and his thumb stroked the back of it slowly. After a moment, his eyes met mine, and he lowered his voice slightly.
How about if I make you a deal, Violet? 
I smiled and furrowed my brows, mildly confused about what he was up to but entertained.
If you come to me, and you are this calm at the end of your meeting with her, we will put this issue to bed for good. But if you do not, you will allow me to resolve the situation in whatever way I see fit, and I may request your aid in that resolution. If that latter circumstance occurs, though, I believe that you will be more than willing to help me. What do you say?
I smiled slightly and tucked my hair behind my ear. There was absolutely nothing malicious about his demeanor now or even the proposition he was making, though there certainly was mischief. If I left and felt differently as he had suggested I would, we would more than likely just play some harmless prank on Miletus, and though it would be childish to do it, I knew that I would want to do it. Never once did I believe it would escalate past a prank. Never once did I think I would enjoy it if it did. But then, I had not yet had the meeting. I could not have predicted how it would have gone.
When I entered her office, she rose from her chair, looking almost as regal and queenly as Janna always did, except she had colors in her wardrobe besides black; she was wearing a white doctors jacket, brown dress pants, and a red shirt. 
Ms. Olivier. She said, and she gestured to the chair in front of her desk. I sat down, and she followed suit. 
Dr. Miletus, I want to start off by saying that I am so sorry, and
Yes. She said, without a hint of any discernible emotion in her voice, You all generally are when you are brought in to my office.
I am going to do better. I promise. I swear to you that I am going to get my act together. I just I compulsively pushed my hair behind my ears and cleared my throat, I have been doing things that I shouldnt be doing, but I wont be doing those things anymore. 
What kinds of things? She asked, and her voice was not gentle, nor was it harsh. Still, she was showing no sympathy. My eyes rose to meet her genuinely disarming gaze. Her dark red hair that I knew had to have hung to her tailbone was pulled firmly back, twisted around, and pinned at the back of her head. If it were not so austere and tight, I would say it was the hairstyle of a barista or of some other artsy variety. If she had a pen sticking out of it, I would not have been surprised. But her hair was pulled so tightly back, her face was so expressionless, her stare was so penetrating, and every part of that polished and intimidating appearance told me that there was nothing I could say. I was speaking to a woman who was meticulous in every aspect of her lifeappearance, career, volunteer work, and more than likely home-life. Her daughter was around my age, and she was known to be a reclusive bookworm throughout the village. Caspar said that she had three friends, maybe, and that though boys tried to approach her, she always rebuffed them. 
Her mothers prickly personality had rubbed off on her.
There is nothing I can say, is there? I asked, and she leaned back in her chair, her eyes still stuck on me, never leaving, not for a second. Silence fell between us, and while we were engulfed in that silence, my palms began to sweat and my heart began to race; I began to suffer a panic attack for the first time since our first night on Pangaea.
Ms. Olivier, I have worked on Medical for nearly two hundred years, did you know that? I have been Head Medice for half of that time.
Whoa I thought, and honestly, I really was impressed. I could not imagine doing the same thing every day for two centuries, but then, one of the reasons why I loved Medical was that every day was unpredictable; I never knew when I went in for Training what new health maladies I would encounter, what joys I would excitedly recount to my family, what tragedies I would cry about later. So maybe I could imagine being on Medical for two centuries like Dr. Miletus had been.
I have trained thousands of people, young and old, over my time in this position, and never once, Ms. Olivier, has someone disappointed me as much as you have over these past three months.
It would have been better if she had just sucker-punched me right in the gut. At least the physical pain would have distracted away from my shame, my embarrassment, and my disappointment in myself. And of course, writhing from the force of a physical blow would have erased my nagging fear of having to tell Brynna, and James, and Nick, and the rest of them, that I had failed, that I would never do the only job I could foresee myself being happy doing for all of eternity. 
You began so strongly. You were ahead of every other student in both your studies and your hands-on experience. I truly thought that I would be able to advance you through the program more quickly. But then you stopped coming to classes. When you chose to grace us with your presence, it was only in the afternoon. There is no cap for my tolerance of such matters, because there is no tolerance at all; I do not tolerate absences and tardiness. I do not wait for my students to deign to come to classes. Do you think that when people get sick, or are hurt, or worse, are dying, that they will wait for Dr. Violet Olivier to deign to arrive? Do you think your excuses, all of which are almost pathetically transparent, mind you, would pacify a family who has lost a loved one because you could not arrive punctually to the Infirmary to operate?
I was silent, feeling tears in my eyes but also, a growing anger in my heart. She was being unnecessarily cruel. She could have just told me that I was out, and there was nothing I could say, but instead, she was choosing to lecture me and demean me with her stupid rhetorical questions. I could say that I was lazy, and irresponsible, and stupid for all that I had done, but for her to insinuate it was genuinely infuriating to me. It was my pride, I knew. And it was my expectations being dashed; I had thought that she would accept my apology and allow me to prove to her that I would be better.
I think it is readily obvious to you that you need not come to any more classes or to Training. Your time on Medical has reached its end. Thank you so much for your interest, and I wish you the best of luck in whatever career you feel best suits you.
This is the career that best suits me! My voice broke, and tears fell from my eyes. Still, she did not look away; still, her face showed no expression.
No, Ms. Olivier, it is not.
It is! I snapped at her, Am I seriously the only one who has ever been late? Who has ever missed class? Who has ever messed around and screwed up?
She looked at me for a long moment, her lips pursed now, her eyes starting to show impatience. She was a busy woman, and I was taking up her time. She was also an emotionless shrew, and my tears were aggravating to her.
You are not the first, and you will not be the last. All those before you who behaved as you have were also asked to leave Medical, and all those after you will be asked to do the same.
Can you not see by how upset I am right now that I want this more than anything? I asked, crying harder now. I was crying so hard that I was barely able to breathe. She took her eyes off of me only so she could find the box of tissues on her desk and push it in my direction. I did not take one, but instead, continued to wipe my many tears with my hands. You dont understand; this is the only thing that I wanted to do! Its the only thing I want to do, Dr. Miletus. I promise Ill come to every class. I promise I will do even better in Training. Just give me one more chance! Please! Im begging you! Just give me one more chance! Dr. Miletus, please!
Violet, I am sorry. You must understand that if I make an exception for you, I will have to make an exception for everyone. Also, think of your sister; if I give you an exception, it could spell disaster for her. Her detractors will think that either she threatened me or that she convinced me through bribery or other such means. I am known far and wide for being utterly unyielding on this, and if I make an exception for you, fingers will point at her.
Oh, so youre protecting her now? I asked bitterly, and now, my rage was drying my tears. You are not going to be so supportive of her when I tell her that I sat in this office, and cried, and begged, and you just sat there obviously feeling nothing! She is going to come in here and destroy you! She is going to have Adam destroy you! You think Adam will protect you because he put you in power? He loves my sister, and if she tells him to throw you out of your job, he will! You want to talk about people pointing fingers?! She will turn everyone against you for this! Because she protects me! And she knows that this is all I wanted in the entire world!
I had threatened her, and my rage was evident. Obviously, I would have to be enraged to openly threaten her. But still, she did not falter. In fact, she looked somewhat bored, as though she had heard it all before. But behind all of that boredom, there was condescending pity; she knew something that I did not know, or she thought she did. When she spoke, she showed me exactly what that something was.
You seem to underestimate your sisters expectations of you. You think that she will take up arms on your behalf when your undoing is your own doing, Violet. As far as King Adam goes, I doubt not that his attachment to your sister makes him open to her suggestion. But he and I have known one another for nearly a millennium, and I do not foresee him throwing away our professional relationship or my many years of service for you. Please, lower your expectations before you get hurt. Now, this conversation is over. We have said all that needs to be said. I ask now that you leave before you say more things that you will regret later.
I slammed my fist on her desk, stood up, and looked into her calm, icy gaze with my eyes that were scorching red. 
The only one who is going to be regretting anything is you. I highly recommend you watch your back.
And on that dramatic note, I stormed from the room.
I found Caspar walking towards the Gym with a few of his friends. Quickly, I grabbed his arm and pulled him into one of the alleys. Concern came over him instantaneously as he reached up to wipe the tears from my eyes, but I spoke before he could say anything.
Lets do it. I whispered fiercely.
His concern disappeared. That mischievous glint came over his eyes, and he smiled. A pang of foreboding went through my heart, but I shushed it. In response to his smile, I smiled, too.

Brynna

Months had passed since I had kicked James out, and Tony and Toms wedding became the most popular talk of the town after the topic of my breakup became old news. People still whispered about it when they saw me, but that rude gossiping occurred less frequently than it had in the earlier days of our separation.
One day, we ran into Savannah, her children, and two other mothers and their children. I had been gently trying to prod my very stubborn younger sister into a long pink dress from the seamstress in town. And the younger sister I am referring to is not Penny.
Allie, would you please tell her that I look like a future member of Spinsters of Pangaea?
Brynn, she looks like a future member of Spinsters of Pangaea.
May I tell you that spinsters would more than likely not belong to an association in which a membership is required? Spinsters are spinsters because they are alone. Being a member of a club would defeat the purpose; they would no longer be spinsters.
No, I just look like Im never going to get married. Thats what a spinster is.
I do apologize, do you want to get married? I asked, raising my eyebrows at her.
Of course not. You know what I mean.
When you say spinster, I picture Miss. Havisham. Just be thankful you are not wearing the moth-eaten, dusty wedding dress you were wearing the day your groom took flight on you.
Oh, God, if the wedding dress had been pink, I would look like her right now! Violet protested.
This dress is far better than the one you picked out. I am sorry, you might legally be eighteen by old world time, but in my mind, you are still a dear sweet twelve year old who insisted on wearing Minnie Mouse ears to bed and your Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles costume to Moms formal affairs.
Did you pack my Michelangelo costume, and you didnt tell me? She asked, and her eagerness sounded so genuine that I could not suppress my laughter. 
Did you bring a Donatello costume for me? Oh! Can we make Quinn be April?!
I actually had to grasp my stomach because I was laughing so hard at the thought of that.
Ha-ha. We heard Quinn say from the next room over. Punk.
April, maybe you can get a job with my dad! Violet called to him. He could probably use a plucky young reporter like you for his channel.
They roared with laughter.
Excuse you, April was originally a computer programmer. So get it straight, fools.
Violet, I do not care which dress you buy, as long as it is not the first one you picked out. I told them, Now excuse me while I go hunt down Princess Penelope.
Can I wear this one? Violet pulled a dress from one of the racks, and I saw that it was see-through fishnet with long sleeves, and that the length of it would maybe come down past her butt. Maybe.
Oh, of course. I replied, You both really are punks, arent you?
It was when I turned around to continue walking that I ran into Savannah. Literally, ran into her. We both exclaimed in surprise and dropped down to gather up the dresses that Savannah had been returning to the racks.
Im sorry, I I first saw her long dark hair, and then I saw her aged white hands with the gleaming gold wedding band still on the left finger. The bruises around her wrists were fading, and she was keeping them covered by the long sleeves of her green shirt, but still, I had seen them, and knew for sure that it was her.
Oh. Its you. I said.
You sound so disappointed. She told me with a smile that was not cold or devious. She really did seem happy to see me, for whatever reason.
I am not disappointed. I am I suppose I am ambivalent.
Are you?
Not ambivalent, no. I was saying that to be nice, I suppose. I am rather apathetic, if you must know. How are you? I asked as I handed her the dresses back.
Are you apathetic about that, too? Ill answer honestly whether youre apathetic or not.
I am not apathetic. Are you still in need of the pain-killing tonics?
No, not so much. I cant believe how long it has taken me to heal from She stopped, and her eyes darkened, but she quickly resurfaced. Of course, I could use a pain-killing tonic right now. Ellie has given me a killer migraine. All the dresses are too long that I pick out. Or they make her look like a ten year old. I dont think she realizes that she was ten only three years ago.
I am having the same problem with Violet, believe it or not. Everything I pick out is too spinster-like.
Savannah chuckled at that, her cheekbones emphasized perfectly and her cheeks flushing a rosy color. Besides my mother, I had never seen such an attractive middle-aged woman. Rachel had been very attractive, at least in my view, but she had only just been pushing into middle-age, so I did not include her in the same category as my mother and Savannah. In regards to the latter of those two, I had no idea why I even noticed her physical attractiveness. Perhaps it was because like so many other things, it was yet another attribute of hers that reminded me of my mother. 
I would rather her look like a spinster than a stripper, I continued, But apparently, the young ones these days covet that late night gentlemens club look. I am sure that they will want to style their hair in the just-rolled-out-of-bed-with-a-high-paying-client style next.
She laughed again, this time covering her mouth to stifle the sound.
Yes. I am disturbed by that image, but youre right. God, we have our hands full, dont we?
We do. I replied, knowing that she was trying to establish common ground with me in an effort to break down my defenses. Many professionals in the mental health field had tried that tactic with me before. Oh, you like chicken quesadillas with pico de gallo and extra guacamole? Me too! It was all so pathetically transparent.
I have been meaning to come see you, but I wasnt sure when the right time would be. After you got attacked in the woods, I didnt want to bother you, because I knew you were recovering. How are you feeling now, Brynna?
Her smile was gone, and she was all seriousness and concern. The sight of that seriousness and concern in her eyes boggled me; how she could care so deeply about me, or pretend to care so efficiently, I did not know, but I had a distinct feeling her ability to do both was a trick of her trade.
I am fine. I am feeling chipper, and healthy, and all is right with the world. It is my oyster, actually. The world, I mean. My eyes met hers after spending nearly the entire duration of time our conversation had been going on looking for something else to focus on. When I saw that the concern in her eyes had not weakened, and that her mind was calling bull excrement on me, as they say, I snapped somewhat more defensively than I intended, Im fine! before turning to continue my search for Penny, though I could see her holding Oliver in the front window of the shop.
Savannahs hand reached out and touched my shoulder, and I flinched away as though her touch had inflicted a mortal wound.
Its okay. She assured me delicately. Brynna, Id really like to talk to you. Rather, Id really like for you to talk to me. Rumors travel quickly around here, and Ive heard about you and James. Im sorry about that.
Oh, are you? And you are just now hearing about this?
No, I heard about it when it first happened
I suppose I should thank you for your sympathy, but I just do not see why you should be apologizing when it is not your fault. Unless, of course, he slept with you, too.
No! She said, betraying her great shock that I would think such a thing.
I was kidding. Goodness, do not keel over. While you are significantly lighter than Adam, I am sure, I have had my fill for a lifetime of carrying injured and/or sick people to the infirmary, thank you so much.
Brynna She grasped my hand. You know where I live. Come see me. Please? I know you dont owe me anything, but I can help you
I snatched my hand from her grasp and backed away a step, my eyes blazing. Immediately, I was infuriated. There was no gradual climb from aggravation to anger to complete outrage. There was only outrage.
And what makes you think that I need your help? I have been surviving on my own these past couple of months perfectly well, thank you so much, and I will thank you again if you remember that though you might have been a psychologist or a psychiatrist or whatever on Earth, you are not one here! And I will also remind you that on Earth, I felt nothing but the deepest contempt for all those in your profession, with your needling and prying and your willful sharing of all that was needled and pried out of your victims, or excuse me, I do apologize, your patients. Goodness, that must have been a Freudian slip. But you would know all about those, wouldnt you?
Brynna, you are far too intelligent to be unaware of the rule against divulging what patients tell us. Doctor-patient confidentiality
is hokum. It is a wonderful concept advertised widely as truth but is in reality a nave, shallow, bold-faced lie! It is like communism. Actually, that is an insult to communism, to compare it to the field of psychiatrics. Now, I am sorry if this whole rousing speech has made you question a few things. In fact, I am even sorrier if it did not make you question things. I would appreciate it very much if you would stop insinuating that I need some sort of hail-Mary intervention from a savior such as yourself. I am doing just fine on my own, as I have for most of my life. Have a wonderful day, Dr. Savannah.
I stormed away from her, hearing her thoughts as I walked away. All she wanted was to help me. She was not upset at my outburst. Her feelings were not hurt. In her mind, I saw only the deepest desire to help me in relieving some of my stored up pain. 
Yes. I knew that I had enough pain stored up that if it were raw energy, I could run our entire village for at least five years. I was using it as energy; it was the reason I could not sleep at night. It was the reason I wanted to break down into tears so often. It was the reason why any perceived insult or insinuation that I was unwell (though the two are rather synonymous) led me to promptly and mercilessly rip into the one doing the insulting and insinuating. Everything was so bottled and compressed inside of me, and every so often, when I was alone in the house, when inertia set in, and I had nothing to distract mewhen I reached over and felt Jamess side of the bed, when I remembered what had happened out in the woods with Adam, when I looked at the bruises and cuts from that time that were fading and the cuts on my back that were still so glaring and raw from my fight with the trebestiathat aggressively growing, compressed bubble would be punctured slightly, and I would react with rage or tears. 
I just needed to release all of those thoughts to someone, but I was too proud to speak my feelings out loud. I would never allow myself to tell anyone; I would certainly not tell Violet, who would see me differently if she knew how weakened I was by the actions of others; nor would I tell Rachel, who was my very best friend but with whom I was not yet comfortable divulging such accounts of my vulnerability; and I certainly would not say a word to Savannah, the woman who wanted to save me. I did not need to be saved. I did not need anyones help.
That is what I told myself there in the store, anyway. But later that night, after I had put Penny to bed, I banged on her door, forgoing the typical greetings and general courtesy when I pushed my way inside and plopped down onto her couch.
It was Elijah.
Your brother. She said, snapping into business mode even though she was wearing a robe and her pajamas. I could picture her in a business suit, her hair pulled up in a bun, dark-rimmed glasses on her nose, scribbling on her notepad while some poor soul rambled to her all his secrets while lying on an expensive leather couch. 
My brother. He pushed me. Into the woods. It was him.
She tried not to convey emotion. But that was too much for her. She covered her mouth and leaned forward.
Why would he do that, Brynna? Tell me everything.
He was so angry that James and I had reconciled. He said that I was going against everything I ever believed and that James was making me do it. I told him that that was ridiculous, and our argument grew more and more heated, and then he said that he wished he had let my father I stopped, running my fingers through my hair. I bit my lip, craving nicotine as severely as I had during the height of my smoking addiction despite the fact that I had only been smoking again for a few months. 
You can smoke in here. The windows are open, and theres a breeze. Go ahead. She urged me gently, and I did not ask if she was sure. I simply lit up a cigarette, inhaled, exhaled, and started talking again.
He said he wished he had not saved me from the ship. He wished he had let my father kill me, or trade me with Adam. Now, I became privy to the fact that he and Janna, the leader of this village, were having some sort of flirtation. Apparently, Miss. Adams wife gets around. In his mind, I saw her, but I shut off the feed because he is my brother, and I did not want to see that. I told him that Janna would never love him, that she was using him to get back at me. Of course, this is long before I knew that Janna was on a rampage of revenge, if you will pardon the alliteration.
I will.
She had sex with James, and I blame both of them equally for that, and I dont believe that she has had sex and is still having sex with Elijah, but if she is not, she will be soon. He did not push me into the woods on behalf of her, or on behalf of some sexual relationship. He could never do something like that to me on behalf of a woman he barely knows.
But he could do something like that on behalf of his hatred of James?
Maybe. He was furious, Savannah. I said, as my mind fell backwards to relive all the shouted insults. He just kept saying, How stupid can you be? How stupid are you? over and over again. How many times does he have to stab you in the back like this? When are you going to get it through your head? Thats when he said that he wished he had just let Dad do it. At least then I would have known that there was nothing I could have done. Hes been hell-bent on it for years, hasnt he? With this asshole, I can stop it, but you just wont listen! It doesnt make any sense really. And Janna being in his mind doesnt make any sense, either. Like I said, he wouldnt push me like that on behalf of some woman he just met. Not when he and I have been so close for so many years. I dont even think they have ever had a conversation. Even if they had, even if they were having some sort of relationship, he has to know that she does not and will never love him. She is using him to get back at me the same way she used James.
For what does she feel she needs to have revenge on you?
Because out in the woods, her husband and I grew very close. We were almost executed by the Old Spirits. One of them almost raped me. Rich whipped me with a vine right in front of him
She winced like she had been the one who had been whipped. For a moment, she kept her eyes closed, and then, with a trembling hand, she squeezed the bridge of her nose.
Are you alright?
Yes. She took a deep breath and looked at me. I am sorry for that, Brynna. Continue.
They did the same to you.
She looked at me, her dark eyes deepened by the pain of remembrance.
They do that to everyone up there. Even the men. It is a way to get us to cry and repent for our sins. Everyone cries. Everyone repents.
Except Maura.
Maura is the red-headed woman your father married? Your nanny? I never spoke to her, but she was what they call a tough sell. She would not buy easily the radical ideas they were shoving at us all. How is she? Is she with you?
You dont know? I asked. Maura is gone, Savannah. Don killed her while interrogating her the same way he was interrogating you.
She stood up, her business-like demeanor crumbling. Something I had said had awoken a memory in her. Perhaps it was old, perhaps it was fresh; perhaps she had seen it many times, perhaps it was an instance of Dons cruelty she had not yet relived.
I am sorry. I upset you, I know. But please, please dont start crying. I told her quietly, and in my voice, I heard a genuine plea with which I was unfamiliar. I know that you will make a mountain out of a molehill with this, as they say, but I cannot handle emotions from people to whom I am not close.
No. Im sorry, Brynna. And Im not going to cry. I wouldnt do that to you. Youd never come back to see me. She forced a smile, We were talking about you. Keep going.
Well, Maura is gone, and that is where my troubles began. Because I thought that I forgave her for everything on Earth, but clearly, I do not, or I would not be feeling this weird emptiness that I feel. Its this dull sensation that I used to get on Earth all the time. Its like I looked away from her eyes as I tried for the first time to articulate out loud the feeling that I could not shake. Its like youre taking a pin, and youre jabbing into rubber, and its just bouncing back at you, bouncing back, bouncing back. Obviously, I know rubber doesnt feel pain, but I do. Or Im supposed to. But when I think about Maura, the fact that shes dead, and I didnt do anything to stop it, I just feel that pain bouncing off of me. Its not that its absent from me. Its there, but its just so dull.
That isnt uncommon, Brynna.
Its not?
No.
So I am not turning into a sociopath.
No. She laughed softly. Rarely do people turn into sociopaths, unless drugs are involved, that is.
I am not on drugs.
I know youre not. It is my personal theory, and the theory of many others in my witch practice, She smiled slightly, that people are born with sociopathic tendencies, and environmental factors lead to those tendencies being strengthened, but they are not created out of thin air. Rather, they are not created in the early twenties after a traumatic event, and if they are, the person in her early twenties is unaware of becoming sociopathic, I am sure.
And how do I know that these tendencies havent been dormant inside of me for all of these years? I have always had a hard time feeling things.  I have such an aversion to emotions. I cannot stand to witness them being shown by others. I look down on it. I believe it is a sign of absolute weakness, and that weakness in others makes me angry. It disgusts me. I also cannot stand to feel things myself.
But you do feel them. I have seen your concern for your sisters, James, Adam, and the people around you. I have seen you sympathizing with the problems people bring up during the meetings more than Adam, Don, and Janna combined. I see so much feeling in you, and everyone else does, as well. Unless you are a very talented actress, then all of that is proof that you are not a sociopath.
Really? I asked.
Really. Trust me. Im a doctor.
She grinned, and I actually laughed slightly, feeling much calmer as I extinguished my cigarette.
I am trying to trust you. I am actually allowing myself to do so for the time being, because I feel like I am going to positively burst if I do not tell this to someone. So, if I am allowing myself to share all of this with no thought to the regret and the fury that I will feel towards myself later, I will continue with this: I cannot have sex. It is not just with James. I have been thinking about it in the same terms that I did pre-James. It is shameful and disgusting and requires vulnerability, which makes it all the more disgusting. Im regressing, Savannah.
I waited for her to say something, but she merely gestured for me to continue.
I dont know what else to say. I love him so much, and all of these issues began before he told me what he had done with Janna. I have not really seen much of him since I made him leave. Two months ago, a month after I made him leave, he came over and was drunk, and I let him stay the night in the guest room. And the next morning, he came into my room, and we talked. I told him I forgive him for all the mistakes he has made, and I do, but I have not asked him to move home yet.
Youre just not ready. Even if youve forgiven him, youre not ready to trust him like you did before. You are afraid of him making more mistakes and hurting you all over again.
You are right. I said, But even before that talk, we were having such issues with intimacy. Every time we would get close, I would start to feel my chest tightening and my head spinning, and not in a good way. Even if I kept my eyes open and saw him, I still felt like it was that man who had tried to assault me in the woods.
You know what it is. I can sense that. You know why that is, Brynna. Do you want to tell me, or do you want me to tell you?
If you are going to suggest that I have post-traumatic stress disorder, I am going to scowl most venomously at you.
Then scowl away. Go ahead; Ill wait.
I did not scowl, because the effect of it was lost when she gave me permission to do it. She covered her mouth, smiling to herself, and I cleared my throat awkwardly.
I refuse to accept that what I am experiencing is as simple as anxiety that follows a traumatic event.
Its not just anxiety, Brynna, as you very well know. Its nightmares, flashbacks, mood swings, the shame youve alluded to feeling, trouble sleeping, and in the case of what almost happened to you, the avoidance of intimacy is also very common.
Are you telling me I am textbook?
You are textbook. She replied with an even bigger smile.
But I leaned forward somewhat earnestly. You do not understand. There is no way that all of this can be so so I scrambled for the correct term.
If you are going to say simple, then you and I both know that this is anything but simple. If it were, you wouldnt be here right now, talking to me about it when you talk to so few others about things that are bothering you.
Well, whatever this is
It is Post Traumatic Stress Disorder.
Yes.
You should say it. It will help.
Why?
Because it will be an acknowledgment of what is truly to blame for all of your emotional issues right now, and that acknowledgment will lead to an acceptance, and through that acceptance, you will be able to heal.
Did you just quote a book?
No. She replied with a soft giggle.
That sounded like a quote.
It did, didnt it? Im kind of proud of that one. She told me, now laughing harder. I found myself smiling, too, and not trying to suppress the laugh that soon joined with hers.
Well, this Post Traumatic Stress Disorder has driven my boyfriend away. Well, that, and his own utter stupidity. But part of our problem was that I shut off from him, and I did not mean to, and I fought it repeatedly, but I just could not bring myself to tell him everything I have just told you. Only you, James, and Adam know the extent of it, and I wish that all three of you did not know. I stopped as I realized something. My stars, that is why I have been completely unable to read.
Loss of interest in activities one once found pleasurable.
Fascinating! I am a walking psychological crisis.
And arent we all, after something so terrible happens to us?
I suppose so. Normally, I am an ace at self-diagnosis, what with my ability to observe myself through an objective lens long enough to determine which illness, physical or mental, from which I am suffering. This time, though, I had a feeling that it was PTSD, but I was so convinced that it could not be something like that. Something that has been written about and studied extensively. So, what is the cure Dr. Savannah? Calming tonics? Yoga? Meditation? Lobotomy?
Oh, lobotomy, for sure. She told me, Ill have to go downstairs into the cooler room to get my ice pick, though I do believe its a little dull after I used it on Ellie this morning.
Ellie came out of her room at that moment, squinting in the light. Her hair that she normally kept pinpoint-straight was loose in wild, frizzy curls, and her eyes, normally so alight with that youthful glow I noticed more and more in those younger than me, was replaced by a dull blankness that came with not being fully awake.
Look at her. Do you see? Savannah said, I needed practice, and is that not why we have children? Free guinea pigs.
Exactly.
What are you two doing out here? Ellie asked us.
Talking, honey. Did we wake you up? Savannah asked.
No, I just heard you talking out here. I didnt know who you were talking to.
It is just me. I told her.
Cool. Night, guys.
Ellie went back into her room and closed the door.
Did she end up picking out a dress of which you approve? I asked.
Eh, we came to a very shaky agreement. What about Violet?
No, I threw up my hands eventually, and told her to go naked if she wanted. Of course, she informed me that two people she knows are going in see-through dresses, and I immediately recanted that assertion knowing that if she chose to go naked, she would not face extensive public ridicule. This is the Abba-Adam camp, after all, where judgment is never passed even when it ought to be.
Yes, I have been finding that very interesting. Though, I must say, your passage of the Strike-Rule has been a godsend. People have been saying as much constantly.
You are settling in nicely.
You have a habit of saying things that sound like a question and a statement.
That was a statement. An observation, rather. I looked at her and said sincerely, I am glad.
She smiled again.
I am, too. All three of us are so grateful to you for helping us the way you have.
I gave her a quick wave of the hand and a shrug.
Do not mention it. It was no problem. Besides, you have just repaid me the favor by listening to my rambling insanity.
Its not insanity. Youre not insane. Your reaction to what happened is proof that youre not insane. What you really need more than anything, Brynna, is time. James seems to be giving that to you, but do you really want to be away from him?
For the time being, yes. I do not care if he was angry at me, I do not care if he suspected me of being unfaithful, he was the one who had sex with someone else. I need some time to sort out how that makes me feel. I see him every other day when he comes by to see Penny and Violet. Goodness, this mirrors a divorce more than I ever realized before.
It does.
He is like a weekend parent, except he is there every other day. We are cordial to one another, but he is surprisingly quiet. He does not ask me when he can move back in, so of course, I think that he does not want to move back in. All he ever says is hello and goodbye, and he inquires about my wellbeing, but that is the extent of it. The other day he touched my arm, but it was because he was moving past me to get out the door.
It sounds like he is giving you space. He doesnt want to put any pressure on you to make a decision.
Does that mean that he doesnt care?
No. Of course it doesnt. It means that he is being patient.
Or it means that he has already found someone else. Perhaps it is Janna, though I am sure that Adam would tell me. You should have seen the way he went off when he found out that Janna and James had had sex. And of course, I did not even know about Adam being married I stopped, and sighed heavily, looking up at the ceiling, They are so complicated. I thought it would be easier to date older men. I have only ever been attracted to older men, for whatever reason. Younger guys are simple in their minds, and they are high maintenance, which makes them difficult to deal with. I always thought older men would give me no grief, but these two I will be gray before James, and grayer than Adam, if they have their way.
Yes, your love of older men is the talk of the town, I have discovered.
Yes, I hear what people say. They all chalk it up to Daddy issues. While my father and I certainly do have a relationship so terrible, it is worthy of its own tragic Russian novel, it is certainly not the reason for my attraction to older men. If anything, I feel as though a poor relationship with ones father would lead to resentment of all men that age. No, I feel as though my attraction is the result of knowing my mothers ex-boyfriend, John. Not that I was attracted to him, or anything
I didnt think you meant that. Was he a nice man?
Yes. Very much so. Besides James, Eli, and Adam, he is the only man for whom I have felt the slightest bit of respect, love, and trust. Despite her issues, he stuck by her. He loved her very, very much, and he did not deserve to be treated by her the way he was. They would break up, and get back together, and then, she would begin trying to reach out to me. It is as though she could not hope to overcome our differences without his aid. You are aware of our differences, are you not?
I am. In the Bachum camp, we all had to confess publicly. Needless to say, your fathers confession took quite a while.
I am sure. I sighed heavily, They are truly a strange and rotten bunch, the Old Spirits.
Oh, yes. The slightest violation of their hundred or so rules, and out you go. We found that out the hard way.
I wanted to ask her if she had heard anything during her brief stay there about my mother, whom Paul had sworn was still alive. No word had come from him regarding the continuation of our deal; I had said neither yes nor no, but instead had merely agreed to give him my answer at a later date. Not a day went by that I did not remind myself that there was no way that I would trade Adam for my mother. Rather, I would ask for his assistance in hoodwinking the Old Spirits into giving her up. So, why did I not immediately tell Adam of what Paul had asked of me? Perhaps it was because I knew, even then, that somewhere deep in my heart, I was not so sure that if they presented her to me, if they showed me she was alive, and erased my guilt and regret that I still felt so powerfully, so sickeningly, even a year and several months later, for leaving her behind, I would owe them Adam and Janna; I would give them up willingly.
Or I would simply ignore her the way that she had ignored me for twelve years. I had a new life, where every day at the same time I was looking back and cringing at all I had experienced at the hands of her, my father, and Maura, I was also looking in the present, at the life I had built, and into the future, where that life continued challenged but not deterred from persevering.
Believe me when I say that knowing I could so easily turn my back on her again brought me no joy. In fact, it prodded that genuine fear of my own cruelty. Looking at Savannah, I wanted to continue my completely random, totally new trust of her by telling all that had happened with Paul in the woods. How he had tempted me, how he had said I could have her back, how he had said she cried for me
Brynna, the only name I hear coming out of her mouth these days is yours. 
The implications of that, if it were true 
But I could not allow myself to be so easily tempted. I had to turn away, to refuse to give in, to never acknowledge it aloud, what he had asked of me. 
Not until I saw him 
I must be going. I told Savannah. So, all of this will simply go away on its own?
Yes, with time and patience. She wrapped her arm around my shoulders as we walked towards the door. I did not cringe away from the warm physical contact with her because at the same degree that I was shocked by it, I was also strangely comforted by it. I almost wanted to turn to her so she would hug me, so I could bury my face in her neck and cry, which her kindness made me want to do. When I had been a little girl, before Lucien had died, before Michael, I had used to burrow against my mother and cry whenever I was injured, however slightly, or upset, however minimally. She would hold me, shushing my cries and giving me soft words of comfort. After Lucien and Michael, she never hugged me again. And does that not sound so clich and overdramatic? My mother never hugged me! But alas, it is the clichd and overdramatic truth, I am afraid, and if you were unsure if such a thing could breed monsters, look at what my mothers lack of affection turned me into. Of course, my father, godfather, and nanny had much to do with it, as well.
You know what else will work wonders for you? Savannah asked as she leaned against the doorframe.
Nicotine? Flagon of wine? Peace Fruit Pie and a strong dosage of Armistice?
No. She replied with another chuckle. To go to the wedding in three days and have a really good time.
I do not know if I will even be going, actually. Tony and Tom are two of my dearest friends here, and if I missed their wedding, I know they would be sad, but I just do not know if I feel like being around people, and
Her lips pursed, and she raised an eyebrow in a frowning, critical expression that rivaled and closely mirrored the expression and stance I took when I was in a similar position of having to instill my displeasure at something another said.
And you dont have PTSD. She said with a slight shake of her head.
Right. I replied, conceding without actually saying that she had a point. I will go, but I really do not feel like it.
Tom and Tony are two of your closest friends, you said.
Of course they are. Tony and I worked in the kitchen at the house together. If it were not for them and Rachel, my best friend, I would have lost my mind. Well, Penny, Violet, and Alice were there, too, but they are family.
Even Alice?
I thought about it for a moment and smiled slightly.
Yes. She and Quinn are linked with us now. See, I surprise myself. I always thought my little circle of acquaintances would never grow, but here I am, talking about two friends that have become family, and three acquaintances who have become friends. I am much softer than I was before we came here.
I didnt know you before you came here, but I am certainly impressed with how you are now. Brynna, Id like for you to come talk to me again. Maybe it can even be a weekly thing, like on Earth?
Talk about my feelings once a week?
Should I have just asked you to go swim with sharks after taking a bath in fish chum?
Just about.
Still, would you do it? Please? She asked, Keeping things bottled up has never helped anyone. Well, unless someone is being interrogated, or something.
That is kind of what this feels like to me.
You mean to tell me that when you were just talking to me freely like that, you felt like I was a sadistic interrogator?
No! I replied with another slight laugh. I dont know what I mean. To make up for that accidental comparison, I will come see you next week.
Great. I am sure I will see you at the wedding, and probably before then. You are right across the way, after all.
Indeed. I will see you around.
Alright.
I left, knowing that she was watching me, making sure that I got home alright, despite the fact that I was only right across the dirt path. Once I was inside of my door, I turned around and watched as she returned to her house.
The maternal gesture nearly provoked tears in me again. Her arm wrapped around my shoulders, her understanding eyes, her gentle tone of voice, the protectiveness she must have felt, however slight it was, to watch me as I returned home at nightthey were all reminders of what I should have had with my own mother, and they all drove me to want to return the following week. It is rather embarrassing to admit it, but she had essentially just injected me with some emotional drug to which I was instantly addicted; that drug, like many real ones, filled in an empty place temporarily, and once that space was hollowed out again, more of that drug had to be taken in order to fill it.
During that trying time when I was questioning everything, I had found someone who could help me sort out the answers to those questions in typical maternal fashion. She was not my mother, nor did I think that she wanted to be my mother. I did not truly believe after several minutes being alone in my house after returning from hers that she wanted to mother me.
But a frighteningly strong part of me wished that she did.
***
After spilling some secrets to Savannah, I felt lighter, but there was one issue still plaguing my mind: Caspar Elohimson. Though I knew that I should have confronted Adam first, I also knew that Caspar was an adult and therefore, I could go directly to him with my demand that he stay away from my sister. He was one of the five trainers for the recruits, because he knew the land so well and how best to utilize it in times of war. A small rumble of thunder sounded overhead as I began to trek over to the training hall. All the while, my eyes kept moving upward to watch the swirling gray clouds, knowing that soon a torrential downpour would begin. I am not speaking in metaphors here; I simply did not want to get wet. 
The door to the training center banged against the wall when I pushed it open, and it was then that I realized my adrenaline was pumping. I had no intention of killing Caspar; I had no intention of hurting him, at all. Threats would be the worst of it, and I was unsure if it would even come to that. Perhaps he would tell me what he and Violet had done to Dr. Miletus, and then I would tell him that he was to stay away. If that did not work, I would threaten to speak to his father. If that did not work, I would warn him that I had a history of protecting Violet by whatever means necessary, and that he should take that for what it was. As I walked calmly up the darkened hallway of the training center, looking into each darkened room, I prepared to fight him with only my mind.
It was hard work, turning off my killing instinct. Violet was not being threatened physically, but her way of life was being threatened. Her poor decisions were the result of Caspars influence. If I did not cut off that influence, I strongly suspected that I would lose her. Was it any of my business? I suppose I should say no, but she was my younger sister. She was my de facto child now that our parents were gone. She was my responsibility. I loved her and wanted the best for her. I wanted her ambition and talent to lead her to success and fulfillment. But she was weak when it came to her boys. She and Nick spent every waking moment entwined together, and she and Caspar got up to no good. Caspar was danger, and Nick was safety. She wanted them both, but she could not have the former; he would destroy her, utterly and completely, and she would let him.
At the end of the hall, the sounds of a fist hitting repeatedly into a heavy, hanging bag of sand continued monotonously. There was so much force behind those hits that the sound reverberated throughout the whole complex, it seemed. When my enhanced hearing homed in on the sound, I could hear feet pounding into the mat as he jumped forward or moved, the sounds of his heavy breaths, the occasional grunt that showed the effort it was taking to keep up the intense physical movements. It was not until I was pushing open the door, though, that I heard the thoughts, and I realized it was not Caspar in the gym.
Lightning flashed, and half a minute later, a deafening rumble of thunder made me jump. It did not startle James, though. His eyes were trained on that punching bag, narrowed slightly as he concentrated on hitting it just the right way. Immediately, my eyes took in his arms that had become so impossibly muscular. They certainly were not the arms of some freakish bodybuilder whose biceps were the size of small children, but they had expanded in size and toned so much that his skin seemed to be shrink-wrapped around them, and believe me, I mean that in the best way possible. The black ribbed tank top he was wearing clung to his midsection, and even from afar, I could see that his abs were as toned as his arms. My mind was racing as I watched him; I felt every part of me throbbing again, but this time, it was not for the emotional intimacy or the constancy; this was the primal part of me, the part driven to a senseless, animal lust that erased all ill feelings towards him. James always had that effect on me; sometimes, all I had to do was look at him, even if he was doing nothing remarkable, and I would want him with such longing, it was as though my entire body would cease to feel if I did not throw myself into his arms, wrap my legs around his body, and claw my nails down his back. In that moment, after missing him for so long, after not having him for so long, that feeling was amplified one hundred-fold; my cheeks were flushed; my skin was hot; and my hands, lips, breasts, thighs, hipseverythingwanted to feel him again. 
But as my lips parted, and my voice readied itself to speak to him, I was barraged by an image that was at the forefront of his mind: Him and Janna, in an alley, her back pressed to the wall, her perfectly thin bodymanaging to have both smooth curves where curves were most appealing, and sharp angles where angles were bestin his tightly wrapped arms, his lips trailing down her neck feverishly, his hands on her breasts, his mouth on them And then, she was on her knees in front of him, her face moving forward and back between his legs, and his eyes were closed, his breathing deep, and he was trying so hard to force my face from his mind. He did not want to pretend that it was me below him, because he was so angry at me, and would not have let me touch him even if I wanted to, because why should he let me when he was not the man I really wanted? 
Stop. He had told her, and several moments of blurriness passed in his mind, and then, she was turned around, her back to his front, her hands holding his hands to her small yet perfectly round and supple breasts, and he was downright fucking her, and her head was tilted back, she was moaning, coming, calling out his name, loving every second of it And he was loving it, too, wanting nothing more than for me to come around the corner, to see them, but even if I didnt, Janna was so good So attuned to him and his needs, to his rage, to his need to release it all. So attuned to what his body wanted, so experienced
Another bolt of lightning cut blinding, jagged lines through the sky outside of the window, and for a moment, I thought that it had struck me. My mind was blank, but my heart was beating so quickly that it hurt, and every one of my limbs was paralyzed. Tears rushed into my eyes, admittedly, and more than anything, I wanted them to be tears of rage, and though some of them certainly were, the rest were just tears. It hurt me. Seeing it so clearly in my mind, hearing it, feeling what he had felt It cut me deeper than anything he had ever said or done. It hurt me worse than I had ever allowed another human being to hurt me.
I had been backing away, wanting to blot out his image from my sight, but at the same time wanting to preserve it. Why? I did not know. But whatever the reason, I had to get away from him. Before I could do that, though, a roar of thunder sounded so loudly that he looked up. 
Immediately, his face took on an expression of shock, and almost immediately after that, the shock had dissipated. 
Hey. He said softly, and he began to duck out of the ring, but before he could get one foot under the elastic bands, I zoomed forward and pushed him back inside of it, my eyes blazing the color of fresh blood. 
You saw it, didnt you? He asked, his voice so soft, so apologetic. I gotta get it out of me, baby. Thats why I was seeing it. Thats why Im here. I
I was in the ring, and my open hand was striking him hard across the face. His words cut off, and he exhaled, but then, he tried to speak again.
I know I deserved that. Brynna, Im
I slapped him even harder than before and then pushed his chest hard. When he walked towards me, I slapped him with one hand on one of his cheeks, and then I slapped him with my other hand on his other cheek immediately. 
Alright. He said fiercely, Is that making it better? Is that fixing it?! Go on, then; hit me!
And I did. I slapped him so many times and with so much force that my handprints shone pure white behind the black stubble on his unshaven cheeks. Every time he walked towards me, I pushed his firm chest as hard as I could, and he stumbled back several steps. My fangs were out, and I wanted to bite him, but I did not know where or how hard. My hands were pushing his chest, but then they were gripping two handfuls of that tank top and twisting it, trying to rip it from his body while simultaneously pulling him closer. My fangs bit into my bottom lip, but when I had pulled him close enough to me, and I had claimed his mouth with mine, I was biting his lip. His hands had been trying to lessen the force of my assault, but now, they were running down my back, tucking under my butt, and pulling my hips closer to him. His breaths were coming deeply and quickly; he wanted me to such a point that he needed me. His hands did not know where they wanted to be, and neither did his mouth. One second, his hands were running over my butt, then they were squeezing my back, and then they were up my shirt and under my bra, caressing both of my breasts hard, as his lips pressed hard to my lips, my neck, my shoulders, my chest He was falling to his knees in front of me, unbuttoning and unzipping my jeans. He pulled them down my legs with one hand, and with the other, he was pushing my shirt up so he could kiss and lick his way down my stomach. His mouth was kissing me over my underwear, and then, they were down my legs, too, and his tongue was running slowly up and down, stopping to push hard and fast over and over again just where he knew I liked it. My eyes closed, my breathing deepened, and my body swayed. One soft sound, a mixture between a sigh and a moan, left me, and he exhaled deeply, stopping his devouring of me so he could look up at me. There was such hunger in his eyes; he was utterly famished for me, my body that he worshipped, my voice moaning out his name, the sounds I made that left no doubt in his mind that he was pleasing me
Again, baby. Please. He whispered breathlessly, You dont know how Ive missed that sound. 
His lips began their work on me again, and I did not want to give him what I wanted, but he was so expertly skilled with his lips and tongue that I could not help but make the sounds that he loved so much. My body was leaned back on the ropes surrounding the ring, and my breasts were pushing upwards into the air, and my head was tilted back The orgasm ripped through my body like a wild animal loosed from its cage, cascading outwards from where his mouth was pressed up to my breasts, which pushed further towards the ceiling, out from the pit of my stomach, to the tip of my head. I exhaled deeply, moaning for that final moment, and then, my body slumped forward, my knees so weak, they could not support me. His arms were around my middle, and he was holding me up, still on his knees in front of me.
When my strength returned, I dropped to my knees in front of him so our faces were level. Then, without warning I pushed him back onto the mat, and in a blur of movement he barely saw, I was on top of him, my legs on either side of his torso, my body curled over him, my long hair flipped over, hanging down, my eyes burning into his. His pants were gone before he could realize it, and my hand was rubbing him over his boxers, feeling how hard he already was, and feeling him becoming harder and stiffer with each downward slide of my hand. My hand dipped below the hemline of his boxers and wrapped around him. Because I knew it drove him crazy, I moved my hips forward and back in synchrony with my hand. Whatever words he was trying to say dissolved away into soft grunts and deep breaths, and when his eyes closed, and his body stiffened, and in my hand, he began to throb I let go. 
Gathering myself up, I rose onto my feet, hearing his pathetically confused thoughts and then, his aggravated realization of what I was doing. 
Oh, you have got to be shitting me He murmured.
I am not. I said vaguely as I pulled my black lacy thong back on.
No, no! Do it slowly. Slowly! He begged, but my pants were already pulled on, zipped and buttoned before he could even grasp a hold of himself.
Goodbye, James. I said, and I extracted a cigarette from the pack I always kept in the back pocket of my jeans, lit one up, and began to saunter away, exhaling smoke.
Fine, but FYI, you dont have to do jack shit, and Im still going to get off. Even now, youre just walking away, and and
He grunted and laid back, breathing heavily, his head turned sideways so he could watch me go.
That is all well and good, as they say, but is your hand as good as me?
Baby, just come back. Come back, and Ill do anything you say. Ill go down on you for the next eight hours. I promise. He stood up, pulling his boxers back on, as he ran after me, Baby, Ill do it for nine hours. Ten hours! We dont even have to talk. All youll have to say is down, and Ill go to work. Okay? Is that what you want?
Do I want for you to perform oral sex on me for almost half a day? While that would sound lovely, maybe, in another circumstance, we are in this circumstance, Im afraid. So, no, that is not what I want. What I want is for you to find one of the many million innovators on this planet, have them make you a time machine, and for you to then go back and erase all of your epic fuck-uppery. God, I have become so salty! You are a terrible influence! You are an awful person! God, you rode her like she was a fucking horse! You loved it, and she loved it.
I didnt. He said firmly, She was nothing compared to you. Nothing, do you understand me? 
Yes. I am sure, James. I reached down and patted him between the legs, Make sure you put on your pants before you leave. 
***

I found Caspar waiting for me on my front porch.
Word travels quickly around here, Ms. Olivier. I heard that you were asking for me, so I figured I would save you the trouble of looking.
My shock at seeing him was temporary and never showed on my face. I walked forward, leaned my back against the wooden railing of my porch, and studied him. He certainly did look like his father, and therefore, he was exceedingly good-looking. The mischievous glint in the eye and the equally mischievous grin were shared traits between father and son, as well. In Caspar, there was certainly malice, but he was young and had not honed his skills enough to wield that malice with any proficiency. His father was an ace at embodying ice and malevolence subtly; that is why so many were terrified of him. But Caspar, still so young, was not subtle, so he was not intimidating; I felt nothing but a strengthened desire to send him away still. 
How kind of you. I said, I am sure that you are savvy enough that you know what I want from you.
Do you want to make a deal? That is what most want from me.
Intrigue. It took me immediately and forcefully.
You are a Dionysian.
I am. That makes me a bastard.
If all your father says is true, then yes, at least in terms of the actions your power might lead you to take, you are a bastard. But I assume you do not mean bastard in that way.
No, I mean that I am his bastard. My brother is a perfect little Ares, just like Mother. My father loathes what I am, even though it was his stock that made it happen. But this is not about me. Daddy does not matter.
No, he does not. Not to me, anyway. I certainly will not trouble myself over your troubles. I do apologize for that, but I am not a psychotherapist. My main concern is the influence you have had on Violet. Now, I went to see Dr. Miletus, and she begged me not to confront you on this. Well, she never said your name, but her thoughts were very, very loud. They were screaming, actually. Now, this woman is known worldwide as a hellish bitch on wheels Oh, I am sorry, that is an Earthean expression meaning
I can infer.
Well, good. Dr. Miletus is known worldwide for being an instructor who kicks her students into shape by holding them to the highest standards possible. Her medical expertise is unrivaled, and that is why she is the most sought after medical profession in Adams circles on this whole planet. Because of all of that, she is known as a bitch. Our sexism and your sexism are quite the same. She and my sister have never gotten along, partly because my sister, like so many her age, believes she knows everything there is to know already and that her harsh life experiences excuse her laziness and cheekiness, amongst so many other things. She has no respect for any authority except for Jamess and mine, but that is because I am her sister, he was my boyfriend, and we are her de facto parents. She fears disappointing us. Now, most of Dr. Miletuss young interns spend their days crying over how harsh she is, but I have seen her work, and while it is harsh what she does, it is a necessary harshness.
Says the woman who bitched from here to Del Mare about the harshness of our training program.
Yes, Caspar, your lessons on Purissimissian geography were what I was protesting. I said, and I rolled my eyes.
He smiled, but his eyes were blazing.
I did protest all that those recruits were forced to suffer. I did protest, because several parents came to meyour people and my peopleand asked me to put an end to it, so an end to it did I put.
Yes, because you are such a civil servant these days, Brynna Olivier.
I am. You may not believe it, but this is now my role. It was thrust upon me, and alas, I have accepted it. Caspar, from here on out, I request that you stay away from my sister.
And I deny your request. Moreover, so will she.
No. I said, and I smiled, shaking my head. Her mind repeated her apologies, shouted her regrets, and begged me to decipher what it was that needed apology, what is was that had caused such regret. She did not speak a word of what had happened, but her heart told me that it was Dr. Miletus. So, I paid her a visit.
And I had. Because I was a concerned sister/de facto parent, I snooped into Violets heart and mind while she was awake and found nothing. Constructing a wall and keeping it fortified against my entry was a skill she could not have developed overnight, so I had known that whatever it was she had done, she thought it so shameful that she was keeping me out; only if her worst fear was for the secret to be discovered could I not ferret it out without touching her. At night, I had read her heart and mind again, and it was then I discovered that after she had been expelled from the Medical Program, she had allowed Caspar to talk her into his scheme. I could not see the scheme in completion, so I had paid a visit to Dr. Miletuss office.
I will not accept her back just because you are here, Ms. Olivier. I respect you very much. I respect what you have done so far for this village, but I cannot take her back. 
That was how she had prefaced our entire conversation. No pleasantries had even been exchanged before those words had left her mouth. Now, I had met Dr. Miletus many, many times, because she also served on the Council. When that woman spoke, her blue eyes bore into yours so deeply that prolonged eye contact with her was nearly impossible. Her tone was always firm, always resolute. She always knew exactly what she wanted, and without any effort, it seemed, she could convince her audience that they wanted it, too. Her voice always remained level, her body always remained upright, and her eyes were always so focused. She had not one tell; she did not shake her leg, she did not tap or bite her fingernails, she did not twirl a quill, nothing. Her entire being was set in stone, and it was truly fascinating. No other man or woman could have done her job, because no other man or woman had such a steely, assured disposition that lacked all pretense. 
But when she said those words to me, her eyes were trained on the desk. There were papers in her hand, and ever so slightly, they were rattling. Her gaze fell to them, and she tried to pretend like she was absorbed in the words on the page, but her eyes were not moving; she was not reading them. 
That is not why I came here today. I had said calmly, I believe you were entirely justified in your expulsion of Violet. You have your standards, and those standards have prepared the next generation of doctors for the trials they will face for two centuries now. Violet did not meet those standards. When Violet first started, she had your same standards, and she wanted your approval. But due to her youth, her laziness, and various unfortunate influences, she began to adopt lower standards, ones better suited to a government leech, some trust-fund babies, or some millenials. Her entitlement and arrogance are as disturbing to me as they are to you, Dr. Miletus, and believe me, we have had many disagreements over this very topic.
She nodded, but her eyes were downcast. The silence that fell between us did not prickle my skin or provoke my fight or flight reflex. I was perfectly alright waiting patiently for her to speak.
She is a very good girl. She said finally, She is very gifted. Exceedingly bright. That must run in your blood. But I promised myself after She stopped, and her now severely trembling hand came up to run through her long, dark red, almost maroon hair. With both hands, she brushed that mass of hair back, twirled it around and around to the ends, spun it several times in a circle as though making a web, and stuck three thick pins through it to keep it firmly rooted at the base of her skull. 
I promised myself after what happened that I would not relent. I would not take her back, despite She stopped again, I will not discuss this with you, Ms. Olivier.
Please discuss it with me, Dr. Miletus.
I know not what you will do.
I will tell you now that nothing will come of it except that I will confront Violet. Violet will come to you, if you will allow her, and offer you her apologies, which I know will more than likely be useless
No. She stopped, shook her head, her eyes closing for one second. She was not herself. I assume he gave her Devils Touch, because she was very open to his influence. Ms. Olivier, my wife and I swore to never speak of this again. Our husband is Herculian, and you know as well as any their protective rage. He would kill the Kings son if he found out about this, and Caspar Elohimson is the Kings son. He is known far and wide for his ability to terrorize, and it just so happens that I was his newest victim. I am one of many. I am not special. It does not matter. But before, it was only him, and now, he is dragging your poor sister into this. She stopped, and her shaking hand came up to wipe at her eyes.
Violet is so bright. She continued, She is so talented. She has such a passion for this work. It truly hurts me to see the path she has taken. I want very much for you to help her find that path again. So, I will tell you what occurred, because I am sure that she does not remember. In her mind and heart, did you see anything clear?
No.
That is not surprising. Devils Touch erases memories but leaves traces upon the mind of what occurred. Rather, it leaves traces upon the heart.
Yes. She is withdrawn now. There is something heavy hanging over her. James and I have both been trying to coax out of her what is wrong, but she will not tell us anything. Sometimes, she tells him and me that she is just sad that he is no longer at home, and I know that that truly plays a factor, but it is especially playing a factor now because she wants to tell him what happened. For whatever reason, she wants to tell James and not me. And that is fine; that is good. I get the sense that he is aware of some situation of which I am not aware. So, it is alright if she wishes to confide in him and not me. I assumed that she had had sex with Caspar and was afraid of her boyfriend finding out. But when I saw you in her mind, I knew that something more had occurred.
She nodded, but she was silent again for a long time.
Poor child. She said, He is very persuasive. He is charming and handsome, and he showed such great interest in her. She is very young, and she accepted his advances as a result. Her instincts are not honed to absolute astuteness yet, or else she would have rejected him. When they came here, I assumed that he would threaten me, but when I saw the look in his eyes, I knew that it would be more. He is young, and I am very old, at least in literal years, and yet he overpowered me easily. I I 
Her hands were wiping at her eyes, and this time, moisture came away on her fingertips. 
Ms. Olivier, may I ask you to just look into my mind? I have already put these events into words for my wife, and I do not think I am capable of saying them again.
Absolutely. Whatever is easiest for you, Dr. Miletus. 
I reached my hand out to her, but she retracted hers, cradling it to her chest for a moment as though my touch would cause her physical pain.
I fear that if I show you, you will be unable to suppress your rage. You are of all powers, Ms. Olivier, and you are close with the King. He mustnt know of this. Caspar is his son, and though their relationship is troubled, he is still his son. When others spoke of what Caspar had done, they were silenced. They remained here, but they never spoke of it again. They are afraid of Adam. I am afraid. I have a wife, a husband, and a child on the way. My wife will not carry this child to term if harm befalls me. Her nerves are fragile; she has been sick since childhood. Promise me if I show this to you, you will not confront either Elohimson, father or son.
I promise you. I said immediately, and I meant it. 
Her hand reached out to me slowly, her eyes on the ground again, her face blank. 
Leave here now. She had ordered, You will leave here this instant, or I will fetch the guards.
And you believe the guards will arrest me? You believe they will throw the son of the king they so fear into a jail cell? 
He was walking towards her slowly, letting her anticipate with each step he took the moment when his hands would be upon her. In her reminiscence, Caspar was a visitor, a guest star, but her instincts were able to read his very essence, and so that essence was there in her memory. If his essence was there, I could read his thoughts. 
Rape was out of the question. He had never raped a woman in his life, and he never wanted to rape a woman. He had simulated it with consenting whorescomfort workers, as one who respected their career and them as human beings would call thembut he had never done it for real. But this woman gave his mother such trouble. She was so firm, too firm. When he watched her walk so tall, speak so firmly, express herself so resolutely, all he wanted was one moment to frighten her at the very least, and at the very most, to violate her. It was his nature, he thought. He could not help it that he was born Dionysian. It was his fathers fault that he was born that way; it was his blood that had carried the Dionysian gene. His father hated him for what he was, but he, meaning Caspar, was wildly proud of what he was. His business was pleasurehis own above anyonesand in his own way, he helped other people. When they came begging for wealth, for fame, for the hearts of those after whom they lusted, he granted their wishes. He gave them their darkest desires. His business was pleasure, and how much harm could there truly be in that?
So he should have been excused when his nature made him act out his own darkest impulses. It was not his fault that he was so slandered. He was walking human desire, walking darkness. Dionysus was so misunderstood, and so was he. All Dionysus wanted was to have a little fun, and so did he. Why should anyone be beholden to altruistic principles when principles of selfishness and violence and fulfillment made life so much more exciting? He was too young to have such thoughts; he was too young to be so mature. But that was his power, his nature. He could not fight his nature.
If he had not been so high, maybe it would not have escalated so far. But Devils Touch made those who took it act out on their most recent emotions, which is why Violet was sitting in front of him, laughing as he pinned Miletus facedown to the desk. She remembered the rage and self-indignation she had felt when Miletus expelled her. She remembered the wishes of the darkest parts of her mind that she had heard as she stormed away, her pride wounded and her heart broken, her ambitions dashed, her future uncertain once again. He knew that in her right state, she would be begging him not to hurt Miletus, because those dark wishes would be erased at the sight of Miletus pinned down, her eyes closed and tearing, her breaths soft yet fast, her body shaking as she tried to fight the urge to cry, to scream, as she tried to gather the strength to fight
He was not as high as Violet, but he was high enough that he did not feel the guilt he normally felt. The justifications for his actions came hard and fast. As his hands worked in between Miletuss front and the desk, and he felt as he squeezed her breasts the rapid, frantic pounding of her heart, as he ripped her blouse down the center, and she began to fight, and he pushed her face as hard as he could into the desk twice, until she stopped moving, he told himself she deserved it, she deserved it, she deserved it but he didnt know why.
His thoughts became a droning background noise as hers pushed to the forefront. She just wanted to stop crying, she wanted to remain as emotionless as she always was, she wanted to stop picturing her wife and husband So many people said that as they faced a trauma, seeing pictures of their loved ones in their minds pulled them through, but seeing them just made her so ashamed, so humiliated. When she saw them in her mind, it was like they were there, watching her as she was so degraded, so violated, so weak and helpless, more weak and more helpless than she had ever been in her entire thousand-year-old life
Physically, she was forty-five, and all her life she had been an ace fighter as well as possessor of infinite medical expertise. But in that moment, she was weak, held down by that impossibly strong boy of twenty-one, the Kings son. But his mind was not twenty-one. He could not have such darkness if his mind were so young; he could not have such frighteningly mature and startlingly accurate knowledge of how best to intimidate his enemies like he did. 
Violet was laughing, and Miletus was sympathizing with her, knowing that she would remember none of it except the regret and guilt that she would be feeling if she were witnessing it without being under the influence of drugs.
Do you want to be my whore, Luciana Miletus? 
It made me sick to hear him say it, but it did not make me nearly as sick as it made her. What made her even sicker were the words that came out of her mouth as a reflex.
No. Please. 
Thats it. Beg me.
Please go.
Thats not going to do it. Say Prince Caspar, I would like to make a deal for my worthless life. I would like to live, and I want you to let me live.
She said those words verbatim, her voice only trembling somewhat, and her tears falling from her eyes against her will.
Her memory had cut off there, because she had broken the touch between us, but I could surmise what had happened. Once returned to the present, I could only look at her, because my heart was beating so fast. 
Was it the worst? I asked her, and she shook her head. 
He seemed to grow bored after some time. He took me outside and held me at the edge of the ash circle, and he gave me a warning.
What did he say?
He said he knew my wife was sick, and he knew that she would not survive her pregnancy if something happened to me. He said he would throw me to the tree-beasts if I did not allow Violet back into medical training. In his heart, Brynna, he believes he is doing right by her. He believes that he is being gallant, kind, and romantic. He is taking up her cause. He is fighting for her. In his mind, I am the villain, and he is the hero, defeating me. Her voice had broken completely, and one hand came up to cover her face. For a few seconds, harsh, violent sobs choked out of her, and while I normally wanted to run as quickly as my nonhuman abilities would allow whenever anyone started crying, I quickly came around the desk, knelt beside her, and took the hand that was wrapped around her middle.
There is nothing I can do. She said, More importantly, there is nothing you can do. It must be buried. All that occurred must simply be swept away. His father is powerful. He is ruthless. We are alright with one another now, but if I accuse his son of this
Dr. Miletus, he and I are close now, and if you want, I can
No. She shook her head, I cannot risk it. I cannot risk my life, because if my life is lost, my childs will be lost as well. I know it. I know that my poor wife will not survive it. We have been together for one hundred and eight years. She has been sick. I do not care about me, but my wife, my husband, our unborn child, our daughter It is his power that has made him so dark. It is his belief that he is fighting for her honor. I remember when he was a boy. He was an angel, just like his smaller brother now. I cannot believe that that same boy could do what he did to me.
It doesnt matter what he is now, or what he was, Dr. Miletus. I had said, His power makes him dark, but it also makes him vulnerable. If you give me permission, I will settle it. Using my power, I will erase all knowledge of what occurred between you and Violet from his mind. That will erase him as a threat.
He is very smart. Surely, he will be expecting
No. I said, There is no way he can predict my actions. His father cannot, so he certainly cannot. Just give me permission to settle this matter for you, and I will. Okay? I will settle it.
I do not know why I was so eager to help her. Perhaps it was seeing how her fear and shame had morphed her from the strong, unyielding woman whose eyes did not fall for a moment, regardless of to whom she was speaking, to a trembling, teary shell of that other woman. Later, I would be told that it was all a result of my savior complex, which specifically applied to middle-aged, attractive females who reminded me of one particular middle-aged, attractive female. Regardless of the reason, in the present moment, I grabbed Caspars hands, focused hard on the events that Dr. Miletus had shown me, and then, I pulled from the darkness of our joined minds a bright white light. Quickly, the images of Dr. Miletus erased themselves from my inner-sight, though there was still a hazy outline of them playing in my mind but not in his. Easily, I had erased the whole night from his mind. He could not remember what I had done. It had been so easy, once our hands were touching.
I looked up at him, and he was staring at me, his green eyes dreamy and unfocused. A small grin was pulling at the corners of his mouth. After a moment, he blinked, and the usual steel of his gaze reappeared. I had never erased memories before, but I appeared to have done a sufficient job.
Did she tell you He asked me icily, that it was Violet who held her to the ash circle and threatened to throw her over? 
The ice in his voice filled me up, and I backed up a step, my brows furrowed in confusion.
Yes. This is why the Dionysians and the Athenes could never quite see eye-to-eye. This is why our kinds destroyed each other. We are too crafty to fall victim to your mind tricks, and you are too wise to take our deals. It is how we survive, you know. It is through threats, barters, and trades that we keep our immortal lives, because it is through threats, barters, and trades that we feed on you all. We are the only ones who require the life-forces of others to survive. The rest of you are untested by the one God. The rest of you just live easily, needing nothing to keep yourselves alive. So, yes, I intimidated a woman my mother and I have long loathed; I made her think that I would assault her. But I did not, Brynna. I will not.
He closed the space between us and looked down at me.
Do you think I enjoy being this way? Do you think I would have chosen this, if I had been given a choice?
Caspar, you are dangerous. You are a danger to everyone around you. Why have you not left?
My father forced me to leave. He put me in the one place where my power could not harm anyone except whom we wanted to harm. When I was at war, I was serving the cause. It was the only time he was proud that I was his son. He loved me dearly when I was young, but once my power reared its head, I was dead to him. How cruel is that?
I almost believed him. His heart certainly lent credibility to his words, because it was clearer and more sincere than it had ever been in any of our other conversations. His green eyes were alight with moisture, but I could not call that moisture tears. Still, they made his eyes look bigger, brighter, almost puppy dog-like. It was hard to decide if the sincerity of his heart, those tears in his eyes, or the beseeching of my compassion that I saw in his mind were all worthy of my trust, but after a moment, I could not help but lower my guard, however slightly. He was younger than me by only two years, but his maturity rivaled mine. How strange it was that I should be standing before an adversary who was, more or less, of my physical age. Surely, that had to mean something. Surely, it was a sign from God or the Gods. Or a clever trick, at the very least. A cunning metaphor.
Caspar, stay away from Violet. Stay away from Dr. Miletus. Now that I have entered your mind, it will be all too easy for me to feel your inclinations towards both of them.
That old witch expelled your sister, whose only dream was to work on Medical, and you defend her. She is known far and wide across this world as a disrespectful, loathsome shrew, and still, you would take up arms on her behalf?
Yes. I said, Because no matter what she was or who she is, she could never deserve what you did to her.
Oh, but Rene, who merely had a crush, albeit an obsessive one, on your sister, was worthy of the violent death you dealt him?
Would you like the repeat that part about how the crush was obsessive?
Regardless of the reason, you dealt out a punishment as your own form of justice, and I did the same.
My sense of justice was offended because that man would have eventually raped her, and I knew that! Your sense of justice was offended because Dr. Miletus did to Violet exactly what Violet deserved!
She deserved for that cold, merciless muff to shame her publicly first, and then shame her in private second; for that muff to take away the only dream that your sister has You side with her because you wish to save her! You side with her because of some darkness in your past! You feel that I have violated her in a way that you were violated, and I did not. I could not. I merely scared her. I am not the worst of my kind, but I do what I must to survive. I do what I must to protect the people I love, and you do the same!
That is enough! 
His voice startled us both. He had shouted, something that he never did. Despite the outburst, he merely sauntered up the steps, his eyes blazing as he looked between the two of us. When his long fingers wrapped around my small hand, engulfing it completely, though, his touch was far gentler than the look in his eyes led me to believe he was capable of being in that moment. When he spoke, too, his voice was soft, apologetic.
Brynna, I am sorry for all that has occurred. I am sorry that my son He said the word with such disdain, and Caspar, for just one half-second, visibly cringed, as though Adam had physically struck him, has caused such issues for you and Violet. I ordered him before we came here that he was to leave all of you well alone. But then, he has always had such trouble following simple commands. Havent you?
Adam I said.
Adam grabbed Caspar by the back of his neck and pushed him forcefully towards me.
Apologize. Now. 
Adam. I said again.
What are you going to do to me, Father? Caspar asked venomously through clenched teeth, Send me off to war again? Mother said that she would utterly destroy you if you tried.
Well Mother has always believed herself capable of destroying me. Apologize to Brynna for what you have done, and promise that you will never tarnish her doorstep with your sickening presence ever again. You will never speak to her sister again.
Adam! I snapped at him, and they both looked at me, Let him go. 
Adam stared at me for a long moment, but then, he released Caspar. After a moment, Caspar stood up straight.
Is it true that he must do this to survive?
Yes. Adam hissed, That is why his kind is so filthy. They know they must do it to survive, when the honorable action would be to just die!
Adam, that is a terrible thing to say! I snapped at him so furiously that he looked at me in utter shock. He is your son, and you would wish death upon him?!
I do not wish death upon him, nor is he my son! He is his mothers child only, carrying the filthy genes of her ilk. It is in her bloodline that his sickness runs, not mine.
Is he not so sweet, Brynna Olivier? Is he not so kind? So worthy of your love? Caspar asked bitterly, but now, there were unmistakable tears in his eyes. I was so torn. I could not understand how it was possible to feel such protectiveness over a man who had done something so terrible to a woman, who had led my sister down such a dangerous path, who had shown up at my house because he was trying to intimidate me And yet my heart iced over with a frigid, painful chill when I looked at Adam now, because hadnt my parents said his same words to me so many times? In both my case and Caspars, we were simply victims of our circumstances. Luciens death was not all my fault, and Caspars power was not all his. It was strange, to suddenly be judging someone who was so openly condemning one who had committed such sadistic acts, but I was judging Adam. I opened my door, walked inside, and turned around in the doorway.
He is your son, Adam, regardless of what he is. No wonder he finds it so easy to hurt other people. Not only is it for his survival, but it is because you did not guide him into finding other ways. It is because you can look him right in the eyes and tell him that it would have been honorable for him to just end his life. Caspar, I have said many things about your mother, but at least she treats you well. At least she accepts her child completely.
Brynna Adam said.
I will see you at the wedding, though now I am not sure if I even want to see you. 
Brynna, he is merely playing you. This is the act he puts on when he smells sympathy. This is the act they all put on.
I am too tired to care if I am being lied to by one or both of you. Goodnight. I said, and I closed the door in their stunned faces. 
***

Violet told me everything, proving that the Devils Touch had actually kept her memories crystal clear. After she tearfully admitted to me what had happened, she went to Dr. Miletus and apologized. I waited outside, because I told Violet that I would not mediate their discussion; it needed to be solely her responsibility to make amends with Dr. Miletus, and she did. Whatever she said must have been very convincing and heartfelt, because when she came back outside, she was beaming brightly.
Dr. Miletus is taking me back into Medical!
What?! I exclaimed, totally shocked for the first time in a long time. She was bobbing up and down, beaming brightly, so beyond total elation that it was almost cute. 
You better not disappoint her, Violet Mae.
What?! She exclaimed, I will not disappoint anyone, thank you so much. Now if youll excuse me, I am going to go tell Nick.
Inside, I was thrilled to hear that she was going to see Nick. My acceptance of him had taken me by surprise, but it had happened, and I was glad that they were still together, because I had been unsure if they were during her time with Caspar.
Violet I said before she left, Caspar is out of your life for good now, isnt he?
At first, she said nothing, and that was enough of an answer. She turned to me, brushing a piece of hair away from her face and tucking it behind her ear.
Hes not all bad, Brynn. She said as I unlocked our door, Even you dont think hes all bad. I see something weird in your heart when you think about him. Even though he
Violet! I snapped at her quietly, and I sat down at the kitchen table and stared at her intently. After he almost raped
He wouldnt have done it. You said he said that he wasnt going to do it.
And scaring that woman nearly to death, forcing you to hold her to the ash-circle, threatening the lives of her wife, her husband, and her children? That was alright?! He wasnt going to actually rape her, but it was perfectly alright for him to make her think that he was going to rape her? That woman is consumed by what he did. Her mind is besieged by it every few minutes. Her heart is constantly beating so fast, so frantically. Do you remember how Dr. Miletus was before this occurred?
She seems that way to me. Shes a little shaken, Brynn, but shes not
What, Violet? Is she not demonstrating how traumatic that experience was for her dramatically enough for you? I hissed at her, so angry that I wanted to storm from the room. 
Im not saying that I am going to hang out with him, alright? But if you want me to say hes Satan, and I hate him, and I hope he dies, Im not going to. Im sorry, okay? But after everything we talked about, everything he told me, I cant discredit him completely. I know that somewhere in him is a really good person who hates what he has to do to survive. She looked away from me for a moment, and then said, That was actually pretty poetic.
No, it wasnt. I snapped, Just leave, please. I do not want to talk to you anymore.
She stared at me as I lit up a cigarette. 
You think what you do with Adam is any different than what I do with Caspar? She asked me, her voice trembling slightly. I did not know that I had made her so angry, but it was obvious then in the tone of her voice. When our eyes met, I saw that hers were swirled with flecks of red.
You think the way you feel about him is any different? You know Adam has done terrible things. You know he is not completely good. He has serious flaws. He is deadly. But you cant stay away from him.
I have stayed away from him for
Clearly you didnt, or else James would be here, wouldnt he?
I slammed my fist onto the table, my heart skipping several beats because the rage had taken hold of it so violently. When I looked up at her, my eyes were completely red.
James is not here, little girl, I shouted, Because James decided to go fuck Adams wife!
Because he thought you were fucking Adam, little girl!
Well, the difference is that I did not fuck anyone, and he did. When I needed him, he let his pettiness and envy drive him to make these ridiculous accusations and then to commit the ultimate betrayal. But I am glad James has convinced you that I am the villain. I am glad that I am the one who drove him away, Violet!
Youre the one keeping him away! God, arent you over it yet? Cant he just come home yet? Hes forced to live in Renes house, all by himself, when he knows what Rene was. But he has to live there because you wont let him come home!
Does James approve of your little tryst with Caspar? Is that why you are so eager for him to return? Because you think he will be able to convince me that Caspar is someone with whom you should be palling around?
No! He hates that I hang out with Caspar, but thats just because hes Adams son. I know that.
Well, pity for me that I actually have a valid reason to hate you hanging out with Caspar.
Well, I dont care about it, okay?! Obviously, I feel terrible about what I did to Dr. Miletus, but I was high, and so was he, and he does what he has to do to survive, and Adam has been awful to him since he found out that Caspar was a Dionysian, and who is Adam to judge anyone, and I dont know if you remember this, but Caspar saved your life by helping me carry you to infirmary!
No, the doctors saved my life, one of whom was Dr. Miletus. Whom Caspar assaulted. Whom you assaulted. Dr. Miletus, should she find out that you are taking this stance with Caspar, will throw you out all over again.
Well, like I said, Im not going to be hanging out with him all the time. Maybe I wont hang out with him ever again. In fact, I know I wont, because I am focusing on school above everything else now, because Dr. Miletus gave me this second chance. But I will not demonize him completely, Brynna. Not when this is what he needs to do to survive.
I looked at her, shocked once again. But this time, my shock was the result of the fact that I was undeniably, pitifully at a loss for words. How could she still sympathize with a man who had violated a woman in the same way that she had been violated? I could have asked her that question, but she had recovered so well, almost effortlessly, after her ordeal with Rene and Jamess drunk friends. Say what I would about my sister, but she was resilient; she was always quick to bounce right back after an emotional setback. 
There is nothing I can say, so I will say nothing. I said as I stubbed out my cigarette. As you get older, you will realize that while Adam has done some terrible things, to my knowledge, he has never raped or pretended to rape a woman, nor has he committed any violence against anyone on our side since we joined up with him. Adam is a kind man. He is powerful, and he is dangerousGod, he is utterly lethalbut his heart is good. It is dark in places, but there is so much goodness. I do not see that in Caspar.
You dont see it because you dont want to see it. I have seen it. She sighed heavily, James is dark, too. So before you judge my choices, Brynna, you should look at your own. She started to walk away, but at the front door, she turned around and yelled, And that was poetic!
After the door had slammed, I sat back in the chair, thinking seriously about her poetic statement. I knew that I was right about Caspar, but there was nothing I could do about her infatuation with him. If I objected, she would only want to be with him more. If there was one person who could talk her out of her decision regarding him, it would be James, but as she had pointed out, I had sent James away and would not accept him back. Violet and I had fought on that subject repeatedly over the previous months, because she wanted him to come home, and I would not let him. Several times, she had brought up my alleged tryst with Adam, because she was young and ignorant and viewed my almost-tryst as being the same crime as Jamess affair with Janna. 
He had no reason to do it, though, other than that he was angry with me. He was looking to get back at me. I told Rachel as we sat on her balcony, smoking. I almost had sex with Adam because we had gotten so close, so fast. We were fighting for our lives together. We really thought we would die or be captured. We had almost been killed by so many things. James was just angry because he thought I was with Adam behind his back, which I was, but nothing happened.
Exactly. Nothing happened. James cant get pissed off and have sex with someone else every time you talk to Adam. You two work together. You see each other every day. You have a great relationship now, and I am going to be honest, dude, that is good for all of us.
I know it is! Adam has acted only in our best interest since he and I came here together. By our best interest, I mean us, the former Eartheans. He is far kinder to us than he ever would have been if I had not gotten so close to him.
So James needs to stop being a baby and come make amends with you.
He has tried to make amends with me. I have spoken to him multiple times over the past few months, but the sight of his face just makes me want to scream.
You and every other girl, dearest.
Oh, God, you know what I mean.
She laughed raucously at her own joke, and I joined in her laugh after a moment.
Hell be at the wedding tomorrow. She said after we were quiet for a moment, Are you going to be alright?
Ill be fine. Tony and I have been prepping. He says that all I have to do is show up, look amazing, and if I dont want to reconcile with James, to have sex with some other guy right in front of him.
Best advice ever.
Tony is a genius.
That he is. But seriously, did he give you good advice besides that?
Yeah. He says that James promised to leave me alone and let me have a good time, because I need one.
Yes. You do. Rachel said, And Joe and I will be right there with you, and were going to take care of you, baby.
Aww I said, and I turned my head on the side as I looked at her, I know. God, I bet he is going to look amazing tomorrow, too. They both will. And then all I am going to do is jump immediately to images of the three of us together, and then, I am going to start blushing, and they are going to know that it is a serious sexual fantasy of mine to have sex with both of them at the same time
Brynna! Rachel exclaimed, and she raised her sunglasses to look at me with wide eyes. Her mouth was open wide, but she was obviously fighting a huge grin, I have never heard such scandalous talk from you! I love it!
Ill bet you do, you dirty old woman.
God, if that ever happens, you need to let me come watch. Or you need to tell me about it in glorious detail. 
Oh, I would. But alas, I do not think that is going to happen to us. Sorry to disappoint you.
I am not disappointed. God, the abs. Abs overload! And biceps! The other day, Adam was shopping with his youngest son, and he was wearing this short-sleeve, tight, black shirt
The tight black shirt! I said with her, and we both laughed hysterically at the fact that we both knew what it was. We both knew the glory of the black shirt
Oh, my God! His biceps, man! Rachel said excitedly, And those abs! I adore James. Hes like an older brother to me. A much older brother. Hes one of the hottest guys I have ever seen in my life. Dont tell Joe I said that.
Scouts honor.
But Adam is so hot, too. God, tomorrow is going to be too much for this married gal. I am going to be falling over myself as your hot old men try to win your affections. Let the living vicariously through Brynna extravaganza begin. Oh, and let Tony and Toms wedding begin, too.
***

I walked in between Rachel and Joe, my arms linked with one of theirs.
This is our date, and no one had better insinuate that any funny business is going on with the three of us! Joe was saying loudly as yet another group gawked at us, surely believing that we were joining the large collection of individuals who were forming bisexual, polyamorous groups, in which everyone, men and women, dated and had sex with one another.
We are good and wholesome twenty-somethings, even though Rachel and I are thirty!
Stop! I exclaimed through my hysterical laughter.
We are a threesome, but we are not having a threesome! Not unless legal documents are signed and burning romantic desire takes hold of the three of us this night, when we celebrate the marital bliss of the Double Ts!
Oh my God! Rachel exclaimed, her legs crossing together as she walked. You are going to make me pee my pants!
Those are pants? Joe leaned in and muttered conspiratorially to me, Looks like a dress to me, so shes probably been drinking and is a little confused. We might have to keep an eye on her.
Shut up, Joseph! Rachel reached over and whacked him in the back of the head as we both continued to laugh. I do not want to have to walk all the way back to the house to change. Not to mention, I know you two imbeciles will never let me live it down if I pee right now!
We will not, but I will carry you swiftly to our home so no one else knows. That way the ridicule will only be two-fold, not two-thousand fold.
Oh, that is so chivalrous. Thank you. They kissed over top of my head, and I frowned at both of them.
Why do you two have to be of a height that most athletes would envy? You make me feel like a garden gnome down here!
Well, you are the most beautiful garden gnome I have ever seen in my entire life, so you just stop that insecure babble right now. Joe told me as we all waved to the Jalalis, a family of four from Iran. 
Hello! The father greeted us cheerfully. His two young children took off running into the large, billowing white tent where the ceremony was being held. Goodbye!
We all laughed as he and his wife ran after the children. 
Penny! I called, and she turned around from walking with one of her school friends and came back to me.
Is it my hair? She asked, and Rachel and Joe snorted through their noses, failing completely in their attempts not to laugh out loud. 
So it begins. Rachel told me.
Do you like my makeup, Rachel? Penny made a kissing-face at her.
Oh, you are the most beautiful girl at this wedding, for sure! Rachel told her.
We stopped walking so I could fix one of her braids, which had come loose from the bobby pin that was keeping it tightly wrapped in a circle and firmly stuck to the back of her head. 
Ow, Brynna! 
I apologize, Penelope! Run along, miniature Violet Mae.
I am not Violet Mae! I am Penelope Sylvia! Penny told me, and she stuck her tongue out at me jokingly. Of course, I returned the look. 
Oh, here he comes!
Violet was walking behind me with Alice and Quinn. Nick was coming towards us, beaming brightly, holding a rose, his green eyes glowing in the evening sunlight.
Oh, its like The Bachelor! Rachel exclaimed, tugging on Joes shirt sleeve excitedly. Look at you, Brad Womack!
Who? Nick asked with a chuckle.
Never mind. You look good, kid! She told him, and he gave a little bow, which caused Violet to giggle nearly uncontrollably as she wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed him more passionately than I was comfortable with observing. I looked at Rachel, pulling a face that she mimed. 
The PDA is going to make Brynn burst into flames. Keep it under control, kiddies! Joe informed them, and Nick and Violet broke apart.
You look beautiful. I heard him say to her. 
Thanks. Her cheeks flushed scarlet under the pink blush she had used, and her gleaming, pink-lipped smile grew wider. So do you. She laughed, covering her mouth lightly so as not to smear her makeup. I mean, you look handsome? Thats a bit outdated. You look debonair.
Thats not outdated?! He asked her, and they both laughed as they walked arm-in-arm. Either way, I thank you.
Stop! Alice exclaimed to Quinn behind me, You better dance the night away with me, sir, or you will be sleeping outside. Not in the guest room. Not on the sofa. Outside. Like a puppy who chews the furniture.
Oh, man! You know I hate dancing. What if they make us do the Electric Slide?
That is when well go get a drink. A strong drink. Come on, you know I hate the Electric Slide. Remember at homecoming how we sent Ty up to sabotage the DJ when he turned it on?
Oh my God! I had totally forgotten about that! Good thing he DJ-ed all those events at your church, or else he never would have been able to spare us the pain of the Electric Slide.
And the Locomotion.
And the Chicken Dance.
God, our school was lame.
I know!
I heard them kiss behind me, watched as Nick and Violet kissed again, and saw that even Penny seemed to have a date: she and Idan were walking arm-in-arm, waving to people as though in a parade. Clearly, they were mimicking the adults they saw walking linked together. 
But if Idan was near, then that meant
By the one God, you are a vision in black, Brynna Olivier.
As usual, his sudden appearance startled me to a point that I jumped and whipped around. Besides the fact that he was sneakier than a crouching, ready-to-pounce-on-prey lion, my newly diagnosed PTSD was also to blame for my jitteriness.
I must start approaching you from the front. He told me, and Rachel and Joe moved away from us discreetly, both grinning. For some reason, they loved to speculate that Adam and I were secretly a couple, despite their vast love of James. 
And you are a vision in your black suit, Adam Whatever-Your-Last-Name-Is.
You truly do not know my surname? How interesting
He extended his arm to me, and I took it, rolling my eyes slightly.
You will provoke many stares this evening. I hope you are prepared for it. My ancient heart nearly stopped at the sight of you.
You are exaggerating shamelessly.
I most certainly am not! Your beauty has always astounded me, and I always thought you perfect, but tonight He looked at me as we walked, You are far beyond perfect.
As if I am the prettiest person here. Look, there is Michelle, who everyone says is the living embodiment of Aphrodite. She also allegedly enjoys having wild, frivolous intercourse much like Circe.
Adam actually laughed loudly at that, causing many curious glances to come our way. Upon finding that Adam and I were walking together arm-in-arm, the curious glances turned to ravenous stares; those people were hungry for new gossip always, and those urges to spread exciting news before anyone else could spread it first were being fed by the sight of Adam and me together.
Well, she does not possess the wit and wisdom of Athena, or the maternal nature of Artemis, or, when necessary, the shrewd cunning of Hera.
Are you attempting to insinuate that my mind is more important to you than my looks? Are you attempting to convey that it is what is on the inside that counts more so than what is on the outside? That is perhaps the most trite lesson ever taught.
It is, so luckily that is not what I was saying. He replied, I am saying you are all of them, my dear. You are above them. Do you think that I give the affectionate name my beauty to just anyone?
I am sure that you have given it to Janna.
Certainly not! Are you mad, woman? Her I call my bane.
I covered my mouth as I chuckled, realizing that we had reached the front row, where I would be sitting with Penny, Violet, Nick, Quinn, Alice, Rachel, and Joe. 
Things have been strained between us since you learnt of my marriage to Janna. I do apologize for deceiving you. They worsened after I displayed so openly my anger with my son the other night. His rough palm rested on my smooth cheek, and his thumb gently stroked my skin. I am sorry for that, as well. When I heard that he was coveting your dear sisters affections, my desire to protect the two of you overruled my paternal love for him. But I hope to make amends for both of those wrongs. I have missed our chiding banter very much.
A soft smile turned my lips up at the corners, and I saw myself through his eyes because his physical contact with me led me easily into his thoughts. A light had flickered to life in my eyes when I smiled, gleaming gently out at him. The shadowy makeup around my eyes amplified the color of my eyes, putting it in perfectly stark contrast with the darkness of my dress. When he had said he was astounded by my beauty, that he saw me as being more beautiful than all the others, he had not been lying; in fact, he had been downplaying just how riveted and mystified he was by my physical attractiveness, and how riveted and mystified he was by his attraction to me.
I, on the other hand, was riveted and mystified by how he could be so attracted. He was so powerful, and though I certainly was powerful, there were many others far more beautiful than I.
How he lets you think such things He murmured somewhat angrily, his green eyes burning into mine. How he lets you believe that you are not p
He stopped, moved his hand from my face, and looked away for a moment.
I do apologize. He leaned in and kissed my cheek. Have a blessed evening tonight, Brynna. You deserve one. With that, he was gone, moving fluidly through the room to greet Tony and Tom, who had arrived at separate entrances. 
What in the world was that about? Rachel asked, grabbing my arm and snapping me out of my slightly woozy and flustered but oddly pleasant daze.
We just talked.
No, that was not just talking.
Somehow, they managed to dim the torches, and we all began to sit down.
I will tell you later. It is starting.
We were all startled by the loud, shrill cry of the organ in the back of the room. After the initial shock wore off, we all stood to see Tony and Tom entering the hall, their arms linked. They smiled out at everyone and grasped the hands of those who reached out to them. They were the first Earthean couple to be married on Pangaea, and in our little world, that honor made them celebrities. 
The ceiling was hung with streamers of white and green flowers, which had been specifically requested by the happy couple, because those were the colors of their favorite sports team back home. The pew-like benches were hung with the same streamers. At the end of the aisle, Adam stood in front of a beautiful fountain that glimmered with the light of the fireflies inside the hanging jars all around him.
Before turning around to continue watching Tony and Tom end their walk down the aisle, my eyes scanned the crowd for James, almost by reflex, for whatever reason. They did not find him immediately, but then, so many were in attendance, it would be next to impossible to pick him out of the large crowd. But after turning my head so I could continue to watch Tony and Tom, I saw him, standing beside Adam, though it was obvious that they were pointedly avoiding looking at one another. 
He is the best man. I whispered, thinking that no one could hear me, but Rachel had.
Of course he is. You know how James saved Toms life.
During the raid on the campsite during which Quinn was stabbed straight through the stomach, Tom found himself within the direct line of fire by a very angry Old Spirit. Just as the gun fired, he said, James tackled him around the middle, and after regaining their ability to breathe after such a hard tumble, they easily took down the man who had shot at Tom. After that, they had become very good friends. I knew Tony from the kitchen, and we were both thrilled to learn that our significant others had met and got along so well. 
Never has there been a more odd opportunity for double dating: the not-as-creepy pseudo-Lolita pairing, and the two gays. Tony had said one day as we prepared dinner.
I think I might shorten that to The Lolita Pairing and the Gays, and we will then have our very own reality show. Or perhaps a Broadway musical. I had replied.
God, I miss Broadway. I am such a fucking stereotype.
Stop! I had exclaimed, as I laughed hysterically.
We always had silly conversations like that.
My beloved erstwhile boyfriend had always been a tad thick when it came to fashion, save for the debonair designer suit that he was wearing the night I met him. The rest of the time, he was a jeans and T-shirt, or jeans and button-up kind of guy, which suited me just fine. However, when there was need to dress differently than that standard protocol, he would require my assistance. One day, after Rachel, Violet, Alice, Tony, the rest of the cooking staff, and I stayed up all night preparing a particularly amazing spread of food for a change of season celebration at the house, he had slunk down early in the morning before the rest of the house had arisen, snuck in the back door of the kitchen, and asked me quite abashedly if his clothes matched. His clothes had matched, but I had been besieged by sudden fits of laughter for the rest of the morning. 
However, despite my absence, James had picked a suit that fit him perfectly, emphasizing his muscles just enough and bringing out the color in his eyes, despite the fact that the suit was black. His hair was perfectly gelled in that stylized mess I was so used to seeing. His beard was trimmed back down to just a goatee and five o clock shadow again, and I found myself questioning exactly how he was able to trim it that way, though I assumed it was just some skill that most men honed as they aged. His eyes were scanning the crowd, sensing, perhaps, that many were staring at him, and when I looked over my shoulder, I did see quite a few women and men gawking at him. A woman three over in the row from me was thinking how very stupid I was for letting such a delicious man go. I scowled over at her, opening my mouth to say that it was none of her business, and that if she wanted to insinuate that I was stupid, she was doing so at her own risk. But Rachels hand grasped mine.
All I can see is lust and envy in her heart. Dont pay her any mind. Look, here comes Mrs. Rose.
Tonys mother, whom we all simply called Mrs. Rose, as though she were a house mother in a sorority (and that analogy was very befitting of her personality) was his matron of honor, and I waved to her when our eyes met. She smiled and waved back. 
Say hi to Mrs. Rose. I whispered to Penny, and Penny waved, too, receiving the same warm smile that I had received a moment earlier.
James! Penny whispered, when she saw him, and when his eyes met hers, she waved ecstatically, beaming from ear to ear, as they say. He smiled at her and gestured kindly for her to stay quiet and sit down. She mimed locking her lips and throwing away the key, something I had not seen since the early nineties when I was a child, but she was still smiling. His smile grew, too, but it faded slightly when he looked at me. 
I looked away, flushing red, wondering if I looked as tired as I felt all of a sudden. Perhaps it was his anger at me that had caused his smile to falter. Perhaps he missed me. I could not be totally sure, but I was reasonable positive that the last option was not the correct one. Honestly, he was more than likely furious that I had left him in great discomfort after prematurely ending his hand job. I smiled to myself when I thought about it; it was such a horrible thing to have done to him, but God, he deserved it.
You may be seated. Adam said, and we all sat back down in our seats. We have gathered here on this day to accompany our two friends, Thomas and Anthony, at the beginning of their long journey of matrimony. On this day that is blessed by the one God, we shall pay witness to their exchange of vows and rings, vows that speak to each of us, reminding us of the power of love, tolerance, fidelity, truth, and honesty 
On the last three words, Adams head turned ever so slightly in Jamess direction, and that slight movement was not lost on James; he scowled darkly, his jaw clenching. 
And rings that symbolize the circle that is made never-ending by the strength of those five universal and eternal values. You may present the rings.
Vows were said, and they were so beautifully written that there was not a dry eye in the house, it seems, save for my own. Rings were exchanged, and they glinted perfectly in the light from the fireflies. Despite my eyes being dry, I never lost the smile that had formed on my face the moment Tony and Tom had begun to speak. Weddings brought out the little romantic in each of us, creating a soaring, swooning caress of warmth and idealism within ones heart, making us yearn for the day when we could love someone so much that an eternity with them did not only seem possible but was actually what we wanted more than anything else in the world. One would either gaze lovingly at his or her partner, remembering the day they had joined together in marriage or envisioning the day when they would, or one would smile somewhat sadly at the memory of ones own union from a time that had long since passed, as Savannah was doing, or one would stare at their erstwhile boyfriend or girlfriend, who had sworn off the entire premise of marriage from the very beginning, but then one would say that she did not care, because she did not believe in it or need it either, and she and her boyfriend were not together, anyway
But still, I could feel happiness for my friends. I could not help but embrace a little idealism, though I was not sure on what exactly my rose-colored glasses were shining. 
I find it hilarious that we were all under the impression that they didnt have any modern technology here. They dont have as much as we did, but they have enough, dont they? 
What?! I heard a man shout to his friend over the thumping sound of the drums and bass that were being amplified by the speaker he was standing beside.
The band was playing Earthean songs spanning several decades and genres, and everyone was dancing joyfully. I was watching as Penny danced with Idan, and Violet danced with Nick, and Alice danced with Quinn. After several long moments of watching, I slunk off, taking a rolled cigarette from a tray that had been laid out; apparently, now that people could not die of cancer, cigarettes had become a party favor. 
After stepping outside, I approached the outdoor bar and sat down.
What can I get you, Ms. Vice President? 
Oh, Ethan I sighed heavily, I appreciate that title, but I do believe that Don is Vice President of our little country. Actually, Janna might be. I think, if anything, Im the Treasury Secretary, or something.
Who put you in charge of our money? Ethan asked.
That was a poor analogy. I suppose that I am the Press Secretary. Or I am a Senator.
Youll always be the Vice President to me, Brynna Olivier.
Well, thank you.
Now, come on. Let me mix you a drink to go with that cigarette.
Give her one of those Sangrias, and put it on my tab. 
Ethan grinned and turned around to make my drink. I turned my rotating bar stool around to face James, who had just sat down on the stool beside me.
I dont actually have a tab. He told me, I just really wanted to say that.
Why?
I dont know. It felt very James Bond-esque.
It was a little James Bond-like, I will agree I replied with a slight nod. I thanked Ethan when he put the drink down in front of me but could have cursed him when he slunk off to give James and me time alone.
How are you, Brynna? James asked me, and though he was looking at me, I was trying to focus my eyes anywhere else but on him.
You did not gather that information all those times I answered you when you asked me that? In front of the house, when you were picking up or dropping off Penny?
You said you were fine. So, you are still fine? Is that a better question? Does your state of being fine persist? He reached out to take the lighter from my hand so he could light my cigarette, but I pulled my hand away so I could do it myself. Sorry.
Do not be sorry. So, did you choose that ensemble you are wearing all by yourself?
I did. Well, actually, a very nice Pangaean seamstress aided me, I will admit. But I chose the suit and shirt, she helped me with the tie and the shoes. This whole thing was a little expensive, though. I traded my watch and several buckets of crops. 
How many is several?
Like, four. Maybe five.
Wow. You have been working hard.
Well, what else could I do? I needed something to take my mind off of you, didnt I?
And Janna couldnt do that for you? I shot at him suddenly so I could judge his initial reaction. His cool demeanor did not falter. A slight smile turned his mouth up at the corners, and he took a slow, labored sip from his glass.
I havent seen her once since I moved out, actually. And besides, no one takes my mind off of things better than you, my dear. 
Oh, flattery. A very crafty maneuver out of a tight, tricky space, James Maxwell. You always rely on flattery to get what you want from me, and it so rarely works.
But it answered your question, didnt it? You know I havent seen her. Well, Ive seen her, but I havent said a word to her. What about Adam? I saw you two going into Town Hall the other day. You left together, too.
Okay, stalker. I said.
I wasnt stalking you. I was working on Ezras farm right across from Town Hall. So I saw you two walking.
Yes. Walking. Not walking and holding hands. Not stopping our trek to kiss or caress or whatever else you were no doubt dreading seeing.
I was not
I saw it in your mind! You didnt think I knew you were there, but I could see how afraid you were that we had gotten together. Now, I suppose, you know how I feel.
Ive always known how you feel about this, Brynna. I know how badly I hurt you. I screwed up royally. Ive said it a million times. He moved closer to me and cautiously took my hand. I didnt pull away. Its been one hundred and five days. I looked at him, surprised. What, you didnt think I would count? I tried not to, believe me. But every day, it was like a reflex; I just added another day. I know, its pathetic. But Im so used to you. The contrast between how things were and how they are now is actually kind of startling. How could I ignore it?
If you are trying to drop into the conversation your request to move back home, please just do it.
Never. He leaned over, For it is not my place, dear madam. Never could it be my place to inquire of a lady when her wrath shall end, and the exact time at which I may return to thine living quarters and my side of the royal bed, which is so perfectly broken in
It is. I replied, Granted, it killed my back when I slept there, but it is much softer than my side of the bed. I had replied almost out of a reflex, not realizing that I had just betrayed however slightly how very much I missed him. Quickly, I tried to divert his attention away from what I had said. So, what have you been up to?
Working. Everyone wants to hunt down the Old Spirits and end this, especially Adams people. And yet were stuck doing farm work, or training for a fight that doesnt seem like it is ever going to happen.
He said it in a way that was almost aggressive, as though I was partially responsible, given my position.
Well, until a plan with a chance of success above ten percent is formulated, we will be remaining here. Regrouping and refocusing. Readjusting.
Did you just give me a statement? He asked me incredulously as he tried to fight the grin that was struggling to spread across his face. That was a legitimate statement! Youre treating me like press.
You are treating me like you are part of the press. Did you not just insinuate that I am keeping you bloodthirsty, vengeance-seeking security hounds from zipping off to the north, killing every man, woman, and child, and then returning home with news that the war is over and our lives can finally begin? 
I never said that. Youre putting words in my
Everyone wants to hunt down the Old Spirits. We are stuck doing farm work, or training for a fight that doesnt seem like it is ever going to happen. Who assigns you to farm work or training? Don does. Who are you blaming for your unsatisfying daily activities? Don. Who is Dons second-in-command? Who makes the decision that you all should be doing farm work and training? Don and me.
You two are thick as thieves now, I see. He replied after a minute of silence during which he had just stared at me, his expression blank, and his feelings on my speech completely indiscernible. The alcohol was beginning to melt my mind into a not unpleasant haze. Despite the new heaviness of my body, my mouth ran even more quickly than it normally did, which was quite a feat.
That clich does not fit. Thick as thieves implies friendship. Camaraderie. Nights spent gossiping or drinking beers or both. An investment on my part in the problems that Don faces in his disgustingly perverted personal life. What he and I have, and what he, Adam, and I have, is a professional relationship in which the three of us discuss, debate, and haggle over how to handle the enormous task of managing thousands of people and a humongous forest village. At the same time, we have to constantly fear a strike from the Old Spirits. What I have for them is respect. What I respect is our ability to make the decisions that are in the best interest of the group. What I respect is our ability to accept the opinions of those who have been appointed to a makeshift council. So, please, do not complain to me as though I will suddenly run off and tell Adam and Don that a counterstrike must be taken tonight.
He was silent, and I tilted my glass back, throwing all pretense out the window by taking huge gulps, hoping the burning liquid would drown out my new, very intense, very overdramatic agitation. Looking at him literally pained me; the threat of tears choked me. I missed him. I wanted him to come home. But I was so angry, and more importantly, I didnt trust him anymore. Worst of all, I feared that I never would trust him again.
Baby Baby! Brynna! He took the glass from me, but it was already empty. God, Im going to build you a boat and sew you a freaking eye-patch if you keep drinking like that!
If you are suggesting that I was drinking like a sailor, then mentioning an eye patch is somewhat ridiculous. A sailor is not necessarily a pirate, though a pirate is a sailor.
Well, whatever the technicalities, that is going to hit you like a bomb in about ten minutes. Youre smoking again?
I had been in the process of lighting another cigarette.
Not because of you. Please, do not assume that my status as a smoker being reinstated has anything to do with you. My speech was beginning to slur, and I was having a hard time focusing on the end of my cigarette as I struggled to bring the match up to light it. James held my hand steady and guided it so the flame finally touched the end of the cigarette. Then, he took one from the pack and lit it up.
Teamwork. He said with a slight smile. He turned his head to exhale smoke and then looked back at me. I purposely was not making eye contact with him. The alcohol, which I had hoped would numb my aggravation, had actually loosened the tightly wound hive in which my most acidic anger and my deepest sadness were kept burrowed away. Tears were beginning to leak into my eyes, and my only hope now to stop them was nicotine.
Are you having fun at this wedding?
I was until you showed up, honestly.
Do you want me to go?
No. I answered instantly, emphatically, before stumbling over my words as I tried to say something else. I mean, do what you want. I dont care. Goodness, I probably said that to you before, and you did go and do what you wanted. You went and did Janna, didnt you? Fucking Janna I shook my head back and forth. So beautiful, isnt she? Such a perfectly angular face and her damn long, painted nails, and her perfectly straight raven hair. So stupid!
Is she really all that?
Oh, do not even pretend like she is not. Do not even pretend like you have not noticed.
Of course I noticed, but it didnt matter to me. He squeezed my hand again. It was stupid, what I did. I know it hurt you.
Please stop trying to have a heart-to-heart with me. I do believe that I am slowly becoming more and more intoxicated, and if you start trying to apologize again, I will have to run away, and then I will fall, and it will not be funny!
Not at all? You wouldnt laugh a little bit?
No! I snapped, shaking my head. I need to go home. It is late. I need to take Penny home.
I was just dancing with Penny. When I left to find you, she was tearing up that dance floor with Adams son and her two friends from next door. You will never tear her away, my love. Come on. Stand up. He took my hand and gently pulled me onto my feet. I swayed slightly, and for a moment, my head spun in complete circles. My hands grabbed onto him unsurely, while his held me up resolutely; I could not believe for even a second that I was going to fall to the ground. 
Whenever Im alone with you / You make me feel like I am whole again
This is my jam. I told James, As Violet says. Violet says its my jam. No, Violet says quote its my jam, not that this song is my jam
 He was clearly trying very hard not to burst into hysterical laughter, but alas, he could not suppress it. For several seconds, he laughed, trying hard not to let it get too out of control. Then he pulled me so that I was trailing a few steps behind him, spun me around so that I was in front of him, and took my hand. 
Smooth, right? Go ahead, you can smile. This is like, the most romantic thing Ive ever done, and thats not good.
You dancing with me to my jam in the middle of this beautifully lighted space is not the most romantic thing youve ever done for me. 
Then what is the most romantic thing Ive ever done for you?
I looked up at the twinkling stars overhead, thinking hard.
Alright, you win. But just so you are aware, and I suppose I should say in case you didnt know this already, but I do not need grand romantic gestures. I find them irritating. And cheesy. Irratat-tingly cheesy. 
Is this irritat-tingly cheesy?
Shut up. No. This is fine. 
For several long seconds, we just swayed back and forth in silence, listening to the song. I looked up at him eventually, and almost by its own will, my hand traveled up to grasp his cheek. Almost like a reflex, or as though it was some secret code, he kissed my palm as he always did after I placed it on his face. The song ended, but I had not noticed, because I had leaned my head forward to rest against his shoulder and turned my face to bury it in his neck. His arms tightened around me, and mine tightened around him, and the alcohol finally unwound the hive inside me, and tears were streaking silently down my face. 
Im sorry. He told me somewhat hoarsely, and my grip on him tightened. I promise you, it will never happen again. Okay? Brynna, I promise.
I did not respond for a long time. I just held onto him, allowing myself to let go of that anger, knowing that one day I might suffer for forgiving him, but forgiving him nonetheless. I gave him that millionth chance, it seemed, that last chance, because I loved him, and because I would want someone to give it to me.
Though it is cheesy to say, life really is all a gamble of chances, given and received. In this particular instance, I could have let him go, and as a result ached for him all my life, thinking that maybe, just maybe, he could have earned my forgiveness and trust again, or I could have given him that last chance, and risk having my heart broken completely by him again. As you may have gathered by now, I thrived on risk; I chose it always.
Okay.
We dragged Penny away from the party, and James ended up carrying her home. By the time he had laid her in her bed, she was sound asleep. When we fell into our bed a few minutes after tucking her in, we were so tired that even getting out of our dress clothes proved to be a nearly insurmountable challenge. I turned over onto my side, and he unzipped my dress for me. I unhooked my bra, and he unbuttoned his dress shirt and pants. We threw our discarded items of clothing onto the floor unceremoniously and fell back against the pillows. I laid on my side, lifting my torso up so he could put one arm under it; the other he draped over me. Both of my hands held onto his arms, and that warmth filled me up, almost more powerfully than it ever had, or perhaps I had just gone so long without feeling it that it felt more intense. 
I am going to be very sick in the morning.
He raised his head to kiss my cheek softly.
And Ill take care of you.
Before he laid the side of his face back against the side of mine, I turned back and kissed him. For a long time, we kissed, and when his hand ran gently up my thigh, up my side, over my shoulder, up my neck, and rested on my face as his lips moved against mine so gently, that warmth was joined by a strong tingling sensation from the place where he was touching me throughout my entire body. 
I know you will.
***

As she did many other nights when there was a particularly loud thunderstorm, Penny squeezed her way in between James and me and lifted my arm so she could drape it over herself after she had laid her head on my chest. Then, she took Jamess arm and laid it over her, too. 
You okay, honey? I heard James murmur to her sleepily.
Yeah.
The next morning, I awoke before both of them, before sunrise, as always, thinking seriously about the war. I believed, perhaps naively, that Adam had reached at least a lower level of peace with humans roaming on his land. I would not be modest and say that my relationship with him had nothing to do with that peace. Perhaps if I just asked him to let us make peace with the Old Spirits, we could just forget the war. They could stay in the north, and we could stay in the south. Perhaps one day we would even be able to coexist.
For a very brief moment, I found myself smiling at the thought of it. The weight of impending battle had hung over us for so long that I had stopped noticing the exhaustion it left in my body and mind. The trepidation of another attack, coupled with the memories of not only how many wars there had been in the history of our earth but how long they had continued and how many lives had been lost, left me in a state of at least mild alarm at all times. My heartbeat never slowed. I never stopped trying to sense the arrival of our enemies. I never stopped trying to think of ways we could swiftly take them down. 
And on that note, I never stopped debating whether or not taking them all down was right. 
Just as I began to envision a world where there was no next battle, no animosity between our camps, where there were only people living their daily lives in complete normalcy and perhaps even in contentment, I remembered how James had said that so many people were itching to fight. Even if I could convince Adam, could I convince our people that it was time to lay down our arms and live in peace?
You have your pensive face on. James said quietly, and I startled, not realizing he had been awake. 
I dont. I was just thinking.
Which would make the expression on your face appear to be pensive. He grinned when I scowled jokingly at him. Whats on your mind? Are you okay?
Yes, I am okay. I replied with a sigh. Just thinking.
You said that.
I know. Did you hear that storm last night?
I did. Someone must have been really pissed.
Do you think? I asked, my eyes widened slightly at the thought that someone had been so enraged that a thunderstorm so large could be conjured.
No. He replied, It was humid yesterday. Wow, you are really on edge this morning.
I know. It is just because I was
just thinking. He filled in for me.
If I tell you what I was contemplating, you will be angry, and now that I have said that, I cannot keep it to myself, so here it goes. I turned over on my side. I think we should make peace with the Old Spirits.
His eyebrows raised and wrinkled slightly in disbelief.
And the only way that we will be able to do that is if I convince Adam that we should make peace with them.
I narrowed my eyes, entering his mind right after those words left my mouth because I knew that he would deny any ill feeling about them when we were so newly and blissfully reconciled. All I got were the words registering and the first acknowledgment of the shock he felt at hearing them. Then, he carefully maneuvered around so Penny was lying on his pillow and jumped up.
Im going to make some coffee. You want some?
I followed after him.
You are going to pretend that I did not just say that? I asked somewhat irritably. 
Yup. He replied simply as he set about making a fire to boil water and getting the beans out of the airtight container so he could grind them.
Would you really keep me from potentially ending this war, in which hundreds, perhaps thousands of lives, some, if not most, innocent
He was grinding the beans somewhat more forcefully than he normally did. 
Do you feel alright? Are you nauseous at all? He asked me. Headache? Dizzy? Anything?
James! I grasped his arm and turned him around. You are acting like an angry housewife right now. 
He grasped my face and kissed me softly.
I know I dont have any right to be jealous or angry after what I did, but Adam is a sore spot for me. You know that. Its not because I think youre doing anything. Its not that I think you would fall for it if he was trying to woo you, or whatever you want to call it. Its that I know he is going to try.
And if you would have let me finish my question, I would have said that your ill feelings towards Adam could potentially get in the way of saving thousands of lives. Plus, I work with him every day. What do you want me to do, compromise our efforts to accomplish things by giving him the cold shoulder?
Of course not. I just I dont even know what I want. His hands encircled my waist, and he pulled me closer to him. Just ignore me, baby.
I wrapped my arms around his neck.
You said you trust me. I am slowly starting to trust you again. If I can trust you, you should be able to trust me around him. James, this has to end. There is no point to it. And people wont agree at first. Goodness knows we all have our issues with wanting to take vengeance into our own hands. But if Adam calls this off, then we can all just live.
Youre right. He told me. Youre absolutely right.
He wanted to tell me that Adam would never call it off, but he quickly decided that it would be better for me to see that myself than for him to tell me. I could not trust any cynicism on his part when it came to Adam. I knew that his immense disliking of him was the sole reason for him being able to see my new acquaintance (or friend, or almost lover, whatever he was) in the most unfavorable light possible.
Just let me try to end this, even if it is only so I can say later that I tried. Okay?
His hands rested on my face again, and he kissed me quickly.
Of course, baby.
***

After commencing another meeting in which we discussed extensively a counterstrike on the Bachums, I approached Adam. Closing the door to his office behind me, I opened my mouth to speak, only to be interrupted by him before I could get out a single word.
I can sense that something is troubling you. If Maxwell is giving you a hard time, I would be more than happy to sort him out in a most violent manner. My sources tell me that you two have reconciled.
That will not be necessary, and tell your sources that if I ever catch them in the act of spying on me, they will cease to be. I told him without even a smile. Everything is finally beginning to shape up quite nicely for us.
I heard him laugh softly to himself but chose to ignore it.
I have to talk to you about something else. 
He said something under his breath, and even though he was not looking at me, I crossed my arms over my chest, raised one eyebrow, and pursed my lips in my typical show of dangerous irritation. He turned around to face me, and his smile faltered for a moment, but not because he was afraid that at any moment, I might begin to wring him dry with a scathingly vitriolic tirade. Instead, his eyes glazed over for a second, and he breathed out deeply. Quickly, he diverted his eyes, trying to cover whatever it was that needed covering. 
I have to stop standing like that. I said, shaking my head in incredulous irritation. All of you men, you are all the same. For some strange reason, my angry battle stance is arousing.
For a moment, I swore that he looked slightly chagrined, maybe because I had caught him at all or maybe because I had called him on it. But then, he smiled slightly.
Arousing does not even begin to describe it, my dear. Now please, we are both taking the high road when it comes to our unfaithful partners, so let us keep talking. Otherwise, I will be unable to resist the feeling that took hold of me when you stood so aggressively, and I might just throw you over this desk.
Adam! I exclaimed, looking at him with widened eyes but struggling to fight a small smile. I have never heard such untoward talk from you!
I know. I do apologize. He leaned back against the desk and grasped my hand. You look utterly perfect today, and I am allowing that to get the better of me. I do not know why you have not called me on my hypocrisy yet; I am the one who told you we must keep our relationship strictly platonic.
Well, I have just about had it with calling out the hypocrisy of those around me. I wanted to talk to you about the war.
Oh, you did not get enough of that gloomy talk today during debates? I notice that you have taken a more peaceful stance today. You seem to be grasping a new philosophy of peaceful resolution, which I find most interesting. Please, tell me from where and for what reason this new stance has arisen.
It has arisen because I think that this war needs to end. We need to put an end to it.
He looked at me with the most charming look of confusion. He was genuinely puzzled as to whether or not I was joking. 
Let me clarify that I am being very serious. We should go to the north, tell the Old Spirits that we are willing to live in peace with them if they are able to do the same with us, and then get on with our lives.
For a long moment, he looked at me. Then, he chuckled softly to himself before saying simply:
No.
Why not? I demanded, immediately going on the defensive. What purpose does this war serve at this point? Originally, you wanted only one of our groups living here because then there would be less humans breathing your pure, clean air and stomping on your untarnished, perfect land. Plus, hundreds, if not thousands, of your enemies would be killed by us, and several of our number would be killed by them. 
Yes.
Well now, I like to think that you are a little more comfortable with the idea of us being here.
Yes.
So, what is the point of this now? Why can we not all coexist? Why do we have to lose countless numbers of people in a war that was started by you and can easily be ended by you?
You think the Old Spirits will leave this war willingly? Honestly, Brynna, you believe they share your desire for a quick, peaceful end? You think they do not enjoy the allowance to inflict pain and take lives that this conflict affords them?
I think that they will be hesitant, but that if we make a strong argument, they will agree to end this conflict. Honestly, I believe that. If we tell them that we will stay away from them as long as they promise to do the same
And those people up there who followed Rich and Mary Bachum because they did not know what else to do? My people who were taken in by Tyres skillful manipulations, what of them? Do we leave them to be so terribly abused by their leadership? Do we leave them to suffer what their leaders believe is righteous punishment?
Frankly, he trumped me with that question. Of course we could not leave them all up there, the women and their children who were so abused, the families that wanted to leave. But then, on Earth, our problem was that we had pried so aggressively into business that was not ours. For over thirty years, we had been involved in a war that had started over our inability to stay out of foreign conflicts. If we had just left those several sparring countries alone, we might have avoided the inevitable final catastrophe. If we had not dragged other countries into the conflict, we might have never seen an Earth-encompassing nuclear holocaust. Perhaps if everyone had just left everyone alone
Women were second-class citizens in the Old Spirit camp. They were abused and tormented by males. They were traded like cattle. A two-part caste system was enforced, and it was simple as pie, as they say: Men on top, women on the bottom. Could I, the self-proclaimed mad feminist, who believed in basic human rights being guaranteed to every human and human-like creature, turn the other cheek, as they say? Could I deny and subsequently ignore their suffering? Could I do nothing to help those in need? 
I could not decide definitively an answer to that terrible, heavy question, so I diverted the negative attention from me to him.
Is that really why you are fighting this war, Adam? I asked, and my skepticism was plain, For them?
You do not believe that I could fight a war such as this for something charitable? You believe that I must be motivated by say, natural resources, diamonds I can use as currency, drugs I can peddle to my people to keep them docile, or food that has been rendered extinct by my own stupid mistakes? Perhaps I might even fight a war to steal soil from other countries, because my own will no longer support life?
You are taking what I suggested and using it as a means to apply the crimes of my mother to me.
I am not charging you with those crimes. I am merely lashing out at you after you asked in such a tone of icy disbelief if I was fighting a war for the oppressed. Let me tell you a very quick, very sad tale that might stay rooted at the forefront of your consciousness for many days: I once knew a man, a very powerful man, who had a younger sister. She was He smiled and shook his head slightly, as he lit a candle in his office, She was the most beautiful young girl most had ever seen. She was also very bright, possessing a perfect balance of wisdom and intelligence. Many were in awe of her mind as well as her beauty, her brother amongst them. From the time they were small children, he protected her fiercely, ready to kill on her behalf, but only on her behalf. So, the sister fell in love with an older man, and this older man happened to be the powerful mans greatest friend. Great, thought the powerful man, He will care deeply for her. He is a good man. So the powerful man toiled about, doing things that he hoped would change his world for the better. Over that time, he noticed little, but one thing stood out: his friend was beginning to adhere more and more to the brutal old ways of God. He began to quote directly from the Sacred Word, and it merely annoyed the powerful man but did not concern him deeply. The one thing he did not notice, but he should have, was that his sister, normally so outspoken, so energetic and unyielding in her views, so brilliant, was becoming quiet, reserved, distant. Later, a row ensued between the powerful man and the older man, and the sister, now married to the older man, left with him. Why? Because he is my husband, and my husband is my Love and my Law. Old-world Gods words. An old-world God in whom this powerful man and his sister were not raised to believe. In fact, they were raised to scoff at that Gods words, to pity those who followed it. The sister, especially, had always been adamant about keeping the farthest distance from that God as was possible, and yet her husband broke her of those opinions. Of all opinions, actually. So, they left, and the powerful man was so furious that he did not go after his sister. Word came that she was being abused by her husband. That all women were. And later, when she came begging for help He lit another candle, and in the light that burned from it, I could have sworn that I saw a single tear in each of his eyes, he turned her away. Because of his pride, he sent her back to her husband, and her husband, the devout man that he is, punished her for betraying him to his enemy and for breaking their codes of feminine obedience in a three day public spectacle of pain and degradation, and all throughout it, it is said He stopped for a very long time, and I walked around the desk, wanting to take his hand and tell him it was alright to stop, but he pulled his hand away before I could grasp it and moved around the desk away from me. It is said that she cried for her brother. After she died, her husband left her body hanging in his village for two weeks. As an example, he said, of what will occur when wives disobey their husbands and turn from the noble cause their husbands have taken up in the name of the old-world One God.
 Adam I said softly.
I do not need to tell you that this story is true, or that it was my sister who was murdered, displayed as a traitor, and denied a proper burial or burning. I went to retrieve her body from him. I ordered him to hand her over so she could be buried or burned properly. Otherwise, I feared, her soul would never cross over. Her pure, untainted, perfect soul would never join the true One God. He would not give her to me. My sister was never buried, but I know that her soul is safe.
It is just her body. 
I remembered him saying those words to me about Maura. Before he could move away again, I rested both of my hands on one of his shoulders and then laid my head on them. To even do that, I had to stand on my tiptoes because he was so tall. When I turned my head up so that my chin was rested on my hands, I was gripped by the strong urge to kiss his cheek over and over again, and in between each kiss, to whisper to him that I was so sorry, that I knew no words could absolve his pain, that I understood it perfectly Instead, I opted only to offer useless condolences, with none of the other aforementioned showings of emotional support and concern that were bred from my still-alive romantic attachment to him.
I am very sorry about your sister.
I thank you for that. He looked at me, and I did not break my gaze away from his stunning eyes, even though the sadness I saw there truly broke my heart. Do you not see now why this must be done? She made the decision herself to go with him, but he would not allow her to leave when she was afraid and wanted to return to me so I could protect her. Do you see now, also, why I am so distrustful of Maxwell? His finger ran along my jawline, and my eyes raised to meet his when only a moment before, they had dropped at his mention of James. Do you see why I am so protective of you? I could not bear to see it happen twice to two people I hold so very dearly to me. 
James is not like Tyre, Adam. I told him softly, He is not. I know that you do not trust him, but you must trust me when I say that he is a good man.
Perhaps. But I know, because I have seen, that he possesses qualities very similar to Tyre: envy, wrath, a tongue that can easily lie and manipulate
But he is not evil. He could never do to me what Tyre did to your sister.
Adam grasped my face for a moment.
I pray he could not, for both of your sakes. Now hurry home, my beauty. The hour is growing late, and I am sure your dear Penny is anxiously awaiting your return.
I nodded and began to turn away. But before I left, an outburst of affection and sympathy for him made me throw my arms around his strong upper body and squeeze. A soft, quick chuckle escaped him, and I smiled slightly in response to it, knowing that he was returning to his normal state of cool, collected calm already. His arms tightened around me quickly for a moment. 
Do not pity me, Brynna. My dear Clara passed many, many years ago. Before you or your parents had been created by the One God. I have grieved for her and will for all of my years. But the pain is dull now. So do not worry yourself on my account.
That affection and sympathy welled inside of me even more intensely; for a quick, fleeting second, I pressed my lips to his, and if I had wanted to stop myself before I did it, I would not have been able to. It happened so quickly, and with no thoughts warning me of the impending action. If James had seen it, he would have more than likely called off our reconciliation. Adam seemed bemused by it, and I cannot deny that I saw in his eyes a desire to kiss me back, hard and passionately, and that is why I let go of him and left with a hurried, slightly embarrassed goodnight.
***

That night after we ate dinner and put Penny to bed, James came up behind me in the living room and rubbed my arms quickly, warming me by creating friction.
Its cold, sweetheart. You should put a shirt on.
I shook my head slightly and brought my hands up to grasp one of his that was still rested on my shoulder.
It didnt go well today? He didnt agree? He asked me delicately, because he did not want me to think that he was gloating. 
No, he didnt agree. But that is not the point. He told me something about his past that is just gnawing at me. It makes me very sad. I will not tell you, because he told me in confidence, but I understand now why we have to fight. All those women and children up there. Plus, there are men, too, I am sure, who would like to leave but cannot. We have to help them, James.
I turned around to face him, and he kissed me softly.
I know. He said, For some of them, were the only hope they have. The Old Spirits will not give those people up easily. So we have to take them away by force. Then we have to kill the instigators in order to avoid retaliation. Then its over, baby. Its just several hundred evil lives being erased by us, and then its over.
I nodded and wrapped my arms around his neck.
Hearing what Adam told me today made me so thankful for you. Despite a few hiccups, you treat me kindly. That is more than most, if not all, of those women can say up north. I am so fortunate that it was you who came for me in the bar that night and not a future Bachum supporter.
He smiled and kissed my palm after I placed it on his face.
Can you imagine me singing to the heavens with the Bachums? They would have heard my singing voice and sent us packing immediately. 
I laughed and kissed him, bringing my other hand up to rest on his face. At first, my lips just grazed over his lightly, but when his hands slid up my arms to rest lightly on my face, I pressed my lips to his a little harder. Almost by its own will, my hand moved down, and one of my fingers looped into his belt and pulled. It was almost graceful how slowly my hands undid his belt and pulled it off. His breathing was deepening, and I had not even touched him yet. Instantly, I was reminded of when we had been in the training facility, and how it had been so obvious how starved he was for me. But even then, as I felt the familiar scratchiness of his beard as his lips moved down my neck, I wondered if he had been starved for sex or starved for me. As though he had heard my thoughts (and maybe he had, though I certainly had not intended him to hear), he kissed his way from my shoulder up to my ear and whispered, Ive missed you so much And that was enough of an answer. 
With the tips of my fingers, I pushed him onto the couch. Before his back had even touched the plush black leather, I was sitting in his lap, straddling him, up on my knees, with one knee on either side of his body. I took both of his hands and placed them on me, right underneath of my butt. As though I had given him the direction out loud, he pulled me closer to him so our bodies were pressed together, and then, he kissed me, and this time, my lips parted for his tongue. His heart was racing, and I could feel him stiffening through his jeans, so I unbuttoned and unzipped them, and slid my hand into his boxers. Though he was trying to go slowly, so as not to rush me too quickly and accidentally provoke one of my panic episodes, he reached out and unzipped my sweatshirt. I let go of him for one second so he could slip it and my tank top off. As my hands reached down to grasp him again, I kissed him, even harder and more passionately than before.
Are you sure, baby? He asked me, and I nodded, looking into his light brown eyes, remembering how terribly I had missed him while he was gone. But then, as if in direct response to his question, the feeling of the cold air on my chest left me besieged by those brutal memories of what had happened in the woods. As my body began to tremble and my eyes squeezed shut, my own frustration began to berate me for being unable to let go. In his hands, my body tensed, and immediately, he began his attempt to calm me by grasping my face.
Look at me. He said gently, but my eyes were squeezed so tightly shut, I feared I would never be able to pry them open. My breathing had quickened, and my mind was flooded with air, making me grow dizzier by the second. The rip down my shirt, the thorn-covered vine, the pain, the fear, the humiliation Oh, the humiliation of it was the worst of all
Brynna, James rested his forehead against mine. Open your eyes. Look at me.
I just needed to see his face. To see that it was him with me and not those men who had so tormented me would quiet the panic within me and restore me back to a calmed and rational state. The episode would end. Slowly, my eyes opened, and I recognized in my mind that was speaking rapidly in a shaking voice that I feared opening my eyes and finding that it was not really him in front of me, that everything I had experienced since the attack had all been in my mind. It was in progress, happening in real time, and I was escaping from it with manufactured memories 
It was so ridiculous to believe such an elaborate and unlikely scenario, but I believed it. I believed it with every inch of my heart until I opened my eyes and saw James there.
Now, all the times we had tried to have sex after I had returned home had ended with me looking up at him, shaking my head, and generally, starting to cry immediately. Seeing that it was James over top of me and not one of my attackers did not solve the problem then, nor did Jamess gentle reminders that I was safely back with him and that all the trauma through which I had suffered, whatever it may have been, was over. 
And that, as it turns out, was the key: Whatever it may have been. I had not told him then what had occurred. I had been unable to confide that in him because I had been so ashamed of it. Also, the weight of what had occurred still laid so heavily inside me, to a point that I could feel it firmly rooted between my heart and my stomach; in fact, it was there in the room, firmly rooted between James and me. It was a fresh, open wound that had not yet begun to clot. It weakened me by sickening me, and I could not release it because I could not speak of what had occurred out loud. 
But I had since confided in James, and when I opened my eyes and saw him, tears did begin to fall from my eyes, but not because we had to stop. It was because he really was there, and I really was alright. I had survived, and I knew that in complete certainty after doubting it for so long.
Just as he began to speak, I closed the space between us and pressed my mouth to his, holding his face in both of my hands. When he pulled his shirt over his head, I pressed my chest against his as I kissed him, needing to feel that physical contact between my still healing, frail body and his strong, unbreakable one. I lifted my hips up so he could slide my pants and underwear off, and just before we started, we stopped kissing and looked at each other. Neither he nor I had the slightest urge to speak in that moment, for there was nothing to say. Truly, I do not know what it was that occurred there between us in that moment, but whatever it was, our hearts were calmed and focused, and my fear, humiliation, and shame were quieted. In the near-silence that they left, I was able to grab a hold of that desire for him that I felt so strongly, and in the most carnal response to it imaginable, I slid down onto him. My head tilted back, and I drew in a deep, slow breath as every inch of him filled me. When my hips began to dip down and push forward slowly and gracefully, I bit my lip, struggling to suppress my moans so as not to wake Penny.
My body ground against his; my hands squeezed his firm back; my nails dug into his skin. My face was burrowed against his neck, and he held me tightly, breathing heavily as I thrust as quickly as my body would allow (which was not very quickly, but it was enough.) It took no time at all before I was moaning a little louder and squeezing him harder, and he was expelling a deep breath, and then we were resting, me still in his lap, our sweating bodies clasped together tightly still.
It was a long time before he turned us sideways so we could lie on the couch. I was still latched to him, my head rested against his chest. I took a moment just to breathe him in before I said anything. When I looked up at him, he kissed me slowly, gently, his fingers entwining themselves with mine. 
Are you okay? He asked me.
I nodded, smiling when I looked up at him.
I am so glad that finally happened. I said, and he laughed softly to himself.
You and me both. He looked alarmed for a second, before he began to cover what he assumed was a statement that offended me. Not that I was upset that we werent for a while, but Im just
I know what you meant, honey. I said, Cool your jets.
He laughed softly and kissed me again.
All that excitement thinking that I am misunderstanding you, you will give yourself a heart attack. I told him. 
Do I look like I could have a heart attack? Me? The guy who has been nicknamed Captain America by his peers on security detail?
You are very much like Captain America! I informed him, You were a scrawny, sickly little man on Earth, and then, somewhat magically, somewhat scientifically, you bulked up. 
Oh my God, I was certainly not Steve Rodgers, pre-serum!
You totally were! I told him, giggling, But now, you are Steve Rodgers, post-serum! You are Captain America!
He picked me up, and as I always did, I exclaimed in surprise. I covered my mouth, giggling more hysterically than I had in weeks, as he carried me off to our bedroom. 
I might be Captain America, but you, my dear, defy any pop culture character designation. He laid me down on our bed and then plopped down on the mattress beside me.
Do I? I have been told that I am like Elizabeth Bennett, whom you know now is the strong-willed female protagonist of Pride and Prejudice. Or Hermione from Harry Potter. 
You certainly talk like Elizabeth Bennett, and you are very headstrong. You love to read and youre freakishly intelligent like Hermione, and you take care of your siblings, also like Elizabeth Bennett. I can see that parallel, but you are also much more
Violent. I said, Murderous. Mean.
I dont know about mean; thats not exactly the right word. But I raised my eyebrow and pursed my lips. Yeah, its the right word. Youre right. He yawned. As always. 
He laid down beside me, and I rolled on top of him to straddle his midsection. 
I wish we could just stay home tomorrow, but you know how Don is. Hell come knocking, seeing if were alright. I overemphasized my cynical air-quotes as I always did, and James mimicked me, as he always did. 
Plus, we need the crops. Have you looked in the pantry? Were low on most everything. You know what we need to do on our off-day, though? Start planting the garden. That way were not completely reliant on Don paying us.
Here I thought you were going to suggest letting Penny go to Rachels for a couple of hours, sending Violet on some pointless adventure with Nick, and locking ourselves in this room until all impulses to make love passionately, wildly, and with not a single thought of anything but the obtainment of supreme, never-before-experienced sexual pleasure are exorcised from us, at least for that day.
He gaped at me for a long moment, and I grinned at him.
That was my Plan B. He said quickly, And really, Plan B is there because Plan A so rarely works out. So, lets skip the disappointment that comes with the failure of Plan A and go straight to B.
No, we should actually accomplish something.
Oh, Ill accomplish something, alright. Ill accomplish He stopped, trying furiously to think of some suggestive statement with which to follow that sentence starter.
Yes? I asked, and he laughed raucously.
I dont even know what to say to complete that statement. It would be very cheesy and therefore, non-sexy.
You are very tired, and it is obvious. I leaned down to kiss him one last time and then rolled off of him. We scooted back to lie on the pillows, and after he cuddled up behind me and draped his arm over me, I held onto it with both hands. 
Do you know what I think? He asked through yet another yawn.
What do you think? I asked, responding to his yawn with one of my own.
Tony and Toms wedding has gotten me thinking that maybe we should
My eyes shot open, and I looked back at him. 
Please tell me you are going to say get into the wedding planning business.
That is absolutely not what I was going to say, but if thats what you want to do, Id be glad to haul wedding things around for you. If thats your dream, I will aid you in achieving it, because we all know what happens to a dream deferred, dont we?
No, we dont. We know what may happen to a dream deferred, but Hughess famous poem does not offer a definitive answer. So no, we do not all know. Also, can you honestly see me doing something so blatantly girly?
No.
Your very crafty allusion to a wonderful poem and a wonderful play aside, did you just imply that we should Did Tony and Toms wedding make you think we should have a similar gathering for a similar purpose?
Read: Get married. He filled in for me.
We were not even reconciled yet.
I know, but that doesnt mean I wasnt thinking about it.
You were thinking about your own dream wedding whilst in attendance of a dream wedding? You are such a stereotype of a woman sometimes, James Maxwell.
He laughed uproariously, and I found myself merely smiling; his musings on our possible nuptials had startled me severely, and I could not pretend that they had not.
Brynna Olivier, it is only that I love you more than I have loved anyone before, and while I was away from you for so long, it got me thinking about that. How much I love you, I mean. And Im wondering if maybe thats what we need. Maybe thats why weve been fighting so much, because we need to prove to ourselves that this is permanent.
No, we have been fighting so much because we have both made some mistakes, you more so than me. James, honey I grasped his hands, I dont need a piece of paper telling me that I love you, and I dont think that our issues, which are now resolved, could be solved by said piece of paper. What will solve our problems is a resolution to be honest with each other. And faithful. And really, those two things are the most important. 
Youre right. Im not like, invested completely in the idea. You know Im weird about it, too, and I said never again after I got married the last time, but I think I was just trying to explore any and all options in my mind that might help us out. I wasnt convinced it would solve the problem between us, but I wondered if it could.
And obviously, we did not need it. Honey, I am certainly not closing the door permanently, and I am flattered that you would even consider it after you so resolutely decided against ever doing it again, but right now is not the time. There is too much unrest and uncertainty. However, ask me to start thinking about it again when all of this is over, and I have a feeling that my reaction and answer will be completely different. Okay?
Okay. Ill see you in the morning, sweetheart.
Okay. I love you very much, even when you frighten me with talk of marriage.
And I love you very much, also, even when you suggest that I was once scrawny and that my brief musings on marriage during a wedding make me a woman.
If you have not gathered by now that I only speak the truth, then I sat bolt upright in bed so suddenly that I startled both him and myself. My heart was pounding against the wall of my chest forcefully, and my eyes had turned white. Quickly, my breaths came and went, and when James grasped my hand, asking me calmly if I was having a panic attack, I shook my head vigorously.
I have gotten used to the pattern of thoughts that all the people in our camp have. But there is a new stream that is out of place. It is not one of ours. It is I have heard it before, James. Its I looked at him, my eyes turning back to a blue that was deeper than the normal shade; my fear was evident to him. It is one of them. One of the men who
He was already out of bed and pulling on his jeans and white t-shirt. I was jumping up, too, and pulling on my clothes. 
Which one is it, baby? Can you tell? James asked, and I shook my head as we walked quickly from our bedroom. Violet needs to go get Adam and Don.
Not until we are sure. Once we have him, we will bring him to Adam and Don ourselves. I do not want to mix Violet up in this.
Okay. 
We were out of the house, and I was walking a few feet ahead of him, looking all around me for the stranger who was straying willingly into our midst. There was only one man who would be so bold as to do such a thing on behalf of his leader, and that man certainly was not my father, who would stammer out a million excuses timidly to avoid being taken by the enemies. 
There was only one with whom I had made a deal. There was only one whose sole purpose in coming in search of our camp would be to see whether my mind had been made up or not. He was about twenty miles out, becoming slightly frustrated with the search. He knew he had sensed with the powers he was not supposed to use that we were close. Why had he agreed to come alone? There were beasts in the trees that Tyre had warned him about, but as long as he wore the blessed necklace, they could not harm him. His always cool faade was slipping as his frustration and his fear mounted. Why could no one find the village? Why could no one leave the village and lead him back? It was as though the air around it was infectious to traitors, making them lose their minds before they could lead enemies back. But he did not need them to lead him back, because I would do it for him
Paul.
He is about twenty miles out, looking for us.
You can sense him when he is that far away? James asked me incredulously. Hes getting more and more afraid.
Yes, probably because the tree beasts are out there.
Well, then, baby, we dont have to worry about him. Hell be dead by morning. Or at least, hell be infected with the venom and in the process of dying.
No. He is Tyres second-in-command, and we need him.
Its Rich Bachum.
I looked back at him again, my eyes dark.
Rich Bachum is not and never has been the second-in-command, honey. It has always been Paul. James I grasped his hand, avoiding his eyes when he looked at me. There is something else that I have not told you.
He murmured an expletive and ran the hand that was not being grasped by me over his head.
Tell me he didnt, baby. Tell me he didnt r He stopped, not wanting to upset me.
No! I exclaimed, Its not that! James, he said He offered me He said that they have
I covered my face for a minute.
What, baby? What happened?
And I told him. I had to whisper, because I felt like a million ears were listening and a million eyes were watching. As I spoke, his face seemed to blank itself out, his expression set and yet unreadable. 
But I told him I did not care. After what she did, I said that I did not care what they did to her. But he told me I would not be so apathetic for long. Once I returned, if I did return, I would be unable to resist the temptation of seeing her again. My father told him that I had left her behind, and he had told my mother, too, and Paul said Paul said that my mother said I stopped, running my fingers through my hair compulsively with shaking hands. James, I cant trade Adam. But I need to get her away from them. She did so many terrible things, but she doesnt deserve to be treated the way they are treating her.
He was still silent.
Honey, I am so sorry I kept this from you. I did not think that I had to tell you, but I know now that I did, because I promised Paul I would consider it, and then Rich almost shot us, and we escaped, and I assumed that the promise I had made was broken, but that promise is why he is here now. So I will meet him, and he can see whether or not I agree. 
He was still silent.
James, I should have told you, and I have fussed at you for keeping things from me
If Adam finds out about this, Brynna He whispered, and his voice was actually trembling, however slightly, If he finds out you even considered it
I know. I know. I nodded, looking down at the ground. Hell be furious.
Hell kill you, Brynna! He barked at me furiously. If Paul comes here and tells him!
I will tell him first.
You will not! Just because you didnt agree doesnt mean Adam wont kill you. You considered it. You thought about it. You didnt tell him right away. Hes going to think that you were conspiring with them, and thats why you didnt tell him. You cannot say anything to him about this. You wont say anything!
James, do not tell me
What? He asked, Dont tell you what to do? No, that doesnt work this time. I am telling you what to do, and youre going to listen, or
Or what? I asked, placing one hand on my hip and looking at him intently. Or what, James?
It doesnt matter! Listen to me, Brynna He walked forward and put both of his hands on my face. Trust me on this, baby. If you never trust me on anything else ever again, trust me on this. We need to just leave Paul alone. Let him stay out there. If he tells Adam about the deal you two made, Adam is going to hurt you. I know you dont think that he will, because you think you know him completely. But he does not let people who betray him live for long. And I know youre thinking that he let me live, but that was only because he gave me another task. Plus, with you, hes emotionally attached, and it will He struggled to find the right word, I dont know. It will wound him if he finds out about this.
You are probably right, but we cannot just leave Paul out in the woods.
Why?
I looked up at him, and I feared that my gaze was showing a deep, sorrowful apology, one that I did not know I felt in truth. 
Because he might be the last link I have to her.
He thought he was hiding his surprise well, but as usual, I saw into his mind almost effortlessly. He grasped my hand, wanting to tell me that they were merely playing on my emotions, namely my guilt and my regret that I inevitably had to feel at leaving her behind. I had never shown our enemies that I regretted abandoning my mother, so they were assuming that there was at least that human tendencythat is, the tendency to feel regret and guilt at causing the death of another human being, especially ones motherstill alive within me, the mutated freak. James was surprised that I wanted to save her, when I had been so apathetic about leaving her behind. I wanted to tell him that at first, Pauls temptation had been lost on me, but as time wore on, I had begun to think, and as I had begun to think, I had begun to reason. I reasoned that if my mother were alive, I had to save her, after I had so terribly wronged her. I had wanted so desperately to turn away from their temptation, to ignore the cruel torture that was their offer, but just like he had promised, I was unable to say no, even if it meant forever alienating the man to whom I had grown so close
Adam would be furious that I had given in to them when the price was so high; he and his wife could be killed if I did not play Paul and Tyres game with a strategy that was wilier than their own. 
Baby I dont know what to do. Honestly, I dont. If he tells him, were not even going to have time to pack up and go. Were just going to have to leave.
I know. James I said softly, my eyes on the ground, There is something I never told you about her. My mother was sick. Terminally sick. She found out two weeks before you and I met in the bar, so two weeks before all of this. They did not give it a stage, but they said that nothingnot chemotherapy, radiation, a mastectomy, nothingcould stop it. Now, all of this would be utterly unremarkable if it werent for the fact that...
What? He pressed me gently, Go on, baby.
She reached out to me. She knocked on my door one night as I was putting Penny to bed
And if the knocking had not been so light, I would have feared that it was him again, and I would have seen red, but not like the clich, I would have seen the blood all over my hands
Brynn? Baby? James asked, and abruptly, I returned to him.
She only asked if she could come in. I said after a long moment, At first, I asked her why, and when I saw that she was trying not to cry, I relented and let her in, thinking something had happened but not really caring. If it had been Violet or Eli, she would have been utterly inconsolable. So, I finished putting Penny to bed and then I came out, and I stood there, smoking, and she sat on my couch, just with tears coming down her face, but she didnt say anything, and I was trying not to look at her. I just wanted her to leave. Finally, she said, I have cancer. Theres nothing they can do. And honestly, James, it hit me. It was like a boot in my stomach for just one second. I didnt even know if I had actually felt it because the feeling was gone so quickly. But I didnt say anything. I just waited for her to continue. It seemed like hours had passed before she spoke again, but when she did, she said, Is there anything I can do but she stopped. I pretended that I didnt know what she meant. So, she finished it, My voice broke, and tears were pouring from my eyes. She said, Is there anything I can do to make it alright again, Brynna? At first, I was happy. Or, I felt whatever it was that I called happiness at the time. It was something dull. Maybe it was hope. I dont know. But then I just got so angry. So I answered, yes, and I remember she got this look in her eyes, and even though I cant remember what she looks like anymore, I remember that look. It was this hope that clicked on, that ignited into this vision of how things would be for the last few months of her life. She said, Tell me, and I looked at her for the first time that night, and all of that hate that I had for her, and all of that fury I had felt towards her for so many years, came back at once. All I could see was every time she had ignored me, or lashed out at me, or not stopped my father, and those memories, coupled with that rage, welled up inside of me, and she said again, Tell me what I can do, Brynna, and after a long time, I said, You can die. 
I cried harder, and he pulled me to him. For a long time, I sobbed into his chest, unable to restrain my tears now that I had spoken that secret out loud. 
Its okay. He told me softly, and I could hear the threat of tears in his own voice. Its alright, baby. You had every right to be angry.
I had no right to say that! I have made her this villain to everyone. I have erased her from both worlds, from the memories of everyone who ever knew her. They know she existed, but they cant picture her. She was so sick, James. Everything about her was different. She looked like she was dead already, and all she wanted was to make things alright again. She was afraid to die without putting things right, and I know that it was the only thing she wanted in the entire world. It was the absolute last thing she wanted in this world, and I said no. Because I couldnt let go, and I still cant let go. Of any of it. I will carry this around with me until the day I die, too. Unless I can find her. Unless shes here, and I can tell her that I am so sorry, and I was so wrong, and in that one moment, I was crueler than she ever was. Even if she and I never speak another word to each other besides that, which we will not, I have to tell her Im sorry. I can never take it back, but I can tell her Im sorry, and that will have to count for something, right? That will have to lessen this guilt a little bit, wont it?
Yes. He said gently, It will erase all of it, Brynna. 
Baby He raised my head so I was looking at him. If it is the last thing we do here in this world, if we have to go to the ends of the world and back again, if we die trying, we will find her. I promise you, if she is here, we will find her. Okay?
 I nodded, and my still tearing eyes that had turned over white as the adrenaline began to course through me turned back to blue when I stood on my tiptoes to kiss him almost fiercely. It never failed to amaze me how easily and suddenly I could become overwhelmed by my love for him and my appreciation of his never failing willingness to support me in whatever venture, foolish or otherwise, I undertook. 
If this all goes to hell in a hand-basket, as they say, I am very sorry.
He brushed a piece of hair away from my face and tucked it behind my ear. 
I know youve wanted to put this right since you saw Daniel here that first day. If we can fix it, no matter what happens, then it will be worth it. He held his lips to mine for one quick, warm second. Im sorry I told you to leave her. I should have told you how sorry I am a thousand times before now.
It was both of us. I wanted them gone. But even if she and I never speak a word to each other, which we will not, I know we will not, she deserves to be safe. She deserves to be with her children. She does not deserve to be hurt the way Paul says they are hurting her. No one deserves that.
Youre right. So, lets bring this son of a bitch in, and see what we can get out of him.
***

I did not know if Pauls obvious elation at seeing James and me was the result of some recognition that a dastardly plan he had plotted had just been rerouted back on course, or if he was simply happy to have two people to guide him out of the notoriously treacherous Black Forest. Whatever the reason, he certainly did not look or sound like a man who was being taken prisoner by his bloodthirsty, evolved, very dangerous enemies.
Ah! He exclaimed upon seeing us, as though he had been expecting our arrival all along. So good to see you! I seem to be a bit lost. Ms. Olivier, would you and your friend please show me to your camp so I may rest my weary bones? This is an old-fashioned request for lodgings and more importantly, hospitality. God does not just frown on those who turn away men in need; he punishes them swiftly.
Did you walk for miles with that entire speech prepared in your mind? I asked, and my tone betrayed my slight bemusement at his completely random eloquence. Perhaps my current mental state was identical to what people felt when they heard me speak. Not that I cared
Lets go. James grabbed his arms and started to steer him along. 
I assure you, sir, I will walk cooperatively on my own.
Yeah, Im sure. Move. Brynna, are any of his friends lurking around?
No. He came alone, and because he is not stupid in the slightest sense, that means he wishes to parlay.
Do I? Paul asked, I guess we shall see.
***

The night guard in the village jail was keeping watch over two non-violent offenders, as he and his fellow guards always did. The worst crime we had seen that had resulted in imprisonment was drunk or drugged disorderly conduct, and all those who were guilty of that crime got was a one-night stay in a cell so they could sober up and pay their penance (which was generally crops) in the morning. Because he was not used to actual threats, the guard jumped up upon seeing Paul, his face growing paler with every second that passed. 
This guy is one of theirs. Where did you get him? He stammered out, He almost killed us in the city! 
Paul smiled, but said nothing.
Were going to use one of the interrogation rooms in the back. Would you please go and wake Don, Adam, and Janna? I asked, and his face paled even more.
Adam and Janna?
Yes. Is that a problem? I asked in a tone far more brusque than I should have used with him when he was clearly afraid of them. 
Baby, you should get them. James said, and I turned around, my surprise evident. Every day, I felt the paranoia and distrust in his heart when I left for work because he knew that I would be spending at least eight hours with Adam. Now, he was encouraging me to go wake him from his sleep and bring him back to us. Him encouraging me to go to Adam was like me encouraging Don to share the secret inner-workings of our society with Paul; the two scenarios were completely unbefitting of us both, and that made them strange, and if they were strange, then they were also suspicious. 
He wont believe it unless he hears it from you. James explained quickly, and I nodded, all suspicion dwindling away. I stood on my tiptoes to kiss him quickly and then walked calmly out of the building. Once I was away from Pauls ever-watchful gaze, though, I ran, seeing the trees, houses, and firefly lights zip by me in a bright, indiscernible blur. 
Adam and Jannas house was at the far end of the settlement on the other side of the village square. It was larger than the charmingly modest homes in which we common-folk dwelt, but then, it was Adams house, and Adam was not above flaunting his power and the superior position said power afforded him. 
I climbed the fifty or so stairs to reach his porch and knocked loudly on the shined oak door. Not even a minute later, the door had swung open, and he was standing there, looking like some debonair 1940s movie star on holiday, with his bathrobe and disheveled gray hair. 
Brynna He said, sounding surprised. To what do I owe this mid-night pleasure? Surely it must Have you been in the forest?! 
He stepped out, closing the door behind him with a resounding thud. 
Have you been bitten by the trebestia? He asked, and I shook my head vigorously.
Paul was out in the woods, and we found him and brought him here, and he wants to parlay, or something, because he came alone
You are sure of this? You are sure he came alone?
Yes. I replied, I could not hear the thoughts of anyone else, and you and I both know that if there were people around, they would be afraid, and their thoughts would be running a mile a minute. Even if they were not afraid, I would have heard them.
He had taken my arm gently and led me into the house. I was momentarily stunned into silence by the grandeur of it, though I had certainly known that Adam would have nothing less. The ceiling was high and pointed, with two large windows at the top to let the starlight in. The floor was hardwood, and on it, they had placed a burgundy rug with some intricate golden pattern embroidered into it. The couches were long and made of leather, and in between them sat a table I knew he must have made himself. On the table were seven books arranged almost to resemble a fan. All of them were classics I had read many timesHomer, Shakespeare, Hawthorne, both Bronte sisters, and the likeand all, I realized with alarm at my own realization, had the theme of forbidden love. I do not want to seem conceited by suggesting that he had planned this out for me, but it seemed too coordinated to be a coincidence. 
He disappeared for a few minutes, and when he returned, he was dressed in a button-up shirt and black pants, his typical wardrobe. 
Come along, my darling. You have gone hunting and brought in a live one, and a coveted live one at that.
I could not help but smile. When his hand grasped the back of my neck so he could steer me forward ahead of him through the door, my smile struggled to widen, but I bit my lip to suppress it. 
Do not try to hide it. I know I entertain you. I also know that you, like everyone else in the entire world, enjoy receiving praise for your actions, which of course, are nothing short of valiant.
We were striding through the cold evening night, and my arms were crossed tightly over my chest. Just as I began to feel the painful shockwaves my shivering sent through my still-recovering body, I felt his hands wrapping his warm leather coat around my shoulders. 
Much too cold around these parts during this time of year for you to be strolling around in t-shirts, my dear. However, I do appreciate the opportunity to demonstrate my chivalrous nature.
If you giving me your coat was meant to be chivalrous then it certainly is not.
Ah, but that was not my intention. I merely want to keep you from catching a nasty cold.
I am sure. Will Janna be joining us?
She will, but she can walk alone.
I looked at him, slightly shocked that he would be so cold, but then I understood: her tryst with James had not been the first, and Adam knew, more than he cared to realize, even to himself, that it certainly would not be her last. In fact, I sensed in his mind a deeply guarded secret, one that seemed to pulsate with an urgency I could not identify or explain. Though it was one secret stacked amongst piles of many, that urgency beckoned to me, asking me to decode it, to realize it, for it involved one of mine as much as it involved his wife.
Eli. I said, stopping my quickened walk mid-stride. He stopped, too, but did not turn around to look at me. For several seemingly endless seconds, we were silent. My heart was hammering against my chest, powered by a rage I could not support entirely, for I was unaware if that extreme anger was warranted.
Yes. Added to my hodgepodge emotional array was shock at his tone; his words were hissed out through almost clenched teeth, as though he were just barely suppressing his urge to bellow them at me. And he feared that you suspected it, and because you and I had gotten closer, he feared that you would tell me of your suspicions, and I would kill him.
That was it; it was so much worse than I had expected. I had told Savannah that Eli would not push me into the woodsinto undeniable perilon behalf of a woman he had only just met, but he had not only pushed me into the woods because of that, but his attempt on my life was an attempt to spare his own. He trusted me so very little, and he thought our relationship was so badly damaged, that I valued mine and Adams relationship more than I valued his life, and so he had tried to kill me. More than anything, I think, that was the worst part.
For a woman. I spat out as tears flooded into my eyes, He tried to kill me for a woman. For your wife! Why her? I asked him. Why her? I was beginning to pace, my hands quickly running through my hair as they always did when I began to feel a great deal of emotional upheaval. All I was asking was why she was in his mind. I did not suspect that they were And she is with him only because
She wants to take all the men in your life from you. She wants to break them and corrupt them, to turn them against you if she can, but if she cannot, she will settle for merely breaking their hearts. Leave them lifeless, listless. All because she suspects
that you and I were together behind her back. That I was knowingly entertaining the idea of a relationship with a married man. Just like her mother. I heard her think it once.
Yes, she was very fond of gossip magazines from Earth, and she knew all about
And he is so dedicated to her, that he was willing to kill me just to protect himself. To protect him and her! The tears were falling now, pouring over my hands as I tried to wipe them away. My breaths were becoming more labored, bordering dangerously close to hyperventilation. He protected me, Adam. Always. When we were in school together, after my parents made me leave, when my dad used to hit me And for her
My darling He struggled to grasp my hands, to stop me from pacing, from crying. My darling Brynna I wanted to keep this from you until you were completely healed. It has been almost four months since you were injured, but your body is still recovering. I could not burden you with this. Even after you were completely healed, I would struggle to tell you. I knew how this would wound you. He is a stupid boy in love. He is a stupid, lovesick automaton, in over his head, completely beguiled by her affection for him. He cannot understand how it can be so, that my wife, with all her wonders, could want him. He is taken by her empty words and promises.
Did she make him do it?
It would have excused him, however slightly. It would have opened an opportunity for Elijah and me to repair our broken relationship. So when Adam shook his head, I only cried harder, covering my mouth in hopes that the sound of my sobs would be stifled.
Stop. Adam implored me softly, with such pain in his eyes. I was still pacing back and forth, and he reached out to stop me again. Stop. My beauty, please stop. Come. He grasped my hand, and I stopped pacing but would not let him pull me to him. I could sense James growing worried, thinking that I had run into trouble. Of course, he feared the trouble into which I had run was Adam with a rose between his teeth and wild, animal sex with me on his mind. 
I cried harder, adding to my emotional strife with my own pessimistic thoughts, as I always did. He would never trust me, even though I was trying so hard to trust him again. Now, I did stop to press the top of my head to Adams chest. Briefly, I saw my tears fall to the ground and splatter on the path, leaving dime-sized little pools in the dirt. 
I did not mean for you to see this now. My darling. My beauty. I did not mean for this. He whispered as his lips kissed the back of my head repeatedly, and his hands rubbed my arms and back gently. I know how you love him. I know your bond with him is strong.
Was. I corrected him, pulling away with a sniffle and another furious wipe of my eyes. Our bond was strong.
She will grow bored of him, and move on to someone else
Who? Quinn? I asked, She would be out of luck with him. He is committed to Allie and would not leave her for Janna and any one of her wonders. He is too strongly devoted to her, and I will never let your wife come in between them! She may have gotten my boyfriend, and my brother, and she may have you, but she will not
His mouth pressing to mine cut off my words. His hands grasping my face firmly sent wave after wave of a not unpleasant icy sensation throughout me. At first, my body was tense, surprised by the sudden onslaught of his firm and unyielding kiss. But then, my body had fallen into his, and my arms had wrapped around his neck, and my lips began to kiss his back. Because a storm similar to mine had roared to life in him, the wind began to blow slightly, gently caressing us with that sweet, frigid, Pangaean breeze. The lights grew brighter, though they had been nearly extinguished before. When I pulled away from him, his face was cast in the glow from the torches, and after a moment, his hand gently pushed my hair away from my face. 
She does not have me. He told me emphatically. Not now. Not anymore.
He put his arm around my shoulders, pulled me into him, and walked me along, and because no prying eyes were watching, I leaned my head against his shoulder. He kissed the top of my head, and despite all I had learned, and despite all the complications in my life and the lives of us all, I smiled up at him, and he smiled that slight smile of his back at me.
***

Has he said anything? Adam asked James and Don when we arrived at the jail.
Hes said a lot of things, none of which are useful. Hes just being overly pleasant. Don answered. Exactly like weve heard.
You okay? James asked me quietly. My eyes were still red from crying, and my skin was still pale. I nodded, hoping he would let it drop, but when I went to walk away, he grasped my wrist gently to stop me. Baby, what is it?
Its nothing. I murmured quickly, trying to get away from him.
What did he do?
It was not him, and we need to let this drop right now.
Alright. 
When Adams eyes met Jamess over the top of Dons head, I watched Adam smirk slightly in that annoyingly arrogant way that he always did, and James looked back at him, opening his mouth to shout some threat of brutality if Adam had touched me. 
James, drop it. I snapped at him, before reaching back compulsively to grab my cigarettes only to find that I had left them at the house. Immediately, I wanted to cry.  I wanted to scream and stomp my feet and make a genuine fool out of myself right there in front of my boyfriend, who more than likely would not judge me for it, Adam, who would rush to my aid, and Don, who would find it amusing and also, as useful evidence to prove his point that women were fragile and weak. Instead, I stopped, closed my eyes, breathed in deeply, and ran my fingers through my hair. 
Look, crazy. James told me, and when I opened my eyes, I saw that he was holding the pack we shared between the two of us. I grabbed it on the way to get Don. I knew you were jonesing.
Just like that, my irritation at him lifted, and I was smiling slightly at his tendency to remember things, trivial and serious, that I so often forgot. He smiled, too, and lit the end of my cigarette after I took one from him.
We have to give this up, James Maxwell. I told him, but after inhaling deeply and feeling that nicotine bring all the inner chaos to a sudden but not shocking halt, I began to assign my quitting day to dates in the future when things would be less uncertain.
Yes, we do, Brynna Olivier, but not today.
James echoed my thoughts exactly, and we smiled again. With the cigarette burning between my index and middle finger, I stood on my tiptoes and hugged him around the neck.
Paul keeps saying he only wants to see you.
No better way to make me break our embrace than to genuinely rip the air from my lungs with words as shocking as those. It was not shocking that Paul wanted to talk to me; I figured he had come there, at least in part, to find out whether I would be taking his deal or not. He had come alone, in good faith, just like he had said he would. I would have to lead Adam and Janna into an ambush, and then Paul would return to his clan, and my mother would be returned to me. Knowing that Paul was telling James he would only speak to me made me think that he would also tell Adam, and then through explanation of his reasoning for only wanting to speak to me, Paul would reveal my betrayal.
He only wants to see her? Adam asked, and my heart plummeted. He must have felt it, because his gaze snapped onto me, but I saw only concern, not suspicion. If you do not want to speak to him, then you will not. For no reason other than that it is what you want to do will you go into that room. No one will force you. 
You think any of us could actually force her in there? Her? James asked, with a derisive laugh. 
James I actually closed my eyes for a second, so sick of their constant bickering. Like a married couple did not begin to explain it. More accurately, I would say they bickered like drooling, blubbering infants, each pulling one end of some coveted toy. Of course, you know that I am the toy, metaphorically, and I do not need to continue the analogy and say that pulling both ends would surely lead to the toy breaking in half, though it is an accurate analogy, certainly; I could not stay away from Adam, and he had kissed me only moments earlier, and I had responded, but I still loved James. More than that, I knew that I wanted to be with him, whereas with Adam I merely suspected that if the opportunity presented itself
But this is all unimportant.
I will talk to Paul. I will see what he wants. But he is smart, and he will know that you all are standing behind the two-way mirror listening in. So I need one of you to light the torches, and leave Paul and me alone.
No way. James said. 
Yes, I must agree with Maxwell, though it is shocking. If you wish to speak to him, fine. But you will not speak to him without our supervision.
I am sorry, if one of you were going in there to talk to him, would the rest of us have to supervise? I asked huffily, and not one of them answered. Don actually made a point of avoiding my eyes. Exactly. Honestly, gentlemen, you are thousands of years old I told Adam, and you I looked at James, have traveled through space after surviving the apocalypse on a ship that required all the ingenuity and forward-thinking and progressivism that our world had rightfully embraced, and yet you both still embrace such foolish and obvious old-world sexism.
It most certainly is not sexism, my dear Brynna. It is merely concern for you. It is chivalry. He looked at me with a mischievous glint in his eye that I pointedly ignored.
Is it? It seems to me like it is just an old-fashioned damsel-in-distress mentality. Let us protect the weak, vulnerable female. It is annoying, and as recompense for you two insinuating that I cannot take care of myself, you will do exactly what I instructed you to do only a moment ago: Light the torches so Paul can see that you all are not lurking in the room behind the mirror, and then leave us be. If he tries to attack me, I will shout, but more than likely, he will be dead before he can touch me, or at least wounded severely.
Let us stop at severe wounds, if you please. We need him. He knows very much. Adam informed me, and though he seemed amused, James seemed aggravated. Just before I began to walk through the hallway to meet with Paul, I stopped in front of him, wrapped my arms around his middle, and looked up at him, smiling slightly.
It is not my fault you keep suggesting I am incapable of taking care of myself.
That is not what Im suggesting, and you know it. I dont want you in there talking to him by yourself. Sorry Im not sorry for that.
I am sorry, you said that you were the knot master when you and your little friends had to scale those cliffs to get to the campsite all those times. Did you not utilize the same knowledge when you tied Pauls hands? Will he easily escape?
No, and I know that you can handle him if he does. Im more worried that he is going to get in your head.
In my head? I asked, and I actually giggled. James I kissed him and began to walk away, Please.
***

For a long time, Paul and I stared at one another, him smiling pleasantly, and my face impassive. Neither of us wanted to break the silence, as both of us were using it as a weapon. Me not speaking was supposed to lead him to question my intentions (was I going to beat up on him, or were we merely going to talk?) and him not speaking was supposed to make me think that he would not be saying anything at all. I thought that I would be the one to initiate conversation eventually, but alas, he broke our mind-game stalemate first.
So, how have you been keeping, Brynna? I am very sorry about how out of hand things got when you and your dear Rexprimus were in my company the last time. I do not think they would have shot you, even if you had not set a hive of Shadows on us.
But they would have shot him?
Of course they would have, and they would have suffered terribly for it. They did suffer terribly, for disobeying my orders. Thank God I showed up when I did, otherwise
Otherwise you would have missed my epic escape plan working magnificently.
Yes. He smiled, I suppose I would have. But even if you had not unleashed the Shadows, I would never have let them harm your love right in front of you. At least not there, of course. Tyre wanted to dispatch the great king himself, and he would have made you watch. But I could never be so cruel as to let you see that.
He is not my love. He is my friend.
Yes. Yes, of course. James Maxwell is your love. But then, I thought you two had had a falling out?
We reconciled.
How nice. He smiled almost genuinely. Does Mr. Maxwell know of our arrangement?
He does.
And he agrees that it is a sensible and fair trade?
He does.
So, we are on then?
I do not know. You know, you have not offered me any proof, irrefutable or otherwise, that my mother is actually alive. So, why should I even consider what you asked of me? 
Paul leaned as far forward as his hands being bound behind the chair would allow. 
Because your mother is alive, Brynna. You will have to trust my word. You will also have to trust me when I say that she will not be for much longer. It is not that your father would ever let them execute her as they so wanted to do in the beginning. It is that she is very sick. You know what we do to stubborn ones where I am from.
I do not really, though I have heard plenty.
We make them un-stubborn.
Why? Because God says women cannot be stubborn? They must obey men?
Precisely. But it is not just women. Men have suffered greatly, too, when they do not shun their old ways and embrace our newer, better ways. Though honestly, our ways are not new. They are old, as old as the truths you scoff at in your blindness. He closed his eyes and shook his head, looking, ironically, like Buddha for a moment. I almost laughed. This is neither here nor there. Your mother is alive, and that is what matters. I will give her to you in exchange for Adam and his wife.
Why didnt you just bring others with you? Why have you created this long, intricate game? Why did you not just bring several men with you, ambush our village, and take Adam and Janna?
Because we could not find your village, no matter how hard we tried. The trebestia are a danger to all human-like creatures, but they are also this villages greatest defense. They cause confusion, even when they are not active, which is during the day. We have searched far and wide, and the few people we had buried here who tried to lead us here all failed miserably. Perhaps the forest knew of their ill intentions, and erased their ability to combat the confusion of the trebestia. That is why we needed you. Regardless of our setbacks, here I am. Here we are. You and me, Brynna Olivier.
I do not believe you. I do not believe a word you say. Your word that my mother is alive is simply not good enough, Paul. No deal. I told him, and I began to stand up, resolving in my mind once and for all to forget the deal he had wagered and the empty promise he had made. I would forget that I had ever been apathetic when tempted and forget that that apathy had given way to an almost unhealthy, obsessive interest.
If my word is not good enough, then I ask that you please untie my hands so I can show you what I have brought with me.
Not a chance. I replied, marveling at how stupid he assumed I was.
This is the irrefutable proof that you requested. I believe it is only fair that you at least look it over and decide from there. You have already treated me quite inhospitably even though I am a weary traveling guest
Paul, if it will make you stop talking, I will look at your irrefutable proof. My stars With an irritated huff, I walked behind him, grabbed the knife off of the table in the corner of the room and cut through the ropes around his wrists. Please do not think that I will not hesitate to stab you if you try anything.
Of course. Look He held up his hands as I moved in front of him. I surrender. I just want you to see this. He lifted himself up off of the chair so he could reach into his pocket. For a moment, I worried that he might have brought some sort of small, concealable weapon with him, and my grip on the knife tightened. I was prepared to throw it at him if he tried to attack me. After finding what he wanted in the pocket of his jeans, he put one hand, palm down, on the table, and the other, which he had balled into a fist, he slid across the table to me. His eyes never left mine when he opened his fist, and the clang of something metal hitting the wooden table sounded in the room between us, startling me though I did not show it by flinching or even blinking. When I looked down, though, hiding the sudden bout of nauseating shock that took hold of me was not complicated, it was impossible. My eyes widened, and I felt the blood draining from my face; I felt it migrating to my ears where it began to thump noisily. I stopped breathing normally. My vision blurred for a moment. My throat clenched under the threat of tears that, thankfully, I was able to suppress.
It was the ring my father had bought for her for their twentieth wedding anniversary, which had passed four years before the end of our world. There was no mistaking that it had belonged to my mother; there were four large, circular diamonds set into the silver band, and on the inside, engraved in fancy cursive were the names of my four siblings, three living, one dead. 
She never wore this. He could have taken it out of her jewelry box. He could have kept it on him. It was expensive, and God or the Gods know that he would want to make a profit off of it after paying nearly one hundred thousand dollars for it
Brynna Paul looked at me in gently chiding amusement, How likely is that scenario? 
It is very likely! I snapped, and now, the color was returning to my face as I got angrier. She was with John when the world ended. She was seeing him again, and she never wore her ring when she was with him. She only wore it when she and John ended their relationship. If they were together, why would she have been wearing her ring?
Your father said she went back into the house and grabbed it. She made him stop the car so she could go get it.
If my mother were alive, why did my father keep her from us on the ship?
She did not recover well from taking the drug. It made her very ill.
For two and a half weeks?
Yes. Your mother was sickly on Earth, wasnt she?
The icy grasp those words took on my heart left me feeling dizzy and nauseous. I remembered her voice, so small, struggling so desperately to strengthen. I have cancer. You can die.
If by sickly, I hissed, You are referring to her spending every night in the bathroom with her head in the toilet while she vomited out the copious amounts of cheap liquor she had consumed, then yes, she was sickly.
He smiled, because he knew that I was omitting something.
You know that is not what I mean, Brynna.
You still have not told me where she was while we were all on the ship?
She went into a coma briefly on the ship. Your father did not want to reveal that he was onboard, because he knew your sisters and brother would ask for her, too, and he did not want to worry them over her condition.
Paul, how likely is that scenario? I asked, He said she was dead when Violet asked him. Why would he lie?
She was as a good as dead.
So, when he went north with all of you, what did he do? Strap her to the back of a donkey? Carry her over his shoulder? Put her in a wheelbarrow?
By then, she was able to walk again.
No one else had such long-lasting side effects from the drug.
She was very intoxicated when she took it. You can imagine the effects that would have had on her heart.
You are lying. You are lying, and it is painfully obvious, Paul. Really, I expected more of my personal foil. I expected a little more of a challenge. To feel some inner doubt. Some mild intellectual discomfort. Really, I am just finding the effort you put into this attempt at trickery to be hilariously fruitless.
Am I lying? I would suggest that you call your dear Rexprimus in here to read my heart so he could confirm my story, but that would give our little secret away, wouldnt it?
It is not a secret. I will tell him now myself, because you are lying. She is dead. I killed her by leaving her behind, and honestly, I would rather know that than to believe your ridiculous story for even a second. 
I stood up.
She also had this on her. Your father was furious when he saw it, but she made quite a fuss when we took it. It took five of them to subdue her. I had reached the door, but the curiosity got the better of me. I turned around to see that he was outstretching something. Out of his fist, I could see a silver chain dangling. 
The ring had shocked me terribly. But what he dropped into my open hand shook me, truly, to my soul. 
It was a small silver ring, with one small square-cut diamond. This was not from my father; given its charming modesty, it had to have been from John. For what felt like endless, painful minutes, I avoided looking at the inside of the band, but during those minutes, the temptation grew to a nearly riotous urging, until finally, my eyes looked, because my mind was demanding them to look so desperately.
And sure enough, there was my name, my lone name, written in elegant cursive beneath the diamond that stood alone, that was even cut differently than the other diamonds. 
I left the room, hearing him shout after me that he knew he would be seeing me soon. I darted past Adam, James, and Don, who were sitting in the front room of the jail, and murmured quickly that Paul was untied. Then, I zoomed off before any of them could ask what had been said. I didnt know where I was going, but I was being driven by the slight weight of those two small objects squeezed tightly in my sweating hands. Those two small rings, like furious, impatient, devastating, ticking bombs.
***

I was on Savannahs floor, and I only knew that because she was over top of me, her voice calm and her expression blank as she tried to gently wake me. My body snapped upwards, and I looked around, frantically trying to reassemble the moments leading up to my awakening. I was halfway through her door, which seemed to imply that I had lost consciousness and fallen inside. The sky outside was just newly beginning to turn dark blue, and when I had left the jail, it had been dark purple. Not long had passed at all.
Easy. Savannah told me firmly, when I went to jump up. No. Sit for a second. Take it easy, honey.
My hand was still closed tightly around the rings. I did not look, but I could still feel them, and they felt heavier now.
Tell me they know how to make jewelry. The Old Spirits. I rambled at Savannah, Not the Bachums, the cave-people. Tell me thats one of their crafts up there.
She looked confused at first, but then her gaze looked off from me as she thought hard. 
Well, there are mines up there, and I think diamonds can be found in rivers sometimes. At least thats what I read once. But if its one of their trades, I dont know about it. But then, when I was there, they were still getting things up and running. Why? She pushed my hair away from my eyes with both hands. What happened, Brynna? Her eyes traveled down when my hand twitched. Youre bleeding, sweetie. Come on. Stand up.
She led me into the kitchen and sat me down in one of the wooden chairs.
Did you sew these pillows? I asked her, because I was sitting on a very soft, very comfortable pillow. 
I did. The chairs needed some sprucing up. 
She returned to the table with a bowl of liquid that she had squeezed from an acid-root. She tapped my closed fist in a silent command for me to open it, but I did not register it; already, I had begun to stare off into space again, thinking of all that had been said between Paul and me. 
Come on, sweetheart. Open your hand up. Savannah urged me, and gently, she peeled my fingers open. The rings clattered onto the table, and once again, the sound startled me. For a long time, we both stared at them, Savannah and me both looking at the rings with equal consternation. Our hands touching gave me effortless access to her thoughts, and I learned that she thought James had proposed.
No. No, its not that. And things are complicated in that respect, but nothing compared to this.
What happened, Brynna?
I looked up at her.
Paul is here.
Just like mine, her skin lost all color immediately, and her eyes widened.
How? She asked, How did he find us?
He did not. I sensed him out there, and James and I brought him here. Savannah, I have left something crucial out of our discussions. It is something that has the power to destroy everything. A part of me wishes I had refused it straight off, but I did not, and now, I am suffering with it, and
What did he offer you? Savannah asked instantly. She finished bandaging the cuts my nails had made in my palm and then grasped my hand with both of her own.
What? I asked, Does he do that often? Offer things, I mean?
Not to me. She replied quickly, I want to clarify that, just so you know that all of this is hearsay. But I watched them exile several people, and before they left, Paul said he would personally teach them how to become spies. Thats what we heard in the cave, anyway. The people who ended up in the cave were the ones who had failed the spy tests.
Thats not exactly the same thing, Savannah. When Adam and I got captured by them, Paul took me away from Adam so we could talk. He said that my mother was alive, and if I let Adam lead me back to Jannas village, and then I delivered Adam and Janna to him, he would let her go. He would give her to me.
You didnt say no? You said you would do it?
No! I said I would consider it.
God, Brynna She sighed, and her hand came up to cover her mouth. Thats almost as dangerous as saying you would do it. Adam
I know. He will not handle this well. But if I tell him what is going on, and tell him that we can trick Paul
You cant trick Paul. Brynna, you are very smart. You are one of the smartest people I know, but he is a She stopped, Hes evil. He is a criminal mastermind, okay? You dont know how much Tyre values him for that! If you try to pull one over on him, all of it will fall apart. He will tell Adam everything, and then Adam will do God knows what to you! I know you two have gotten closer, but if he finds out that you have even entertained the thought of this, he will kill you!
So, what should I do? I could not trade Adam or even Janna, for that matter. I could not trade one of my own, even for my mother, and you know how what I did to her has irked me! I could get her back by force, but in the meantime, I have to deal with Paul possibly telling Adam everything. And then what?
If Paul tells Adam, the consequences will be catastrophic. If you tell Adam, on the other hand, he might take it better.
Do you think?
I know it. Do you think Rachel can come over and watch the kids? Ill go with you.
No. No, its okay. Ill be fine. I dont think you want Paul to see you, do you?
Hes locked up in a room, isnt he?
Yeah, but
Then, Ill be alright. Give me a minute, let me change my clothes, and then well go. She started to hurry off into her room, but before she disappeared from my sight, she stopped and turned around. Were going to figure this out, honey. Were going to resolve it. I promise.
I nodded but said nothing. Even without my power to See telling me that a violent upheaval was in the near future, I knew that soon, everything would change. Soon, the heavy, impatient tension in the air would settle on us, and the consequences of that shift were too great and terrible to even begin to imagine. 
***

Brynna! Don exclaimed when Savannah and I walked in, James is out looking for you. What happened? Why did you take off like that?
How long has he been gone? I asked.
Since you left.
Well, I will wait for him here. Where is Adam?
Hes in with Paul, and Hey!
I pushed past him and proceeded to storm up the hall. Before Savannah or Don could say a word to stop me, I barged into the interrogation room and closed the door behind me.
There she is! Pauls voice said cheerfully, No worries now, Rexprimus. Your dear girl has returned.
When I turned around to face them, I startled once again; truly, I thought my nerves would be destroyed by the end of the evening. There was blood dripping from Pauls mouth on one side, and Adam was clenching a fistful of Pauls bloodstained shirt, his fist still clenched. Without a word, he let go and strode to me, taking me by my elbow and leading me out into the hallway. With a resounding slam, the door was closed.
He knew. He knew everything. Paul had told him. Like a shark that smells the blood from an injured limb the moment after the injury has been inflicted, Adam had sensed that a secret was being kept, and he had attacked in order to find out what it was. Paul had told him. That had to have been why he looked so angry
I am aware, Brynna, that things may have escalated between you and Mr. Valz very quickly, and that he may have rattled you. However, to run off without telling either James or me where you were going
My stars, you two are a band of brothers this evening, joined together by a joint mission of female suppression! I said through a sigh of genuine aggravation.
Are you leveling the accusation of sexism at me again? Please know that now is not the time. I am quite upset with you. Now what could have been so terribly world-altering that you had to run off into the night alone without a word to any of us? I was ready to beat that man to death if he did not tell me what had been said to upset you so.
He just I stopped, realizing that there was no way that I could tell him about what Paul had given me without revealing the whole sordid truth. Adam, I need to tell you something, and I should have told you before now so many times, but I was afraid that if you knew I had even considered it, you would
I do not even know what to say to you right now! Jamess voice echoed up the corridor and startled me again.
Goddamn it! I exclaimed, so sick of feeling that sudden lurch in my chest and that nauseating mixture of heat and cold that was the adrenaline my body sent pumping through me in response to the sudden shock of a loud voice or jarring sight.
Like, I want to refer to you by your full name, but thats a little bit creepy, and I kind of want to whack you upside the head, but thats mildly abusive. What the fuck, Brynna?! 
Just because I have embraced a more lenient policy on using profane terms myself does not mean that I wish to hear them all the time, James Maxwell, and if using your full name is creepy, then consider me a creeper. Also, what is it with you two thinking that you can tell me what to do? If ever I decide to run off for a few moments of solace again, should I expect to face interrogative techniques similar to what would be used on a known terrorist? Or maybe you will just ask me fifty questions! God or Gods, you two are annoying!
With that, I stormed off, thinking about how often I seemed to be storming off, away from either aggravating or anxiety-provoking situations. 
Stop. Stop. Stop. James said, and he had caught up to me with a few quick strides. We were out of Adams earshot now, and he grasped my arm and gently turned me to face him. This is about what we discussed, isnt it? Is that what you were getting ready to tell him in the hallway? Did Paul say he was going to tell him?
James, shes alive.
For a long minute, he looked at me.
Are you sure?
I am almost positive. Look. I pulled the rings from my back pocket and dropped them into his hand. My father had that big one made for her for their twentieth anniversary. The other one they claim she had around her neck, hence the chain.
Baby, he could have brought these. Or they could have made them. Jannas people make jeans and jewelry and all sorts of things that we had on Earth. Batteries and lights, plus the Pangaeans in the city had cars. They could have made these just for this.
I thought that, too. But would they really have gone through all of that just to I dont know, get to me?
Not get to you, baby. They want Adam and Janna, and theyll do anything to get them.
But theres a chance that she really is up there, James, and now he is saying that she is not going to be alive for much longer because she is really sick.
So, what do you want to do, baby?
I dont know. I have not the slightest clue what to do, James. I cannot trade Adam, but I cannot leave her to die if in fact, she is up there. I just want to tell him. If I tell him that my intention has always been to pretend that we were going to trade him only so we could see if they were bluffing or not
But is that the truth, Brynna? Did you ever consider the alternative?
I began to shake my head but then I stopped.
Thats what I thought. Brynn He put his hand on my face, This is a mess. And if I can feel that there is something really bad coming, then I know you can. So, we need to pack up as much as we can to get by, pack up the girls, and tell Alice, Nick, and Quinn, and then we need to go.
Go where, James? Where are we going to run?
I dont know. Were just going to run. Were going to get away before he can find out and hurt you.
I just dont think that he could hurt me.
He could, and he will. So, we need to go.
But James, if he finds out about this, he is going to turn on everyone. You know that if he feels that I betrayed him, he is going to distrust all humans, and then so many lives are in danger. I dont know for sure what he will do, but I do know that I will not leave these people here to suffer whatever it is.
Baby, youre going to have to.
No, I do not have to do anything. I stood on my tiptoes and kissed him quickly. We need to just see how this plays out. If things go sour, we will leave. In the meantime, I think we should tell people we can trust that something potentially dangerous might be coming so they can be ready.
Okay. Youre right. He sighed and rolled his eyes. Just like always. God, youre annoying.
Well, that makes two of us. I returned his kiss when his lips pressed to mine. This is going to be a disaster, isnt it? All because I thought for maybe a minute and a half that I might trade him for her.
He shook his head and kissed me again.
No worries, baby. Not yet, anyway. Okay?
I nodded.
Okay.
***

I heard James and Penny in her room as he put her to bed. I was in the kitchen, washing the dishes, but I could still hear bits and pieces of the story he was telling her over the clinking of the glasses and the running water. Every few minutes, I heard her hysterical giggles, and then, after I had turned the water off, I heard her clapping as James finished his tale of ninjas and princesses (or maybe it was ninja princesses). 
Alright, its time to go to sleep, turnip.
Cant you tell me the story one more time? I like the part about the zombie hedgehogs the best!
Tomorrow night, I promise. Its late, and youve got school in the morning.
She sighed heavily, and I could almost picture her rolling her eyes to the heavens. I heard him mimic her, and I could picture him rolling his eyes, too. 
Stop! She laughed.
You know how Brynn always lectures you about the importance of a good nights sleep. Shed be mad at me if I kept you up any longer, and we all know how scary Brynn is when shes angry.
They both laughed conspiratorially, and I rolled my eyes, though I was certainly smiling.
Youre right. She said, She is scary, and I do need to sleep. Violet says that if she doesnt sleep at least nine hours a night, she cant do any work at school or in her training. But Dr. Miletus says that shes doing the best job out of anyone!
See? So she must be getting those nine hours, right? Only then does her huge brain work the way its supposed to. And I know that your huge brain needs just as much sleep. So well hold off the sequel to the tale of ninjas versus princesses versus zombie hedgehogs until morning. Okay?
Okay. I heard him kiss her forehead, and when I peeked around the wall, I saw that as he tried to pull away, she threw her arms around his middle and held him tightly.
Im so glad youre home again, James.
He was quiet, and I knew that he was trying to hide how deeply those words affected him, but when he spoke, I could hear the emotion in his voice.
Me too, baby. Hey How much do I love you?
More than any other girl in the whole world.
And would I ever trade you?
Not for any other girl in the whole world.
Thats right. He kissed her forehead again, Goodnight, baby.
Goodnight, Daddy. 
I covered my mouth, shocked that I had finally heard her call him Daddy. He had told me that she slipped sometimes, and I knew that she slipped with me all the time and called me Mama, but now I knew that she did the same to him. My heart beat more quickly at the thought of it, because I was so afraid of disappointing her; truly, nothing else would devastate me more than for Penny to lose her father-figure the way I had lost my actual father. Mine and Jamess relationship was shaky at best, though we had been together for nearly two years. Over those two years, we had experienced so many ascents and sudden crashes; when things finally plateaued, we waited with baited breath for the next up or the next down, even after we both promised to keep things steady and even. Still, I was not going to correct Penny, because in her heart, I could sense the comfort he brought her and the eternal love she had for him. We were her parents, and because we were her parents, we were her entire world. As I moved back to the sink to finish the dishes, I felt the tightness in the back of my throat that signaled incoming tears, which I quickly wiped away. I loved them both so much, and I did not want anything to change.
He was behind me, expertly kneading his thumbs into my back until he found the tense spots. It was so strangein fact, it was almost unrealhow good his hands felt on me always. I loved when he came up behind me, and massaged my shoulders, or rubbed my back, or put his arm around me. I have described the warm feeling that took hold of me whenever he touched me, but I cannot truly describe to you how good it felt. Several times, I had tried to analyze that feeling, though I was always afraid that doing so would take away its magic. But the conclusion I had drawn was that I had spent so long fearing the touch of a man that his touchhis gentle, loving toucheswere my assurance of safety, that he loved me and would not hurt me, that no one would ever hurt me again. It was my assurance that Michael was the worst of his kind, but I did not have to fear him anymore. 
Good Lord, woman, you need a chiropractor. He told me, and I laughed softly. The laugh dissolved into a slow release of air as my head lolled forward and then to the side. That helping? 
Mm-hmm. I murmured, my eyes closed. 
He kissed the back of my head and continued to massage me. 
Good.
The tension was being released slowly, and every part of me felt less fragile, more flexible. My shoulders could relax or they could move freely, whichever they chose. My neck was no longer stiff and could move by its own will once again. His fingers sought out the spots where I was in the most pain and cured me effortlessly. 
Youre all I think about sometimes. I said randomly.
Oh, yeah?
Yes. Sometimes, you dont realize you are doing it, but you just make me want you so badly. Sometimes, we will be out, or you will be working, or you will come sauntering through the door, and I just want to
What, baby?
I just want to rip your clothes off and throw you down right there, wherever we are.
You can rip my clothes off of me any time you want, Brynna. He said, and I could hear that he was slightly breathless. You can have anything you want from me whenever you want it. I always want you. There isnt a moment in the day when I dont want you. 
I dont even know why Im saying this. I told him, and truly, I didnt know. All I knew was that I sometimes suffered from the most agonizing lust for him, and I had never experienced such truly painful sexual longing for another human being in all of my years. Of course, I had never been with a man, only a woman, but even with Rachel, whom I did love, I never felt that violent lust. I wanted her; I liked having sex with her. But I had been so disconnected, so dysfunctional at the time. I had tried to hide from my own sexual urges, from my love for her. I was afraid of her, because she was a threat to my safe, solitary existence. James had been a similar threat, and in fact, he was worse, because he was a man, and an older man at that, but I was a little older when we had met, and I had been slowly regaining my function, slowly re-connecting my heart.
I just thought about it today, when we were standing around, waiting to go in to see Paul. I just see you, and I suddenly feel so thankful that I have you, because I do not have to pretend with some younger guy, or torture myself waiting for a younger guy to turn into you. I never wanted a boyfriend when I was younger because I could not summon even the slightest bit of sexual interest in a young man. Still today, I see the young boys that Violet and Alice positively drool over, and I feel nothing, James. But for you, it is violent.
He pulled me slightly so my back was rested against his front, and his hand came around in front of me, ran up my chest, and cupped under my chin. Gently, he pulled my head back and up so he could kiss my neck, lightly at first, but then, a little deeper each time. He pulled my shirt down so his lips could move from my neck down my shoulder.
 You are so freakishly good-looking all the time, and I love you so much, James, so much it scares me. I want you so badly sometimes that its an uncontrollable rage. I want you so badly sometimes that it hurts me.
With his hand that was not holding my head up, he rubbed over the front of my pants. Just as my hips began to push me further into his hand, so I could feel his touch better, he slid his hand beneath the waistline of my sweatpants, and began to rub me over my underwear. As his hand moved so perfectly, my head tilted back further. His lips came to my ear.
 You will have He kissed me just underneath of my ear, anything you want from me He licked my earlobe, whenever you want it always. His hand came away from my chin and slid down my chest into my tank top, and a shudder passed through me as he grasped my breast in one hand firmly and squeezed. The other hand stopped rubbing me to push my sweatpants down my legs. My hand raised and wrapped backwards around his neck. My underwear were on the floor, and one of his fingers was inside of me. A slow breath escaped me, and I wanted desperately for him to dispense with the foreplay and get on with it, because I was experiencing that absolutely painful feeling between my legs I had described to him. 
Oh, youre all ready for me, arent you? He asked, and I nodded.
Just do it, James. 
Should I? I seem to remember you playing a very nasty trick on me, when we were in the ring at the training facility. He said, and he slid a second finger inside of me, and one of my moan-sighs escaped me. In response to that sound he loved so much, he released a deep breath. Youre making it hard for me, but I dont think Im going to let this be that easy for you.
Oh, James I sighed, as my back pressed further into him. You cant hold me responsible for what I did when we were broken u My words dissolved into a moan when his other hand squeezed my breast even harder than before. He pulled his fingers from inside of me, and because I felt so full, so in need of orgasmic release, my hand came forward to finish what he had started. 
Nope, He said, and he grasped the wrist of the hand I had tried to use. Out of reflex, my other hand flew down, but he grabbed that one, too, and pulled both behind my back. You know how much I love to watch you, but like I said, youre not getting off that easy.
I wanted to say that he had made a pun, but my astute attention to all things linguistic was somehow lacking in that moment, though I could not imagine why 
James, stop teasing me, and just do it. I ordered firmly, and he laughed softly. He was only planting light, peck-like kisses on my neck now, and I struggled against the grip he had on my hands. 
I dont think so. He said, Do you have any idea what that was like for me? What you did?
I dont care, James, just do it! You deserved what I did to you!
Maybe I did. But I had been missing you for months, thinking about you every night, turning down other women who said theyd help me forget you, and then you came at me like that, and I have never wanted anything in my life more than I wanted to have you right then. 
I hate you so much right now I said, and my legs were pressing together tightly, and my hips were pushing outwards; I was literally squirming, and still, he would not touch me. In that moment, I was so beyond irritation, so beyond anger. I did not actually hate him, but I wanted to turn around and slap him for what he was doing to me. I wanted to storm away and handle my screaming sexual desires myself, even though I wanted him so badly.
Do you? He asked, So, I should stop?
Just as I began to struggle against his grip again, I heard him unzip his pants. 
No I moaned, Please, James Its
I know, baby. I know. He said, I can feel how badly you want me.
You better not let go of my hands, because I am going to slap you so hard that you are going to be knocked into tomorrow, James Maxwell. I hissed at him.
He laughed hard at that and released my hands. Because I knew he had only released me to see if I would stay true to my word, and because I meant it when I said it, I spun around and swung my open hand to hit him. He caught my wrist, pulled me away from the sink, and pressed my back to the wall beside the kitchen table. I swung my other hand to hit him, and he grabbed that wrist, too. Both of my wrists were held over my head, and when I went to knee him between the legs, he dodged and then dropped his weight onto me to keep me firmly pressed to the wall..
You son of a bitch I spat at him, because now, I was writhing, breathing heavily, my heart pounding so heavily; I needed to come, the dense, heavy longing between my legs was so intense. His mouth came forward and claimed mine, and I kissed him fiercely, violently, attacking his tongue with my own, murmuring, You son of a bitch, I hate you, I love you, I hate you, whenever my mouth was free long enough and my mind was able to articulate the thoughts in my head. 
Should I stop? Do you want me to stop? He asked.
No. I whispered.
I cant hear you, baby.
No! I snapped at him, and he pressed his erection to me. 
Do you feel that? He asked, and he sucked my neck hard. I nodded. Thats what you do to me. You dont even have to touch me. All I have to do is watch you, and touch you, and hear you moaning, and Im there. You are so perfect, but youre also not, and God, it turns me on, Brynna.
He was unbuttoning the front of my shirt, and his lips were kissing my bare skin beneath it. All the way down to my lower stomach, he kissed me, and then, when I expected to feel his tongue moving between my legs, he came up, pushing my shirt off and shedding his own. As my hand reached out to run down his chest, his mouth came down to take one of my breasts inside, and his tongue was flicking rapidly around and over my nipples. When he sucked one hard, I actually whimpered, knowing that I was seconds away, if he would just touch me, or let me touch myself 
But instead, he rose, pushed his jeans and boxers down, and slowly spread my legs. His lips were pressed to mine, and I was expecting to feel his fingers inside of me again, but a soft exclamation of surprise left my lips when he slowly pushed all of himself into me. That soft exclamation turned to a long, deep moan, and then, he could not restrain himself any longer. I was up, my back sliding up the wall, my body supported in both of his hands. I wrapped my legs around his strong torso, and I wrapped my arms around his neck. Never before had he ridden me so hard, and never before had I felt such savage vibrations throughout my entire body. From my middle, those radiations shot up and down, leaving me biting my lip to suppress absolute screams of something far beyond ecstasy, far beyond total and complete fulfillment. Never before had he been able to slide in and out of me so fast, or so fluidly. In a blink, my back was on our kitchen table, my legs were on his shoulders, and he was moving even more quickly, pushing even harder. My back arched, moving by my bodys desperate need to come; instinctually, I had adjusted so he could hit my spot perfectly. I counted down from five thrusts, knowing that on the last, I would release. I covered my mouth, but he pulled my hand away, and it finally happened; finally, I was coming, crying out his name, my entire body warm and full and throbbing with the power of that orgasm. But he was nowhere near done; his stamina seemingly knew no bounds, and I knew that I could not do it again I couldnt possibly come again
But I did. It was minutes later, but I came again, this time unable to suppress a louder moan. It was this louder moan that supplied the final push for James. He made a grunting noise and after a moment, collapsed onto me. My hands came up, ran down the back of his hair, and back up again. My arms tightened around him as he breathed heavily against me, moaning softly.
Youre going to kill me, woman. I swear to God.
Dont say that, loser! I whacked him hard in the back of the head, and he laughed. I didnt even know that was possible. Two in a row
Have you not realized that I am Zeus?
Youre a rape-bird? Get off of me.
He laughed raucously, and I found myself laughing just as hysterically. He kissed me deeply, and then, he moved down to kiss my chest.
I didnt hurt you, did I?
Did it sound like you were hurting me? 
Not at all.
Exactly. That was I stopped, unable to find the right word.
See? I must be like Zeus if I could render Brynna Olivier speechless.
Do not develop a God complex just because you can provoke me to make strange sounds while we are having amazing sex, James Maxwell.
His lips broke away, ceasing their kisses down my stomach, and his head jerked up so he was looking at me. He began to speak with the eloquence and gusto of an actor performing Shakespeare, and I rolled my eyes, trying and failing to fight a smile of genuine amusement.
Then what of it, madam? What other words, all useless, can I use to describe such splendor? What other words, all inaccurate, all ineffective, can describe such an occurrence so rare, so strange?
You are always so proud of yourself when you come up with the sentences intended to mock me.
Damn straight. Now, come, you most perfect creation. I know that it is time for your daily bath in the royal tub, and after the tumultuous day you have had, you fierce, violent crusader of all that is righteous and just, you deserve for me to wait on you hand and foot, and so I shall. He lifted me into his arms and carried me off to the bathroom as I laughed hysterically.
Sir James Maxwell, I love you tremendously. Do you know that? I asked, as he laid me down on our bed. 
I do know, for the minstrels sing of our love. And I love you passionately. Utterly, completely, passionately. And may you never forget it.
I surely will not.
***

What exactly is it that you came here for, Paul? Adam asked him, Surely you knew that you would more than likely be killed.
Yes. I did. But it was a risk I was willing to take. 
I was asleep, tossing and turning beside James. 
And why would you take such a risk?
Oh Paul sighed, For the sake of travel. Seeing the sights. Watching the natives. Experiencing the culture.
I highly recommend that you begin answering seriously. It is only a matter of time before my husband loses the grip on his temper. That grip never fails to only be loose, I must warn you. So you will want to answer truthfully now. Why are you here, Paul Valz?Janna asked, in that slow, almost slurring, catlike purr of a voice. She was trying to seduce an answer out of him, using her feminine wiles to make sure that the answer he gave was truthful.
I actually came to talk to you about Brynna Olivier.
Oh, there is that name again! By the one God, that girl must bathe daily in pheromones. Janna spat furiously.
I can see your wife is privy to your affairs with Daniels daughter.
Affairs? What affairs? Janna asked so quickly that if I had been there, I would have laughed openly at her pathetic desperation and jealousy. Tell me now, Paul, or I will
I have told my wife all that occurred between Brynna and myself. As she has been engaging in similar behaviors with Brynnas brother and boyfriend, I feel no guilt in those occurrences. In fact, I would not have felt a sliver of guilt either way. But this is irrelevant, and
You and Elijah Olivier? An interesting pairing, most certainly. Those Olivier children, they love their scandalous romances, dont they? The strapping older brother canoodling with the breathtaking wife of the First King of Purissimus; the exiled daughter wrapped tightly around a man twice her age, while secretly harboring deep, unwavering feelings for none other than the aforementioned First King of Purissimus
You will only speak of her when you are explaining your earlier mention of her. You will not speak of her in this way! You will not disparage her in front of me, Valz. Do you understand?
Yes, do say you understand. Janna drawled irritably with a roll of her eyes. Her gleaming white cheek was rested in her thin, elegant palm. 
I do not think that you will be asking me to withhold my critiques, though what I said earlier was certainly not a critique, more of an observation. Once you learn the information I am now going to share, you will be saying worse about her than I have. But you might want to brace yourself, for your dear Brynna has been playing you for a fool
I awoke with a gasp and an abrupt jolt upwards. My eyes were white, and the adrenaline was kicking my heart into overdrive before I had even fully awoken. I was ready to run to the prison. Already, the words I would need for my desperately apologetic explanation were beginning to link together to form sentences, until I had rehearsed a rough outline of all that I would say to him. James had not awoken, because I had not made nearly as much of a fuss as I normally did after a nightmare or vision, and very carefully, I eased myself off of the bed so as not to wake him. 
Before my jeans had even been pulled on completely, I was running out the door, buttoning and zipping them as I zoomed off towards the jail. 
Adam was long gone by the time I arrived. Not a hint of his scent remained in the building. The night guard was asleep, and in my haste to reach Paul, I did not even begin to think that he was not only sleeping, though I do remember distinctly acknowledging that he was Earthean and not Pangaean.
It is a lie. Tell me. Tell me it is a lie, Janna.
As I walked closer and closer to Pauls cell, the residual effects of their emotionally chaotic and mentally straining conversation began to invade my mind, settling in so I could process and understand the implications and possibly predict what was to come.
Read this mans heart, and you tell me that he is lying! Do it now!
I am telling you this now because you deserve a fighting chance. Her father tried to beat the devil out of her but couldnt. And now she has lied and betrayed you just like all those who cannot be saved lie and betray and hurt
When I reached the end of the corridor where Pauls cell was located, I slammed my open hand against the bars, sending them cracking inwards at an alarming angle. 
Oh Paul sat up, rubbing his eyes in what was almost convincing sleepiness. Hello. Sorry, I had dozed off. My goodness He smiled slightly, and luckily his hideous smirk was hidden under his thick gray beard. He gestured to the broken bars. Even more evidence that you all can do amazing things when you are angry.
Why would you tell him?! What was the point?! You wanted me to deliver him to you
and you were not going to deliver him. I could see it in your eyes. I could read it in your body. You were backing out. You were unsure about it, most definitely. But you were withdrawing from our arrangement. Your obvious withdraw was taken as a violation of our verbal contract, and alas, I spilled the beans, as they say, to Adam.
Leaving out the part, of course, about how you knew I was not going to go through with it!
Leaving out the part, also, about how you were going to try to bamboozle us into giving you your mother back with his help. Honestly, though, Ms. Olivier, if you were planning on doing that, you would have said so from the very beginning. You would have told him what I had offered you right after you escaped. Why didnt you?
Because 
I know the answer: You were not willing to risk the chance of being discovered in your bamboozlement if your mothers life would be compromised and possibly lost all over again. You would not have her death on your conscience twice. He said the last word with a lighthearted emphatic lilt and even held up two fingers. His personality consisted of traits and quirks that would be ideal in a childrens show hosts: a never-failing tendency to demonstrate physically what he was talking about, a never-failing tone of almost blissful content mixed with near-excitement, and also, a glint in his eye that, in the case of the childrens show host, would be merely a slight shine of pleasant, completely benign immaturity, but in Paul, was actually a hint of the sadistic, manipulative monster that lurked beneath the whole faade. 
So, I told Adam. Now your whole way of life will crumple, the fragile peace that you have built with him and his people will be broken, the old prejudice he felt towards our kind will be rejuvenated with a breath of life and a roar of indignant fury at your terrible betrayal. It is quite thrilling, dont you think, how it all turned out? Now, our plan proceeds as continued, we win the war, and together, your people and my people will live out the rest of our immortal lives. If I had the materials here, I would be mixing us drinks, because by mistake, you contributed to our victory, Brynna Olivier, and I thank you for that.
No one knows where you are.
Surely, they do now. You see He stood up and sauntered over to the bars, his smile fading, his eyes becoming shadowed, and his tone darkening. I arrived here under the pretense that I wanted to know whether you were still in on our deal. However, my arrival here was the catalyst to set a few reactions into motion. First and foremost, the people that we have had buried in your camp all this time saw me and are currently sending messages amongst themselves to make sure that they are all informed of my arrival. They are all receiving little blue gemstones like this one He pulled at the chain around his neck and on it hung a blue gem the size of a penny. This will keep the airborne tree-beast venom from muddling their minds. So, since they do not have to fear becoming lost and disoriented in the woods, those people will discreetly take off into the wilderness from different points around the entire circumference of the village. They will run as far out as they can, in a straight line, and mark the trees, and then return. Some will head towards our agreed upon location, marking their trail as they went so they can lead our people back here. And that is how the Old Spirits, as you call us, will come to occupy your pleasant forest village. You will more than likely spend the rest of your immortal life onboard the Lapsarian, though I strongly believe that you will not last very long as a free imprisoned woman there; one of those men will snatch you up and make you his the second you get one foot on the cold metal floor, and James will be there with you. Should he try to help you, one of those baddies will snap him in half, because though he is a Protector, he will be unable to protect you from the likes of them. Adam will be executed publicly, and Queen Janna will be degraded and sold off to the highest bidder. But if no one wants her after all we do to her, she will be onboard the Lapsarian, too. And all of this, my dear, is your doing. If you and I had not made our deal, I would have had no reason to be here, thus you would have never lead me back to your camp. Through the bars, he grasped my hand. So thank you. Thank you so much, Brynna.
Was she alive? I asked, and my voice was trembling in a rage I knew could become tangible. Beneath my death grip on the bars, I could feel heat burning. He had tricked me. He had played me. He had done both so easily. I was supposed to be All-Knowing. How had he been able to fool me so easily?
The answer was as easy as his manipulation: He had sought out an emotional weakness in me and exploited it. I had done it to others too many times to count and just as effortlessly. 
It still boils my blood to say, even now, but like many others before me, some wiser, some not, I had been beaten at my own game by my own game. 
Was she alive?! I demanded, and when I banged the bars again, they buckled even more severely. 
His grin grew even wider, and that glint in his eyes brightened even more in his sadistic glee. 
I dont know, sweetheart. Why dont you use that power you sold your soul for and tell me? But really, it is deceptive of me to say that you sold your soul. Rumor has it you had no soul to sell.
Tell me if she was alive, Paul!
No. He said simply.
No, she is not alive, or
No. Just no.
Everything collapsed. Thoughts, rational judgment, common sense, everything that elevated me above animals, disappeared completely. My five senses were more alive than they had ever been, though, and my killer instinct was so strong that an army tank standing right in my path, firing missiles at me, could not have stopped me from killing that man. It had all been a lie. Everything was a lie. Worse, I had been taken in by it. I had believed it, and now every person for whom I was responsible, over five thousand people, were going to face the fight of their lives. I had betrayed my friend, a man for whom I cared deeply. Our whole lives would fall apart because of me. Because of a minute and a half that I had considered betraying him
Baby! Baby! Brynna!
James had pulled me away, and I was shrieking, my fangs clashing together noisily as my jaws snapped open and shut. I could taste his blood, I could hear him screaming, I could see him writhing on the floor My senses were heightened, and not only did they enhance my ability to kill or maim, but they helped me enjoy the act of it. The taste of his blood did not disgust me; in fact, my tongue was licking up what was around my lips. My mind remained clear, but my eyes drooped as I inhaled deeply the scent of his blood; it was as though I was becoming high on it, and his screams enhanced that strange high. Even after James had pulled me back through the bars that I had ripped sideways in order to gain entry to Pauls cell, I was still screeching, pushing against his grasp around my upper body in an effort to free myself from it. He had to carry me to the waiting area of the jail over his shoulder.
Come back to me, baby. Come on.
James was trying to hold my face, but I was jerking it away in an effort to keep looking behind him, down the corridor where Paul was. Every time I tried to move sideways to get past him, he moved with me, grasping my arms when I went to push him out of the way.
Brynna. He said only somewhat firmly. Look at me, baby.
I did, and the second his face had registered in my mind in all its comforting familiarity and breathtaking handsomeness, I flung myself towards him, attacking his mouth with my own. The two highs were so similar in their intensity that it was very easy to become confused. The desire to kill was bred from rage, and a different ragea violent, angry hungerdrove sex, at least some of the time. 
Baby, stop. Brynna, stop. Brynna 
My hand was rubbing him hard on the outside of his jeans, remembering earlier in the night, when we had made love on the kitchen table, and later, when we had made love again in the bathtub, and still again, when we had made love for the last time in our bed. My lips were pressing to his neck. Without any hint that I was going to do it, I slipped my hand into his pants.
Baby, we cant. He grasped my wrist to stop me. We cant right now.
When I looked at him, I saw that his eyes, which had been brown only a moment earlier, were swirled with white; my condition was contagious. 
We need to get Penny and Violet together, and we need to go, sweetheart. He told me.
At the mention of Penny and Violet, my eyes dissolved back to their natural blue but one shade darker. My worry was visible, and when he continued, it did not abate. It only worsened.
Adam is on a rampage, apparently. Hes looking for you.
He is looking for me, and you left Penny and Violet.
Savannah is hiding them, and Alice, Quinn, and Nick. Ive been looking for Eli, but I cant find him. Paul told him, didnt he? Thats why you attacked him?
No. He did tell him, but that is not why I attacked him. James, I have not seen Adam since he found out, but I have heard some of what he said, and felt some of what he felt, and he is angry, certainly, and he feels betrayed, but that betrayal hurts him greatly. I may be able to calm him if I just explain to him
No. James replied firmly, I know you want to give me an earful for telling you what to do, and I promise, Ill welcome the tirade later, but right now, we need to go. Savannah has her kids packed, Rachel is ready to go, Tom, Tony, and Mrs. Rose are ready. So, lets go home, lets pack up our stuff, and lets leave here before this gets completely out of control.
James, where are we going to go? I asked, and for just a minute, my frustration seeped through the faade of calm I was trying so hard to uphold. There are Shadows, and tree-beasts, and water-serpents, and lions, and
And well just have to keep our eyes open, and keep moving until we find somewhere safe to lay low until all this blows over.
What if he kills all of our people? What if were
I am concerned about us. End of story. And you can look at me like youre looking at me right now, like Im the most heartless son of a bitch to ever live, but I am getting my people, my friends, my family, out of this situation. Now, because you possess such a philanthropic streak these days, I took care to send word through the appropriate channels that bad times are coming.
Are you really disparaging me for my concern for others? And what appropriate channels? What channels do you know that I do not know? What are you even talking about right now?
Im a man with secrets. He took my hand, and we began to walk quickly, Must I share them all with you and kill the mystery? No? Thats right. Now, come on. We are going to go get your stuff, and then we are getting out of here.
I still think there are more diplomatic ways of going about this. Just let me talk to him, James. Lets just go to his house, and I will talk him down. I will explain what happened.
Baby, I am not condescending you when I say this, but did you not hear what I just said? He is on a rampage looking for you.
That is condescending even if you say it is not intended to be, and also, you cannot condescend someone. You can speak condescendingly. You can use condescension. But you cannot condescend, at least not in this context.
Thank you, Mrs. Webster, for the completely inappropriately timed grammar lesson.
It was not a grammar lesson. It was a vocabulary lesson, but all of this condescension towards you is unimportant and inappropriately timed, as you said. Also, if he is looking for us, why in either world would we be returning to the house? If you do not want him to find us, I mean.
Because he has already checked there and is now in search of us elsewhere. Plus, he knows that you would say that.
James, this is ridiculous! I exclaimed, Adam and I have established a friendship, and I know that that does not make you happy, but in this case, you cannot be too upset about it. I will be able to talk him down, as they say.
Brynna, I know I am going to get an earful for this one, but I am about to knock you over the head and carry you out of here. Im not even joking. Youre completely missing what Ive been saying. He is hunting you down, and he is livid. Tony and Tom say that he literally ripped their door off the hinges to get in there and look for you. When he finds Paul, he is going to take that you attacked him as confirmation. You two arent friends anymore, sweetheart. Okay?
I should slap you in the face for so many things that you just said.
Wouldnt be the first time.
We had reached our house. 
First, I should slap you for threatening me with assault and what is essentially kidnapping. And that would not be the first time for you! Then, I should slap you for once again being condescending towards me. If you want me to obey you without question and get down on my knees and honor thy boyfriend, maybe we should just go become Old Spirits! Maybe I should just forget all of my feminist leanings and the belief in equal standings of men and women such feminist leanings afford me, and just stand behind you quietly, biding my time until you throw me down at your leisure but certainly not at mine, and
Baby
Do not baby me! I shouted, You have been completely untoward since we left the jail, and
Come here.
No! How many times have I told you that I will not follow orders, especially not those barked at me by a man hopped up on his own testosterone, and
Very gently, he grasped my hands and pulled me closer to him. Very gently, he kissed my forehead, moved down to my cheek, and then cut off my tirade by very gently kissing my lips. 
Im sorry. He told me, Im just a little panicked. You know how that turns me into an asshole. Need I recount for you the arguments we had in the car when we were driving to the ship? He asked, and we both laughed softly. I just want to get us out of here, baby. I just want to get you somewhere safe. Im afraid for you. I know you dont think hell hurt you, but I know he will. You know things because of your power and because of instinct, and I might just have the latter, but thats enough in this case. I love you, and I need you to trust me now. I need you to let me get you out of here. 
I just think
Baby Just give me this one. Just this once. Please?
I looked up at him. For what felt like a lifetime, my intense, stubborn gaze met his. Another first was being experienced right then: the first time I put aside my beliefs that were to the contrary of his and agreed. After I nodded, he kissed my forehead twice. 
Thank you.
He unlocked the door and tapped my butt twice the way he sometimes did when I was supposed to walk ahead of him. I laughed as I always did and took his arm to wrap it around my waist as we walked. 
Because we were touching, when Jannas seizure of his heart struck, it took us both down. 
The light clicked on, and James wrenched his hand off of me with great difficulty. He did not yell out in pain but I could see blood streaming from the corner of his mouth and knew that he had bitten his tongue and his teeth still had not released. 
James! I exclaimed, but just as I reached out to wrench his mouth open, he reached out, too.
Dont! He gasped out, Dont touch me!
Janna slunk out from behind the lamp, dressed all in black, her glare fixed hard on James.
Stop it! I screamed at her, and when I jumped up to charge her, James grunted loudly, and his body seized up, his hands clawing at his chest. 
You! He shouted at me, his eyes alight with rage. Ill kill you for it! Ill rip your heart out, you stupid whore! Ill rip your heart out for it!
James, what are you I started to say.
You did it! You did it!
Just to inform you, because you look so very confused, he does not know why he wants to kill you, but I have provoked his rage enough for him to think he has good reason. All I have to do is erase his self-control, which unfortunately for you, takes all of half a second, and with his great strength, he will kill you. And after that, I will not have to reach in and provoke his grief, will I? Not when his worst fear is to hurt you.
Her grip on him released for a moment, and he collapsed to the ground, breathing heavily and sweating profusely. 
Brynna run go please
I would never leave him. As usual, he was only concerned about me, and that never-failing fear for my safety and wellbeing did not drive me to heed his words but instead kept me firmly rooted at his side. Inside of me, his pleas for me to abandon him lit the fire of my protective, indignant rage; I could feel it growing slowly, licking the bottom of a propane tank that would no doubt result in an earth-shaking, throat-ripping, heads-rolling rampage once exploded.
Bitch I hissed to Janna, my eyes so red, I could feel the heat from them. I stood up, my entire body trembling, my fists clenched at my sides, and James immediately seized up again. First, he was keeping his mouth closed tightly, but then, he was gasping and fighting sobs. Tears ran down his cheeks, and his cries intensified; I never could have known it, as I had only seen him shed tears, but that sound broke my heart more painfully than any I had ever heard before, truly. To see him in such a vulnerable state, and to hear the evidence of such vulnerability in his sobs, simultaneously devastated me and angered me further.
Janna, stop it! I shouted at her, I did it! I lied to Adam! I made a deal with Paul! It was me! You will not hurt him for something I did!
Oh, but havent you been listening? He will be the one to kill you. This is just a fraction of what he will feel after you are dead. But do not fret, Brynna; at least while he is doing it His tears dried up, and his sobs stopped abruptly. His eyes turned red, and he was growling, baring his fangs at me, working up what would no doubt be a wall-shaking roar. he will love it. He will relish your screams and take the greatest pleasure in your pain. Your beloved James only thinks he has a reason to kill you. My Adam, on the other hand, does have a good reason. A perfect reason, actually. One to which you just confessed. And
I was beginning to rise onto my feet again, and James gave a shout behind me. 
Please dont. He started begging, Please dont hurt her. Please. 
I just tweaked the fear he feels. Made it louder so he could show you. Janna said, It is actually rather sweet, how very much he loves you, how terribly he fears your death. In his heart, I can see that he thinks his life will end without you. But you know She released him, and he collapsed to the ground, panting again. I waited, letting her talk, knowing that my anger was still rising, heating the bottom of that combustible tanker inside of me; once it reached its maximum threshold of heat tolerance, it would detonate and then, my power would kill her. Easily, it would kill her, but not slowly. For what she was doing, I would never let her die slowly. A few more minutes, and I would be able to not just wrestle the control away from her, but seize it violently
One thing I cannot do is manufacture emotions. I can only provoke that which is already there. Now love is a tricky one, because it branches out into so many variations. Like, lust for instance.
My concentration on my growing anger was broken by the sudden assault of Jamess hands. They were all over me, clawing down my back, running furiously up into my shirt, and then struggling against my own as they worked at the button on my pants. All the while, I turned my head from side to side, trying to dodge his mouth that was trying to assail me with hard, cold kisses. His breaths were heavy and fast, and when I managed to push him, he stormed forward, a renewed fight in him, his desire stronger.
James
She released him, and his sweating body collapsed against me, and he was panting heavily, trying to stifle the sounds of his weak moans in my neck. 
Brynna, please Please, run before she makes me before Baby, please
That was, in its basest form, the desire he feels for you. It is strong, as you can see. But with his love for you erased temporarily, you see how quickly his lust grows violent. Lust, in its most basic carnality, is nothing more than an animals urge to mate for the sake of its species, you know. Alone, it is dangerous. Alone, it is unstoppable, driven by the most basic instinct instilled in us by the one God, to make more of His race. Now that is his lust for you. Only you. But what of his lust for me? 
James flew off of me and was on her, touching her the same way he had been touching me, and kissing her the same way. The sheer aggression of it did not seem to bother her; the smirk on her annoyingly perfect lips never faltered, and after several moments of him fondling her and licking her and kissing her, she was grinning. 
And now you are jealous. Now you are angry, angry that your precious James is nothing more than my little puppet, and that despite all his words that speak to the contrary, he still wants me. It angers you to know he wants me as much as he wants you.
Yes. I hissed, It angers me enough to do this. 
Unfortunately, James was touching her, so when I sent a tidal wave of mental energy bombarding towards her, he felt the pain that was intended only for her. He yelled out, falling to the ground, holding his head in both hands.
Honey, I am sorry. I told him quickly as Janna clawed at her head, not screaming, but squealing.
Just fuck her up He murmured weakly from the floor, for both of us.
The mind gives the heart its power. Didnt you know? I asked in the same deeply sarcastic, completely demeaning tone. Picturing it like the flames of a sudden explosion billowing towards the sky,  I reached my mind into her heart and detonated every last feeling I saw, knowing the effects of it would drive her into deep, possibly endless insanity. I wanted to see her suffer. More than anything else in the world, I wanted to see her in the deepest, darkest pit of sadness and frenzied with rage. I wanted to see her begging desperately in fear to something she did not know, and stifled by love, all the branches of it, broken by it. Envy, greed, pride, all of the deadly sins would combine with her emotions to cripple her first and destroy her second. 
This is nothing, Janna. This is only the beginning, the exposition, the opening act, the tip of the iceburg, as they say.
The adrenaline was pumping through me, clearing my mind first and then kicking it into hyper overdrive; I was speaking quickly and in long, fluid sentences whose intellectual caliber were of my earlier self, the one that had been hidden away, but not lost, after all that had happened in the previous monthsMaura, the trebestia, my father, Ray, Rich, Paul, the possibility (or was it the threat?) of my mother being alive
Janna was thrashing and convulsing on my floor, screaming and crying, begging me to stop, shouting threats. Her breakdown was more intense and vocal than even mine had been when I had been scratched by the trebestia; she was possibly in a worse off state than anyone, ever
Stop stop She begged, when I released her.
But I did not stop. Instead, I let the fire from the explosion inside of her burn, because it could without all of my attention now, and then I turned my gaze to her mind. 
Why dont you get up? I asked her, Maybe you should try to walk it off.
Her body lurched upwards, bringing her to sitting position abruptly. Her feet twisted backwards at an awkward, agonizing angle, and she screamed in pain, tears running down her face now. Almost as though a violent, invisible hand were doing it, her body was pushed forward so she was on all fours, and then she was yanked backwards so she was only on her knees. Her legs straightened suddenly, and she was standing just like I ordered. Immediately, I directed her legs to walk quickly around the room.
Who is a little puppet now? I asked her, and from the floor, James laughed, and I joined in until we were both rather hysterical. He was gaining his strength back, and soon, we both knew, Adam would arrive because Jannas fear would have reached him. James was gearing up for that fight. 
The sound of the door banging open did not startle me, because I had known he would be coming soon. 
Down. He said when James went to jump up, and James, mid-sprint, collapsed to the ground, slid across the hardwood floor, and grasped his chest in both hands, screaming. I sensed that my hold on Janna was the only thing keeping Adam from ripping Jamess heart in half, so I reached out my hand towards Janna and sent her walking briskly towards the window. With a slight flick of my wrist, she jumped up onto the window ledge, her back facing the outside, her eyes wide in alarm at the thought I pushed into her head, which was, of course, of the fifty foot plummet backwards to the ground. 
Let her go. 
Let him go.
You will release her first.
Why? So you can kill him the moment she is free, and then kill me? Adam, I should have told you about this from the beginning. I should have told you right after
The already maroon shade of red in his eyes darkened to black, and he stormed towards me. His grip on James released, and James bolted across the room, grabbed Janna, and held onto her tightly from behind, his hand pushing her head sideways so he could rip into her neck with his fangs if Adam tried to harm me.
If you touch her
My wife will die. Yes. I know.
Adam Janna said, and the desperation in her voice left me scowling and rolling my eyes, but at the same time, feeling ecstatically triumphant. 
You have betrayed me. You have lied to me. You have played me for a fool. Adam growled at me, his voice low, dangerous, and trembling. For that, you will pay dearly, Brynna Olivier. Now, I know that you and your disgusting family and your perversion of a lover and your whole despicable race are cowards, and that you will try to run. I beg of you, do not be so pathetically foolish. For if you leave this village, I will hunt down every last one of your kindman, woman, childand if you thought the mutilated bodies hung in the trees by my house were terrible, your heart will stop at all that I will do! Every one of you, equally, with no mercy, with no thought, will be slaughtered!
I should have continued trying to talk him down. Instead, his threat stoked the fire of my anger, and in that anger, I found the will to push him further.
If we leave? I asked, as though I did not understand.
His hand raised, trembling even more violently, and as he swung it at me, I dodged what would have been a jaw-breaking backhanded slap. When he grabbed onto my shoulders and dragged me towards him, James pushed Janna onto her knees and roared, getting ready to bite into her throat. Quickly, I reached out into his mind and stopped him. 
You will not mock me now! He shouted deafeningly in my face. If you leave, you will die! All of you!
And if we stay?
He laughed, his white fangs glinting in the light from the fire-lamp, his eyes glowing with malice.
I suppose you will just have to wait to find out.
Adam
No. I do not want to hear a word of your lies. Not a single word, Brynna Olivier! 
I never said that I would
I did not realize we were flying through the air until my back had slammed painfully into the hard wooden wall and his hand was pressed to my throat.
What is that? I cannot hear you? He asked as I gasped for air, tugging at his hand. If you were innocent in all of this, you would have told me long before now. If you had not considered it, you would have had no reason to lie. He came forward so his lips were pressed to my ear. You have pained me. His grip released on my throat so he could hold my chin in a crushing grip. His face came away from my ear so he could shout in mine, You have pained me! And for that, you will pay most dearly. Run, and you will regret it, because not only will you and that piece of filth die, but so will Violet, and Elijah, and your dear friends, Rachel, Tony, and Tom, and that woman, Savannah, and her children. And of course He came closer to me, but his gaze diverted from mine for a moment, so will your precious Penelope.
If the loss of all senses had been jarring when I had lost my control with Paul, the moment after he said that was violently so. I broke free of his grasp, punched him hard in the face, sending him staggering backwards. My foot rooted firmly in his stomach and pushed backwards. He stumbled over his feet and then over my coffee table to land splayed on the couch. Before he could even blink, I had zoomed forward and was perched on top of him, holding him down to the couch with my slight weight.
If you ever say their names again
He was struggling to break the grip I had on him, but suddenly, I realized, I had become stronger than him. James had become stronger than him. Perhaps, I wondered, we all had. 
What will you do, Brynna Olivier? Tell me! He shouted.
I will make what you think you can do to me into a preschool jamboree! If you do not want to hear reason, fine. Do not hear it. But do not make threats.
He began to laugh softly, and then, his smile faded, and he had grasped my wrist and twisted. I will confess that I did scream in pain when the bone broke in half.
Get out! James bellowed deafeningly, and I realized, through my agony, that he was beside me now. 
Tell the little girl to say that she will not leave.
GET OUT! To our left, one of the windows broke.
Adam scooped Janna up and carried her to the door. 
Brynna Olivier, you have crossed me once. If you do it again by leaving, you will be sorry. I will deal with you soon. Stay put.
Adam, I swear to God James shouted, but he was gone. Upon looking at me, his eyes turned light brown again, and his voice lowered. Alright, sweetheart. Are you okay? Let me see it. Gently, he pried my wrist away from my chest, where I had been cradling it protectively. 
Dont! I exclaimed, my voice threatening to crack as tears of pain poured into my eyes but did not fall. 
Im not going to hurt you, baby. I promise.
My wrist was twisted into a sickening S-shaped curve. Already, Adams handprint had bruised into my skin, a constant reminder that it was him, a man I considered to be a friend, to whom I had grown so very close, who had hurt me.
Come on. James kissed my forehead as he began to lift me. Ive got you. He kissed my cheek. Come on. He kissed my lips.
Are you alright? I asked him, and my voice was barely audible.
Im fine. Dont worry about me.
You always say that. I told him as he sat me down on the counter in the kitchen. 
Im so sorry. For what she made me do
You know exactly what I am going to say.
Shut up?
No! I replied, I am going to say that your key phrase in that sentence was what she made me do. So, do not apologize.
I know, but I was trying to move my broken wrist, my face contorted into what was no doubt a hideous grimace of pain. Alright. Alright, hold it right here. 
Dont! I exclaimed again when he went to touch it. Even though his grasp was so gentle, I still jumped nearly off of the counter. 
Trust me, baby. Im not going to hurt you. Just trust me. Hold it to your chest again. Good. Hang on. Let me get something to set it, baby.
He started to walk away, but with my uninjured hand, I reached out and grasped his; I had felt the strike of fear in my heart at him not being with me, but I had not known that my body had reacted. My needs had a way of acting by their own volition. He looked back at me just as tears began to silently stream from my eyes.
This is my fault, and I am so sorry, James. I am, and if you want out of this
This? He asked, This? What is this?
With my uninjured hand, I gestured in violent exasperation between the two of us.
This! You and me. Us. Our relationship. When I have complicated things so terribly, you should not have to suffer the consequences. When I have made a mistake, you should not have to pay for it with your life, which it appears Adam will make you do.
So, because I shouldnt have to do those things, I should just leave you to do them on your own? Is that how its supposed to be? Brynna Olivier against the world?
Well, it is certainly not that I want it that way, but it is not like you have to say it like it could never happen
Oh, believe me, I know it could happen, but I dont want it to. Baby, I could give you a lecture about how because were a couple, we face everything together, not just everyday, run-of-the-mill stuff, like Penny getting sick, or Violet being a hooligan, or paying Dons ridiculous crops-tax. But then youre going to say that because I am teaching you something you dont know or dont grasp very well that Im talking down to you, and while I love your in-depth reprimands very much, I just want you to try to recuperate from having your wrist snapped in half by that son of a bitch
Would you stop making jokes slash using sarcasm for a minute and just listen to me!
I was not angry, but I did start to cry. Quickly, I covered my face and just as quickly, he was apologizing (even though he did not need to) and kissing my forehead over and over. 
I dont want anything to happen to you! I cried, I love you, and I want you to be alright, James! I would not be able to stand it if something happened to you because of a mistake I made! Dont you understand that?! I would not be able to stand it if I lost you, but especially if I lost you due to a fault of my own. I would not be able to stand it, James Maxwell, so I am telling you that you need to go! I am not asking anymore! I am telling you!
Yeah? He asked.
Yes! Now go!
He raised my head so I was looking at him.
Your mistakes are my mistakes, if and when you make them, and what you did is not a mistake. But your problems are my problems, also. So, youd best save your breath, Brynna Olivier, because were going to figure this out together. Theres nothing you can say that will make me leave. I wont let you face him on your own.
Youll be the first one he kills, James. And he will kill you. I could see it in his mind. He will kill all of us. He was thinking that he can do it. I thought I could explain it to him, but I could not. My explanation sounds empty and unsupported, even to me. I am so sorry for all of this.
When I looked down, he put his hand under my chin and raised my head back up. For a second that slowed down all the racing energy around us, he kissed me softly. 
I love you so much, baby. We are going to figure a way out of this. We are going to be okay. But the only way we are going to be able to do that together is if you stop blaming yourself. Anyone would have done what you did, including me. Including him.
What are we going to do, James? If we stay here, he can kill us whenever he finally decides it is time. If we leave, he will hunt us down. If all he wants is to kill me for what I did, then I should just let him
Brynna! 
His heart and his nerves were still feeling the effects of Jannas manipulations. Vividly, he remembered how it had felt when Janna had tricked his heart into believing I had died. 
Dont. He said softly, Just dont say that. Please.
My arms wrapped around him, and he pulled me to him. For a long time, we were silent, pressed together in the dark kitchen, recovering from all that had been said and done. His face was buried in my neck, and my forehead was pressed into his shoulder. 
Remind me never to mess with you, by the way. You messed her up, you lunatic. He told me, and we were both laughing again. It was kind of sick, what you were able to do to her, and by sick, I mean disturbing, scary, but fucking awesome.
Now I know how to make you do the dishes.
If that is the worst thing you will make me do, then alright. 
I can think of worse things.
He walked me with him so he could find the materials he needed to set my wrist. After he had taken them from the bathroom cabinet, he sat me back on the counter again and delicately began to wrap my wrist in gauze. 
You were right, and I should have listened.
Oh, that was weird. Thats the weirdest thing youve said in a while, actually. Say it again. 
Are you seriously asking me to admit that you have trumped me in reasoning and wise decision making at a time like this?
I dont know if Im seriously asking you, but
James Maxwell, your sense of humor never fails you, does it?
Brynna Olivier, it is my gift and my curse.
Believe it or not, I say the very same thing when people ask me how I feel about you. Of course it is changed to the masculine pronoun, but
One of his raucous laughs actually provoked me to smile, despite the growing heaviness in my chest. He kissed me gently, holding his lips to mine for a long minute. 
I promise you, were going to figure all of this out. Were going to survive. Havent we proven that yet?
Hasnt he?
Well, what are you planning? Are you planning to kill him?
Of course not. But if our plan is to outlive him, or outwit him, or outrun him, I think we might as well just turn ourselves over and suffer his punishment now, whatever it may be. James, I think it is very safe to say that we are completely at his mercy now. And the worst part is, I will never know for sure either way whether she was alive or not. If she is alive, if she was alive, if she was here, if she stayed behind I will never know. Even my power cant show me. Shes just gone. Shes completely erased. From everything. Its like she never was.
I know. I can remember things she said on the news, but I cant remember her voice. Its just the words in my memory. Like a transcript. I think I might have thought she was really attractive, but I dont know. I have no idea.
I know. I think I did it. I erased her after I had that dream. When I had taken that pill, and I saw her die. I think I got so I stopped, and squeezed his hand before releasing it and squeezing it again, feeling that mental vagueness beginning to seep into my mind, poisoning the clarity away. My slips into that strange, densely populated mental space were mercifully gradual in those days, and, also quite mercifully, they were stopped by Jamess voice.
Brynn? Where are you at, sweetheart?
I shook my head back and forth, blinking a few times. 
I have done so much wrong to her, and I suppose I was going away to think about it.
To abuse yourself over it, you mean.
And I do not deserve my own abuse for all I have done to her? On Earth, I thought I knew so well what she deserved for all she had done, and now, I do not have that certainty anymore. I do not have much certainty about anything anymore, actually.
I know, baby. He kissed my forehead, Im sorry. I am so sorry for all of this, sweetheart.
I nodded, nestling my head against his chest and hiding my face behind his arm after both were wrapped around me. 
You are not nearly as sorry as I am, honey.

Quinn

Brynna was not exactly forthcoming with what exactly had caused the shift in hers and Adams relationship, and believe me, Alice, Violet, Nick, and I pestered her all the way back to our houses. 
Guys, come on. Thats enough. Savannah told us. When she thought we werent looking, she ran her hand down the back of Brynnas hair. I was the only one who had seen, so I was the only one to see Brynna flinch as though Savannah had just struck her over the head with a blunt instrument.
Rachel, do you know what this is about? Violet demanded, Because God knows that those three She beckoned furiously at Savannah, James, and Brynna, wont say anything!
And I will? I would betray my best friend on all of Pangaea?
To her sister? Yes, you would!
You mean she should. Joe filled in with somewhat less of his usual sarcastic pizzazz. That woman wouldnt break under CIA interrogation.
I was under CIA investigation, and I did get interrogated. Rachel informed us, And I didnt break then, and I wont break now.
This is why we are friends, Rachel Terry. Brynna said, and if Joe was lacking his usual pizzazz, Brynna seemed to have never possessed it in the first place. Her arms were locked around Jamess middle so tightly that they were walking slightly crookedly. Her shoulders were raised almost to their highest point. As we passed by the side street where Adams house was, she looked off towards it and only stopped when she would have had to strain her neck to keep looking.
Do you know, though? Nick demanded, Rachel?
Of course I know! But that doesnt mean I am going to go around sharing it. Guys, in due time, all the people who know will tell you everything, okay? But right now is not the time. This situation is jacked completely. Not that its your fault, Brynn, but
It is my fault. Lets just accept that now. This is one hundred and fifty percent my fault. There is no denying it.
Its not, Brynna, and
Ladies and gentlemen! She exclaimed, actually raising her voice to a volume that sent it bombarding off into the darkness to reverberate back to us after bouncing off the trees. I do not know if you are simply coddling me or if you truly believe that I am faultless in this. In regards to the former, I do need anyone to snuggle me close with their kind words and well-intentioned lies. I do not need that now, nor have I ever needed that. In regards to the latter, you would be genuinely foolish or pitifully blind if you did not see that if I had not done what I did, none of this would have happened. Or, if I had done what I did, but simply told Adam about it from the beginning, we would not be in this predicament. Jesus Christ!
Jamess favorite exclamation when he was very angry and exasperated
What good does it do, Brynna? I demanded.
What are you talking about, Quinn?
I am talking about us saying that its your fault. What good does it do?
It lets her take all the responsibility. James answered before she had even opened her mouth. You know how she tends to blame herself for everything. Brynna, everyone would have done it!
Everyone, Brynna! He is not lying about that. Savannah added firmly.
It would be great if you all would enlighten us as to what the hell youre talking about! Us not knowing is not doing anyone any good.
Stop yelling! Penny shouted at us, Youre making her sad! 
The forceful shout of a five year old was heeded; the argument stopped abruptly. Penny broke free of Nick and Violets hands and ran to hug Brynnas waist. Brynna picked her up and squeezed her tightly. 
Thanks, turnip. I heard her murmur appreciatively. 
We had all decided to stay in the same house, but Alice and I still had to gather up as much of our stuff as we could carry. As we threw everything into bags, knowing that our friends would help us sort it later, she looked at me.
What do you think she did?
Who, Brynna?
No, dumbie. Penny.
Shut up. You know, babe, I honestly have no idea. I have no idea what she could have done to Adam to make him so angry.
I know! Theyve been attached at the hip! Quinn I looked over at her to find her standing still, a cluster of clothes still clumped in her arms. What are we going to do?
Were going to stay with them.
Of course we are! I didnt mean just you and me. I meant all of us. What is going to happen?
I walked over to her and took both of her hands. 
I dont know, baby. I have no idea. Were just going to have to play it by ear.
Do you know how sick I am of playing things by ear? God, I just want to scream. Havent we earned a little peace by now? Dont we deserve that yet?
Of course we do, but that doesnt mean were going to have it. I just dont know what she could have done. You dont think they were you know do you? I mean, she has a thing for older guys. Theyre like, the only people shell get with, you know?
No! Theres no way she would have cheated on James! She and Violet both hate that; you know how they both freak out over it.
Yeah, but James cheated on her with Janna. So maybe Brynna got with Adam, and now Adam is mad that shes staying with James.
No way. If that is really his issue, then he is crazier than I thought. And really childish for a guy that is thousands of years old.
There is no way that he wouldnt be a jealous guy; youve seen how he lusts after her. Well, I guess thats lusting. He is really infatuated with her. He sent James after her to begin with, and you dont do that unless you have one hell of a thing for someone.
Yeah, but he wanted her power, James said. He didnt want her.
Well, he probably saw her, and that was it. She is basically a magnet for older men. Baby, we have to get to the bottom of this. Maybe if we know why he is so angry, well be able to help.
And if say, its because hes jealous of her and James, what are we going to do?
I stared at her, my mouth opening and closing silently as I tried to formulate an answer.
I dont know! But I dont think we could hurt the situation!
What are we going to do, talk him down? Like he is going to listen to us. Hes on some sort of ethnocentric rant now
Ethnocentric? I dont even
It means, like, elevating your own race above another like, snootily, or something. Brynna said it the other day when she was reading some book about girls reading in Iran. She said that she read stuff like that to avoid late-forming, completely useless ethnocentrism. So she didnt point fingers like her mother. I dont know! You know how she is.
Weird as hell. I know. So, yeah, Adam is being what you said, so maybe we cant help, youre right. Look Im not saying Ive considered it, but have you thought that we should maybe
No! Alice exclaimed, Quinn, what is wrong with you!? 
Baby, I didnt say I had considered it! I was just making sure we were on the same page about it!
Theyre our family! We could never leave them! We need to stick together now more than ever!
I know! I just told you that I didnt mean it! Chill out for half a second!
Im chilled out. You startled me with that.
Quinn! Alice! Lets go! Jamess voice called from next door.
When we came into their living room, James was sitting beside Brynna, with Penny nestled in between them, holding one of each of their arms over her.
Comfy? Alice asked her, and she nodded, grinning her huge smile in which her two front teeth were missing. 
She sighed heavily and rolled her eyes to the ceiling.
I just love them so much. She said, and it was so random, we all couldnt help but laugh. Brynna kissed her head twice and gently pulled her hair back away from her eyes. 
We need to stay put. James told us after a few moments of silence had ensued.
Originally, we wanted to run, but it is in our best interest to stay. He threatened to kill every last one of our kind with no distinction between man, woman, and childwe would all be slaughtered mercilessly. Apparently, our deaths will also be painful. So we need to stay here.
But Brynna! He can sneak into the house in the middle of the night and smother us in our sleep! Hes old! And hes fast! He can do it, and we wont be able to stop it! Violet protested instantly.
Hes not going to hurt any of us. James said.
Yeah, Vi, were going to all stay together. Sleep in shifts. Not leave the house alone. It will be fine. Joe added helpfully.
Besides, I dont think Adam is going to do this in private. This will be very public. Tom said, For all of us.
If he kills us. Savannah added, If he kills us, it will be public. But I dont think he will. He and Brynna got very close over their time out in the woods. Over that time, you confided in him, didnt you?
Doctor-patient confidentiality is being breached right now, Savannah. Brynna warned her with significantly less fire than she would have had in her voice in any other situation, I think. 
Brynna, we know that you did. James said, Everyone can see that, given how much you hated him before and how you feel about him now.
Exactly. Savannah continued, In time, I think hell see that what you did he would have done, too. Anyone would have done it.
But of course, no one can know about it, because that would make too much sense. Violet huffed, and we all looked over to find her sitting with her arms crossed over her chest, and her lips pursed in irritation.
Oh, Lord help me, theres two of them. James groaned, looking between Violet and Brynna.
There was a knock on the door, and everyone jumped. 
Stay here. You, especially. James pointed at Brynna, and Tom, Tony, James, and I went to the door. Of course, by the time we opened it, Brynna had come to stand behind us. A tall, buff, Pangaean man with blonde hair so bright it was nearly translucent stood on our doorstep. 
Rexprimus has called a meeting. All humans must attend.
And what about all of you? Do you have to be there? Brynna demanded, wondering, no doubt, what we all were wondering: all of us thought that Adam was rounding us up to execute us in one sweep.
Yes. Though surely, I do not know why that is any concern of yours, Brynna Olivier.
It is a concern of mine, Dolph Lundgren All four of us guys snorted through our noses at that, because I will not march my family, my friends, or the people for whom I have been made responsible into a mass execution. If it were just us, I would put the odds of said mass execution happening at about eighty-five percent, roughly. With Pangaeans present, I must assume that the percentage of my people being killed is slightly less.
Do you think so? Dolph asked before slinking off. 
We shouldnt go. Tony said, What makes you think he wont kill us in front of the Pangaeans? The Pangaeans will more than likely cheer him on while hes ripping us all apart.
I do not think so. Not in the slightest. A lot of the Pangaeans have grown close to us. We have been living together in a manner that is not only mutually beneficial but also peaceful. Almost enjoyably content. Relationships have been formed. In fact, friendships have been formed. Adams people do not share his prejudice.
They will when he is holding a gun to their heads, so to speak. Joe replied.
We shouldnt go. Tony repeated.
I am going, because if I have to knock that man over the head, drag him off, and hold him down while I explain what happened, I will. Brynna informed us, But you all should stay here.
Brynna, you are not
Violet, stay behind and watch Penny.
What?! Im not allowed to go
to what is potentially a mass execution? James filled in for her, Hmm, no, I think you should sit this one out, killer. As should your sister, who
I am sorry, am I about to be condescended? Are you about to give me more orders? I think I will just ignore you now, and save myself the irritation when that order finally comes.
I am not going to He started to say, but she had already walked out the door. Goddamn it, Brynna!
Stay here. I told Alice before hurrying after them. 
What is it with all of you?! Alice shouted after me, All the testosterone from your power is turning you into chauvinistic drill sergeants! God!
We were heading towards the village square, James and I several yards behind Brynna.
We need to catch up to her. Quinn, if things get bad here, I want you to come back here, get the girls, and get out. Go into the woods. The trebestia hives are to the east. So go anywhere else but east. In fact, go south. There is a beach town called Del Mar, and the people are kind to humans, from what Adam said.
Adam told you this? When?
He told me so I could take Brynna there if anything ever got too bad here. So I want you to get yourself and them out of here. You and Nick. You gotta watch out for them, okay? You both have to take care of them.
I know. I will, James, but I dont think
Come on. We dont have any more time. We gotta catch up to her.
***

By the time we reached Brynna, she was already on Adams street. The Pangaeans who were outside stopped and stared, their heads following her as she stormed past them. Those who were not outside yet quickly hurried onto their porches, looking down at her from high up in the tree.
Brynna, you do not want to see him now An elderly Pangaean woman told her gently.  Despite her obviously very advanced age, she was standing upright. Though her voice did show some sign of her eighty-plus physical years, it did not crackle and die out the way most older peoples voices did. 
Eury, you have to know She began, but when we caught up to her, she stopped speaking to look over her shoulder and scowl at us. I backed away, knowing that she was silently warning us both to give her privacy. James stared back into her harsh glare and then rolled his eyes slightly, but he backed away, too.
James, did she with him? 
James looked momentarily like I had sucker-punched him in the face. After his huge flinch had subsided, and he had gathered his words, he responded angrily.
No! Of course not!
Right. I replied quickly, hoping that I hadnt offended him too bad with that question. He was more open to the idea of sharing banal details of their relationship with other people than she was. But what I had asked him was very personal, and though Violet had told me that Adam was involved when James and Brynna had broken up, I still didnt think it was my place to ask. 
You wouldnt be standing here if she had. I added quickly, thinking that saying that would remove any awkwardness while simultaneously apologizing for asking in the first place. And either way, its not
He muttered something, his eyes staring off into the distance.
What?
Of course I would be.
Would be what?
Here. I would be here. With her. Even if she had.
Before I could reply, Brynna had returned. 
What did she say? James asked quickly to cut me off. But instead of answering, she quickly smacked her hands onto both his cheeks, pulled his face to hers, stood up on her tiptoes, and held her lips to his for a minute, at least. 
What is this for? James asked while her mouth was still attached to his.
The correct way to ask that question is for what is this? and it is because of what I have said maybe once or maybe a million times: Sometimes you do not realize it, but you make me love you so much. Or rather, you make me realize how much I love you suddenly. It overtakes me.
You must allow me He said as she kissed him, to tell you She kissed him again, how ardently And again, I love Again, and admire you.
And now you quote again from Pride and Prejudice! Every time you do it, the nerd-girl inside of me swings back and forth, grinning and giggling! She grasped his hand, and they began to walk ahead of me, paying me absolutely no mind.
I make you swoon? Is that what you are saying in your little poetic way, madam?
That is exactly what I am saying! But you know of my absolute loathing for the word!
Listen, Lolita and Lolitas husband! I snapped at them.
Oh, you have committed a heinous act just now. She told me, You have compared us to an utterly disturbing coupling, one that never should have been gifted with such a prevalent place in the history of literature, and certainly not deemed a love story. I once said that a musical based on one of my friendships could be called The Lolita Pairing and the Gays, but that was because I was referring to two of my dearest friends She broke from James and linked her arms with Tony and Toms, as gays, which is mildly scandalous, so calling James and I a Lolita pairing was meant to be mildly scandalous as well. Also Lolita and her geriatric boyfriend were not married.
God, you are so bipolar! A minute ago, you were all determined to talk to Adam, and now
Eury is going to speak to him for me, and if he will listen to anyone, he will listen to her. I was very afraid that she believed about me all that he believed, but she absolutely does not. Things have just improved substantially. All of this will be solved within the day.
Do you know that, or are you just speaking optimistically? James asked.
The latter, but it does not matter.
By the bees buzz, it does.
Shut up, James Maxwell! She exclaimed, but she started laughing hysterically. That was positively the most terrible and ridiculous retort!
She has lost her mind I murmured to myself, and I really did feel afraid at the thought of Brynna not being willing or able to use her oversized brain to manufacture a solution to our conundrum. Somehow, I didnt think that Eury, whoever she was, would be able to convince Adam of Brynnas innocence.
As we walked to the meeting, Brynna ran into Savannah, who quickly explained that she had left Violet and Alice in charge of Oli, Ellie, and Penny. Nick was there, too, she said, and so was Eli.
Oh, he will not be there for long, you know. Not when Adam is calling a meeting, the reason for which is unknown, and not when his annoyingly sleek, raven-haired puppet master will be in attendance. Brynna said, only somewhat testily. Quinnevra! Try a little decency! He was having intercourse with Janna, not bangin Janna! My God, I might not like her, but to dehumanize her in such a way by referring to sexual relations with her as an act of banging Shes not a drum, Quinn!
I was just like everyone else, in that I responded with stammers and rapid blinks to Brynnas sudden answering of my thoughts. Then, just like everyone else, I yelled her name angrily, and demanded that she stay out of my mind.
Well, perhaps you could make that a tad bit easier for me by thinking more quietly.
How the hell am I going to think quietly? How do you even do that? My thoughts are silent, at least to you, and to me, they sound like like nothing!
Oh, I assure you, most of the time they sound like nothing to me, too.
More stammering. More blinking.
That is so rude!
Oh, cry me a river, and the wind that is blowing right now, which I know is the anxiety of all the Ares in our camp, will dry your tears away. Let us go to this meeting. Hopefully Eury has spoken to him now, and this will not be a complete and utter disaster ending in bloodshed and the deaths of many innocent people. Let us live through the night, and not succumb to the rage of my freakishly powerful erstwhile friend.
And so concludes the weirdest prayer ever. James did the sign of the cross just barely. Amen.
For some reason, the rest of us echoed him with Amens that were not nearly as half-hearted as his and not at all sarcastic.
***

James had a firm grip on Brynnas hand long before Adam took the stage in the village square. Eury was behind Adam, but her eyes were cast downward; I saw that Brynna was looking directly at her and knew that Eury was purposely avoiding Brynnas eyes.
It failed. She couldnt convince him, and by the look on her face, hes about to show you that hes unconvinced. So we need to go now, while hes distracted. James hissed to her as quietly as he could, but still, several people glanced back at him with similar looks of fear on their faces.
Oh, will you cool your jets, as they say? She hissed, Look at how you have frightened these nice people with your panic-stoking.
Well, my panic-stoking is the only thing that is going to keep them alive. Yeah, He said to a woman who was still looking at us, Be panicked. This son of a bitch is crazy when hes completely enraged like he is right now.
Would you like to tell her why he is so enraged? Then maybe she can discreetly chastise me instead of outwardly saying that all of this is my fault like she really wants to?
Oh, is that Brynnas guilt talking? Hello, Brynnas guilt. You and your sister, Brynnas human emotions, were always rumored to exist, like the Loch Ness Monster. Or Bigfoot.
James, your incessant needling has all but left my patience completely spent, and you will thank yourself later to recognize this as your first and final warning. After you told me that you did not blame me, you are going to
That is enough! Both of you! Savannah snapped at them, This is not helping us! We have no time for it, so stop it now! Goddamn it!
All three of us gaped at her, blinking in astounded silence. She never lost her cool. 
Im sorry. She swept her long black hair away from her face with both hands, I am starting to feel the stress of this situation, and it got the better of me. Sorry. Brynna, I am so sorry.
It is alright. Brynna replied coldly, though her iciness was not directed towards Savannah but instead, was directed towards James. She was looking away from him, her hand taken from his grasp so she could cross her arms over her chest. He was not even trying to apologize or explain away his anger. I was worrying even more, thinking that their relationship was falling apart; any change to our groups make-up provoked that fear that was somewhat irrational, I guess. It was just hard to deal with change after the colossal upheaval of our lives. 
The next colossal upheaval was looming. In the crowd, I saw Eli standing with a group of his work friends. They knew we were there, because several of them were looking back at us and murmuring to him. It seemed that after he had allegedly hooked up with Janna, he had become the leader of his group of friends. He was either apathetic about us being there, or he was looking around for Janna, or both; either way, his head never turned back so he could look at us.
Ladies and gentlemen, Adam said, and his voice was level, smooth, charismatic, and tinged with what can only be described as a slight hint of amusement, I know that much has been said tonight. Many rumors have been started and are circulating faster than a deadly pathogen. And like a deadly pathogen, these rumors must be swiftly destroyed before they can destroy us, and the only way to do that, my dear humans His voice seemed to ice over immediately, and his eyes turned red, is with truth. The absolute truth will be told right now. I have taken great issue with one of your kind. Because the crime of this one person is so great, I will be holding each and every one of you accountable for this one persons pitilessly stupid mistake. And with that being said, let me now introduce the new laws of this village. To my people, my honorable and loyal followers, know this, first and foremost: All trade with humans is punishable by death. Aiding them in any way is punishable by death. Now, I know what some very, very brave souls will say, or perhaps think. But we have grown to care for them, Rexprimus. We have become their friends. We have become romantically engaged with them. For the sake of your lives, my brave fools, forget all of those useless sentiments now! Only then will you live another day.
I kid you not, a Pangaean woman in front of us took a huge step sideways away from the human man she had only seconds before been holding hands with.
Adella! He whispered, sounding truly heartbroken. I watched one of Brynnas arms unlock from around her middle and drop to her side. The other stayed latched around her middle, but the one that had fallen was now brushing up against Jamess. Her fingers extended to wrap lightly around his, and he looked over at her. She shook her head, and his hand took hold of hers. After a second, his arm came up to wrap around her neck, pulling her closer to him. He kissed her forehead for a long second. 
To the humans, to the plague on this perfect world I have sworn to protect, your parasitic leeching of all this world offers might come as natural habit to you, but it ends now. Tonight. Now, I know that it is a vice that you all share, but vices are utterly sinful, and while I may not be an Old Spirit, I will call now for a little purity. He was being facetious about the sinful aspect of it, but he was not joking about us atoning for those sinful actions. 
If you thought your first leaders reign was horrendous, He continued, Your filthy hearts will stop at all I will do! You will not solicit goods or services from my people. You will not speak to them. You will not even glance in their direction. You are below us, and you have always been below us, but now you will know it. You will know that your place is beneath us in whatever sense.
I could have sworn that he had looked at Brynna right after he said that, and James must have sworn it, too, because his breathing deepened and his grip on her tightened. 
Hes not gonna touch you. I heard him bark in a furious whisper. You hear me?
She nodded.
Any sustenance you requirefood, water, housingit will only be given by me, as a result of my benevolence. You will have nothing of your own anymore. Now, the same way I knew what the bravest of my own people were thinking, I know what those of your kind who think they are brave are thinking now. But Rexprimus, we will run away! We will seek shelter in the trees. We will not live under such oppression! Believe it or not, I would much prefer it that way. I think you all remember your first nights here, when you were hunted by my people. I like big game; you must have seen then that we love the hunt. So please, run away. Hide in the trees. Think that you are escaping. Think that as you cower away in some woodland hiding place that you are outsmarting us. Actually, though, you will only be giving us a slight challenge. An infinitesimal obstacle to finding and destroying you. 
Several people in the crowd were crying. Several were huddled together. Everyone was afraid. I thought I was the only one looking, but Brynna was, too. And it was because the people she had sworn to protect were so afraid that she did what she did next. 
Your speech is missing several key aspects, Adam. She said loudly, so most of the crowd could hear. The who is all those who are human. The what is that we are essentially Untouchables. The where is here in the village, or else. When is now, effective immediately. But you are leaving out the why. So how about if I share that part with the group?
Savannah, James, and I were storming forward to get her.
Goddamn it. Motherfucking shit. Gonna get herself killed. Fucking hell! Ill kill her. Not even gonna worry about him. Ill kill her! James was spitting furiously in front of me.
Adam does not want to share this part, because he is too afraid that I will gain sympathy from his loyal sheep. Yes, She said, looking around, I called you sheep. And if you go along with this, with this plan of his that is the result of cracked-out, completely out-of-proportion and irrational racism, then you are only sheep. I am responsible for this sudden change in Adams mood. I am to blame. I heard many thoughts while I was standing here, and all of the former humans in attendance right now, beneath your fear there is a burning need to point fingers. Most of you chose Don, though why you think Don could cause him I gestured to Adam, to get so bent out of shape, as they say, I will never know. Adam regards Don as one regards a semi-entertaining but very useful captive monkey who is carrying a money jar that will soon be dumped into his, meaning Adams, bottomless pockets. But alas, I am rambling
Adam was beside her, grasping her upper arms in a painfully tight hold. Several people gasped. Some people screamed. When he struck her hard across the face, everyone reacted, even if it was only with a gasp. As for James, Tony, Tom, and me, we were on him in less than a second, tackling him backwards, roaring. I looked back to check on her and saw that Savannah was pulling her back up.
A surge of pain went through me, from my heart upwards to the tip of my head, and from my heart downwards to the tips of my toes. James, Tony, and Tom had suffered a similar attack, and we both toppled to the stage, panting.
What the fuck?! I gasped out.
Yeah. Sucks, doesnt it? Thats his checkmate. James said, but he was getting back up again. Adam was storming towards Brynna, brushing the dust off of his shirt. When James regained his footing, Adam reached his hand behind him without looking back, and James crumpled back to the ground. Somehow, seeing that happen to James didnt stop Tony, Tom, or me from trying to rush to her aid. The second I got onto my knees, I was back on the ground, yelling out in pain.
Quinn! I heard Alices frantic shout, and I thought I was hallucinating. But then, I heard the rush of the air as she ran at that inhuman speed to me. Once she was at my side, she reached down to grasp my face. But I wasnt looking at her. I was looking past her, at Brynna. Adam had reached her. He had shoved Savannah aside, and she had flown to the ground, skidded across the wooden stage, and banged her head hard enough in the process to get completely knocked out.
Savannah! Alice screamed, and when she jumped up to rush to her, Adam reached out and effortlessly sent her to the ground just like he had done me. 
Allie!
We really did just scream each others names like that. What else could we do?
BRYNNA! 
Pennys was the worst shout of all. Adam had yanked Brynnas head back by her hair, and his fangs that were so much longer and sharper than any of ours were out, dripping with spit, as he hissed in preparation for what would no doubt be a roar that shook the stage beneath us and sent our people running for the hills. 
Penny was on the stage now, and when I looked up at Brynna, who was still stuck in Adams grasp, I saw what I prayed I would never see again. When he looked at her, all he saw was a begging, desperate beseeching for his mercy. She did not want to die in front of Penny.
Adam, dont! You let her go! Penny shrieked, and her tiny body charged into his, actually knocking him back a few steps. A feeble roar escaped her, and the crowd gasped when they saw her fangs. Youre hurting her! Let go! She shoved him, and he seemed too bewildered by her strength to react. Let go of my Brynna! Let go of her! She was hitting him with both hands repeatedly, shrieking at the top of her lungs, tears rushing down her face. Youre not going to hurt her! I wont let you! I wont let you hurt Brynna! I She hit him hard, wont She hit him harder, let you She hit him with both hands now, even harder than before, hurt She jumped and managed to scratch him across the face, my MAMA! 
He released Brynna with a forceful shove backwards, and she would have lost her footing had Penny not lunged back and latched her arms around her waist, holding her up and rooting her to the ground. When she let go, though, Brynna fell down onto her knees.
No! Penny shrieked, swinging her arms at Adam when he went to walk forward. NO! NO, NO, NO, NO, NOOO! She screamed so loudly that several people actually covered their ears. The torches erupted; large, wild flames stood at least five feet higher in their iron brackets. Penny stomped her foot, screaming and staring Adam down with dark red eyes.
Mine! Mine! She was screaming as she stood firmly in front of Brynna. MINE! 
You are going to take this from a child? This ridiculous temper tantrum? Janna asked, loudly enough so the crowd of Adams followers could hear. This premature territory-claiming? Kill the little brat, Adam!
Whatever daze Brynna had fallen under dissolved instantaneously at those words. Her head snapped in Jannas direction, and Brynna pointed at her. Jannas body lurched forward until she was on her knees, but then, her body rose back up before her feet had even received the signal to stand again.
I highly recommend Brynna hissed furiously, you shut Jannas mouth closed, and her exclamation of surprise was muffled, your Jannas fingers were trying to pry her lips apart, but they sunk further into her mouth, mouth. It is in your best interest. She turned around to face the crowd. To my former humans to my Earthean friends go home. Pack only what you have gotten through fair trade. Brynnas shaking arms reached down and lifted Penny. Penny rested her head under Brynnas. Her thumb was in her mouth, and her eyes were drooping sleepily. The rest of us were gathering ourselves up, trying to take our places beside her. 
Wait for further instruction from either Don, James, red-headed Rachel, her husband, Joe, Tom, Tony, Savannah, or me. Disperse, ladies and gentlemen.
I was positive they wouldnt budge. But they did. They began to walk home.
Brynna Olivier Adam said, You know not of what you have just done. The second any of you step over the ash circle
When you are ready to discuss this like the fair, decent, and rational man I know you to be, come find me.
Crazy. James was telling her, Out of your freakin mind, Brynna. But God, I love you. I love you so much. I thought that was it. I love you. He was kissing her, then kissing Pennys head, and then he was kissing Violets head; she was walking on the other side of Brynna, holding her arm tightly in both hands.
Im sorry. Im so sorry for being so mad earlier. Violet told her quickly. Your face is already bruising. Are you okay? Does it hurt really bad, Brynn? We have to put ice on it, and you can take a tonic if you need to. We still have some.
We have to get out of here. Hes going to kill you if we dont. Brynn, please. Nick was saying.
Alright, guys! Give her a minute. Let her breathe. Savannah told them, What she did is basically the equivalent of jumping into a shark tank wearing a swimsuit made of chum, so lets let her catch her breath, why dont we? Savannah ran her hand down the back of Brynnas hair. You are crazy, though, and I should know. This is my area, remember?
Am I the craziest? If I am going to be mentally insane, I at least wish to be the most mentally insane.
Youre not a cannibal or a mad arsonist or a serial killer with fifty heads in your closet, but you are reckless and and just crazy! Savannah told her, Ive never been so scared in my life.
You sound concussed. Brynna informed her.
I am very concussed. You caught me. 
Quinn, Alice, Nick, get your stuff together. I said, We are all staying together. I am going to find Eli. I might be furious with him, but he is our brother, and we need to protect him. If I have to pry him off of her, I will.
What should we get? I asked as Alice and I started to hurry up the steps of our house.
Did you trade for or buy everything in your house? She asked.
Yeah. We answered simultaneously.
Then whatever you want. But make sure that its only enough to fit inside of a book-bag. If you are not in this house in fifteen minutes, I will assume that you have been attacked by enraged followers of Adam, and I will be storming in there, guns blazing, quite literally.
Aye aye, captain! Alice barked, and I actually laughed, despite the situation, as I followed her into the house. 
Once we were inside the door, she stopped, turned around abruptly, and threw herself into my arms. 
Whoa! I actually exclaimed as I stumbled back a few steps, shocked by the sudden and surprisingly forceful impact of her slight weight. Babe, are you ok She was kissing me before I could even finish the sentence.
We are in so much trouble. She told me, And I thought you were really hurt. I thought whatever Adam was doing to you was going to kill you. God, everything is such a mess, Quinn.
I know. 
She started kissing me again.
We need to do this now. We might not get another chance. I know I said I wanted to wait until everything settled down, but theres no point. I thought I was going to lose you today, and we need to do this before he kills us. So
Oh, my God I murmured when her hand came forward suddenly and forcefully to rub the front of my jeans.
This has been stupid. Me waiting. Me making us wait. Who does that in todays day and age? God, how many of our friends were doing it on Earth? God, I think Lane was thirteen when she did it the first time!
She was, but no offense, Lane was the biggest skank who ever lived. She was like, Super Skank. Ill bet under her clothes, she wore a shirt with a Superman logo made completely out of dicks.
Quinn! She exclaimed, giggling hysterically, Youre killing the mood, but that was hilarious. What about Violet? She and Nick are trying to work things out after the whole Caspar thing. Shes having sex!
Yeah, but Ive told you, shes not doing it for the right reasons. I dont know. Baby, I know this is going to make me sound like a girl, but now is not the time. Not when youre doing it because youre afraid that one of us is going to die.
How is that not the time? That seems like the best time, Quinn. Thats like, fate or heaven telling us that now is the time.
Yeah, but no offense again, but you would never be talking about Lane like she was some kind of sexual role model if you were in your right state of mind. And youve been really upset about Violets shit here of late.
I am not crazy, Quinn! I am not acting crazy. This is me completely sane. If you dont want to do it, fine. 
Of course I want to do it! But youre afraid right now. Youre upset, and youre worried, and you have every right to be. Look, Ive wanted to do it a hundred million times. Im a guy, thats just how Im wired, but
And there were times when you put pressure on me to do it. Not a lot, but some.
I did, and Im sorry. So let me make that up to you right now by saying that weve waited a really long time for it to be right, and right now is not the right time. The last thing you should be thinking about is what you were thinking about earlier. You shouldnt be thinking that at any moment, either youre going to die or Im going to die. It should be I dont know, baby. It should be better than that. Okay? 
She was looking at me, smiling slightly.
Quinn Wesley, you are a hopeless romantic.
I am not! God, everyone says that.
Yeah, they do, and do you know what they say right after saying that? They say that I am lucky to have you, and I am. She wrapped her arms around my neck more gently, and just then, the door caved in, and Brynna, Nick, Joe, and James were standing there, their eyes white, searching for a threat. Alice jumped, covered her mouth, and began giggling raucously. I just jumped.
Goddamn it! I exclaimed, God! I think I just lost control of my bowels!
No, that is how you have always smelled, my friend. Nick told me, and I picked up a pillow from our couch and chucked it at him.
You are complaining of being startled? Brynna asked irritably, I did warn you that if you had not returned to the homestead within fifteen minutes, we would come banging down the door. Now, come on, you two rambunctious slaves of roaring teenage hormones. Keep your frantic, uncontrollable need to copulate at a dull roar until we are all asleep, if you please.
We werent copulating! I called after her, but she was already gone.
James looked between the two of us, looking as pained as he always did when he was aware of the fact that we were teenagers and would be having sex.
Just I just Make good choices!
As we walked back to the house, despite everything, we were laughing.
***

That night, we all fell asleep on the couches in the house of Olivier. I was dozing, hanging about in between sleep and awake, listening to the crackling of the fire, when I heard Brynna say, Your mind is heavy. Would you like to take a proverbial load off?
I thought that she was talking to me, because my mind was very heavy. Luckily, I didnt answer, or else I never would have heard their conversation.
I should, I guess. Alice replied softly, But I mean, whose mind isnt heavy right now?
Well, those two cuddling lovebirds in the corner are dreaming of each other, blissfully.
Really?
Absolutely. Dreams are linked, did you know that? Generally, if say, you are dreaming of being in a boat on a sparkling river at twilight with Quinn, he is dreaming the same, or something very similar. By very similar, I mean that he is dreaming of being in a boat with you on a sparkling river at high noon. Right now, Violet is dreaming that she and Nick are running like happy forest gazelles through the happier parts of Shadow Forest. The sun is shining in her mind. In his, it is raining, but he is laughing very much. Oh, they are stopping to kiss, and the two worlds are merging. Sun and rain. Oh, Lord, more frenetic kissing. Let me get out of there.
Alice giggled.
The ethical issues of mind reading She said.
I know. They are many. Let us see. James is not currently dreaming, but he is asleep. Penny is dreaming of those rabid chickens, but she is much larger than they are in the dream, so she is not afraid of them. Little tyrant, she is chasing after them, giggling hysterically. They both laughed again, She wants to bring one home and help me pick it so we can make chicken soup with curry. Once the chicken is caught, she is going to go ask for garlic from Perry, that Pangaean man who owns the spice farm. She wants to make garlic bread with lots of cheese. Penny dreams of food quite often.
Well, she does love to cook with you.
I know. But you are not dreaming, which means that your mind is so troubled you cannot sleep. Is it just the usual suspects, shall we say, causing you anxiety? The war, Adams new reign of terror, the constant threat of losing our lives?
That pretty much sums it up. What more do I need? I just I almost lost him today, Brynn. Maybe Adam wasnt going to kill him, but maybe he was. And he was in so much pain. And you; you almost died, too. Its just this group is going to get split up one day, isnt it? Were immortal, so its not like James and Savannah are going to get really old and then die, and then youre going to die, and then well die, et cetera, et cetera. One of us is going to get killed. Maybe most of us will. Bottom line, were not going to all be together forever. Theres no way that we can last like this. She stopped, perhaps waiting for Brynna to deny that all this was true by citing evidence gathered using her power. But Brynna did not respond, and I sensed that Brynna knew Alice was not done spilling all her anxieties yet, even if Alice thought she was done. Brynna was nothing if not the most patient, most selfless listener, always knowing the ebb and flow of the speakers thoughts and feelings when they did not. She never interrupted. She never judged.
You all are the only family we have. Alice continued, Our parents are dead. They were killed by Shadows on Earth. For a while here, we were all we had, but you cant live with just one other person, I dont think. We need to be in a group, and you all are our group. We all take care of each other, but you and James take care of Quinn and me like were your children, and we need that. I didnt think that I needed someone to look out for me, but I do. So does Quinn, though hell never admit it. So does Nick. And obviously, you know Violet and Penny do. And you shouldnt be responsible for me, but you never let me think that you dont want to be responsible for me, even if you really dont want to be
There was silence, and when I opened my eyes as slightly as I could, I saw that Brynna had leaned forward and grasped her hand.
James and I are responsible for you and Quinn. We are because we want to be, not because we have to be. I do not usually go the way of sentimentality, and through not going that way, I do not speak sentimentally, ever. But for you, right now, I will: We are a family. We are a strange collection, from various walks of life, with various interests and skills, likes and dislikes, beliefs and morals, with varied back stories and darkness aplenty each. But we are together now, and by being together, that means that we face nothing alone. I will take care of you because for all intents and purposes, youre in my blood now. Both of you are. And if there is one thing I know you both had to have seen, I protect whats in my blood. And as far as being separated, it may happen, it may not. We will fight like the animals we are to prevent it, but if it does happen, we will fight like the animals we are to find our way back to each other. Now, you are young, and I know that Quinn likes to say that I am only four years older than all of you, but I have never had any inclination to behave in a way that is typical of those my age, whereas you, Quinn, Violet, and Nick have always had the inclination to behave in a way that is typical of seventeen-year-olds. So, because it is now the duty of James and me to take care of each of you, I am telling you that we both want for the four of you to live your young lives free from worry. Therefore, I want you to take all this anxiety and put it away. What is going to come is going to come whether we worry about it or not. It is a trite lesson, but it is one that is undeniably true. So put it away, and live happily, if not for yourself, then for me. Let me feel as though I am doing my job.
Alice laughed softly, and I saw her wipe at her tearing eyes.
I could never say thank you enough to you and James. I could never say anything back to you that would express how I feel about you, Violet, James, Penny, and Nick as well as you just did.
Well, luckily for you, you dont have to.
Good. She smiled, I almost threw it away today. My first time with Quinn.
You and Quinn still have not
No. God, no. And actually, it really is God, no, isnt it, because its just how I was raised? Wait until marriage, and all that. Of course, Im not going to wait until marriage now, but I am still waiting. And I dont know why. Quinn and I have been together for four years, and he is like, scarily patient, and so respectful of my beliefs. He has asked a million times, but every time Ive said no, hes never gotten mad at me.
That is very surprising for someone his age, but he is very surprising. Though he may not know it, he is very mature for his age, and that maturity makes him respectful of you. Also, his love for you keeps him from pressuring you to break your long-held beliefs on the matter.
But I mean, isnt it weird that Im like, an almost twenty-year-old virgin?
Are you daft, punk? She asked, and Alice laughed softly again. Let me turn this conversation into an after-school special right now. The decision to engage in sexual intercourse is not a race to see who gets there first. While we might have lived in a culture that turned virgins into pariahs and girls with swinging door vaginas into heroes, you need to understand that when the time is right, the time is right. If you lose your virginity at fifteen, and it was right for you, then fine, it was right. If you are nineteen, or in my case, twenty-two, then so be it.
You were twenty-two? James was the first?
The first man, yes.
Oh. I always wondered. Wait, what do you mean the first man?
Oh, you did not see the obsolete blog posts about my alleged trysts with a middle-aged journalist named Rachel Lilien? There was photographic evidence, I have been told.
No! Does James know about it?
No, because he has never asked. I am only telling you about it because you asked who my first was, and if I had said James was my absolute first, I would have been lying in more ways than one. But trust me when I say that my first time with James was far scarier than my first time with Rachel, just because of my past, but they were both equally as intimate and world-changing and brilliant and perfect. But with James, it was a little more, because it required so much more trust.
My mind is blown right now. I am shocked. I never got those vibes from you, that you swung that way.
I do not swing that way. Everyone wants to attribute labels of homosexuality, bisexuality, heterosexuality, et cetera to people, but sometimes, it is not that simple. I like men, but I loved a woman. In my internet research at the time, I found some articles saying such things were completely normal, and others, mainly Christian websites, no offense, that said I needed to book a swift departure to a pray away gay facility, as there was still hope of me being saved because I had not yet made up my mind.
Did your parents know?
About Rachel? Of course. They might not have been religious or even all that conservative, but they were utterly unaccepting of my choice.
What did your mother say?
My mother did not say anything because my mother did not speak to me.
Oh. Right. What about Maura?
Supportive. Very much so. Even though Rachel was many years older than me
How many?
I was about twenty, she was forty something.
God, you have a type! Old people! Alice said, and they both laughed. I was shocked that Brynna was sharing so easily with Alice, and I was shocked that she was laughing at Alices gentle ribbing.
I do, indeed. One thing on Earth, Pangaea, Mars, or anywhere else that we cannot help is to whom we are attracted. Old people, black people, Asian people, boys when we are boys, girls when we are girlsit is chemical. It is a biological makeup, I believe. I cannot help it that I loved Rachel, who was in her forties, or James, who is forty-seven, or Adam, who is several thousand years old but looks like he is fifty-two. I do not love him, though. She added hurriedly. I just I was attracted
Brynn its okay. Alice told her, God, I have learned so much about you tonight. More than I have in the entire two years of us living near each other.
Well, you shared with me, so I figured I would share with you. Keep it an even-steven trade, as they say.
I have never heard anyone say that.
Really? Well, then, I have said it. Did I make you uncomfortable with that revelation?
No. Not at all. Honestly. Brynn, I might be religious, but we arent all like that. Hating gay people and women and whatever else the Old Spirits hate.
Good. Brynna smiled, Now, I am sure it is about two AM, old Earth time. So we need to get some sleep. We are required to work in the morning, and I have a feeling that it will be a most grueling day, as Adam will no longer be letting us leave after eight hours on the job.
Alright. Goodnight, Brynnie. 
Did you just call me Brynnie?!
Yup! Ive been wanting to call you that since Violet told me it used to be your nickname, but I havent done it. Now, I feel like I can. Alice started laughing, You totally hate that totally affectionate nickname!
I will allow you to call me that only if you do not call me it in public. Understood?
Crystal clear. Night, Brynnie.
Goodnight, Allie. And goodnight to you, Quinnevra.
***

People didnt revolt when told that they had to report to work. Maybe they knew that it was in their best interests to tow the line. The morning after Adams speech, after the visit from the Pangaean man telling us that all security personnel were to report, and Brynna was to report to the town hall, we tried to keep our morning as normal as usual so Penny and Oliver didnt worry too much.
And so, Violet and I have decided that we are officially the Clan of the Dragon.
Why dragons? I asked, as we all ate a hearty breakfast of goat cheese, egg, and bacon sandwiches on homemade bread and various Pangaean fruits, all of which had been made or grown by us, all of which would be gone soon and replenished only when Adam chose to replenish it. 
Because they're awesome! Violet informed me, And we need a name for our group. Did you guys hear that Don and his people have named us?
I heard. Brynna told them.
Well, obviously. Violet replied with a roll of her eyes, I heard it from you. Were you there when they chose our name?
I was. I tried to stop the ridiculous endeavor of naming our group before it began, but alas, I was overruled. The downside of a democratic system is that I am sometimes overruled.
You could always have a coup and make us a dictatorship, with you as the dictator. James suggested.
Oh, yeah? Brynna asked as she slid down into his lap and kissed him, wrinkling his newspaper without a care that he was trying to read it. Violet, Nick, and Alice were talking amongst themselves, but I heard her murmur, Will you be my slave?
Absolutely. 
Yeah? She leaned in and kissed him.
Oh, yeah. Tell me what youd make me do, and Ill do it to you the minute I get home tonight
Guys! I exclaimed, Im trying to eat.
Sorry. They both replied furiously. She jumped off of his lap, and he continued reading his newspaper as though nothing had happened.
I swear, you two fight one minute, and then the next minute youre all lovey-dovey. Its freaking weird! Stop it!
Oh, Quinnevra, I am sorry that we are not doing one or the other all the time. But then, I am not sorry, for things would be very boring.
But the Red Anarchy? Nick was saying, Isnt that a little, I dont know, dramatic? Its theatrical. Its like a motorcycle gang.
Youre thinking of Sons of Anarchy, that television show about bikers. Just because Anarchy is in our title doesnt mean were a biker gang, babe. Violet replied, I kind of like it. Its intimidating.
If by intimidating, you mean completely overcompensating in hopes of being intimidating, then yes, I suppose it is intimidating. Brynna picked up a piece of Jamess toast and ate it, I informed all of those ridiculous men that their need to name us as a group says something about their desire for unity and masculinity which can only be achieved through formidable nomenclature, which speaks to their need to compensate for a certain area of their physiques that is lacking quite pathetically.
You said all of that outright? James asked, as he choked on his coffee from laughing so hard, What am I saying? Of course you did. But did you say that right away, or...
No. We argued about it for quite a while. Tony and I and several others insisted that there was no need for a name. The Old Spirits are called 'the Old Spirits' by all of us because that has been their name for thousands upon thousands years, and if they were to suddenly hand down a name that we are meant to address them by...
The Holy Rollers. I added, That would be their name.
That's too clich! Alice protested, They would have to be something completely original, because their craziness is completely original. They would have to be... Her lips pulled to one side and her eyes turned up to look at the ceiling in her traditional expression of thought and contemplation.
Anyway, while you stew over that, I will continue my story that Quinnevra so rudely interrupted.
Penny, who was in one of her goofy moods, laughed raucously and slapped her thigh in a comically overzealous show of amusement. All that had occurred the night before had been forgotten, or at least, pushed away. She did hop up by herself into Brynnas arms randomly every few minutes and kiss her bruised cheek before scurrying back down to sit in her chair again.
Quinnevra! He's not a girl, but he's Quinnevra! She laughed, as though she had never heard Brynna call me that before.
James choked on his coffee again, and some actually spewed from his lips, which he quickly mopped up with a napkin.
Ladies! He exclaimed, You're killin' me!
There was a banging on the door, and all of us jumped, our good moods erased, our eyes white in alert.
Relax. It is Tajal and Maribel. Brynna told us.
Yay! Pennys eyes turned blue again, and she jumped up to let her two friends in. They came into the kitchen, giggling and talking loudly, and Penny threw her arms around Brynnas middle for half a second before trying to run off. 
Freeze! Brynna exclaimed, and Penny stopped, sat down, and finished the last bit of her sandwich. Drink one more big gulp of juice, and then skedaddle. Maribel, Tajal, are you hungry?
No, Ms. Brynna. They both replied simultaneously.
Thirsty?
They were, so she poured them some juice.
Mom and Dad know you two are out? She asked, because Maribel and Tajal, despite their very different names, had the same Mom and Dad. Maribels parents, a couple from the southern-most tip of Texas, had been next to Tajals family on the ship. Both of Maribels parents had died in the house fire, and Maribel had only survived because, as the story goes, the parents had sworn to look after each others children if anything happened, and Tajals father had run in to get her. While Maribel did remember her parents, she still referred to Tajals parents as Mom and Dad. Stories like that were not uncommon. 
 Yeah, but they said since everyone is out, we should be fine. Maribel answered, Ms. Brynna, does your eye hurt?
No, baby, I am alright. Brynna replied kindly.
The girls started to take their cups into the living room so they could sit around the coffee table and chat without us grown-ups overhearing their plans of dastardly mischief. Believe me when I say that they were always getting up to things, Penny and her friends. Whether it was seeing who could sneak into the chicken coop and catch a chicken (which they always put back, or which always attacked them, because they were very aggressive, those chickens) or stealing peaches, pears, orange rutabagas, and plum mangoes from the farming section of Janna's village, their delinquency, as Brynna called it, was laughed at by some but loathed by others. Brynna and James had been summoned, along with the other parents, to make peace with several of our neighbors, Pangaean and Earthean, alike.
Penelope! Brynna called after them when they went to leave. Recite the guidelines, if you please.
Penny sighed heavily and rolled her eyes, and when Brynna widened her own piercing blue eyes and raised her eyebrows to look at her, Penny murmured an apology.
No going into town and causing trouble. No stealing. No mischief. No going into the woods. Be home by the time to second bell chimes.
Thank you, ma'am. You are free to roam these wild and untamed lands. I love you.
I love you. Penny beamed and hugged James, I love you, too, James!
And I love you, Punky. He kissed her head, Go have fun. Because Brynna wasnt looking, he leaned forward and murmured quickly, Catch me a chicken. 
James Maxwell! Brynna shouted, and Penny ran off giggling, shouting that she knew he was only kidding. James and I were laughing uproariously, but he was shielding himself as Brynna whacked him several times with a damp dishrag. 
Punky? Alice asked.
Punky Brewster's real name was Penelope! I learned that playing Trivial Pursuit. James informed us. He and Brynna stared at the three of us, waiting for us to realize what they were talking about.
Was she in a band? Nick asked, as the three of us tried to stifle our laughs.
Was she... Wow. Children, you were culturally deprived. Brynna told us, While I was not born in the eighties, I did watch eighties television; one of those shows was Punky Brewster, and yes, her real name was Penelope, which is why James calls Penny 'Punky.'
Yeah, we got that part. But why did they call Penelope on the show 'Punky?' Was she in a band? Nick pressed her in that calm, jokingly arrogant way he did.
Brynna sighed heavily, and James just shook his head at us.
I have to remind myself that I'm around little people sometimes. You guys don't get the same references that we do.
She's like, four years older than us!
Yes, but I had unlimited access to movies and television shows. All of my free time was spent watching them. Ask Violet, she knows this story: What is the first film I ever saw that was rated R?
Reservoir Dogs.
And how old was I?
Eight.
Thank you.
What? I exclaimed, Oh my God, I have to go to work. I can't do this. You were eight when you saw that?!
Yes, I was. The internet was a wonderful thing.
Yes. I nodded emphatically. It was.
Ew! Alice exclaimed as James, Nick, and I got up to leave, cackling loudly because all of us could appreciate that joke.
You all are sick. I hope they make you herd the cows again. Violet told us.
I do not wish that. Brynna said as she kissed James. It took days to get the smell of manure out of the house.
She was spraying me with that lavender ruby-berry spritz stuff while I was sleeping. James agreed, It was unpleasant for both of us. He kissed her again, and they smiled at each other. She grasped his face, and her smile widened.
I love you. Please, please, please be safe today. And that goes for you two as well, Quinn and Nick. The one eye you had out for danger before? Make it two eyes now.
I will. We will. I love you, too. James kissed her, Stay out of trouble, would ya?
You know that I will not.
I do know. So, I'll change that. Give 'em hell.
She grinned.
I will. Good day to you, gentlemen.
Good day to you, madam. I replied, May your walks on the promenade be filled with wonder.
Alice, Violet, and Brynna gaped at me, and James, Nick, and I laughed. When we walked away, waving over our shoulders, we heard Alice and Violet giggling, and when we turned, we saw Brynna with her half smile, shaking her head slightly.
I remember that, because we lost control of things before we saw them again. I remember that, because our minds grab onto those moments that were so insignificant at the time, and turn them into noteworthy, meaningful moments when we were supposed to be learning something, or taking something away. We were supposed to feel a pull in our instincts that would tell us to stay behind and guard our family.
But it wasn't instinct that we needed to warn us. It was common sense. It was learning from past experiences. We had let ourselves fall into the lull of security far too many times. Some wise man gave stupid men a great advantage when he said, in what I'm sure was not meant to be taken as so meaningfully resonant at the time, that a country that doesn't learn from its history is doomed to repeat its failures. And we weren't a country, but we were close.
Close enough that that little nugget of wisdom should have meant something.
***

Our mission that day was simple, and it was simply interrupted. We were supposed to walk over the ash barrier, find the hive (because the trebestia don't come out in daylight, and because we were protected temporarily after breathing the untainted air in the village, so going over the ash circle to hunt them down was not dangerous) and destroy it. Now, the only reason why we left the village without fear of our loved ones being slaughtered while we were gone was because Adam was joining us on the mission. If he had kept all the guns, we all would have thought that we were going to be killed, but each of us picked up our weapon of choice at check-in that morning. 
There were many trebestia hives in the area, but the one that Brynna had unwittingly stumbled into was one of the worst. Several Pangaeans had joined Adam, who was carrying no gun or small bottles of fire-rain, which is a substance taken from the red cacti that grew deep within the Shadow Forest and could detonate if the bottles carrying it were dropped. On his belt hung just one long serrated dagger, which he made no gesture to grab even when noises sounded around us in the forest and forced all of us breathless men and women, Pangaean and Earthean both, to grasp our weapons in our shaking, sweating palms.
He's separated from Janna, you know. James told me, and I grimaced at him as though he had just hurled a terrible insult in my direction for no reason.
James, Alice is a girl, in case you couldn't tell. I didn't think that she could be so easily mistaken for a guy, or that you thought I played for the other team and would be interested in Adam's marital...
Shut up, smartass, and listen. Hang back a little bit.
In front of us, Elijah looked back over his shoulder, trying to hear what we were saying. Because he couldn't make it appear nonchalant, he had to keep walking forward after James and I slunk to the back of the group to talk.
Dan! James hissed, and one of his best friendswho had not been present as Violet was being assaultedhung back, too. Tell Quinn what you told me.
I like your shirt. Dan, always one with a joke, said in a deadpan tone.
No! James exclaimed, But thanks, I bought it for five lemons...
We all stopped, needing a second to laugh at that. Only two years earlier, we had still been using paper money and coins. We had been buying and selling, not trading and bartering. We hadn't had a need to regress back to those old-time methods of shopping and purchasing, of keeping our families supplied with the basic necessities of life. It was funny, sometimes, how much things had changed. Funny and mind-boggling.
About Adam.
Oh! You know who Janna is, obviously.
The leader of the village we've been living in, for like, nine months, or the other Janna?
I swear to God, he's been spending too much time around Brynna. Shut up and listen, man. James told me, and he punched me in the shoulder for good measure. I tried not to wince.
Yeah, I know Janna.
Dont we all? Shes so freaking hot. Anyway, Greta heard from two of the other Pangaean girls who are apparently like, her servants, or something, that she and Adam are separated!
What? I dragged the word out, trying to feign being really surprised by this bombshell or at least to look as though I cared.
No, keep listening. That's not the best part.
Theyre separated, and these two servant girls got a little tipsy the other night and told Greta and Savannah something that Adam hasn't told anyone, not even Don or Brynna, before they got into their little tiff. He didn't wait for me to question, he forged ahead. There are too many people here. Adam and his missus have been arguing nonstop, you see, because he keeps a number in his head, and there are too many people here.
So, what, are they going to pull an Old Spirit and send us out into the forest to fend for ourselves, and to fight the tree people? Because thats kind of what weve wanted to do since this whole thing happened with him and Brynna.
No. Adam knows that if there are too many people here, then the Crazies have people in our camp.
We heard that when we were at the house, too, and nothing came of it. I said, It was just Don being Don. Paranoid and paranoid.
No, but this time there are numbers to prove it. Remember how right after the city burned, we all got a number?
We had each been given a number to remember, and our names had been written down beside those numbers. It was how they kept track of the survivors at the time, but since then, it had been used as the Red Anarchy Population List.
Well, the numbers don't match anymore. These two servant girls are shaking in their boots, because they say that Adam said it's only a matter of time before they show themselves, and they play their card, if you know what I mean.
Play their card as in, attack us?
Exactly. And once that happens, he's going to snatch them all up and then, we're going to be taking another trip back north. At that, he grinned. Things might not be good right now, but theyll blow over. Brynn will work it out with him, and well be focused back on our real enemy. I been itchin' to get my hands on them sons of bitches. And this time, we'll be able to, without losing our houses or the lives we've built in the process. It would be such a shame if these nice people had to suffer for their hospitality. I'm from the South, and I know about hospitality. It's a duty, and it's got responsibilities, but not one of them responsibilities involves dying for the people you're looking out for. We brought this to their doorstep, and that ain't right.
It's not. James agreed, Tell him the last part.
The last part? He sniffled, and wiped his nose on the back of his hand. Well, shit, that's the doozy, ain't it? You're a smart boy, Quinn. Why don't you ask me the question that will lead me to the last part?
Dan, don't play games with him. Just tell...
No, I know what he's getting at. There's actually two questions that I should ask. One, if there are Crazies in our camp besides our crazies, then why didn't Adam tell Don and Brynna, and two, if there are Crazies in the camp besides our crazies, what the hell are we doing out here hunting down tree people?
See? He's a bright one, this one. Dan said, Well, the reason why he hasn't told Brynna is because of the fight theyre havin. And the reason why he hasnt told Don is because Don actually took Brynns side.
What? I asked, and this time I really was shocked.
I know. Crazy, aint it? Either way, Adam don't trust either one of them, because he don't trust anyone except his people now. If he could send them both to the Lapsarian, he would. But James has told me all about his little obsession with Brynn, and I don't like it. None of us do. But that don't matter to him anymore. What matters to him is keeping his folk alive, and he's willing to suspect her and question her if that's what it takes to get the answers, because he thinks she and Don are hiding somethin'.
Hiding what? I exclaimed, He thinks that we're working for the other side?
He thinks that we want to take over. Something turned him off to our kind, and I don't know what. But something made him not trust us.
And I do know what. I know exactly what. James was seething now, and when he spoke, his voice trembled dangerously. Its not just the deal she made. Anyone would do what she did, and he knows that. The bigger part of it is that she rejected him. She chose me over him, and he was expecting her to leave me, and serve him in more ways than one. He's always wanted more than her power. Only he's already got a wife, so do you know what that tells me?
I know what it tells you. Dan said, If he's got a wife, he's got to have a mistress, right? And I'm sure he's got plenty of those, too. She'd just be one of many.
Yeah. That's what he wanted from her. Those two girls that serve Janna heard him say it. And I swear to God, I should take this gun, and I should shoot him in the back, but I'm not a coward. I'm not going to do it when he's not expecting it. I'm going to look him in the eyes when I kill him for doing that to her. Everything he did for her, every moment when he led her to believe that he cared about her, it was all a lie. It was nothing but bullshit. It was supposed to make her drop her guard. And she's mine to protect, so I'm going to protect her. If he so much as looks at her, thinking that he's going to question her the way he's questioned other people that hes suspected of being Bachum spies, he's wrong. If he thinks hes going to hurt her for betraying him, he better think again, because I'll kill him. You all know its true.
No, wait, wait... I said, not wanting to picture that epic battle; James would certainly put up a fight, but I didn't think that he could win. Adam was just too strong. He was too old. He was far too skilled a fighter with and without weapons. That can't be it, James. It can't just be her rejecting him. You still havent told any of us exactly what deal she made, or whatever, but that is probably what pissed him off so much.
Hang on. Dan said, and he stood up taller so he could scan the crowd. He tapped Wes, who was sauntering about in front of us, talking to Courtney and Noor, two of the girls on our team he had always liked and who tolerated him with a begrudging affection most of the time and actual affection the rest of the time.
Court, tell Niko to get Seth and Kelly.
Why? Courtney asked, looking concerned. Do you not feel good? I think Kelly only brought acid roots.
I'm fine, I just need to talk to them. Don't shout, though. Just get them, and tell them to be quiet about it.
Are you boys telling secrets? Courtney asked with a slight grin. Gossiping is usually reserved for us, but I'm all about breaking stereotypes, and I'm glad that you guys are so confident in your masculinity that you feel you can gossip freely without being called names. That's nice. It's a sign of progression. I like progress.
You're so dumb. I told her through my laughter.
Excuse you, Quinn, but that little ramble proved that she is not dumb. In fact, the opposite was proved. Noor told me, and then she beamed brightly. Isn't my English better?
It's way better. Holy shit, you learned fast, girl! I've been practicing my Farsi. Wanna hear? I asked, and I tried to say a few words that she and her sisters had tried to teach me a few days earlier when we had returned from a particularly grueling day of farm work. She giggled, and graciously said that I was doing well. By the time Seth and Kelly had gotten back to us, I had nearly forgotten what we were talking about, though I never lost that pull of anxiety in my chest that reminded me of the unpleasant topic we were going to address momentarily. I couldn't shake that bad feeling.
Is this about... Kelly gestured with her eyes towards Adam. When we all nodded, she lowered her voice. You want to hear the exact words, right?
Yeah. I replied.
Well, these girls overheard Janna and Adam arguing, and after we gave them some of that really strong wine, they told us that Janna was jealous of the attention he was giving Brynna, she didn't believe that he was sincerely 'against her' and that he had begun to 'sympathize too much' because of her. And he said that she was quote, 'nothing' to him and that he suspected she was sent by her father, and that she had only saved his life because they want both him and Janna up north. Tyre wants to kill them both himself. He says that Brynna staying with James proves that somehow. That's exactly what he said, if those two girls are to be believed, and they should be, because they were in the next room. And Paul, that guy Brynna and James dragged back here, says that Savannah and her children were sent by the Bachums, even though they were exiled.
Wait, he says that they were outlawed, and that they were also sent by the Bachums? That doesn't make any goddamn sense.
Exactly. He's lying about that, obviously. But that doesn't matter. Paul said that the spy wasnt Savannah. He said Tyre sent in a spy that will get right up close to Adam, so she can kill him. That's what the man finally said to Adam. He said that she will be close to him, and she will be looking to make a trade for one of her own. And Adam didn't need to hear any more than that for him to suspect Brynna.
What? I wanted to join James and rip the man to pieces. He wasn't going to touch my friend, my family. Who would Brynna be trading for?
There's been a lot of talk recently in their meetings, according to Don, that Daniel wasn't the only black sheep to get a ticket here. And Adam also said that she was talking about something heDaniel, I meansaid in the woods. And Adam said, 'I knew she was playing the game then. I sensed it in her. I read her feelings: traitorous and murderous.' And now he's gunning for her.
But who is she trading for?
There was a long moment of silence, because they were all on the same page; they were all believing that it was the same person, and whoever it was would be someone we all would trade for. Still, I didn't know. I had to be told.
Her mama. Dan answered solemnly, It's her mama, Quinn.
The words hit me like a booted foot to the stomach. She never spoke of it, but I was perceptive to feelings; that was my power, in case that hasn't become evident to you yet. Violet, Alice, and I shared the same ability. Every time Violet spoke of their mother, be it with some old memory or with the sad realization spoken out loud that she couldn't picture her mom's face clearly anymore, Brynna's heart would concave. It was strange, but it was like the sturdy structure that kept all the unpleasant memories, thoughts, and emotions away crumpled in on itself and left her open and vulnerable to further damage. Her features would always drop slightly; her eyebrows fell along with the corners of her lips, her eyelids drooped, and I know that tears sometimes swam into her eyes. Even with her heart fallen in, she didn't cry, though.
And I'm supposed to look that son of a bitch in the face every day.
James's rage was a welcome distraction from those thoughts.
I'm supposed to live here, knowing that he's gunning for her now, all because she rejected him, all because she made some deal with Paul for her mother, and... You all would do it! You know you would.
Of course we would. Kelly agreed, and everyone at least nodded, but some people actually murmured their agreement out loud.
Ill tell you guys that right now, Brynn is operating under the assumption that theyre playing her, though Paul hasnt said that he was lying outright. But God, if she gets any more proof that its true, shes going to go north and light that place up. You all know that, too.
I do know. Kelly replied, Your girl is a ticking time bomb, and I love her for it. She goes off when it's time to go off. Now is that time. I hate to be prophetic about this, because that's her area, but I think that our time to part from Adam's people has come. Whatever shaky truce we had is broken.
Irreparably. I agreed, We should've known that this alliance was too good to be true, anyway. He's playing us now. That's why we're out here, isn't it? He's smoking them out. The people that are hiding in our camp.
That's exactly why. Dan agreed, Security's all out in the woods. Who you gonna call?

Violet

The secret spread quicker than the panic that would surely accompany it. Gossip and rumor were not as formidable as fact, and everyone knew that the traitors in our midst meme was fact. 
You seem tense. Alice told Brynna, and from behind, she hugged her, a warm gesture that Brynna seemed to appreciate genuinely, when as early as a year before, she would have exclaimed in fury at it and promptly pushed Alice with all the force she could muster. You okay, mama bird?
Yes. I am fine. Everything is fine. Brynna replied softly, but she rolled her head slowly in half circles, first to the front so that her chin was touching her chest, and then so that the back of her head was against her shoulders. I get very tense when there is something hanging in the air, but I believe that this is just leftover physical strain from me using my body as a makeshift gurney for my severely injured former comrade.
He's our comrade? What is this, 1984? I asked with a chuckle, and she smiled, too, despite her worry; she was quietly impressed by the fact that I had read Orwell, one of the authors she used to speak of a lot and with great passion.
Your heart's beating really fast. Alice told her, I can feel it. Brynn, what's going on? And don't say nothing, because we don't believe you! You only get like this when something bad is coming! Is Adam about to go on a rampage, or is it the boys?
No. Ladies, I need you not to worry. However, I must ask that you go find Penny. There is something that I need to do.
I'm not leaving you. I told her, and immediately, I crossed my arms over my chest, my typical sign of stubbornness and unshakable determination.
You will do what I say.
No, I won't. I'm technically eighteen now, even if you can't tell the slight difference in my appearance that might have come with aging a year! I'm eighteen, and I'm an adult...
Who is living under my roof, and I asked you politely to go get Penny.
Not until you tell me what's going on.
Violet Mae, do not anger me when I am facing a very precarious situation, and when a dark foreboding is hanging over our kind like a wind-whipping, pitch-black storm. That's how I see it in my mind. Like it is a tornado headed right towards us.
What kind of tornado? Like one of those ones you can jump through that we used to get in the cornfields back home? Or one of the big ones, like in that movie with the guy from Titanic? Or like the shark tornado?!
Category five, like the movie with Bill Paxton, which was called Twister. Now, go!
By the time Alice and I had found Penny, the excrement had already been flung towards the spinning fan, but it hadn't hit just yet. Somehow, it hadn't hit.
Janna and Brynna were standing right in the village square, arguing in hushed voices. Pangaeans and Eartheans were stopped, looking at the two of them over their shoulders or from behind books or around walls.
Keep Penny back. I told Alice, who only nodded. I jogged over, and heard them hissing to one another.
You will not put your hands on me again, human. That is right; I called you human. That is what you are, after all. Your kind will never be like us. I do not care about your acquisition of powers. Or perhaps Tyre is right; perhaps it is not acquisition but rather, thievery!
Is that supposed to insult me? You calling me a human, I mean. I was one, and though I am not anymore, I would not associate myself or my race with your kind, either. We are at a stalemate of offense there: calling me Pangaean insults me, and calling you Earthean does the same to you. No matter, because trading barbs is not why I am here.
Why are you here, Ms. Olivier? Tell me, so that I may rip you to pieces myself! Adam will not have need to. I will handle my husband's business better than he can! Despite his attachment to you being merely a show meant to make you drop your guard, you did save his life, and the man will have a hard time taking yours because of that!
What is going on? I exclaimed, and they both looked over at me but did not startle upon finding me in their presence.
Please excuse us. This does not concern you.
I had expected Janna to speak kindly to me, even if she and Brynna were fighting over whatever had happened between Brynna and Adam. She had consoled me when I had been expelled from the medical program, and during the few times Caspar and I had run into her on our many adventures, we had exchanged kind words. Granted, I had not seen Caspar for weeks and strongly suspected that Adam had sent him to one of the war colonies, so I dont know why I expected her kindness. When she looked at me, her steely blue eyes were tinged with both cool indifference and unmistakable disgust.
Brynna, what's going on?
A witch hunt to rival the worst one in our history is about to take place here. Many of our number will die, including some who are close to me. Her voice almost faltered, but she caught herself. She would not show weakness in front of Janna. Adam has been fed lies by one of the prisoners I acquired. That man, known as Paul, is very important to the Bachums, Tyre, and our father, and he has said that I made a deal to trade Adam and Janna for... She stopped, and her eyes diverted. For someone else.
Tell her. Janna snarled, Tell her who. Or are you incapable of honesty? Does your black heart forbid it?
Who would you be trading for? I asked, my heart punching against my chest in anticipation. I didn't know why I was suddenly so anxious, because I truly had no idea who she could be speaking of.
I opened my village to you despicable inferiors. Janna snarled, I allowed you to believe that we are one in the same. After you saved Adam, I believed that perhaps we have been wrong about you. Perhaps my husband and I have cruelly and swiftly judged your race; perhaps you are not vermin, in need of merciless, thoughtless extermination. Perhaps you can be of some use...
We have been of much use to your husband. She actually scowled upon using the word. Don has given him every loyalty! He has believed in him! He has trusted him!
I noticed Don standing in the doorway for the first time.
And yet Adam suspects him, too!
Pauls heart told no lies, you yellow, barking dog! So yip, yip, yip all you want. Adam took all your best men and women so that you would show your colors, so that you would attack. And here you are!
Do you feel attacked? Brynna asked, and she actually laughed in cold, calculated prodding, and took a step towards Janna. Silly girl... She laughed even harder, If you truly believe that this is me attacking, then you are as pitifully stupid as your husband.
Janna closed the space between them and put her face right in Brynna's. Her insult to my sister had sent sparks flying in me. Her threatening advance towards her added gasoline. Overhead, the sun was blocked by thick, swirling gray clouds. Thunder crashed, startling the onlookers. Only Janna, Brynna, and I remained calm. Or so I thought.
When I looked at Don, he winked at me, and a smile spread across my lips. I wasn't the only one putting my emotion-harnessing powers to good use.
That word cuts you. Janna was beaming in malicious triumph now. Like a sharpened blade, it tears through you. You did not know. You believed all his talk. His sweet words, his gentle touch. Let me make this clear to you, silly girl, what Adam wants from you is the power you wield. Because he is diplomatic, he offered to let you cooperate. But you will not be the first that he has forced to come to his aid, and he will use you... Her grin widened, He will use every... last... part of you as he sees fit, until almost nothing remains. Then, he will toss you away, because you are nothing but Earthean trash, and trash must be disposed of before it begins to rot.
When I stormed forward, loud thunderclaps erupted over our heads, sending heated rain down onto us from the clouds like lava from the mouth of a spewing, spitting volcano. Brynna grasped my arm, and I calmed, but that rain did not cease.
That is all well and good to say. Brynna told her, and somehow, her voice remained calm. But I could feel her body shaking with rage beside my own. You say that Paul's heart told no lies, but have you read your husband's? No, of course you did not, because you cannot. Nor can I, but I could read his mind. Though some, if not all, of his feelings might have been falsified, you were noticeably absent from his consciousness. And when he touched me, Janna, he looked into my eyes. And when I touched him, he moaned my name. And do you know what he said?
What did he say?
Brynna had done it again; she had found her mark, the sore spot that was her opponent's greatest weakness, and she was prodding into it slowly, with cruel calculation, until finally, she would apply the full force of a blow that would collapse Jannas knees and leave her defenseless.
He said, 'God...' Her tone was purposefully breathless, and my grin widened as my eyes grew wider. 'I have never wanted anyone this way...' Anyone. My stars, Janna! Your husband wants a lowly human over his powerful wife. Well, I do believe that it is a case of 'out with the old, and in with the new, I am afraid.
And the excrement finally hit the fan blades. Janna lunged forward, but Brynna and I both dodged. After whipping around, we bore our fangs at her and roared. With a screech, she ran towards us, jumping through the air when she was close enough and raising her hands, ready to claw our faces as soon as she landed on her feet. But Brynna and I were too quick; we leaped with amazing power and agility into the air and met her halfway to tackle her back to the ground. With wild, aimless swings, she fought, and we dodged. Two on one wasn't fair, but Brynna was my sister, and we fought together. Apparently, Janna's people felt the same way, because they had stormed our own; they were fighting in their queens defense.
Fight them! Don yelled, but everyone had heeded that advice long before he had shouted it aloud. All around us, fighting had broken out. Gleefully, it seemed, our people joined in. There had been tension that was almost brutal brewing since the day before, when Adam had essentially declared us slaves after stating that our race was inferior to his. Janna might have tried to welcome us when we first arrived in her village, but because instincts were so highly valued and because they were possessed by all of us, we were able to see through that facade into her disdain for us, into how very irritated she was about having to look after us. Adam had never made us feel that way when we were living in his house, but to hear his wife tell it, he felt the very same way.
Fists pounded. Screams erupted from those being killed or those doing the killing. Gurgles, moans, and cries were intermixed with the rain that had turned to hail. Janna put up a good fight, kicking, punching and biting us several times, but her moves were rusty and predictable. Most of the time, Brynna and I countered her with ease and landed a hit that was far more damaging and better aimed than the one she had been throwing our way.
What is this? What is this?! She shrieked in rage at one point. More than that, she was crying out in frustration and disbelief. How could we be beating her? She was older. She was superior. How were we winning in a fight against her, when she had so believed that she would rip us apart with her hands, when she had thought that sending whipping spirals of hail in our direction would knock us to the ground or puncture our bodies with holes? During those attempts to use the power she and I both possessed, I sent the flying hail back at her with a simple swipe of my arm.
Though we were all impervious to the sounds of the fight, as we were all busy fighting, we did all freeze at the sound of a gunshot. Pangaeans and Eartheans froze in mid-punch, mid-kick, mid-final killing maneuver and looked all around for the shooter or the victim.
Brynna... Olivier. The voice was low, rumbling dangerously with blind, white-hot, purely animal fury. I was surprised that he was not simply growling and snarling. 
Brynna Olivier. 
Beside me, she did not tense. Her face did not contort into an expression of surprise or fear. When everyone around us stared at her, either in rage to rival their leaders' or in fear that one of our own might be about to meet her end, she simply stared back.
BRYNNA OLIVIER!
She is here, my love. Janna gasped out breathlessly, and more heads turned. Here.
I will go to him, because I am not afraid, silly little girl. Weak little girl. She added over her shoulder with a somewhat maniacal chuckle that I knew was the result of the adrenaline surging through her veins. I pulled Janna along with me simply so she couldn't jump up and attack us from behind. What I saw before me caused me to almost release my grip so I could cover my mouth in horror.
All members of our security detail were on their knees, with their hands tied behind their backs. Adam was pacing slowly behind them, scowling with the same darkness that I had seen in his eyes when he had attacked us that very first time in the campsite. In his hand was a large rifle that had been brought there on our ship; I recognized the crest on the butt of it.
You have taken issue with me, so... She started to say.
A gunshot rang out, and Wes, the very first person in the line, fell forward, bleeding, eyes barely open. Dead. Courtney and Noor screamed.
Do you want to shut your disgusting, lying mouth now, or should I shoot the next one?
Brynna, dont you tell him anything! James shouted at her, and Adam turned his cold, crazed stare to him.
Brynna looked back at me, smelling deeply. I did the same and was immediately besieged by a sudden dizziness.
What is it?
The circle Its broken. You have to go close it, Vi, you have to
Another gunshot rang out, and Brynna whipped back around. I jumped, my mind screaming at me to follow her orders. Instinct told me that if I didnt, something terrible would happen, but my eyes were firmly locked on Adams gun, and common sense told me not to tempt him to shoot me by trying to run off. 
Let them go. Brynna said softly, taking tentative steps towards him, Adam, there is no need...
BANG. Courtney screamed because she had known that she was next, and she had been right. Her scream cut off after that terrible bang.
Adam, listen to me! Brynna shouted, holding out her hand when he went to point the gun at the next person in the line, The circle is broken! Youre not yourself! Everything is amplified, and you all were out there for too long, and the circle is broken, so coming back over it did not cure you. You are not yourself, and
I am King. The forest cannot affect me. I am King of this land, and so I fear nothing from it! It fears me!
Okay, that is the trebestia venom talking, but
Do you know what Janna's power is? It's a very, very powerful version of the same power your sister and your sniveling leader wield. Parts of it resemble yours. Janna can read feelings. More specifically, she can read hearts. You can do the same, sometimes, I know, but as you and the truth have such a fickle, if not completely nonexistent, relationship, why should I ask you if what I say next is true?
She opened her mouth to speak, but Adam pointed the gun at Noor now. Her mouth closed again.
Thats it. Good girl, you are learning quickly, as I expected you to.
Brynna Noor pleaded with tears streaming down her face. Her entire body was shaking, and James, who was beside her, was whispering to her softly what I am sure were promises that she was going to be alright. Brynn, please stop him Oh God Oh God, James
My wife and I had an interesting conversation with Paul. You remember Paul? Your love over here... He stopped in back of James and rammed the butt of the gun into his shoulder hard; James barely grunted, but I could see briefly on his scowling face that the pain was severe. remembers him, as I am sure you do.
Yes. She answered, and her voice was still steady, but her eyes were locked on Noors. I could read her expression clearly. She was trying to soothe her; Noor was only seventeen, my age. Somewhere in the crowd, I could hear her mother sobbing, and thought instantly that soon, both she and Noors father would take action if Brynna did not. Brynna knew for sure that they would take action, and that if they did, Adam would shoot all three of them.
You look at me, you lying bitch!
He aimed the gun at Noor again and put his finger on the trigger. Noor screamed and cried harder, and James leaned closer to her, nestling his head against hers. 
Brynna Brynna Noor was crying over and over again.
Aim it at me! Brynna screamed, and for the first time, her eyes were wide, and her fear was evident. It is me whom you are confronting! Now aim the gun at me, Adam.
She was walking forward slowly, and he did turn the gun to her.
Brynna! James shouted at her, Violet, stay back!
And I did. My mind was shrieking in absolute terror to move, to stop her, and I tried but couldnt. A lull had come over my mind, halting my body's ability to send the messages to my legs and arms that would be needed to move forward and grab her. She was doing that to me. Her power was getting stronger every day.
I don't know what she told you, but it is a lie, Adam. I heard her whisper. We all heard her, because all of our ears were switched over to our superhuman hearing. What has she told you?
You know your lies. You do not need me to tell you.
Adam, I never said I would do it. I never told Paul that I would trade you for her. I only said I would consider it
Several months ago, Adams voice was raised so we all could hear, Ms. Olivier and I traveled a great distance together. During that time, I was severely injured from a wound inflicted on me by none other than Tyre, leader of the Old Spirits. During our time in the woods, Ms. Olivier and I were captured by a group of those men, and during that time, Ms. Olivier was beaten, whipped, and nearly raped. Weren't you, my dear? Isn't this humiliating for you? He snarled at her. I covered my mouth in horror, not knowing that what had happened to her out there had been so terrible. I had seen only some of the physical and mental repercussions of her time in the woods, but I had not known, because I could not possibly have known, how bad it had been.
Her father showed up to take her back with him. Her father... and Paul. The latter of those two led her away from me, and during their time together, a deal was struck. Brynna would not only save my life so that I would lead her to Janna, but then, she would gain Janna's trust while sustaining my own, all so she could capture us, no doubt with the help of her merry band, and turn us over. And why, my beauty? He spat the word at her like a slur. Why would you be so willing to help our most hated enemies? The ones who threaten your life here on Purissimus? The ones who have tried to kill us all more than once? What did Paul offer you?
She murmured something.
Speak up! I could not hear you, which guarantees that they could not!
My mother.
My heart nearly stopped. When Adam shouted at her to repeat herself even louder, I was unprepared to hear that word again, to realize that profound possibility again.
My mother!
Her mother!
There was a rumble of whispers in the crowd that seemed loud enough to shake the trees over our heads and the ground beneath our feet. I could not discern whether it was malicious or just an audible sign of their disbelief.
A woman who, according to many of you, was partially responsible for the destruction of your Earth. Now, I have been good to you. I have accepted you here. I have aided your fight against the other side. Janna has let all of you into her village, free of charge. She has supplied you with food, shelter, water, clean clothing, a safe community... My wife and I have done everything in our vast power to care for all of you. And this young lady has decided that we are just trinkets with which to be bartered. We are so easily spendable. Dispensable. All in exchange for a sick, heartless shrew whose willful ignorance and conniving debauchery brought excruciating deaths to most of your kind, and forced the rest of you from your homes. The atmosphere around your burning Earth reeked of chemicals and poison the last we checked. It was man-made, whatever destroyed your Orb. It was war, as you all have believed! But Brynna Olivier wants her mother. To hell with what I have done for her. To hell with what Janna has done. Brynna Olivier just wants her mummy back.
I was crying. I was trying to bite my lip to stifle the sound, but I was out and out sobbing. Janna was on her knees in the dirt beside me, immobile by Brynna's spell over us as well. My mother was alive. She was on Pangaea. I could see her again, have her face reprinted in my mind, where I would never allow myself to lose sight of it again...
But my sister was in terrible danger. Adam was trying to whip up a mob that would lynch her for her betrayal. Around me, I felt fury, but it was weak. In my state, I could not pinpoint exactly who it was coming from or who it was directed towardsif people were angry at Brynna for what she had done and what she had caused to happen, or if they were angry at Adam for killing his own and causing such a violent stir.
Now, I want you to be a brave girl and admit it. He told her in condescending sweetness. Admit it out loud, and face the consequences.
Just shoot me, Adam, because you are going to anyway. Brynna told him.
Adam laughed, and shook his head.
Oh, there is that stubbornness...
He fired the gun at the other end of the line, and Seth, a man who had lived a few doors down from us in the house, fell forward, sputtering and trembling. His boyfriend yelled out in rage and went to storm forward, but thankfully, our people held him back.
Brynna, don't you do it! James bellowed at her. Don't you say it, Brynna! Don't you dare lie!
I already admitted it. Brynna said, and somehow, I knew she wasn't lying. I told you the truth, Adam, when I said that I had never promised Paul I would do it. I only said I
Another gunshot. Markos, a man known for growing the largest vegetables and selling them for the best price, fell forward to the ground, and my heart fell in on itself at the sound of a childs scream. His son. They had come there together. It was only the two of them.
PAPA! PAPA! The voice shrieked over and over again, until it was muffled when someone, presumably his sons babysitter, had scooped him up and held him to her chest.
But Markos was still breathing. The bullet had grazed his neck, and he was bleeding enough that Adam would think he was dying, but he was not dead. He could be saved.
Goddamn it, Adam, I did it! I did it! Is that what you want me to say? You want me to lie and say that I swore I would hand you over to them?! I did it! I swore I would do it! Now stop it!
Brynna! James looked and sounded like he might have killed her himself if he could.
Do not preface your confession with saying that you are lying. Tell the truth! You swore it to him! You swore to Paul that you would betray me!
Adam, this is not you. The ash-circle is broken, and your rage is amplified. Smell the air. You will smell them if you just smell the air, and youll know that they are coming!
The gun fired again, this time in her direction, this time twice. The bullets burrowed into the ground right in front of her feet. She jumped back, and James roared in rage, struggling against the vines keeping his wrists bound. When Adam pointed his gun at the back of Jamess head, she began speaking quickly.
I did it. I made that deal for my mother's life. I was going to lead both of you out of here under false pretenses into an ambush in the woods, and I was going to do it tomorrow. They'll be waiting tomorrow, but I suppose now they will suffer grave disappointment. Isn't that right? Now stop this, Adam. She closed the space between them, It is me you want. Just let them go
Adam reached out and grabbed her hair at the back of her head. In two abrupt turns, he twisted his fist in it, and then pulled her head back.
You have pained me. He whispered. You have pained me! He shouted in her face. You are nothing but a traitorous whore, and I should have known!
On the ground, James, Elijah, and Quinn were fighting the grasp of the three Pangaean men who had just taken hold of them.
So, just shoot me, Adam, and let them go. She was speaking to him softly, but we all could hear. Let them go.
Janna would never lie to me. We are husband and wife; we do not lie to one another.
Of course not, my love. Janna crowed to him sickeningly. A false word would never pass my lips to meet your ears. Never.
She said that Paul's heart was true. There was no fear in his heart when he spoke those words, no fear of discovery. He was not lying. You did make a deal with him.
I just said that I did. I admitted it. I said it. Now you can shoot me here, Adam, or you can do whatever else to me you feel is necessary, and I'll accept it if you just let them go. Her voice dropped to a whisper, and a shudder passed through it that broke my heart. The word itself split through me like an axe. Please.
 You saved my life only so you could kill me yourself. The same way you killed Donovan and Rene! Yes, I watched her smother Donovan with a pillow! I watched her eyes glaze over as she felt the last of his life draining from him, as he kicked and fought for his life beneath her! Then more recently, instead of allowing our judicial system to sort out Rene for crimes she assumed he would one day commit against her sister, she brutally murdered him, ripping out his throat and snapping his jaw. This is a dark, evil, young woman. Adam continued, This is a lying, traitorous beast that must be put down! He shouted the last part in her face.
Because Janna and I were the closest to them, we heard her whisper to him.
Look at me.
It took him several seconds, but soon, his blazing red eyes were burning intensely and terrifyingly into her sedated blue ones.
You stupid man... She actually laughed slightly, I was going to tell you everything, and ask for your assistance. I was going to tell you right after we brought Paul in. I just... Her voice dropped even lower. I just needed to see if it was true, about my mother. I just needed to see her. To talk to her. I needed to see that she was alright. But it was never my intention to hand you over to them. I just needed to see that she was alive, Adam.
Adam stared at her, and his expression had softened. He wanted to believe her.
Let go of her! James was shouting now. She's not lying to you! Let her go!
So, you knew, too? My surprise is unfathomable. Janna, my love?
Yes?
Has she told me the truth, or has she simply lied again? The latter does come so easily to her, it seems.
Silence all around us. I glared at Janna, who was still kneeling in the dirt. I was ready to send an earthquake or a wildfire in her direction, or to ignore her, all depending on her answer.
She lies, of course.
Adam tapped the business end of the rifle against Brynnas lips, and James shouted even louder. Around me, people were protesting loudly. I could hear Penny screaming for Brynna somewhere. Adam kissed Brynnas forehead, holding his lips there for a long time.
Of course. He whispered.
It was while the gun was down that Elijah broke free of the Pangaean mans grasp. He ran forward just as Brynna lunged forward and grabbed the gun. It happened so quickly, but I saw her and Adam struggling for it wildly, and then the gunshot cracked deafeningly through the air, and they both froze. The crowd was silenced. My eyes took far too long to register the sight before me. My brain couldn't process it, because I was sure she had been shot. And when she crumpled to the ground, and Elijah grabbed her, exclaiming in horror, I knew that she had been.
Are you hit? Where did he hit you?! Elijah was shouting, and she was nodding, her breaths quick, labored, choking back sobs. Rain was pouring from the heaven because of me; I was crying hysterically, and throwing myself in the mud beside her.
Near my shoulder. She somehow managed to gasp, In my chest.
James had broken free and was next to her now, and she was reaching back with her unwounded arm to find him. Several others had broken free of their restraints, but they were not attacking Adam. They were attacking each other, or just screaming and sobbing, grabbing their faces, their hair, or cowering on the ground in a ball, screaming and covering their ears. 
Mom, Im sorry. Mom, Im so sorry. A boy on the ground next to us was sobbing, even though he was alone. I love you, and Im sorry.
James... James... Brynna was breathing, It broke apart. The bullet. She cried out when she tried to move her arm, James
The ash circle has been broken! A Pangaean man yelled, It is broken!
The chaos intensified. Adam began firing into the crowd at random, just as several other Pangaeans began to rip into each other or into our people, whomever they could reach. Quinn, Savannah, Nick, and Alice were beside us, Alice clutching Penny close and keeping her eyes covered.
Alright, my love. James was saying in a shaking voice, Come on, baby. Guys, were going to make for the infirmary, okay?
What is that? Fuck, what is that?! Eli shouted, and he fell to his knees.
You gotta fight it! Eli! James actually backhanded him in the face, and it did seem to make Eli return to his senses a little bit, You gotta fight it! James bellowed at him as he threw Brynnas uninjured arm around his neck and lifted her. She shrieked in pain when he slid his arm under her injured shoulder to adjust her. Im sorry. Im sorry, baby. Guys, get him up! We gotta go!
Nick and Quinn scooped Elijah up, and we took off running for the infirmary. A man charged us, running on all fours, and when he lunged through the air, Alice, still holding Penny, dropped down to slide on her side through the mud, while I jumped up to push him back the way he had come. He crashed to the ground with me on top of him, and I jumped up, brought my foot back, and kicked him as hard as I could in the face. I might have killed him. I still dont know, and given how desperate I was to help my sister, I dont care.
Once we were inside the infirmary, I started stripping out of my muddy clothes. I was down to my bra and underwear, pulling my muddy hair on top of my head and turning the hot water tap on the sink in less than a minute. Without even cringing at the burning water, I began to scrub the mud from my hands and body until everything was sterile enough to operate. Then, I threw a long white lab coat on and buttoned it. 
We need bandages and alcohol and tweezers and a scalpel and iodine... We need Lulling Petals so I don't hurt her... I was rambling, and the rain, sleet, and now snow began to pour from the sky. The wind whipped into a frenzy, and I knew that the spell the Pangaeans were shouting about was just one of our worries. Our powers were running awry, too.
James, lay her down. Get her shirt off. We have to get that mud out of the wound. Oh, God I gasped, Oh, God, Brynn There was so much blood seeping from the wound. Mixed with the mud, it was almost black. Alright. Dont worry, Brynn. 
James was ripping her shirt off, and I struggled not to cover my mouth in horror. She had lost so much blood. Her wound was smothered with mud. If I didnt retrieve all the pieces of the bullet and get her cleaned up and sewn up, she would die not from blood loss but from infection.
Nick threw his arms around me when I started to breathe heavily. He knew my anxiety was coming very close to rendering me completely useless to my sister.
Remember the first episode of Lost? He asked, When Jack talks about accidentally hurting that girl during surgery?
Oh, God He had cut into her dural sac at the bottom of her back. God, what if something like that happens?
No. It wont! But do you remember how he said he let the fear take over him for five seconds? Count to five.
Nick, that wasnt his sister! And
Count to five!
I closed my eyes, shutting out the image of my sister, my protector, my mother, for all intents and purposes, in so much pain and bleeding so quickly, I thought there was no way I could stop it. I closed my eyes, and I let all that fear for her and all that sadness at seeing her in such pain consume me until tears were running down my face, and I was sobbing audibly. Then, I counted, out loud.
And you will think I am lying, but when I opened my eyes, I saw the situation with a clear head. All I knew was that I had been training for several months for an emergency such as this. I had worked under the Dr. Luciana Miletus, who told me I was the best out of all my classmates. I had worked with the other Pangaean and Earthean doctors in everything from stitching a deep cut to delivering a baby. I might not have had a medical degree. I might not have even considered the medical field on Earth. But I was qualified. I could help my patient. She was not my sister; she was my patient.
James, I need you to scrub yourself down and change your clothes. Then, I need you to get her up and over to the sink.
I grabbed a bucket from the sterile storage closet and turned on the hot water. The cold tap was not producing enough cold water to dilute the heat of what had already poured into the bucket. It was scolding, cloudy from the heat, and steaming copiously. 
James, I cant get it to cool down. 
He had used another sink to get the mud off of him. 
Just do it Brynna gasped out. Do it
Nick, I need Lulling petals. Quinn, I need a scalpel, tweezers, and the sutures. Allie, I need you to get Penny out of here!
They all took off.
Infirmary! Brynna gasped out. Infirmary!
What, baby?
Talking to Rachel Savannah Tony Infirmary! She looked at us, Do it!
James had a bucket, and I had a bucket. With a hurried apology, I threw the steaming hot water onto her, and she screamed in pain and thrashed on the bed as the water ran from the top of her hair down to her feet. James threw his bucket onto her and then lifted her into his arms. 
Im sorry. Im so, so sorry, sweetheart. He was carrying her over to dry, clean bed. 
We dont have any lulling petals! Nick exclaimed, actually grabbing two handfuls of his hair in horror. Holy fuck! What are we going to do?!
We are just going to have to do without them You need to calm yourself down. Get into another room. Youre getting infected, Nick!
Quinn came in with the supplies I had asked for all clutched in one of his hands. His other hand was balled into a fist, and he was hitting himself in the head with it.
So stupid! How could you have thought to do it?! How could you have said you were going to leave them?! What were you thinking?! So stupid!
Shit. Shit, its getting them both. James said, Allie! I need you to lock Quinn and Nick into separate rooms. Allie! ALICE!
Alice screamed up the hallway, and then Penny came running into the room, sobbing hysterically.
Allie is sick! She keeps screaming for her mommy and daddy! She says theyre stuck! They got taken by shadows! Brynn!
No! Savannah arrived just in the nick of time. She scooped Penny up and carried her out into the hallway. Then, she came back and pulled Nick and Quinn from the room. 
Have to do it without Violet Im bleeding too much Gotta get them out soon not much longer
Dont talk like that, baby. James said, Were going to fix you up in no time. Youll see. I promise.
Love you so much She told him, and tears started to fall from her eyes rapidly. She took a shaky breath. I remember it First time I saw you So debonair She laughed softly, and then cringed in pain but continued speaking, so handsome Had such a crush on you
So that thing that your parents tell you when youre young about the people who are being mean to you actually having a thing for you is true? He asked, You were so mean!
She laughed for a second, and he did, too. When the pain of her laugh registered, her face contorted into a look of shock at first, and then she was whimpering softly. 
Keep talking, baby. Keep talking. 
I tried to gently cut her with the scalpel. Obviously, being gently cut is no better than being harshly cut, and even though she was weak, she did manage to cry out. 
Keep talking, Brynna. What did you think I thought of you when I first met you? Did you read my mind then?
After several seconds during which she breathed heavily through her hysterical, silent sobs, she shook her head.
James James She cried. 
Stay with me, baby. Youre doing so well. Youre so strong, sweetheart. Ive never met someone so strong in my life, and Ive been around a lot longer than you.
Love you so much James Fell in love with you so fast. Made me so happy So so happy 
James, dont you start crying! Im already not fighting it, but if you lose it, Im going to lose it, too! I hissed at him in a shaking voice, but tears began to pour from his eyes. I pushed the tweezers into her wound, and she seized up, but was only able to moan softly. 
Dont talk like that, baby. Like youre saying goodbye. Youre not going anywhere. Vi is getting the bullet fragments out and then were going to stitch you up and let you rest for as long as you need, and youll be alright again. Youve survived worse than this, baby. Right? Think of how much youve survived. Long before we came here, you were surviving all on your own, because youre so strong. Youre a fighter. I never have to worry about you, because youre so strong. You can do this, baby. Just hold on for me. For our little girl. For both of our girls. They need you, baby. We all need you.
But she was so pale. Her blood was pumping out of her each time her heart beat. I was picking around in the wound to get the bullet fragments out when I should have been trying to stop the bleeding. But I think in my heart, I knew that a miracle would be needed for her to be saved. As a grim knowing similar to what she experienced every day took over me, I realized that the bullet, when it broke apart, had sent several fragments very close to her heart. I could maneuver around carefully, but by the way the blood was flowing, I knew from my limited experience in medicine that an artery had been severed.  
So handsome She whispered to him, and her hand came up to rest on his cheek. Very weakly, she stroked his stubble with her thumb. He kissed her palm, his silent tears streaming down her wrist, his jaw clenched as he tried to stop himself from shedding even more.
In your designer suit Scuffed up shoes so funny and so brave so protective Felt so safe and so happy with
Brynna? James shook her gently. Sweetheart? He shook her a little more roughly as I quickly felt for a pulse on her wrist. He looked at me, praying, I knew, that I would say her heart was still beating, even if it was only weakly. 
James I whispered, my voice barely audible.
For what felt like ages, we were both silent and still. Everything in the world was silent and still. Finally, with violently trembling arms, he scooped her up and held her to him. He buried his face in her chest, his body trembling with silent sobs that were steadily growing more hysterical; I had never seen him cry before, and now, I was seeing him cry like that, so intensely, so unabashedly, with everything
It cant be. It cant be. He whispered, Not you. Not you, Brynna. Oh, God, please please, please not her. Oh, God, please, Ill do anything. Please dont take her. Dont take her from me. Please. Please.
Her fingers had locked around mine before her heart had stopped. I lowered my face down onto the back of her hand, and then I cried until every part of me ached when her chest expelled one last breath. I looked up, my widened eyes searching hers for any sign of life. They were half open, their usual electric, livewire blue dulled to almost black. Her skin that had always been so pale was even paler. Even her lips were white. Her long dark-brown hair was cascading over Jamess arm, fallen completely from its usual bun, staining the white sheets with thick, rapidly falling droplets of her blood.
Shes everything. She changed everything. How can You take her away?! James bellowed, slamming his fist down on the pillow where her head had laid.
James I cried. 
 She is twenty two years old! He shouted, punching the pillowcase again. Son of a bitch! Fucking son of a bitch! Fucking bastard!
Brynna Brynna Oh, Brynn Brynna I cried, and once I started, I could not stop saying her name. The door opened, and Savannah walked in, slowly at first, but then she was running to us. She stammered over her words, trying to ask for an explanation that she didnt need. She already knew what had happened.
Oh, no She said, dropping to her knees beside me, Oh, God Brynna. 
Baby, please Please wake up Oh, God, Ill do anything. Anything. Just send her back. James was whispering through his tears, his grip on her so tight that her ghostly skin was enflamed with red lines from his embrace. Goddamn it! Oh, God, Brynna Please come back, baby. Come back to me.
James you have to let her go. Savannah whispered, Just put her down. Try to breathe. Youve got to calm down and tell Penny. You have to let Penny say her goodbyes.
I cant let her go. He whispered. I can never let her go God, Brynna
LET ME IN! LET ME IN! Penny was shrieking, and we watched Joe get thrown from the doorway, but I did not see Penny. She moved in a blur, leapt through the air to land on the bed, and with strength far beyond her years, yanked Brynna from James, and laid down upon her chest. Her chest pressed to Brynnas, and after a moment, she seemed to rise slightly as Brynna took in a breath. James and I looked up, in shock, with such undiluted and unabashed happiness, our tears still falling.
Well, what are you waiting for? An open invitation? Vi, get the bullet out!
Penny turned her head away when I grasped the scalpel. James went to hold Brynna down, but he didnt have to; when I cut into her with the scalpel, her mouth opened and she breathed in, but she didnt scream. Her eyebrows wrinkled slightly and a very soft, almost imperceptible moan escaped her when I gently dug into the wound with the scalpel. Before my eyes, the artery that had been severed close to her heart by one of the sharp bullet fragments healed.
Remember when you took me to the aquarium? Penny whispered to Brynna after a slightly louder cry escaped her. James had his arm over them both, and was lying with his head next to Brynnas. Remember how much we loved the dolphins? And how scared I was of the sharks? They were so big, and their teeth were so sharp. You had to carry me through that part, but after we went through, I wanted to go back through again, and you took me back down to see them, and I wasnt scared anymore. Because you had told me we were safe, and that they couldnt get me. So I knew I could go back and see them, and when we did, I wasnt scared. Remember how much I loved them after that? We even bought our stuffed shark, and you said wed watch that scary shark movie someday when I was older. We did such fun things when we were back there, Brynn. We always had so much fun. Especially when it was summer, and wed go all over the place. And now James is with us, and the three of us are doing fun things together now. Like when we go to the lake, and you say you hate it, but James makes you laugh and smile the whole time.
She stopped talking just as I grasped another piece of the bullet inside of Brynna.
Keep talking, Penny. She likes your voice. See how calm she is? Your voice calms her down. James told her. 
James wants to marry you. He told me. He said hed marry you whenever you wanted to. Plus, I can hear it in his mind.
My head snapped up to look at her, but she didnt see. Jamess eyes met mine, and he wore a similar look of shock.
He loves you, Brynna. He always thinks about it, how much he loves you.
Alright, I am going to start stitching her. 
James nodded, and kissed Brynnas head, and then Pennys.
Little turnip. Spilling my secrets. He said teasingly, and she laughed. They were quiet as I stitched the wound, allowing me to concentrate completely.
Brynna gave a start, and as quickly as she had slipped away, she came back. Her eyes opened slowly, and she blinked around at all of us, looking confused and then panic-stricken. Her hands flew up to grab the needle I was using to stitch her up, but Savannah and Penny held her hands to her stomach.
JAMES! She screamed, and I laughed in relief, because her scream was loud and strong again. 
Oh, my God. He fell sideways so he was sitting and scooted up so he was next to her face. His forehead pressed to hers, and every second for at least two minutes, he kissed her lips. When he pulled away, he looked into her eyes in disbelief that they were open and full of life again. I dont even know what to say right now.
I laughed again, tears streaking down my face.
Penny, you did it! I told her, You healed her!
Was it you, baby? Brynna asked her softly, kissing her head twice. 
Penny nodded and nestled her head against Brynnas.
Because I just love you so much.
Is that how she was able to do it? I asked Brynna, even though I knew she was not fully recovered and more than likely not in the mood to answer my questions.
I dont know. She replied, I think it is just an additive. Some special defect that only some people have here. She looked back at James. Never cry like that again. I was gone, but I I could hear you, and it broke my heart, and I knew I had to find my way back.
Stop almost dying, or in this case, actually dying, and I wont have to cry like a girl. You gotta stop giving me these scares, baby. Ive told you, Im old, and my heart aint what it used to be, and
With force sufficient enough to startle him, she pulled his face to hers and kissed him. 
Did you really say that to her?
To who? He asked.
To Penny. 
That shes a little turnip? Yes. You started the nickname, and I have picked it up.
You know what I mean. She started to stroke his face again, Did you say that?
Yes. Penny answered loudly from her chest, and they both laughed. 
I wont say that our darling Penny was lying. Hows that? 
She looked at him and nodded. 
 How badly?
Like Ive always said, its not something I need. Its not something I ever wanted to do again. But all of this, all these times when Ive almost lost you, or weve broken up, which is basically the same thing, all of that has gotten me thinking that maybe we should just do it.
Do it. Do it. I chanted quietly as I held Brynnas other hand in both of mine. She laughed softly and squeezed my hand. 
I think we should do whatever feels right. James told her, And what feels right to me right now is putting it off, but I said that one day, I want to go down that road with you, even though I thought I had never wanted to go down that road again. But if you give me another one of these scares, like a gunshot wound, some trebestia scratches, or a three-day disappearance after the city burnt down, we are going to be talking a lot more seriously about this.
Damn it, you two just wont do it, will you? I asked as I picked up Brynnas arm and gently moved it in circles to see how easily she could rotate it.
Ow! Just because the wound is sealed shut and sterile does not mean that the residual pain has dissipated completely!
Shes back! Ladies, shes back! Ladies and gentlemen in the hallway, shes back! James shouted, and we were all laughing again, so relieved after being so terribly devastated. In my life, I cannot remember any time besides one when I was as sad as I was after Brynna was shot. For a second, as I grasped her hand, I thanked God that I had not lost her, and that I had not succumbed to the tree-beast venom before I could help her, and that I still had not.
A very fine point, Violet Mae. This room is sealed, but I am sure once we open the door, we will all be affected. Therefore, I will be leaving this room, because I am immune to airborne trebestia venom.
Why do you think youre immune? Savannah asked.
Because much of it is still coursing through me. 
God, if I never heard you talk in your weird way again James muttered, and after Brynna sat up again, she kissed him. Wait, what? Youre not going out there by yourself! People are out of their minds!
Brynna, youve just been shot. You need to rest. Even if Penny healed you, there is no way that it is medically sound for you to
Who is going to close the ash-circle? If you all keep breathing in the trebestia venom, you will become consumed by it, and if we are out there when you are consumed by it, I will have to drag you all back here to keep you safe. I do not know if you have heard, but I have had my fill of carting around people for whom I care deeply on my narrow shoulders, but as it would be a necessity in that instance, I would do it.
Ill take my chances. James said, standing up. Vi, Penny, stay right here. Stay away from Quinn, Nick, and Alice
whom I pray were locked up by Rachel and Joe, whom I pray then locked themselves in separate rooms. Brynna added, I need to go check. And you most certainly will not take your chances.
Wont I? James asked, challenging her already. After I just lost you and got you back completely by a crazy occurrence of Pangaean weirdness, you think I am going to let you go out there and face all of them on your own? When they are crying or being afraid, theyre not a threat to you, but what about when they switch to rage? You didnt see yourself, Brynna. I saw you, and you were ready to kill any one of us because we werent us to you.
And what about when you switch to rage, James? Or when you do, Savannah? What happens to me then?
Ive already said it. Ill take my chances.
As will I. Savannah replied.
And as a matter of fact, I think Ill take my chances, too. I stood up, crossed my arms over my chest, and pursed my lips.
It never ceases to terrify me. This seeing-double. James murmured.
Shut up, James. She said, Who will watch Penny if you go, Violet? Are we just to leave her here?
No! I dont want to be left here! Penny exclaimed, shaking her head rapidly back and forth and running forward to grasp Brynnas hand.
But Brynna! Why do you always side-line me!?
Side-line is not a verb, but for the purposes of this argument, we will pretend it is. I side-line you because I need you to look after Penny while I do my sacred dharma to these people. I know this sounds like a power trip, but it seems that no one is impervious to the venom unless they have been bitten or scratched before. I am the only one who can stop this before they all kill each other. I cannot do that if you three are trying to kill each other, or are lying on the ground wailing in grief or screaming in fear. I might not be very in touch with my emotions, but seeing any of you in pain would completely erase my ability to effectively find and eliminate this threat.
Soldier James barked at her in a very deep, very gruff voice, you are a brave one. But aint nobody wanna be a lone wolf. Aint nobody can survive bein a lone wolf.
I was covering my mouth, laughing hysterically, partially at his ridiculous act and how effectively it got his point across but also how simultaneously angry and amused she was. Savannah was turned away, laughing as hysterically as I was.
So you gotta keep your team. Your band of brothers is all you got! Now lets get our heads in this, and move out!
Move out! Savannah and I yelled.
What about Penny?! She exclaimed, gesturing abruptly in Pennys direction.
Oh, Christ, Ill stay with Penny. I snapped, But you better promise that next time, I get to go with you and fight the bad guys and save the world and all that. I was the one who read comic books. I should be the one who gets to act like a superhero.
Next time, you got it. James told me seriously, and Brynna scowled darkly at him. Shes glaring at me, isnt she?
Yup.
I can feel it. In the back of my head. It burns.
Ill bet it does. Its a nasty one. Like, really, really murderous.
Oh, I know. He kissed my forehead, Next time, kiddo.
Brynna hugged me tightly and then kissed Pennys forehead.
I love you. 
She patted my cheek and smiled slightly.
What? I asked, forgetting my irritation.
She looked at me for a long time, just smiling slightly. She shook her head and shrugged.
Nothing.
She turned and walked to James, who was standing in front of the door. 
Plug up this door after we leave, Vi. He told me, and then, the door was closed, and Penny and I were left alone.
And if next time it is the attack of Medusa-meets-Godzilla-meets-Jeffrey Dahmer, she should be allowed to fight? I heard her ask him huffily after the door was opened and closed quickly to ensure that minimal air came in.
I better get to fight in that! I shouted after her.
Not even in your dreams, Violet Mae!

Part III: This is the way the world ends.

Brynna

I did not leave until Violet told me that the room was secure, and even then, I waited to hear if either she or Penny began to succumb to the airborne trebestia venom. When I did not hear any screams of terror, shrieks of violent rage, or hysterical tears after several minutes, I led James and Savannah out into the hospitals eerily abandoned corridor. 
Alright. So, this is the plan: We need the guns from the jail, so we are heading there first.
But the jail is right in the middle of town! James protested in a voice nearly shrill with worry. Savannah and I whipped around, and he cleared his throat, holding his fist to his mouth hard. Sorry. Its nothing. Im fine. 
Are you? I asked, walking towards him slowly. His eyes were squeezing themselves as tightly shut as the muscles that held them would allow. My own eyes narrowed as my arms crossed over my chest. It is taking over you, James.
Its not! He bellowed at me, and the shout was loud enough to make Savannah, who had not been expecting it, startle. Dont you even start looking at me like that. Like Im some pathetic moron who doesnt know shit! I swear to God, that goddamn look! That condescending fucking look! Stop it!
You dont like this look? I asked him, and I gently took his arm, I am very sorry, baby. Come on. Lets go in here for a second. Savannah.
No, I love that look. Its my favorite look. He whined at me, Dont ever stop using that look.
Savannah opened the door I was leading James towards, and he allowed me to lead him inside. After I sat him down on the cot in the center of the room, and Savannah began to light the oil lamps, he reached out and grasped my face with both hands.
You cant do it. Not on your own. Dont leave me here, baby. I can fight through this, I swear. You cant go out there alone.
Luckily I will not be alone. I will be with Savannah, a woman you have been encouraging me to trust. Now, I am finally doing what you asked. This is a first, and you should take a moment to enjoy this momentous occasion before your trebestia venom-induced hysteria really begins to rattle your mind. I pulled one of the thick cuffs from under the bed and tightened it around one of his wrists. 
Brynna shes not going to be able to help you. Theyre coming. Dont you see that? Havent you seen it? Theyre coming. Him coming here it was all part of the plan. This this trebestia thing its part of it. They need to shake us up. Divide us and weaken us. And now they can come right in. And theyll kill you, Brynna. You know they will. Paul wont protect you. Its not just Adam theyre after. Not anymore. 
James, how do you
I finished locking his other wrist, and Savannah had already done his ankles. 
I almost lost you, sweetheart. His voice was crackling; despair would be the first long-lasting fit of what would be an hours-long sickness. Just now. I did lose you. You died right in my arms. And this time I wont be there if it happens.
Hey I whispered softly, soothingly, That was just a completely unexpected and uncommon fluke in the way things have always been. When have the lethal creatures that roam this land, human or otherwise, ever been able to get my heart to stop beating before tonight? And look, I am just fine. I will be coming back, James. I grasped his hand in both of mine, and he squeezed them both as a tear fell from the corner of his eye. Respectfully, Savannah turned away. 
I just want for you to be okay. Thats all Ive ever wanted. 
I leaned down and kissed him softly, my hands on his face, my thumbs gently stroking his stubble. 
I know. We are going to be alright, sweetheart. We have survived so much. This is just one more fight. I will be back before you know it.
Yeah. He nodded and kissed me, and I wiped his next tear away, Go on, you almost suicidally reckless, definitely badass, gloriously attractive defender of the human race.
The Empowered race now. You forgetwere not humans anymore. 
Yeah. His body tensed, and when his brown eyes met mine, I saw first a grimace of pain and then a metamorphosis; all the love for me and all the fear for my life disappeared as that deep earthly brown was replaced by red. 
Dont tell me what to do! Goddamn it, if you knew if you knew who I was If you knew where I come from, and what Im capable of! I killed him! Do you hear me!? Are you listening, bitch?! I killed him because he was weak! He started to laugh maniacally, his body bending at the waist and his chained hands still managing to slap his thigh as the laughter grew even more intense. She left, and he was a pathetic, useless, empty dog that needed to be His fingers formed a gun, and his thumb clicked once, then again, and again. After each click of his thumb he muttered, Bang. Bang. Bang. Then he was laughing again.
James, what are you
And you! You think I want to save you? You think I want to take you with me?!
Come on. Savannah was behind me, grasping my shoulder and pulling gently backwards. He doesnt know what hes saying.
Youre nothing! I would sooner take that woman, whatever-the-fuck-her-name-is, before I would take you!
Brynna, its not him. You know its not. Savannah whispered urgently. Come on. We have to figure out a way to stop this, and were not going to be able to do that unless we leave him. Come on.
Bang. Bang. Bang. He was weak. You think I want to save you? 
All of Jamess words were tossed powerfully through my mind like waves that were as large and devastating as the apocalyptic tsunami I had seen in my dream. All of my thoughts were flooded and drowned by the weight and power of all he had said. The trebestia venom besieged the brain, erasing the unfortunate victims ability to distinguish reality from painful memories of the past and nightmarish visions of the future, but it could not create the former. James had used past tense verbs to describe what he had done. She left, and he was a pathetic, useless, empty dog It was obvious that what he was describing had happened, and if that were true, then he had omitted many disturbing details of his life after saying that he had told me all there was to know about him. Naively, I had believed that he had shared with me all his darkness. 
Oh, you are so in for it, as they say, when you come out of this, James Maxwell. I whispered, and my trembling hand came up to stroke his stubble when he began to cry. 
All I ever wanted was to do right by you I waited so long for you When his eyes met mine, I saw that he was lucid; he had returned to me, however briefly. Thats the man I am without you. Without Penny. Without Violet, and Quinn, and Alice. Without our family. You know that. You knew that all along. That I was not who I said. Didnt you know that, Brynn?
James, I knew that you had your issues, but
I paid a price for what I did. I paid for it. I did, Brynna. And Im sorry. Im sorry for all of it. If I had known that you were for sure that you were real I would have been better. I would have. Tears were pouring from his eyes, and I was wiping them away, not only hearing his thoughts, which were only regrets and apologies, but feeling a deep, disfiguring pain that scarred him through all the tissue and bone in his body to his soul. He had kept it hidden from me, that pain. That fear of himself. That loathing. 
Im so sorry. Please dont leave. Im so sorry. Im so sorry. Brynna Brynna
I sat up so quickly that he flinched, and behind me, Savannah, who was watching with concern and only mild impatience, God or Gods bless her, jumped, too. My lips were on his before he could say another word. 
You are talking like an utter lunatic, though I know that most of what you have said is true, and all that you have alluded to is a secret that you have kept from me. But none of that matters right now. Okay? None of it. I have to go, but I will be back soon.
He nodded, and I wiped his tears away, watching him tense up again as the next painful emotion took hold of him.
I love you. I kissed him, I love you. I kissed him again, I love you. And I will be back soon.
His eyes were distant when I looked back at them, and he was fighting off moans of discomfort. 
Alright. Let us get this over with as quickly as possible and with as little bodily harm endured as can be managed. I told Savannah, though my words came out more slowly than usual and with significantly less of my usual adrenaline-fueled, danger-loving pep. 
Are you okay? She asked, as I closed the door to Jamess room just as he began to shout in terror. I turned the key to lock him securely inside, marveling for a moment at the irony of it; my father had locked my mother in her room when her fits became too uncontrollable for him to handle and too embarrassing to stomach. The same way that James was screaming then, my mother would scream behind that barred bedroom door. It was ironic because my father and I, so hateful of one anothers differences and the darkness we each perceived in one another, were sharing an identical moment of spousal preservation. I almost laughed.
I am fine, Savannah. If I were not, you would be the last to know.
Ha-ha, very funny. 
Was I being funny? I asked as we walked briskly up the hallway, away from the sounds of Jamess wails. 
We reached the hallway just as the door came flying inwards off the hinges. Our timing could not have been more perfect; it is far easier to defeat an opponent when the surprise of his arrival has come and gone quickly. Plus, seeing the exact identity of ones attacker, or at the very least, assessing them for both physical strengths and weaknesses, plays a crucial role in ending a fight victoriously. 
This attacker was the worst imaginable. Adam, covered from head to toe in the blood of his unfortunate victims, grasped both sides of the door frame and pulled himself inside, snorting heavily through his nose and glaring fierily into my eyes. Once he was inside the infirmary, I realized that though the space was small, and he was much larger than me, and therefore capable of wielding great power with his fists, I was a quicker and more precise fighter. Besides all of that, he was mad with the spell that had come over our humble village; that spell weakened his fighting prowess even more severely. However, his intoxication on the trebestia venom did not stop him from trying to finish what he had started in the village square. Swinging his huge, muscular arms wildly in my direction, he bellowed deafeningly in frustration after I had dodged the umpteenth hit he had tried to land. In my deflection and dodging of his blows, I still managed to swipe my arm back to hold Savannah against the wall when she went to rush to my aid. 
You will pay for what you have done! Your betrayal will not go unpunished, you traitorous whore!
Your gullibility will not go unridiculed, you hot-headed man-child! 
Savannah actually laughed. My sarcastic retort enraged him even further, a feat that I did not think was possible, but before he could begin randomly swinging his fists again, I kicked my foot up high, nailing him right in the chest and sending him stumbling backwards several steps through the doorway into the infirmarys hallway. Before he could recover his balance, I ran forward, jumped up, grabbed the top of the door-frame, swung myself forward, and kicked him in the chest again, this time with both feet. When that did not knock him down, I quickly swung my legs up to wrap them around his neck, before letting go of the door-frame to swing my body backwards and downwards. My body flipped all the way around, my legs still latched around his neck, and the weight and force of my body spinning brought him forward to crash face-first into the ground. Before he hit the ground, though, I unfurled my legs from around his neck and landed on my feet. Immediately, I was on his back, pinning both his arms behind him, rocking back and forth as he struggled to get back up from beneath me. I could not help but chuckle to myself; it was hilariously similar to riding a mechanical bull. 
I would be willing to bet all the crops in my pantry that you really thought you would win that fight. Didnt you, Adam? I asked, and my arrogance was undeniable.
He roared in utter rage, and the windowpanes rattled ominously at the sound.
Liar! He bellowed, You are a black-hearted, treacherous liar! The One God will damn you! You will suffer! I will make you suffer! 
Help me get him up. I told Savannah, who hesitated for a moment, her eyes wide with fear. Savannah, I am not going to leave him out here so he can break down the doors and find James, Violet, Penny, and your kids. Come on. I have him. He will not break free.
Is that what you think? You think you are stronger than me! How very stupid you are! How foolishly self-assured! You will see that you are wrong! I will let you see that you are wrong, and loathe yourself for your mistake, and then I will rip your black heart from your chest! You will feel your loathing and recognize your stupidity as your brain continues to live! Do you hear me?
Your voice is very loud, Adam. Positively thunderous. Of course I hear you. 
We hoisted him up, and he fought, lunging forward to bite me. First, I moved my face away, but when his fangs grazed my neck, I remembered briefly a show I had watched on sharks, or more specifically, on defensive mechanisms against sharks. Letting go of him with just one hand, I reached out abruptly and punched him hard in the nose. He stumbled backwards into Savannah, who nearly collapsed under his weight. Blood poured from his nostrils, finding no more white cloth to stain with its harsh color when it dribbled down his neck onto his already thoroughly blood-soaked shirt.
His nose was broken, and believe it or not, I felt a slight pang of guilt. Despite the fact that he had been holding the gun that shot me (I could not be sure if I had pulled the trigger or he had), I knew, however begrudgingly, that he had not been himself when he had been threatening me with it. Someone had broken the ash-circle, and the rage he already felt towards me was multiplied one hundred-fold. I hurriedly whispered an apology to him as Savannah and I laid him down on one of the cots.
The harsh blow to his face seemed to be what was needed to click his brain over from anger to grief, because his eyes turned back to the usual green, except that they were now much darker.
My sweet Brynna... Adam whispered, and the sight of tears in his eyes gave me pause. My beautiful Brynna... How I have wronged you... How I have hurt you... I want to die for it! Tears began to slide from his eyes as I flipped him onto his back and clapped the iron cuffs, as thick as cowhide, around his wrists. I deserve a painful death for what I have done. There have been so many things. So many things that I have done, so many evils committed. Such darkness in me. Such terrible darkness. Evil... Pure evil. And yet, I am alive. The one God has not cast me into the darkest pits of realms we do not know, where evil men are twisted and ripped and gorged and impaled on their foul deeds...
Cool it with the poetic monologue, Othello. After ripping a piece of the sheet beneath him off, I held it to his nose tightly, trying to stop the bleeding. Every few seconds, he choked because the blood was flowing down the back of his throat.
Here. Savannah handed me a cloth soaked in some sweet-smelling liquid.
What is it? I asked her.
It coagulates blood. Stops bleeding. She told me, and when I looked at her quizzically, she explained quickly, Ellie gets nosebleeds a lot, and Dr. Miletus told me how to make that mixture.
I held the cloth to Adams nose, and sure enough, the bleeding stopped immediately.
I have killed innocents. Shot them. Killed them. All because I suspected you... Because you struck that deal with them... And I am so angry... I cannot believe that you would do such a thing, but you have... I cannot believe that you would keep such a thing from me. But I understand. I know how the thought of her pains you still.
I will not discuss this with you now. Not when I have this colossal mess to clean up. This insurmountable mess.
It is not insurmountable. Nothing is insurmountable for you. Nothing, Brynna. You know that.
The Old Spirits are coming. I can see it. The ones that they had buried in our camp broke the circle, and we will not know who they are. I do not know how many Old Spirits are coming, but I know that we do not have a lot of time to stop them. If we do not
many will die. Wont they? My people. Your people. They will die.
No. It will be worse than that, Adam. I whispered, as the Sight took over me; it erased him completely as it sent me plunging into its depths. The Old Spirits would come, but they would not kill us outright. Dissenters would be sent to the Lapsarian to die, surely, but amongst them, I saw not myself or James or Don or even Adam and Janna. I saw a select few people I recognized by face but not by name. We all would abandon our principles, but that is not what was worse than death. What was worse was the arrangement of marriages, the selling off of our men and women to an Old Spirit who could bid the highest. Slavery. Was that not always the prize in ancient wars? 
I will not give you details now, though you do deserve to be tormented for what you have done, you are right about that. However, now is not the time.
The ash-circle being broken It is a diversion. You know that it is.
Of course I know. Paul told me that his arrival here was just the very first in a long line of events. It was the catalyst that set the other events into motion. The ash-circle being broken is meant to divide us, weaken us, leave us open to easy siege and later occupation. I know that from reading the minds of the many who are coming our way as we speak. Rich Bachum and my father are amongst them, as is
I stopped, narrowing my eyes to shut out the suddenly very bright light. Whenever I was reading into future events or peeking into someones mind, the lights became too bright to bear. I closed my eyes, allowing my mind to become colored by the harsh yellow of their torches against the sleeping trees in the steadily darkening forest. Only ten of them. They were being led by a man who lived three down from me; surely his close proximity to my house suggested that he had been told to keep an eye on me. No matter, all he had seen was my humdrum daily routine and the many hiccups in mine and Jamess relationship, nothing more. The other spies they had sent were still amongst us, immune somehow. Rich, my father, and all his minions were immune, but only to the airborne toxin, I knew. The trebestia were focusing all the invisible venom in our direction as they prepared to enter our camp. As soon as the light disappeared, they would converge on us, and then, we would all be dead. That much I knew from Sight, not from guessing. 
Adam, I have to go. We are running out of daylight.
The Old Spirits will come by day. The trebestia will come by night. You must let me up so I can close the circle. I am King. I must protect my people. They rely on me now to save them.
No, Your Majesty, I said sarcastically, I must protect them. They are relying on me to save them. You will stay here. You are not in control of yourself, and besides that, the Old Spirits will be looking for you especially.
And Janna my Janna 
I rolled my eyes skyward, so disgusted by the sound of her name, I am surprised I did not immediately storm out of the room with a contemptuous, indecipherable exclamation of randomly strung vowels upon hearing it spoken out loud.
Yes. Helen of Shadow-Forest will be sought after as well.
Fetch her for me. Please, wont you fetch her for me, Brynna? I do not want harm to befall Janna, despite all the strife between us.
Sorry, Adam, but I have bigger fish to fry, as they say. If she comes thrashing and screaming by me, I will send her to you promptly. In the meantime, there are approximately fifteen thousand nine hundred and twenty seven people whose lives I would rather save. Your eyes are beginning to turn red, and that means the rage is beginning to take over you. So I should go. Try to keep it down. I am blowing the flames out before I go so they think that this place is abandoned, but with you, James, Quinn, Alice, and my friends screaming here, they may still come a-knocking.
I closed the door before he could reply and walked into the hallway, already addressing Savannah, telling her that I was finally ready. Except she was gone. 
Savannah? I said, looking up and down the hallway. As I walked towards the entrance lobby, I blew the torches out, feeling the darkness that followed their extinguishment encase me tightly, squeezing the air from my lungs. It held the torment of all that would come, that darkness. Wherever it touched, it spread all the misery the trebestia so cruelly bestowed on the world. I had spent far too much time with James and Adam. I had spent too much time protecting everyone I loved, but I was not sorry; before I could run headfirst into danger, I had to know that I had done everything in my power to keep them from harm. Even Adam. 
In the vision of Rich, my father, and their gang of lackies, I had seen a slight figure being dragged by the arm. She was resisting, screaming and cursing them under the black bag they had thrown over her head. The sound was muffled, and when the image of them froze and went into a three-dimensional, panoramic view, I saw that her hands were tied behind her back. She was wearing gloves, despite the lack of a real chill in the evening, but then, she had come from the north. One of the lackeys was dragging her along, shouting at her to keep up.
This was my mother. Maybe.
Savannah? I called again, feeling my heart race at the thought of seeing my mother alive again. I was not happy about the idea. I would surely not shed tears of joy, nor would I shed tears of sorrowful guilt for what I had done to her. I would simply rescue her from those terrible men, free her, and return her to Violet and Eli, who missed her terribly. I sincerely doubted that I would even hug her. 
The distinctive sound of a large gun firing a surely life-stealing blast startled me out of those thoughts, and I had barreled through the door at the end of the hallway before my mind had even processed that I was running at superhuman speed. 
Oh, God She breathed. Savannah dropped to her knees, the shotgun still held in her violently trembling hands. A man was on the floor, twitching and sputtering, spewing blood from his mouth. His hands were covering his chest, and blood poured over them, over his wrists and down his arms.
Clear a saw her! He shouted, and his eyes were as red as the blood pouring from him.
What? I asked.
Oh, God Savannah whispered again, this time a little bit louder. She took a breath that lodged in her throat, and I looked back to see her bottom lip begin to tremble a little more quickly than the rest of her. Her eyes flooded with tears, and I immediately looked away. Brynna
What did you say? I asked the man again, feeling that familiar nudge in my chest, urging me to learn all that could be learned. It was an instinct as vital to my survival as my fighting prowess. It was a part of my psychic powers, I knew. My mind would rage if it did not learn important, life-preserving information. 
Clear ahh sawler! He shouted.
He lived on our street. Do you remember him?
In the moment, I did not. But then, I did not converse with everyone on my street, and one man, I had been told, was a complete shut-in. A Pangaean widower who hated everyone. I had always told Penny to stay away from his house, certainly, as I figured if he was shut-in, he might possibly be a serial killer. Looking at him as he died, I realized perhaps it was unfair to have judged him that way, but I did not apologize, either out loud or in my mind. 
Clear-a
I dont know what youre saying! I shouted at him. I cant hear him! I shouted at Savannah, because while he was sputtering from blood loss and as a result of his steadily increasing proximity to death, she was sputtering because she was breaking down into hysterical sobs. 
I shot him. Brynna! I shot him! She cried, reaching out and grabbing onto me with both hands. I turned back to her when the man stopped moving. He was going to kill me! Im so sorry! Brynna! Im so sorry!
Why are you apologizing to me? I did not know him! I told her, but perhaps by their own compassionate will, my hands were gently rubbing her arms. Savannah, I know its hard. Alright? I do know. The first one is always the hardest. There are many questions steeped in philosophy and religion running through your head regarding the taking of a human life. It must be especially hard for you, being a woman of medicine, even if it is only mental health. Either way, you did swear a Hippocratic Oath, and that is I stopped and shook my head rapidly. Whoa, my adrenaline is going. I need you to forget about this. Forget about him. Let go of your regrets regarding this situation I beckoned at the man with an erratically-moving circular hand gesture, and get on this level. We have to save our people. We are the only ones left. You and me, Savannah Mack. Against all the evil in our world.
I rested my hands on both sides of her face and forced my steely gaze to bore into her watery one.
I will pat your head awkwardly as you cry later if you need me to. For me to say that is extremely difficult, as you are aware. Right now, I need you to put it aside, and come with me. 
Suddenly, my desire to break away from her, to disengage from one whose emotional display showed great weakness, disintegrated, and it was just Savannah, the woman who had deciphered all the complex pains of my life and helped me understand and overcome them, however much she I could. It was just her and me.
I need you. 
The words fell from my mouth just as a random swelling of love for her seized my heart almost violently. 
I cant do this without you.
Okay. She nodded, wiping at her eyes before resting her hands over mine. I wouldnt want you to do this by yourself. Id be worried sick. She told me with a nervous laugh.
Alright, then. Let us go. I stood up. But just for your information, I was not referring to just this situation.
She was silent for a moment, and I could feel her eyes watching me as I walked away. 
Well, did you not hear me say let us go? I will say it again. Let us go, Savannah!
She laughed, this time more steadily, and walked forward to grasp my hand.
What you just said
Yes. Can we drop it? I do not like to admit things like that out loud. The Gods hear my vulnerability and take the next moment to strike. So, let us drop it, as they say.
We were outside in the night air.
I wont let you down. Not like she did. You know that, dont you?
I looked at her, contemplating her question. I studied her face, her eyes, searching for any sign of dishonesty; I saw nothing, not even a slight falter, in her sincerity. My heart expanded; I realized that she was not lying. Her mind and her heart were true. It boggled me, that she would be willing to take on the burden of me knowing all that she knew about my difficult past and even more difficult personality.
I nodded. That is how I told her that I knew, and I did know. 
If the worst happens, I want you to know that you have my love.
Whoa I said, and an actual shudder passed through me. That is a very heavy Pangaean phrase, one that shows very deep, unconditional, unbreakable love, you know. Or did you mean it in the Earthean way, where it is just an expression?
She frowned at me.
Well, just so you are aware, it is believed that if one lies when he or she says that, they will be forever cursed with terrible misfortune
Well She pushed my hair back from my face and then stroked my cheek. Good thing Im not lying, then. Right? Now, come on. Let us go, as you like to say.
I followed after her when she walked ahead of me, shocked by the feeling inside of me. It was warm, soft, and all-encompassing. It was the recognition and reception of maternal affection. I had not experienced that feeling in thirteen years. At first, the spread of warmth through my body felt rather sickening, but then, a smile tugged at the corners of my mouth, and I was covering it with my hand and biting my lip. After that, once again before I could even realize I had done it, I had run forward and squeezed her hand in both of mine for just one half-second. I said words to her that would have seemed utterly inconceivable to me mere months earlier, when she had first fallen into my life. 
And you have mine. Alright?
She smiled and gently pecked my forehead. That feeling of love expanded even further inside of me.
Alright. 
***

How many Old Spirits are out there? Savannah asked me as we jogged towards the perimeter of the village. Can you tell?
Of course I can. There are very few of them. They were expecting this to be easy. They did not bring many of their people, but there are camps nearby. Camps guarded by ash circles, too. 
Someone's thoughts were very loud. This old man could not wait to return to those camps because he would be greeted by his very young wife. She thought of him as an extension of God's hand on Earth, and she would be more than willing to engage with him in the triumphant intercourse one can only have after victory.
Bleh... I murmured out loud, sticking my tongue out all the way and actually shivering. And I thought I liked them old...
What? Savannah asked, and I shook my head.
Never mind. So, you are a sufficient markswomen, then? I asked her as we ran. I had grabbed a large scalpel almost unconsciously on my way out of the infirmary. She was still carrying the shotgun she had found hidden beneath Dr. Miletuss receptionists desk. When Savannah and I sprinted out in the eerily quiet, empty village, I looked back to see her pulling her very long, dark hair into a high ponytail. Something about that assured me that she was well aware of the need for violence, if the situation called for it. Not only was she aware of the necessity, she was ready to act on it.
Im sufficient. Yes.
And you will be able to keep your emotions in check? I know that these times are difficult, and I fully appreciate that to one who has spent most of her time on Pangaea in exile in a cave, this war and the battles that take place are frightening, but...
I was a psychiatrist, Brynna. Emotions are what I do, and keeping them in check is just an extension of that. Now, are we going to talk and argue and debate, or are we going to go? She raised her perfectly shaped eyebrows and blinked her dark rimmed eyes at me in what appeared to be slight amusement at my argumentative streak. The rock charcoal mascara and eyeliner that one of the Pangaean women had invented long ago had dripped down her face slightly, but it gave her the look of a warrior, not of a grieving widow. Not only was there fierceness in her eyes, but there was also an almost taunting understanding of why I was suddenly questioning her. It had only been several minutes since our emotionally revelatory moment, and already, I was trying to draw back and re-assemble what remained of that wall between us.
I murmured that I was sorry.
What, honey? She asked, and she really had not heard me.
Apology. I murmured quickly.
Accepted. She replied, mimicking the quickness with which I had spoken.
Where did you learn to shoot? I asked, just to diffuse the awkwardness.
My husband and I used to go to the shooting range a lot.
Did you squeeze it in after your eighteen holes and before your sunset cocktails on the veranda of the country home? You are such a yuppie!
She laughed half hysterically at that, her fangs glinting in the dying sunlight. 
Shut up. Smartass.
If I do not call it as I see it, Savannah, I would no longer be Brynna Olivier.
I know. We were yuppies.
That is alright. Obviously you know my mother and father were. My father actually wore his pastel-colored sweaters tied around his neck.
She laughed even harder.
Oh, I am going to use that as ammunition tonight when we see him. Oh, hello, Daniel. Arent you chilly? Where is your sweater?
He might be wearing one, for all we know. Violet told me that he was when she saw him.
Oh, Lord! Well, at least Ronnie never did that.
There are many subtle levels of yuppie-dom. Do you see anything yet?
No. No break yet.
We are going to have to speed this up. We only have thirty minutes, approximately, before the sun goes down.
Alright. I havent run really fast yet, anyway.
You have not experienced your ability to run at superhuman speed yet? God, why did you not tell me that? Lets go.
We took off, our eyes enhanced with our superhumanly sharp vision still able to see the circle perfectly as we sped past. Even with our amazing speed, it still took thirty minutes to run the complete perimeter. Sure enough, our break was just behind a cluster of homes where several of our people from Earth dwelt. Savannah checked the houses for any signs of those people, who more than likely were the perpetrators of this sneak attack, while I hurriedly ran into the forest and found the flare tree. I broke off three branches, careful not to touch them together because they would ignite in my hands. Because it was a custom of Pangaean people (and of me long before that, as I have always been such a diehard naturalistic pantheist) I hurriedly thanked the tree for its branches, even explaining that the contribution of part of its body would save our lives. Then, I ran back just as quickly as I had come and struck them together, letting them burn until they turned to ash. That ash did not blow away in the suddenly very alive wind; instead, it filled the space, merging the circle back together.
Such a small break, such an easy fix I told Savannah when she returned, and yet such a huge disaster if we had failed.
Such a huge disaster already. She corrected me as we stared off into the trees.
True. But at least we have successfully stopped a further, far more tragic disaster. And look, we were just in time.
The sun had dipped below the horizon far from us. The glowing blue of twilight was fading. When the darkness settled, and the moon was enshrouded in a tomb of clouds, the shrieks of the trebestia reached us, ear-splitting, hair-raising, soul-stealing. It was not one of merely defeat; in that sound, I heard the rage of an army thwarted when they had thought victory was certain, but I also heard a promise to return. The sound intoxicated me, appealing to the animal and the warrior inside of me. I almost wanted to walk forward, even though I was terrified of those hellish creatures
Come on. Savannah broke from her own daze and pulled me back forcefully so I would stop looking into the darkness. 
They are calling us. I said, They dont want this to be a complete loss.
I know. We beat them, Brynna. Now, all we have to do is beat the Old Spirits, but maybe if were lucky, the tree-people will beat them for us.
No. We have to meet them. They are close, but still a mile or so away. We have time to get everyone put safely back in their houses. Listen
We both strained our ears to hear. We were far from the village square, where all the carnage had unfolded. But if we switched our ears over, we could hear them all there; we could their roars, screeches, cries, and screams. Some were screams of pain. Others were screams cut off suddenly by a gurgle or gasps. Our peoplePangaean and Earthean, alikewere killing each other still. If we did not stop them, there would be none of us left.
How will we stop them, Brynna? She asked me softly. Theyre completely out of their minds. But Her eyes filled with hope. We did just close the circle. Maybe theyll be cured now!
No. It takes a long time for the venom to leave the body. We are going to have to improvise. Come on!
All around us in the trees, the trebestia were screeching. She jumped, and I whipped backwards, hearing their thoughts spoken in their language, which was older and more intricate than even Adams. I could not help but fight the smile that formed on my face, not just at their thoughts of enraged disappointment but at the fact that I could understand them at all. 
Well, we have made more enemies, it seems. But it seems also that they might be working in our favor, though they do not know it. They can sense others in the woods, and those others are our first enemies.
The Old Spirits?
Who else, Savannah?
I know. So, the trebestia are going after them now? They dont stand a chance out there.
Well, they have God on their side, dont they? I said with an apathetic shrug, I am sure their prayers in the face of death will lead to some divine intervention. Either that, or they will not. No matter. We have our own people to worry about.
I hurried away, but she hovered back for a moment, staring into the trees. I knew that not by looking back at her, but by allowing myself a moment to peek into her mind. Her thoughts did not flood into my brain, but instead, I could see through her eyes, and I saw only that boundless darkness in the trees that were swaying in a bitter wind. 
There is no use worrying about them. I said to her over my shoulder, They would not show us any mercy if they came across us right now, so we should not worry ourselves over them. Rather, you should not worry yourself. I do not worry about them at all.
But if they have your mother, Brynna? She asked, turning to me. Her tone was a little harsher than I would have expected. Then you would care? If they really do have her, the trebestia are going to kill her, too, you know.
So, what do you suggest, then? I asked, and her slight harshness was met by a full blast of my typical coldness. Should we run out there, where they will surely be waiting for us? Should I allow myself to run headfirst into a dangerous situation on her behalf, even though I am completely unconvinced that she is even with them? Even though I am completely unconvinced that she is alive?
Youre not unconvinced! She exclaimed, and I found myself wondering very strongly from where her inconveniently timed and very annoying emotional outburst was coming. I had grown used to the composed Savannah, whose ability to solve any problem, emotional or otherwise, was coupled with not only great calm but kindness. And that, as it turns out, was where we were losing our common footing in that moment. My focus was trained on my people and getting them out of harms way with enough time to spare to parlay with the Old Spirits out in the woods. I had not figured out how to do that without being attacked by the trebestia, but I was working on it meticulously, considering every pitfall and peril we could possibly encounter once we ventured over the circle. Her focus was all over the place, if her thoughts, which finally did flood my mind when I poked into hers, were to be believed; she was worried about her children, about our people, about our lives, all while feeling guilty about the man she had killed and most disturbingly, fretting over whether some of her friends who had remained with the Old Spirits were in the party coming towards us in the woods.
Why would you care about them? I murmured, more to myself than to her.
What? She asked, and for a moment, I thought I saw her fingers tighten around the gun, but after I blinked, I understood that my suspicious thoughts and the darkness led me to hallucinate the movement.
If you want to go after those people, your friends I practically spat the word at her, then go. You clearly have your people. I have mine.
Brynna! She leapt forward and grasped my wrist. Theyre not all bad. Her hands were on my face, and her tone was desperate, beseeching, Theyre not. Some of them
All of them stood by and allowed you to be exiled, Savannah! My voice was rising, All of them allowed Tyre and the Bachums to send you, your children, and your husband out onto the mountain, along with countless others. Most of those unfortunate people are probably dead now. Do you understand that?
Of course I do! She exclaimed, and tears brimmed in her eyes. I looked away when they began to fall, feeling the sight of those tangible signs of her weakness, those stupid tears, burning into my memory. How can you ask me that, Brynna?! Of course I know that what they did killed people! But I cant completely disavow them! I cant! My husband died up there. He died in my arms, in the middle of the night. Her tears became evident in her voice, which rose and fell in quivering waves. I could not look at her. He was so cold, because he had given Ellie his coat and Oliver his undershirt. I told him we would exchange, with the kids having some of my clothes for a little while and then some of his, but he wouldnt even hear of it. So I thought to myself that once he fell asleep, I would take off my coat and wrap him in it. He was shivering so badly, and I was trying to rub his arms to warm him up, and I thought that I had warmed him a little bit, because he stopped breathing so heavily. So I covered him up, but then I saw that he wasnt breathing at all. And I couldnt even check his pulse. I just I didnt want to be the first to know. I couldnt grieve for him and survive, and if I knew for sure, it would destroy me. I would be no good to my children, who needed me. I hate them for what they did, Brynna! But I know that theyre not all bad, and you know it, too! My husband is dead! Maura is dead! And its because of them! But we arent perfect, either. There are bad people among us
Our worst is not as evil as the best of them
So Don is not as bad as Rich Bachum? Or Paul?! What Don did to me isnt the same thing as what they all did to Maura?!
Do not say her name! I screamed at her, and I knew that it was not her saying Mauras name that had elicited such a violent outburst from me, but the allusion to the terrible things that had been done to her.
Brynna
No! I shouted, and my rage was rising dangerously. You have your sob story? You have the loss of one of your loved ones as evidence of their cruelty? That is great for you, Savannah, but your continued sympathy for those people renders that little emotional tale of woe completely moot! I am well aware that they are not all bad! I have advocated for a long time our sparing of those who are not dedicated to their utterly insane cause! But those men out there in the woods, they are not in that category. Not even close! And you know that! I can see in your mind that you know that! So, why are you sympathizing with them, Savannah?! After that story you just told me, how can you possibly have any sympathy whatsoever for Tyre and Rich Bachum and those pathetic little men who follow him around and do his bidding?!
She was silent, except for her rather sickeningly intense sobs.
Your mind is hard to read, and I suppose that is why you are such a good therapist. I cannot get into your head without exerting strength that I need. But if I could, Savannah I almost smiled, I do not think I would like what I found, would I?
Brynna She asked, her eyes meeting mine, What are you talking about?
They put you here, didnt they?
Her reaction was immediate. Her eyes widened, and her breaths hitched in her throat. Tears began to fall even more rapidly, but she was not sobbing outright anymore. Her mind bombarded mine with desperate proclamations of her innocence, and I knew that she was not lying. Before she had even spoken a word, I grasped her hand, and she was crying hard again. 
You know its not true. She whispered to me, both of her hands clasped around mine now. You know its not, Brynna. How can you say that? You know its not true.
We will discuss this later. I said brusquely, to avoid the apology. I need you to pull it together now, Savannah. When all of this is over, you can cry for as long as is necessary for you. But until then, I need you to focus.
She nodded and wiped at her eyes. We continued on to the village square in silence, her a few feet behind me, sniffling still but not crying anymore, and me walking ahead, feeling the adrenaline beginning to pulse through me with sonic strength. The adrenaline always led to racing thoughts, and sometimes those thoughts were utterly paranoid ones.
And my paranoid, racing mind could not help thinking how ironic it would be, after I had taken her in, argued for her place amongst us, and trusted her with some of my secrets, if she put a bullet in my back.
***

Let us squash it, as Violet says. I told her randomly, as we stood on the outskirts of the town square, getting ready to push back the leaves of the various trees that were blocking the square from our sight. We could hear the screams of those killing or of those dying. We could hear the sound of teeth crunching bone and nails slashing through all layers of skin. We could even hear the blood droplets hitting the ground. 
Savannah looked at me and nodded.
Im sorry. She told me.
No. I shook my head back and forth, avoiding her eyes. I am that. Also. 
Aww She smiled and cupped my chin in her hand lightly. Thats beautiful, Brynna.
A laugh escaped me, and I realized how wrong I was to have suspected her. I was just tense and high on adrenaline. At first, we had been pulled together by the life-threatening danger of our mission, but then, just as quickly, that danger had begun to tear us apart. Now, we were rebuilding that unity, and it would last this time.
Do you think you will be able to cover me from here? There is an empty stand right in front of us that you can duck behind if one of them attacks me. But only shoot if it really looks like they are going to swarm me. Alright?
What are you talking about? Im going in with you.
No. I replied simply.
Thats what you think.
Savannah
Im sorry, are we going to talk and argue again, or are we going to handle this? By the sounds of them, there are not going to be many of our people left very soon.
I pushed the leaves back slightly, so we would not be detected. The sight even made me gasp. 
The dead bodies were innumerable. Our people were feeling the rage, sadness, and fear in waves, and whichever one of those three deadly emotions took precedence was felt by all of them at once. So, since rage was the phase being experienced now, they were all behaving savagely.
Our infected people were not eating the dead, or at least, I hoped they were not, but they were certainly ripping into their skin and tearing out most of their organs. I was reminded of those zombie films and shows I had devoured (no pun intended) when I was a little younger. I knew it was silly, but I found myself wondering whether these infected people would shamble towards me, growling and snarling, easily dispatched individually but terribly dangerous in a group, or if they would charge me with deadly speed, screeching and roaring.
When I walked out from behind the tree, I became aware of two things: One, the latter of those two options was correct, and two, that several children, including a few of Pennys friends, were up on top of one of the buildings, huddled together and crying, as several of the infected tried to climb up the ladder to get them. Some of the kids were screaming, and the sound cut right through to my core; I could not help but picture Penny in the same peril clearly, and the sight of it pained me. 
At least twenty of them became aware of my presence and stormed towards me immediately, just as I had suspected they would. All were screeching, their arms reaching out towards me, their eyes wide and murderous. Strips of bloody skin and pieces of shredded organs hung from their mouths, and for just one half-second, I panicked. Then, the fear evaporated, and I was shouting back at Savannah to fire the gun into the air. 
The sound left my ears ringing, but it accomplished what I had needed it to accomplish: I now had the attention of every rabid, cannibalistic, infected person in the city square. I could hear in their minds their will to not injure but kill, and not to just kill, but to kill violently, with no mercy and by inflicting terrible pain. Like mindless beasts agitated by loud, sudden sounds, they looked for the source of the shot, ready to attack the person who had so cruelly interrupted their feasting rage.
Reaching out a hand, I closed my eyes and focused on a calm image, something that I had seen a long time ago. I remembered standing on a beach with Maura, Elijah, and Violet, who was still so small that Maura had been carrying her in a sarong that was lashed across her chest. The feeling of peace I felt so strongly at seeing that insignificant little memory from so many years earlier filled me up with a serene light, and that light sent a gentle cascade of warmth from my head, down my neck, and through my outstretched hand. The heaving breaths, the growls, the sound of gritting teeth, and the lustful violence in the air soothed in perfect slowness. The ones lying rose so they were sitting or kneeling, their eyes trained on me still and alight with soft dullness and peace. Their fear and sadness were erased.
At least two hundred people. In the fading afternoon light, I watched as at least two hundred people mercifully obeyed my plea for calm. The ones who were standing fell to their knees. The ones who were lying rose up to sit and look in my direction. The silence left in the place of the chaotic noise did not jar me, for once. Instead, it brought a heaviness to my eyes and a sudden calm to my heart. The whole world, it seemed, had fallen silent, and in its silence, I feared nothing. I grieved nothing. I was angry about nothing. If I felt none of it, then they did not, either. It had taken effort, certainly, but not nearly as much as I had feared it would; only moments earlier, I had been so unsure of whether or not I would even be able to control their minds and calm them, and now, I saw that it had taken very little of my strength to do it. My power was stronger than I ever could have imagined. 
My stars... I murmured, because what else could I say?
So that was why it was so powerful. I looked out at the countless bodies all slumped over, so blissfully calm after such chaos, and understood why Adam valued my power so much. This was merely one part of it; in fact, it was only a tiny fraction. This was only the beginning.
When I lowered my hand, Savannah held onto it in both of hers. I looked to see that she looked as completely dumbfounded as I felt. Her mouth was agape, her eyes were widened slightly, and the gun was hanging from her slack grip in the hand that was not holding my own.
Go home. I said, my voice trembling slightly. Lock your doors and hide. Do not come out and do not let anyone in. I told them firmly but not cruelly. They all rose, and slowly, in unison, dispersed in different directions, heading toward their homes.
Several of the children were emerging, approaching us. Their terrified minds screamed, but they trusted Savannah and me. I felt the small arms of Tajal and Maribel, Pennys friends, around my waist, and I wrapped my arms around their trembling shoulders. Two more children held onto me, and several were holding onto Savannah. For a good long while, we embraced those poor, frightened, little souls and stared at the carnage before us. I closed my eyes and sent a gentle whisper through the children's minds, telling them to close their eyes in that motherly way I whispered to Penny when she was afraid and having trouble sleeping, and they all did.
We have to take them away. Savannah told me. We need to get them somewhere safe.
Yes. I answered. The smallest one, a tiny girl just newly turned one, it seemed, was sitting in the dirt at my feet where she had only just fallen after crawling there. Her tiny hands reached up to me, and without hesitation, I reached down and scooped her up, and together, Savannah and I led this frightened group away. Together, we deposited them in a house and alone, I remembered my innocence being stolen by an evil man. It had been in a different way, of course; I was fortunate enough to never witness murder, but nevertheless, my youthful light had been snuffed out by him. Turning back to see the tear-stained faces of those many children, I used the last of my strength to wield my power again. With my eyes open, I pictured a blank slate. I reached out to them and watched their eyes take on a dull, drunken quality. In one moment, I brought back their innocent ignorance. So exhausted from it all, the whole day, the whole saga, I used what was left of my strength to summon back their blindness to the evil I had seen so young, as well. That is making it sound more glorious perhaps than it was. I suppose, if I put it simply, it was a modest and not so impressive feat.
I only made them forget.
That was... That was... Savannah was saying, and I could see her shaking severely. Oh, my God... Brynna, that was...
I know. I said emotionlessly, I know.
***

We were running towards the spot in our village from which I was picking up the thoughts of the Old Spirits. As we ran, we passed other infected people who were lying in the dirt, moaning. All around the village, there were bodies. Some had been shot. Some had been ripped apart. The earth drank up the blood like it was dying of thirst. All around us, rivers of red ran and joined, forming puddles and thin streams that almost seemed to draw symbols into the dirt all around. The people still alive, covered in the evidence of their slaughtering of their neighbors, stood up and began to shamble home when I shouted at them to do so. Apparently, my command for civility and my direction to return home had spread through the camp, far beyond the village square.
Should we really run out there to meet them when it is just you and me? Savannah asked, stopping our run and panting for breath as she spoke.
Of course we should. Is this an antifeminist moment, Savannah? I seriously thought we were on the same page with our views on the capabilities of women in relation to men and as individuals.
I was not panting at all, though I am not bragging when I say that; I was simply more adept at handling those physically demanding, mentally straining, life-or-death situations than she was because I had been experiencing them for so long.
You know its not that. Its just We really should bring more people with us. If it will make you recant your assertion that Im sexist, then we can bring all girls. Well be like Amazonians. Whatever floats your boat.
Ive always wondered, is that a double entendre? That expression? I stopped, shook my head, and came back to the topic at hand. Never mind. I am going to say something right now that might shock you, but you are right.
She gasped comically, and I narrowed my eyes at her.
We should see if James and all of that lot in the infirmary have come to their senses yet. We could use their assistance in parlaying with the Old Spirits, who are close, by the way, but not too close. In fact I closed my eyes and caught the thoughts of that old man with the young wife again. The man who was supposed to meet them had not shown up. This older man feared that he had succumbed to the airborne trebestia venom, even though they had all been exposed to it. They had all suffered through its effects, because doing so would grant temporary immunity. That is why I was immune to the effects. My eyes turned to Savannah, wondering if she had been bitten or scratched and treated in the infirmary, and that is why she was not currently going out of her mind. That moment was not the time to ask, so I turned back to the thoughts of the old man.
Theyre lost. Thank God or the Gods for that. The spies they planted here are not exactly professionals, and they certainly are not skilled at compass reading, or cartography, or both. So we have now been granted some much needed time to assemble an actual plan, not just an impulsive jaunt into an unknown level of danger.
So the infirmary, then?
Off we go.
***

Adam Adam 
Janna was crawling up the stairs with just the use of her arms; her body was merely being dragged along, her bones bumping against each wooden step audibly every time she managed to actually pull herself up. Every area of exposed skin on her body was red with both her blood and the blood of those she had killed. Even her face was completely covered in it. 
I would utilize the clich about the mighty having fallen, but then, I do not really think this one was that mighty. I murmured tauntingly as I gingerly walked over her and continued my climb up the steps.
Brynna. Savannah said, and when I looked back, she was wearing a look of gentle reprimanding and hopeful belief in my ability to do the right thing; it was a look with which I was becoming very familiar but found no less irritating every time I saw it.
I sighed heavily in response to it and frowned down at the pathetic display Janna was exhibiting.
Fine.
Together, we easily lifted and carried her up the steps.
Will you take me to Adam? Janna asked me, and I cringed when I saw bits of flesh stuck between her bloodstained teeth.
I do not normally tell people when they are in need of more stringent dental-hygienic practices, but
Brynna, please. Thats enough. Savannah breathed heavily as she kicked open the door to the infirmary.
I am just saying, my stomach cannot handle such a disgusting sight
My Adam He is alright. He is, isnt he? Please tell me that he is here and waiting for me. Asking for me
He mentioned your name in passing, but that is probably what you are used to at this point.
Youre picking on the weak right now. Thats not very nice, Brynna Olivier. Savannah informed me a little more crossly.
I am sorry, do you shrink her mind, too, as they say? Is that why are you so opposed to me picking on her? I asked, and I nearly dropped Janna to mime air-quotes. 
No. It is just uncalled for right now. Your issues with her need to be put aside for the moment because we have bigger problems. We just need to be a collective mass of people working together
I dont think she will be offering us much help. And for the record, I do not just pick on her when she is weak and downtrodden. I picked on her before all hell broke loose and won, and she was neither weak nor downtrodden at the time.
Of course you did, darling.
Please do not patronize me right now, or I will be forced to start calling you James!
Youre asking for it.
Should I act weak and downtrodden so you will pity me, too? Oh, of course not, because I would never even deign to be weak!
I kicked open the door to Adams room with more force than I intended to use. 
Brynna Olivier, so help me God, if you do not unchain me right this second!
Oh, well, hello to you, too. I murmured, Here is your spouse. She asked to be placed by your side.
I do not want her here.
Savannah and I had just dropped her onto the bed beside his, and he did not even look in her direction. When Adam had said that, Savannah had snorted through her nose.
Now who is picking on the weak and downtrodden? I asked. Just to be safe, we strapped Janna to the bed.
It is over. You closed the circle. If you are expecting my thanks, then I must warn you that you will wait for the rest of the days of your life, which I can promise you, are not many, Brynna. Adam snarled at me. Now unchain me, and by the one God, take that woman from this room!
Well, if I unchain you, cant you just leave the room? I asked, No, I think you two need each other right now. This was a very stressful experience for everyone, and the ties of your marital union should be strengthened by the fact that you have both survived. No, I could never break up such a romantic, dramatic moment for you two. I will be back in the morning.
Brynna! Goddamn it, Brynna Olivier, you will not
Goodbye. I dragged the word out in a long whisper, and out in the hallway, Savannah and I both giggled hysterically. When we separated at the end of the hallway, we were still laughing, because he was still shouting. 
I banged on the door to the room in which Penny and Violet were hiding. My heart raced; I was terrified to hear the sounds of hunting and killing I had heard in the village square.
Violet? Penny? Do not open the door yet, but are you two alright?
It was mere seconds until Penny spoke, but to me, it felt like ages. My heart pounded against my chest, my vision went cloudy, my breaths hitched in my throat. In those few seconds, I feared that the worst had happened, that I would open the door and find them both ripped apart by each others hands. What else could have been worse? I prayed to nothing for one of them to speak, but I prayed hard to that nothing. I prayed with everything in me. 
Brynn! Did you close the circle?! Penny asked.
A smile broke on my face, and I was laughing in relief. Tears swam into my eyes, and I let just two fall as I rested my forehead against the door.
Yes. I said, still beaming brightly, Of course I did, baby. Violet, how are you doing?
Im good. Are you okay? What was it like out there?
Do not worry yourself over that. I am fine. Savannah is fine.
What about James?!
We realized that he was infected before we left, and he is in a room down the hall.
Can I come out and check on Nick? Please?
No. I do not want you to come out until the sun comes up. There is still venom hanging in the air, and only the sun can burn it away. The ash-circle is closed, but I closed what was left of the venom in here with us.
You know that for sure?
I am reasonably sure. It is a hypothesis, but it is a founded one. Just trust me on this. I love you both, and I will check on Nick and come back. Okay?
Okay. Just be careful, Brynn.
I will. Try to get some sleep. Especially you, Penelope.
What? Oh, man! She groaned.
You heard her, Penn. Violet said.
I walked to Jamess door and unlocked it, grinning to myself. His eyes were closed, but I could see his chest rising and falling slowly against the fabric of his shirt that was matted to him with sweat. Just as I started to slip away to let him rest, his head jerked up, and he exclaimed my name so loudly that I jumped.
Holy shit, James Maxwell! I screamed furiously as I walked over to him, clasping my chest with one hand. What, were you dreaming about me?
I guess. I dont know. Cant remember. He said hurriedly yet breathlessly, Hey. Come here. Come down here. He said weakly, and even though my heart was still racing from being startled, I smiled as I leaned down to let him kiss me. You okay? I nodded, and pressed my forehead to his as I kissed him again. You sure?
I am fine. Are you alright?
Im good. I think its over.
Well, I am not letting you get up until morning. It is still in the air, even if you cannot feel it. 
That was pretty much the worse thing to ever happen to me. I might need to just lay here for the next week. I dont know how you did it, getting up almost immediately after you were better.
I am very stubborn, even against my own bodys wishes. God, you are so pale, James. I reached out and stroked his face, Let me go get you some water.
No. Im fine. Just stay here with me for a few minutes. Please?
You are probably dehydrated severely from sweating.
Ill be fine for a few more minutes. Just please stay. Just let me He reached out as far as the chains would allow. What they would not allow, I made up for by moving closer. His hands pushed my hair away from my face almost cautiously, and when he looked at me, his eyes would meet mine only briefly before moving away. 
Baby I said, Its okay.
It was all I saw. He told me in a voice so low I could barely hear him. Losing you. Every time it was sadness or fear, it was always because I was losing you. In some way. Or someone was hurting you, and I couldnt stop them. You or Penny or Violet. I saw it hundreds of times. More than that, even.
Im here, James. So far, nothing has been able to take me away from you. Not even you. I stopped, remembering what he had said earlier. A chill spread through me as I remembered it. James When it first started, and you were experiencing the anger side of it, you said something about shooting someone. You were laughing, and you were saying that this person was weak and pathetic and deserved it.
He was silent, his eyes set resolutely looking in a different direction. No matter what he had done, he never avoided my eyes like that. That chill grew, as though someone had turned my internal temperature down past zero. All throughout me, there was ice. He had done it. He had killed someone besides his wife. He had done it on purpose, and it was before we came to Pangaea, before he ever could have had a reason
Its not what you think, okay? He whispered, and when he looked up at me, there were tears in his eyes. What did I say exactly?
Why would I tell you that? I asked, So you can make up a story based on my answer?
I stood up and began to pace.
Brynna, He said, and his tone beseeched me for understanding, I was young. It was before you were even born. Years before you were even born. My mother left, and my father He started drinking. And he was He stopped, pausing a long time before starting again. I have always understood why you hate your father, okay? Even if you had never told me, even if I had never seen it, I would have known. And you managed to get away from yours. I couldnt. I was too young to get kicked out. I tried to run away, but they always brought me back. I did what I had to do, and I served my time for it, okay? I got out, and I got in trouble for a while, but then, I got better.
Is that when you went to school?
Yeah. I was tried as a minor, because everyone knew about it, and people testified on my behalf. I got money to go to school because I was a pathetic, parentless little charity case. I went to school, and I still got in trouble a little bit, but I graduated, and I got a good job, and things changed for me.
So, you shot your father? You killed him?
Yes. And obviously, that is not something Im proud of. But you know you know that there comes a point where you just have to stop it. I was ten. I couldnt wait to turn sixteen or eighteen or whatever age I needed to be where they wouldnt come looking for me. I just had to go. Im sorry I didnt tell you this, and Im sorry you had to find out this way, and God, Brynna, if you want to leave, I will not stop you. I would leave.
You would leave me if I had killed my abusive father?
No. But its different.
Why? Because I am a weak female?
No. Brynn, please dont lead me into a conversational black hole when I feel like shit and Im preparing for the moment when you walk out of here and leave me because that would be the smart thing to
I had thrown my leg over him and sat up so I was straddling his stomach. I leaned down and kissed him, and after a moment, he kissed me back, his hands coming up as far as they could to rest on my lower back. 
I am not going to leave because of this. You just said why I will not, but I will tell you anyway. It is because I should have done the same thing.
He nodded, but for a long time, he said nothing. 
Ive never told anyone that before.
See? We pour out our deepest, darkest secrets only to each other. I smiled at him, I never thought I could tell anyone the things that have happened to me, but I have told you all of them.
Most of them. My mind remembered the banging on the door, the blood on my hands, her shaking voice repeating Everything is going to be okay, everything is going to be okay, everything is going to be okay
Hey He whispered, Where are you at, baby?
I looked back at him, quickly regaining my composure.
I am right here. All this talk of fathers made me get a little lost, but I am here now. I leaned down and kissed him. I cannot believe I told you all these things, and I am so happy that you have told me everything now. You are more than likely the love of my life, James Maxwell.
And you are definitely mine.
Aww My smile broadened, and I looked up, trying to stop the completely random tears that had formed in my eyes. He forced himself to sit up, and he kissed my neck over and over again slowly. You got me there.
I did, didnt I?
You know I am rarely certain of anything. But I am as close to certain about you as I am about anything else. Is that okay with you?
Of course it is. 
Good. I looked down at him and held my lips to his for a long second. Now let me go get you some water and then, you, my love, are going to go to sleep, even if I have to gently asphyxiate you with a pillow until you pass out.
Oh, well, that is violent and slightly worrisome. He said, Say it again, a little slower this time.
Shut up, James! I exclaimed, lightly tapping him in the face.
Oh, well, that was definitely violent. Do it again, a little harder.
You are a certified creeper, as Violet says! I told him, I will hear nothing more of your untoward talk!
Madam, I am sorry to have spoken untowardly to you, but I will He sighed heavily, Im too tired to come up with an adequate mimic of your intricate speech, my love.
Oh, well, my disappointment is staggering.
It is, isnt it?
Of course, darling.
***

I helped him drink water, and then I laid against his chest while he fell asleep. 
Promise me youll wait until tomorrow to go after them. So I can go with you. Okay? He said sleepily.
I will. 
Thats not a promise. I know how you like to worm your way out of making promises.
I do. I solemnly swear that I will get up to no mischief, alright?
He chuckled softly and kissed my forehead.
Good enough. I love you, you badass motherfucker.
I laughed somewhat obnoxiously, covering my mouth when I snorted. 
You and Violet, and your mutual obsession with calling me that word!
Well, youve become more profane than both of us, so that has to be your moniker.
Well, regardless of the ridiculous moniker you have given me, I love you, too. You poor, pathetic damsel in distress.
Despite his exhaustion, he laughed one of his raucous laughs that he reserved only for me in response to that. 
I am going to go in just a minute. I said, more to convince myself than to convince him.
I was lying beside him on my side with my hand resting on his chest. Even though he was awake, talking and joking with me, I was still comforted by just the soft rise and fall of his chest beneath my hand. His own was rested over top of mine, and every so often, he pulled it to his lips to kiss.
You're going to go out and fight them, aren't you? Or at least, you're going to go out and keep watch?
Yes. It is just newly midnight now, as you can see by the color of the sky. I beckoned to his open window. If you saw the state of everyone else, you would not question my decision to keep watch. They are all probably lying restless yet dormant and in pain from their injuries, recovering very slowly from what was the most natural biological attack this world has probably ever known.
That was action movie jargon.
I know. I grinned, I use it frequently these days.
We were silent for a moment, and he and I both knew that what I said next was going to be something grave.
They are very smart, James.
He was quiet, but his good arm came off of my back so he could reach up, rest it on my head, and use his fingers to peel my hair back away from my face.
I know they are, baby. We underestimated them, which was stupid. It was our second biggest mistake.
What was our first?
Trusting Adam and his people.
I looked up at him, awaiting further explanation on that, but as I suspected, he was very tired and had closed his eyes.
If anything happens, wake me up. You promise?
Yes. I promise.
I laid my head back down for a moment, counting the seconds in my head. I was allotting myself ten seconds to lie with him and forget the troubles of the world. Just a few uninterrupted moments of silence and peace, and then I would be back to the constant stream of movement. Soon, I would be out of his warm embrace and into the cold night, touting a gun over my shoulder and knife on my belt, to light torches, tend to the wounded, and bury the dead. I would also be awaiting the arrival of the Old Spirits, whom I realized were back on track and even closer than before.
After kissing James one last time and responding to his mumbled, I love you with the same words, I left him to finish the fight I had started.
***

Brynna... Adam's weakened voice called from behind his closed door. I know that you are out there. Please come.
At first, anger prickled all through me, starting in my chest and cascading down all four limbs to my fingers and toes. With precise and unrelenting needling jabs that lasted milliseconds but left reverberating aftershocks, the anger consumed me. The only remedy for it was to turn away from his door and gather up my gun, but when he spoke again, the desperation in his voice gave me pause.
Please. You do not have to let me up, nor do we have to talk, but I just need water.
My head tilted to one side, my lips pursed, my eyes rolled upwards in most venomous irritation, and my lungs heaved a great sigh. All of that, and then my feet stomped off in his direction.
Thank you. He said when I came into his room, Thank you, Brynna.
I ignored him and picked up the jug of water that had been sitting there all day. To my displeasure, the water was still slightly cold. When I approached him, he avoided my eyes. It was only after I placed the water on the bedside table that he looked at me.
Would you really be so cruel? He asked me, and behind the crackling in his throat that was a result of being so thirsty, I heard his growing anger.
I do not know, Adam. Would I? I asked back, with malice. Would I be so cruel to a man who shot me? You are lucky that I have bigger fish to fry, as they say, or else I would be considering very seriously killing you for what you did to me!
You would kill me when I cannot defend myself? Or would you unlock these chains and give me a fighting chance?
That I do not know. I do so love a fight, so I would have unchained you. How about that? I do know.
That would have been unwise. In fact, it would have been downright stupid. But do you know, I am not surprised. It was unwise of you to make a deal with that despicable man, Paul, that involved exchanging my life for a phantom. They do not have your mother, Brynna, and if you believe that they do, then you are stupid. You are just a stupid, fanciful little girl who allows her allegiances to be shifted by empty promises and her own pathetic hopes and dreams.
Do you remember what you have done? I snapped at him. You spit this vitriolic babble at me like I have committed some foul act when it is you who shot three innocent people at point-blank range and countless others randomly, simply because I offended your pride.
My pride? You think it was my pride that you offended? Think on that again, you despicable, hollow-headed traitor! Does that designation tell you what you have offended? It was not my pride! It was my adherence to principles of loyalty that you offended! His eyes burned even more, You saved my life. You carried me through the forest, fighting off creatures and men alike, to bring me here. And I have saved you before. I have been kind to you and your people. But no more, Brynna Olivier. You are dead to me. If I did not owe you for your two-faced act of saving my life, I would kill you now!
The words stung, to say the very least. But I did not cry, nor did I lie to him about what I had done, nor did I tell him the truth. The whole matter would have been settled, maybe, if I had just clarified then and there what had happened: I was going to tell him about my plan, and together, we would have gone to the meeting place to see if the Old Spirits were being truthful about my mother.
A likely story. He snarled at me. And I am sure that you think yourself very clever for not saying it, but rather screaming it at me with your thoughts.
My thoughts had wanted him to hear again, and he had heard. So, obviously, my prior belief that telling him everything would quickly absolve the tension between us and restore our relationship to its former solidity was wrong.
Janna read your heart. I knew that there was darkness in you, but never did I think you could betray me this way!
Oh, Janna told you that I am nothing but a sadistically deceitful monster who was going to willingly trade your life and hers? Your wife told you that?
Yes. My wife. Do not pretend that my omitting of the fact that Janna is my wife is tantamount to what you have done. Do not try that. You will simply make me even angrier, and I am already having great difficulty hearing your voice and looking at your face!
Believe what you want, Adam. I told him, But believing her without question might one day be the death of you.
How dare you?! He hissed at me, I should kill you for saying that! Do not say a negative word against her! She has been my wife for twenty-three years, and she would never tell a lie to me or anyone else!
Twenty-three years? I asked, and I could not fight the derisive snort through my nose that was my classic response to stupid, pathetic, or otherwise unintentionally hilarious things. 
Goodness, that is impressive, Adam. I continued, It took twenty-three years for you to go searching for love elsewhere, specifically, with me?
Oh, my darling girl, I was not searching for love with you. I was merely weakening your defenses to see if I could. Also, I admit, and I am a dog for this... He actually laughed coldly, I was seeing just how long it would take after you dropped your guard for me to get you into my bed. His evil grin widened, And just as I suspected, you bent, quite literally, to my will. You bent backwards, I mean.
The anger exploded, and my arm jerked out. He was the first person I had slapped in a long while. At first, I thought he was going to break free of his restraints and strangle me. Either that, or he would heave his body up and ram into me like a bull. Somehow, he would hurt me for hurting him.
You bitch! He spat at me.
No. I just slapped you hard enough to dislodge one of your teeth. I pointed at the bed beside him where one of his gleaming white molars lay in a sick puddle of spittle and blood. I think, by the very slang connotation of the term, that makes you the bitch.
I started to walk away, not lamenting the disintegration of mine and Adam's relationship in the slightest. He was a vile, cruel, evil man, and I had known that by instinct the first time I had met him. His charisma had been undeniable, and his power had seduced me. His kindness had been a show by which I had been easily transfixed. I was disgusted by how easily he had fooled me and vowed silently that I would never be taken under his spell again.
We are finished now. He said to me somewhat softly, You are finished with me. Are you not, Brynna?
Yes.
Then perhaps you will do me just one favor, and allow me to have a drink of water.
I turned back to him, actually laughing now.
And why would I do that, Adam? After all you have said, after the insults you have spat at me, after threatening my life, why would I help you?
There is no reason why you would. But perhaps you might, just for old time's sake, as they say.
I still do not know why I did it. But after a long moment of gaping at him, I walked forward, picked up the glass, and pressed it to his lips. Perhaps it was because at the moment he asked me to aid him on behalf of times that had passed between us, I felt an uneasily throbbing bloom of nostalgia for when he had been so kind to me, for when he had kissed me while we were awaiting our deaths, for when he had held me while that Shadow paced in front of us with that hungry lust in her eyes, for when we had almost...
Then, his hands came up to grasp the cup, and I knew that I had been played by him once again, as I had been played by him so many times before.
He chuckled the way he always did, except this time, I recognized the spite behind the sound. When he spoke, he whispered his two words with poison and rage, so I could not dismiss his ire and deep, unrelenting hated of me.
Stupid girl.
***

Savannah, they are almost within shouting distance! I called to her. She was sitting outside the door to Ellie and Olivers room, and through the large space between the bottom of the door and the floor, they had slid their hands. One of hers was grasping them, and when she became aware of the fact that I was standing beside her, she whispered to them that she had to go, but that she would be back soon.
You really want to stay. I told her, because I had heard her woeful thoughts.
Of course I do. She replied, not defensively at all. Dont you?
I had been accusing her, however vaguely, of disloyalty to the cause. Her immediate regret when I had told her it was time to go was taken by me to mean that she did not wish to see this mission of saving our people to the end. But when she asked me whether I, too, would have liked to just call it a night, as they say, I realized that I did, and in realizing that, I begrudgingly had to admit that she had bamboozled me into re-thinking my distrust of her once again.
You really want to push me away. She told me.
Before I could answer, the door next to Ellie and Olivers opened, and Elijah, moaning loudly, began to shamble out.
Wheres the bathroom in this place?
How did you get up?
No one strapped me down. He replied, before moaning again, I swear to God, I think I pissed myself twice Walnut bladder and terror Not a good mix. 
I love how you are talking to me like nothing negative has transpired between us.
Brynn Not now.
Not now? Not ever, Elijah. Make no mistake about that.
I stormed ahead of Savannah, who followed in my stead. 
Wait! Brynna, wait! Elijah called, and without even looking back at him, I knew that he was still stumbling and shuffling, reaching out to me, and that those movements, coupled with his severe dishevelment, gave him the appearance of a zombie shortly after reanimation. 
I know I fucked up, okay? I know that it was all me, and that you didnt do anything, and I let myself get too mad and defensive, and Im sorry. Okay? Im so sorry.
And I do not care in the slightest, Eli. You have now experienced what I did, only you did not have to experience it knowing someone you loved had caused it to happen all because of some stupid woman! A woman, who coincidentally, is using you to get back at me!
Thats not true! He exclaimed, loudly and indignantly. She came up to me the second we got here, and she flirted with me. Then, she immediately asked me to
Thank you, I do not need to hear the rest of this. If you would like to believe that Janna is in love, or at the very least, in lust with you, that is your prerogative, though you must know that she has admitted to me outright that she is out to make me suffer for trying to steal Adam. 
I was at the front door, and with somewhat more force that I intended to use, I flung it open, causing it to bang against the wooden railing and come flying back towards me. Before it could hit me, though, I easily reached my hand out to stop it.
And also, just to keep you totally informed on your raven-haired goddess, she is seeing other people.
Yeah, Adam, maybe. Her husband. He replied, and his voice was beginning to shake. The way he had said her husband led me to believe that he had been trying to wound me. He, like most other people, had gathered that Adam and I had grown closer, and he had guessed that I had not known Adam was married.
A rather hysterical, very taunting fit of laughter burst from me suddenly.
No. I said through my giggles, It wasnt Adam. It was James, actually. At first, his face fell, but then, his eyes widened, and his mouth dropped open slightly. Yes! Right after our confrontation during which you so rudely pushed me over the ash-circle, they had sex. And while James and I have settled that issue quite nicely, you might have a slightly more difficult time reconciling it in yourself.
Youre lying. Youre lying, Brynna! He shouted after me as I walked down the stairs.
Which is why James and I did not live together for almost four months. Yes, your powers of deduction are keen and enviable, Eli. Let no one tell you otherwise. 
He shouted after me as Savannah and I trudged along, but I ignored him. 
Brynna!
My stars, if people do not stop requesting my attention when I am in battle mode I murmured irritably.
Don came stumbling down the steps, and Savannah froze beside me. I walked over to him, my face contorted into a grimace of disgust when he retched violently and vomited what appeared to be three days worth of hearty meals onto the ground.
Oh, what a terrible thing Theyre the worst The absolute worst He told me, I am so sorry that this happened to you. I didnt understand it before. I didnt understand why you were making such a fuss for so long, but God its awful!
Yes. It is. I replied dryly, Now, if you will excuse me, Savannah and I are doing the job that you and Adam should be doing.
No. I searched around for a heart that wasnt sick with whatever is in the air, and I found you two. Im ready to help. I think its passed.
And I think it has not. So, go back up into that house and wait until morning. Then, it will definitely have passed, as will the threat of the Old Spirits when Savannah and I either parlay with them peacefully or kill them outright, though the latter option is the more favorable one for me, and the most probable one.
No. He stood up straight, wobbling only slightly now. I need to be there. Im alright. Im ready. He cleared his throat, and when he spoke again, his voice had steadied. Youre right that this is my job. You shouldnt be doing this alone.
Why? Because Im
No, not because youre a woman. 
I gaped at him, shocked that he had known exactly what I was going to snap at him.
Come on, Brynna, its been almost two years. You think I dont know you well by now?
Whatever. We are wasting time, and they are here.
Where? Savannah asked from behind us.
Dont even look at her. I hissed at Don, and he obeyed, casting his eyes to the ground. They are about five minutes from us. They are coming from the South, so we had better run.
They did not need to be told twice. I ran in the front, leading them in the direction from which the stream of thoughts was coming. As we ran, it got louder and crisper. I could hear their relief that they had found us. That relief gave way to thoughts of pillaging, raping, and killing, all of which were so disturbing that I immediately pulled my prying mind back a few steps so that the specificity of their thoughts greatly diminished; after that, all I could hear were indiscernible whispers growing louder but not clearer the closer we got. 
I stopped running, and Don and Savannah almost ran into my back. By the way the tension seemed to settle between the three of us like a blanket of lethally heavy pressure, I knew that they could hear the voices now, too. Not the thoughts, but the voices of the men who were approaching.
Don, after this is settled However it is settled If we are still standing, we will have no choice but to leave here.
I know. Don replied, and in my peripheral vision, I could see him staring straight ahead with his frighteningly large eyes.
I am sure you know that I have spread the word amongst our people. I continued, I acknowledge that I should have spoken to you first.
Dont worry about it. Thats all in the past now. It doesnt even matter at this point. Plus, I was never mad about it. Weve been needing to break from Adam for a while. Hes holding us back.
From what? I asked.
From greatness. Don looked over at me, and I looked over at him. His expression could not have been more solemn, and that convinced me that he could not have been more serious about what he had said.
The Red Anarchy is destined for greatness, then? I asked.
Of course it is. Ive seen that, Brynna. You may think Im just an old drunk
and drug addict I added.
and rapist Savannah added with quiet yet resonating venom.
Dont hold back, ladies. He said somewhat bitterly. Regardless of what you two might think, though, I have seen things. My power lets me see things.
Only I see things, Don. You see phantoms of your own hopes and dreams. I see what is real.
No. I see the colors and sounds of the world before those colors and sounds become real. I see the heart of this world and the last. I might not see the concrete images that you do, Brynna, but I can see things. And we will be great. They will fear us. Their darkness will cower in the face of our red light. Can I ask you something?
Well, that was a random ending to your monologue. But sure. Ask away.
Did you really make that deal with Paul?
I looked at him, and I knew my gaze was fiery, set in stone, unyielding.
Yes. If you call me a traitor to our kind, then I will grin slightly and shake my head in condescension at your blindness, just like I did to Adam.
No. It was destined. It was what breaks us from him. But Brynna His cold hand grasped mine, It will also be what pulls your lights your hearts yours and Adams back together.
I wanted to dismiss that assertion with a curt snort through my nose. But for some reason, I could not easily sniff at what he had said. 
You cannot know that.
I can. Colors and sounds, remember?
I have a question, too. Savannah said, and I looked over at her to quiet my new, inquisitive thoughts regarding all Don had just said. Did you really kill those men?
I answered her in the same way I had answered Don: with no hint of apology, but also with no hint of defensiveness. 
Yes.
She nodded, and her dark eyes looked at the ground first, and then out at the forest. It became evident from the ebb and flow of her thoughts and feelings that I frightened her. Her fear was not crippling, nor did it accompany the animal reflex to get away from a threat as quickly as possible, but it was there. She thought I was ruthless. She thought I would take whatever I wanted, and trade lives as easily as I would trade trinkets and crops when I could not just take. Her biggest concern was that because of my new powerful position beside Don, I might one day decide that her life was worth trading. If one of the Bachums came looking for those whom we had taken in from their batch of unfortunate exiled souls, I might find it prudent to hand her back to them, and though her fear of me was minimal, she was terrified of Mary, Rich, and especially Tyre.
You may think me ruthless and heartless, Savannah, but I was a human just like you. I came from Earth just like you did. What I did to Donovan and Rene was what you would have done, now that there are no penalties for it. It is what all mothers would do. In fact, that protective instinct is one of the only things that we share in common.
Who? Savannah asked, somewhat more gently than I expected.
The Pangaeans and us. It is important, to recognize the few similarities. Some other knowing is beginning to form right now as I speak to you, telling me that soon, the differences between Earthean and Pangaean will be quite crucial to how it all plays out.
To how what all plays out? Don asked.
I looked back at them both and said with purposely emphatic resonance:
Everything.
***

What's your count? Don whispered after we had ducked down behind the wooden outpost. The stand was most typically stocked with plants and tonics that induced mind-altering effects, specifically ones that involved heightened arousal and more adept physical endurance, if one catches my drift.
I count twelve. Savannah told us.
I count twelve, too. I answered, What is your count? Don?
Savannah and I both looked in his direction.
Do you think this stuff really works? He held up a bottle bearing a sticker with a very obscene picture of male genitalia engorged to ridiculous proportions.
The fact that you are asking me that at a time like this is aggravating. The fact that you are asking me that at all is disturbing, and quite humiliating for you.
God, its not even like that! He whispered with furious indignation, Im asking you because you're smart, and youre the only person here to ask, and it's not humiliating because I don't need it, but it would be a good additive. It would be extra. He was stumbling over his words in an attempt to explain. You know what, if you knew who I was competing with, you wouldn't be looking at me like that right now.
Savannah was snorting through her nose as she tried to stifle her laughter, but I was too focused on the torches to be truly amused. Later, though, I would guffaw quite ridiculously at that moment with my so-called leader.
I am going to draw them to me. I told them, I am going to meet them right at the circle, and see what they want.
We know what they want, Brynna! Don hissed at me, They want to come in here and kill us all! Does the ash circle keep everyone out?
No. I answered, Just the tree-people. I do not think that they are here to fight. Twelve people will last mere seconds against us.
There are only three of us. Savannah whispered.
They do not know that, and even so, we are three mutated people, who are capable of speed and agility, and who have been blessed with rabid fighting skills. They have guns, and who knows how many? We have fifteen of theirs, and then all the Pangaean weapons. I do not know how many guns my father brought with him. No, they want to parlay.
Parlay? Savannah asked, I've heard the term before, but what does it mean again? And also, why are you using the term 'parlay?'
Yeah, yeah, yeah, parlay. Don was nodding vigorously. They want to make a deal.
I remember now! That word was in that pirate movie! Savannah said with a snap of her fingers, and both Don and I chuckled.
It was. I told her, It was also used throughout history. The film's depiction of how the term was used, namely amongst pirates and miscreants, is historically accurate. I loved those films. I sighed heavily, Ah, the joys of memory lane. I do so miss going to the theater to see films. Anyway... The adrenaline was beginning to pump through us as we prepared for the fight, making all of our thoughts, even the most irrelevant, form into words that we spoke quickly. Here is my plan, lady and gentleman. I stopped and shook my head back and forth rapidly, I did not mean for that to rhyme. Either way, Savannah, I want you to stay here and cover me. Don, you will come with me to parlay. It would be convenient if we had another able-bodied man or woman to crouch on the other side of this kiosk, as we would then be covered completely.
Well, everyone is probably still crawling around in their houses. But I could go get your brother at the infirmary, which is approximately thirteen hundred nine hundred and seventy two yards from here. Does that sound about right?
We both started to answer, but she continued talking.
Give me three minutes, I can get there, find him or someone else
Ideally, someone else I added in quickly.
Yes, someone who isn't injured that badly, and Ill bring them back here, and they can use this pistol. Savannah pulled a pistol from her belt that I had seen her take from the arms cabinet in the infirmary. Yes, in times of war, even the infirmary needed to be armed. 
That seems like a legitimate plan. But honestly, if you bring back Elijah, you might as well bring back a tree-beast. I would trust the latter far more than I would trust the former right now.
Well, well see what I can do in three minutes.
Three minutes exactly? I clarified with her.
Of course.
Alright. I am counting.
She zoomed off and returned, beaming brightly, with Eli by her side.
He was right on the steps crying! I didnt even have to go inside and look for him! Her smile faded abruptly when she saw my face, I know you wanted someone else.
I was not crying! Eli snapped at her, though even in the darkness, I could see how puffy his eyes were. 
Whatever. Beggars cant be choosers, as they say. I rolled my eyes skyward and heaved a great sigh. Elijah, my brother, so blinded in love for a woman I despise that he would attempt to kill me by pushing me over the ash-circle, no doubt at said womans behest Please take that pistol from the hysterical Dr. Mack and try not to shoot me in the back with it while I parlay with the Old Spirits. Thank you!
What? I would never do that! You think I would shoot you in the back?
Oh, I am sorry. Do you have dignity? Integrity? Would you shoot me in the front?
Brynna, youre my sister! I wouldnt shoot you at all!
Right. Because pushing me over the ash-circle into the trebestia-infested woods did not have almost the same effect. It was certainly done to achieve the same means that shooting me would achieve. You were trying to kill me.
Listen, she never said what was in the woods. She just said if I did it, shed Look, she knew I was mad at you for getting back with James, and if you want to talk about integrity, lets just look at him for a second
Let us not. Come along, Don Abba. We have governmental duties to uphold. Savannah, keep one eye on the parlaying, and one eye on him. If it looks like he is going to shoot me My eyes turned over white briefly as I looked at him, shoot him first.
Aye-aye, Captain! She told me, before giggling hysterically. Im sorry So much adrenaline
I strode ahead before Elijah could even get out one word of protest. 
It was him? Don asked.
Yes.
But why? 
Because he is in love. I dragged the word out, mimicking Dons habit of doing the same when he was incredulous or confused. But that is neither here nor there, as they say. Here they come.
The woman they were holding was dressed head to toe in black and wearing a bag over her head. They were careful to keep the torchlight away from her so that I could just see her shadow; just from that, I could not discern if she was thin or round, let alone if her bone structure resembled my mother's. My father's arm was linked around her neck, holding her close to him as his eyes, so black in the darkness, bore with powerful spite into mine. Of course, his spite was nothing compared to my own.
Where is he, Brynna? Today is the day, isn't it? My father asked.
Beneath the hood, the woman gave a feeble cry that was muffled. Beside me, Don stared at her hungrily.
Look at me. I hissed at him. You remember what you said, do you not?
I do. Don nodded vigorously and blinked his massive blue eyes several times. You're right. You're right, I'm sorry.
Those tree demons must have really done a number on y'all. One of the men standing on one side of Rich Bachum informed me snidely. That's where your almighty leader is, ain't it? Probably holed up, crying for his bitch-mother.
He is on his way. I informed him, Now, he is unaware that he is walking into a trap, so I highly recommend that you all hide behind the largest trees you can find, and then ambush him. She will more than likely be with him, but she is not that hard to take down. I did so just this morning. Now, because I am not a fool, I will require that one of you remain right there... I pointed, behind that oak, with her so that as soon as Adam and Janna are grabbed, you can throw her to me. I do not want any trouble. I just want to make the exchange. Are we clear and agreed on that?
Do you really think that I am going to take orders from you? Rich snarled at me.
After an over dramatic gasp, I turned my head on the side so I could see the thick, jagged lines of flesh jutting out in long, white puffs down one side of Rich's face; his skin was like a hard egg shell and the fleshy scar looked like the whites and yolk, bursting through a crack in that shell after the egg had become too hot. 
My stars... I shook my head slightly. Nice face, Ace. I did not notice that the last time we met. Perhaps the darkness was just too potent. Perhaps I was distracted. Oh, well, it does not matter. My sister got you good, as they say.
The woman jerked forward, trying to break my father's grasp, struggling against the ropes keeping her hands behind her back.
I don't think so, honey. You're not leaving me yet. Not until she holds up her end of the deal. You thought you got rid of her, didn't you?
I asked if we are clear and in agreement on the terms I have set forth. If you would like for me to call out to Adam and set this plan into motion, then I recommend you either take the terms, or we can settle this other ways.
No. There is no need for that. Another man I did not recognize told me. He was Pangaean, more than likely standing in for Tyre.
How is your wife? I asked Rich, just to infuriate him further. Is she well? I have not killed her yet, as your sniveling mind suggested I would just before you ran from our fight in the city. Oh... I grimaced comically. I do not care for your angry face. With your injuries, you look like a comic book villain.
Look at that! He does! Don told us. Alright, gentlemen, are we taking the deal or what?
We're taking the deal.
Good then.
Look at how she ignores you. How she pretends you're not even here. My father was whispering in the ear of the woman I knew now was not my mother. Whoever she was, her thoughts were screaming that I was being played and that soon, I would know that. She feared that I would discover that she was not my mother long before the trade was made, and that she would be dragged off, back to the Bachum camp, where she had disobeyed too many times. That was how she had landed in her current predicament; she had tried to run, she had fought others, fought the husband they had forced on her after they had taken her long-time boyfriend and married him off to another woman because they were too passionate.
Frenzied convulsions of sobs took hold of her, and my father looked pleased with himself and pleased with her. She was playing the part, just like she had been told. He believed that I was buying their act without question, but he forgot that I wielded a great power. Actually, he did not forget, he simply underestimated, which was unsurprising, given his bottomless stupidity and his blinding arrogance.
The woman's boyfriend had helped her escape, telling her he would follow her tracks in the snow that same day. He had told her to run and just keep running; he would find her. But it had been Rich and her new husband who had found her and dragged her back. Their punishment had been public, though I could not see what it was. All I knew was that it ended in her boyfriend being sent off into the wilderness on his own, with no shoes or coat, and that the wind and snow had whipped up behind him almost like nature was cracking a whip at him as punishment...
I do not like playing games. I said, because I could not bear to see anymore. Daniel, do you remember when I was a little girl how very little I enjoyed games in which people deceived other people? There were many card games that Maura and I played together back then, ones that required what is now most frequently referred to as a 'poker face.' We were not playing poker; no, I had many vices that I could have learned from her, but gambling was not one of them. But I did not like them because it was always my belief that one should never deceive, because deception it is dishonorable. Granted, I have relaxed my principles on that here of late, and goodness knows my boyfriend and the truth have a troubled relationship, but still, lies like this one right here irk me terribly. Do you honestly think that I believe this is my mother?
There was silence between us all.
Don, they were trying to play us. I looked at Don and beckoned with my eyes towards the forest. He looked where I was directing him, beyond the heads of the men and woman standing there beside us. The tree-people had gathered but could not approach because of the firelight.
That is very rude. Don said.
It is. So, could you do something for me to make my irritation dissipate?
Anything, my dear.
You know how I love the rain, how I find it calming. Could you whip up a storm for me?
I could. You know how I hate liars. I hate men who hide guns behind their backs. He pointed at two men, and two shots fired from two sides of us. Elijah and Savannah had taken their shots and hit their targets perfectly. Two men crumpled to the ground, dropping their guns beside them. It appeared that they were the only ones who were armed, but the other men were scrambling to pick up the weapons.
I hate when people insult my intelligence, when they underestimate what we are capable of.
Of what we are capable I corrected him quietly, my eyes turned skywards.
Who do you think you all are dealing with?! Don shouted, and overhead, the thunder began to rumble. 
With whom do you think you all are dealing? I corrected him under my breath, still looking up at the sky as the clouds began to swirl.
You think we're stupid?! He continued, his body trembling viciously, his eyes burning red. You think we're that easily played?! Well, let me show you right now that it's a mistake to underestimate us.
You stop it! You stop it! My father was bellowing as he backed up into the woods, getting closer and closer to the tree-people. The rain began to fall in soft drops spaced apart at first.
Let me show you how much youre going to hate this world once its ours!
Quite perfectly, the rain began to pour and immediately, the fire light was extinguished. In a flash, I jumped over the ash barrier, grabbed the woman and both of the guns, and jumped back over just as the trebestia attacked.
Nice playing with you, boys! I called over my shoulder before jumping back over the circle. Savannah and Elijah came out, completely drenched by the rain just like Don and I were. They held their guns on the ten men who had just turned around to face their natural, monstrous enemies. When one man tried to run over the barrier to safety, Savannah shot him down with ease and cocked the gun for another hit, her expression set in stone. In the flashes of lightning, I watched one unfortunate Pangaean man get lifted off his feet and bitten right in the face by one of the largest, most demonic-looking trebestia.
Of course, my father and Rich scrambled away, Rich firing his shotgun wildly over his shoulder in our direction but missing by many feet. Indifferently and unanimously, we all looked sideways as one of his bullets hit a barrel beside us and sent wood flying in all directions.
Do you see how easy that was? That is what happens when a colony is run by all men. I told Savannah as we both shook our heads in the upmost condescension. God or Gods, I am starting to think we have nothing to fear from these people
***

What is your name? I asked the woman for the fourth time, and for the fourth time, she looked between Savannah and me with wide eyes and tears streaming down her cheeks, gasping all the while. We were in the infirmary, and light was just beginning to break on the horizon. She was lying down on one of the beds, soaking wet, because she had refused the clothes we had tried to give her, looking both terrified and infuriated. 
The damage done to her by the Old Spirits was even worse than the damage that had been done to Maura, and truly, I never thought I would have been able to say that. Though I had been told that Maura was one of the most stubborn dissenters, this woman must have been a downright mule. The skin of her arms told me that she was white, but her face was so many shades of black, blue, and purple that I could not tell. Her cheeks were swollen to such a size that it appeared as though she were holding a full breath of air in her mouth. The tops of them pushed her lower eyelids so they almost met the upper lids, and because of that, she could only see through tiny slits. Once, when she opened her mouth to gasp for air, I grimaced; she only had half a tongue.
Her physical mutilation sent unrelenting waves of jolting unease through me. Every time my eyes landed on her face, they tore themselves away defensively, so quickly that the muscles behind them felt ready to tear. I prayed to empty space that Adam, once he awoke from his tumultuous infection, would find it in his heart to cure her, but I knew that he would not. This woman was human, definitely from Earth; I could still smell the poisoned air on her, which also told me that she and the rest of her people did not or could not bathe as frequently or with the same upmarket, homemade soaps that we used. Tyre, Paul, and Rich Bachum denied such luxuries, unless, of course, those luxuries were for themselves.
Shes in shock. We should come back later. Savannahs voice snapped me out of my thoughts. She was tapping the gun on the floor almost absent-mindedly, and the resounding thuds it made pounded through my head, constricting around my forehead just above my eyes and tightening. For a second, I squeezed my eyes shut and rubbed them. The woman appeared to be even more distressed by the sound than I was, if the sudden volume spike of her wails and the way her shaking hands flew up to cover her ears were any indication. I frowned up at Savannah.
You are going to shoot your foot off if you keep doing that. 
No, I wont.
Well, you are going to make me run out of here in search of pain-killing tonics if you keep doing it, so stop. Please.
Youre tired. Its obvious. Why dont you go in with James or with Penny and Violet and go to sleep? I can sit with her.
No. This woman knows where they are, and once I find that out
I know, I know. Save the world. Save our people. All of that. She sighed heavily, But Brynna, she needs to rest, too. She looks worse than you do.
Yes, because she is probably fifty pounds lighter than me and has clearly not slept in days. Are you hungry? I asked the woman, Can I get you anything?
The woman was not looking at me anymore, not even when I spoke directly to her. Her eyes were locked on Savannahs, and after several moments during which Savannah seemed to become more and more unnerved by the womans prying, widened eyes, Savannah stood up and left the room abruptly. 
I stood up, knowing that she was rattled, and as her almost-friend, I had to stomach my own discomfort while I tried to comfort her. Though the woman we had rescued was in rather dire straits, as they say, in terms of her health, her condition did not seem to be degenerating at a rate that was even slightly alarming. 
Just as I begin to walk away, she reached out, and with a painful grip that was far beyond what I thought her strength would allow, she grasped my wrist. Her mouth opened, and out of it came a rasping half-breath, and what sounded like one word. Which word it was, I could not say, so I leaned closer to hear her better.
Ffffff. Hear wah wahSsssss Jah May Ssss Not Earth!
So, it was complete gibberish. You cannot blame me for trying to hear. Oftentimes, at moments like these in the stories I had read all my life, some stunning revelation is told, and the main character gains some deep insight, which then leads to events that could potentially change the entire ending. The disappointment I felt was punishment enough for believing that life would follow neatly and kindly the path of the stories I loved so dearly. 
Just go to sleep now. I told her softly but not very gently, I will admit. To avoid looking into her admittedly very unsettling eyes, I paid extra attention to the glass of water I was pouring for her.
You are safe here. I told her as I put the glass on the table beside her. One of our doctors will be right soon enough, and I will send her or him in to look you over. You are going to be fine. Alright. I looked around awkwardly. Bye.
I had almost made it completely out of the door. So close, and I never would have had that icy doubt thrust clear through my chest. I never would have heard the three discernible words she screamed at me as I left.
One of them! 
When I turned back around, she was lying back down, and she was so still that if it werent for the sound of her rasping breaths, I would have thought she was dead. Very slowly, I walked back over to her.
Who is? I asked her softly, Who is one of them?
But her eyes were closed, and after a minute her breathing slowed. I checked for her pulse and found that it was still beating. She was not dead, thank God or the Gods, but she was certainly asleep. 
At the door, I looked back at her. Then, I looked out into the hallway where Savannah was standing at the window. The only two people from our camp that the woman had seen were Savannah and me. If one of us was one of them 
But it was crazy. Savannah had been with us for months and had never led me to believe that she was anything but loyal. The way she shuddered every time the Bachums or Tyre were mentioned, or the fact that she sometimes still cried over the trauma of being exiled and losing her husband, the fact that she had children, both of whom could never perpetuate such a lie 
But maybe they knew nothing of it. Maybe her grief and her residual fear were acts. Maybe Savannah was a liar.
Or maybe I was very tired, and as a result, was jumping quickly to conclusions. Perhaps the woman was warning me that there was one amongst us who was one of them. I knew for a fact that there were several who were, so I did not know why I had been so rattled by what she had said. 
The only reason why you are rattled, Mauras voice said rather snidely; she had been drinking in the afterlife, is because that woman is not who she says she is.
Or maybe, I thought back, just as rudely, this projection of you in my mind needs to shut up and vanish. 
Savannah was still staring out the window of one of the free rooms. I saw that she appeared to be in a space of deep contemplation and knew what said contemplation was about: She had killed three men that day. Most people never have to make that final decision for another human being. They never have to place their finger on a trigger and pull. They never have to decide whether they are going to close their eyes after that bullet starts flying, or keep them open to see what they've done, to watch their opponent's final moments. Even when the killing is in self-defense, most good people have that moment of contemplation, and sometimes it is deep and sometimes it is shallow, but it always happens, and it is always painful.
If you are good, it is always painful. And despite our kind's penchant for discussing every last feeling that crosses our consciousness, that contemplation is better conducted in silence, alone. Once it is over, talking can be done with others. But nothing of use will be said if a third party interrupts the time between the killer who was forced and their newly departed victim.
Besides all of that, I needed to consult with James about my new suspicions. Don was lurking in the hallway, clearly looking as though he wanted to talk to me. I carefully ducked into a side hallway that would take me the long way around to Jamess room. Of course, that hallway held the room where Adam and Janna were being stowed away, and when I passed, I could not help but stop to listen. 
I am sorry for all I have done. You know that I am, Adam. You know that I love you. I might do things that speak to the contrary, but it is only when you make me.
I could kill her for leaving you in here with me. Thank the one God that the sun is coming up. I could kill her for so many things. I should kill her for what she did. I would kill anyone else. A man I would kill myself. A woman I would let you kill.
Well, I will gladly kill her. Just give me the order, and I will do it. Maybe then, you will be able to forgive me. Maybe then, we can
You will not touch her! He barked at her, and I heard her draw in a deep gasp. If she is to be dispatched from this realm, it will be me who dispatches her!
Oh, if she is to be dispatched Janna spat venomously, Hours ago, there was no if to be spoken of It was sure. I was ready to begin planning a village-wide festival to celebrate the removal of that scourge from our world. But no, now it is if You love her. It is clear that you do. Perhaps it is not romantic love, like what I thought you felt for me for all these years. But it is love, nonetheless. And is that not just so funny? King Adam, the Rexprimus of all Purissimus, in love with a human girl. With Earthean scum.
I have nothing but the upmost hatred for that girl now. You will not suggest otherwise. She is Earthean scum, but to be frank, my dear, I would take Earthean scum over a whore who disgraces not only her high position but her entire race.
I pushed the door open at that point, taking in a deep sigh, as though smelling the morning air.
My goodness, I hope this is the burn unit I said, and with great effort, I suppressed my urge to laugh at my own joke.
What are you talking about? Janna hissed at me, Unlock these restraints right now. Let us finish what we started.
Did you sleep at all? You are positively ferocious this morning. I replied sunnily, If anyone has any allowance to act in such a way, it is me. As you both know, I have been up all night protecting your village, since you two were incapacitated.
Yes, protecting the village that you endangered, you vile cow.
Oh, I much prefer Earthean scum, Adam. It is far more poetic.
He did not reply. Instead, he just glared at me, his eyes bright red. I smiled down at him as I reached for the chains around his ankles.
You should have brought your lover with you. Janna snarled at me, You will need his protection once my husband regains his strength. Look at him; he is murderous. Because of that, he will more than likely murder you the moment you
Adam had broken the restraints on the bed but had been too weak to move. Now, his strength had returned enough that he was beginning to stand. Once his feet were planted on the floor, and he had risen to his full, intimidating height, I looked up at him, my face emotionless. 
Where did the bullet hit?
My chest.
And yet you live.
Well, I am sorry. I know that is disappointing to you.
No. Merely informative. Next time, I shall aim for your head. I know you have a very large brain. In my delirium, I shot at your heart, forgetting that you do not have one.
Oh, this ridiculous metaphor that the beating organ in the chest is the center of all emotions is so trite and annoying at this point. I said with a roll of my eyes. Can we please stop perpetuating it?
His palm cupped under my chin, and his long fingers tightened.
I could crush your jaw right now. He whispered, sounding almost ravenous. His hand traveled down and constricted lightly around my windpipe. I could snap your neck just by tightening my grip. I could wrap my arms around you and break your spine in half.
But you wont. I told him, You cant. I can see that, Adam. But why?
You see nothing. I can kill you, and I will. You come into my village, take advantage of my people, work here, live here, survive here, all because I am so kind as to allow it. Then, you betray me in this way. For that, Brynna, you will suffer terribly.
We are leaving tomorrow night. The least you can do is be hospitable until then. Or perhaps you would prefer acting like an overgrown child, though I must admit that it is disturbing to see a man of your formidable muscular girth and tall stature behaving with such puerile indifference to the principles of maturity and conflict resolution.
And now you insult me? To my face, you say words against me, and you flout my power over you and every lowly, filthy creature that is of your kind? You, my darling girl, have deluded yourself into believing that I will not hurt you, and I must encourage you to think again! You have seen me fight before. You know how easily I can take a life. You have seen my strength! Pray you, remember it, because my impatience with you is ticking, and I do not need to make a public spectacle, you stupid, reckless quim! Do not think that I will not end you! Do you understand me?!
Don made it clear to you that we would be leaving peacefully tomorrow evening to avoid a public display. I replied calmly.
You say that you understand me right now, Brynna Olivier!
He pushed me back so I was against the wall, which he punched just beside my head. I did not even flinch.
We will be taking only what we need, and all items taken will be things for which we bartered legally. All of my people are going, so soon, we will be out of your hair, and you will be free to continue your honorable reign, only now it will be over a much smaller populace. What does that say about you, I wonder? What does that say about how history will remember you? Oh, that is right. There is very little history here because people do not die. There cannot be solid history without deaths to be admired or admonished. I stopped and looked up. I could have been a fortune cookie writer.
I would have laughed, but his anger was almost tangible. If he had been a full-blooded Ares, a tornado would be whipping through the village, sucking up everything in its path.
Tell me you understand. 
With a sharp, abrupt, movement, I grabbed the hand he had rested on my throat, twisted it back so that he drew in a slight breath of surprise and from the pain, twisted his arm behind his back, and forced him to his knees.
We are getting stronger, and as we get stronger, your powers may stay the same, but in a way, you are getting weaker. I said, Do not approach me with the intention of threatening my family, my people, or me. He struggled against me, and I dropped my slight weight onto his back to hold him still. 
Don has told you that we are leaving peacefully, and we will. All I ask for is the courtesy of your ignorance for one evening while we slip away. Is that so much to ask, Adam?
Oh, you are stupid... He was laughing now in utter rage. You are so very stupid, Brynna Olivier.
It is a yes or no question, Adam. Is that so much to ask?
He was silent, still trying to struggle out of my firm grasp.
Yes or no, Adam!? I shouted.
By the one God, woman I am thinking. He had hissed back at me in his typical cool sarcasm. I suppose I should say no. Because if you walk away from me tomorrow, you go to war with me. That I know you understand.
I released him, and he had stood and turned to face me.
I will destroy you, Brynna Olivier.
The way I just destroyed your ego? I beamed at him and began to walk out of the room.
No, my beauty. Your ego will be the first and most trivial thing to go. I do not just want your life anymore. Now I want your soul.
He stormed away, leaving me alone with Janna.
Wipe that smirk off your face. Janna hissed at me, You are just as young and stupid as any other girl your age, Brynna Olivier, if you think he does not mean it.
I know he means it. I replied, I am smirking, Janna Elohimson, because he was supposed to let you up. God or the Gods know I am not doing it.
Brynna! She shouted as I backed out of the door, still grinning at her as I pulled it shut behind me. Brynna Olivier, dont you dare leave me here! Brynna! Oh, you you You bitch!
Bitch, Earthean scum, cow, quim I said to myself, loudly enough so that Adam, who was at the end of the hallway could hear but not loudly enough that he would think I was speaking to him directly. Goodness, the insults just keep on coming
He did not even look back at me, and I was disappointed.
***

After I had freed James and tried to sit him up, he had complained of a severe headache, dizziness, and nausea, so I had laid him back down. For a moment, he turned over on his side, facing away from me, and when I went to aid him, he held his hand back to tell me to stay where I was. Once, he gagged, and I jumped up to grab the trash can in the corner, but he grasped my wrist to stop me from going.
Im fine. He muttered weakly, I just cant get up yet.
From behind him, I slid one arm under his neck and laid the other over his arm. After kissing his cheek twice, I nestled my head between his shoulder and jaw, against his neck. I remembered the after-effects of being scratched by the trebestia almost as well as I remembered the actual illness. Because the venom had gone directly into my bloodstream, I had been bed-ridden for days with the actual illness and should have remained in bed while the after-effects worked through my system. James would more than likely begin feeling alright soon, but still, I felt terribly for him. 
I am going to get you some water, and if you dont drink it, I am going to beat you. I kissed his neck and stood up. 
He groaned and brought his knees closer to his chest.
I will drink the water only if you turn out the light. Its murdering me. Oh, God, Im being murdered by a light He moaned again and rubbed his eyes, Im dying, Brynna. I know it.
Sweetheart, I sympathize with your plight greatly. Believe me, I do. But you are such a man right now. Im experiencing discomfort, hold me, heal me, love me!
He laughed and then grimaced.
Dont make me laugh. Thats murdering me, too. Im being murdered by laughter.
You are not being murdered. You are just a drama queen, as they say.
Youre a drama queen. He murmured, thinking I could not hear him.
What was that? I snapped at him jokingly.
I said youre beautiful. He replied, without missing a beat. 
You did not, you sad, pathetic man. I slid my arm under his head and sat him up to help him drink the water I had gotten him.
There is ginger in it. That should help settle your stomach. In a few minutes, I will go make you some coffee. That helped my headache tremendously when I was recovering from this same ailment, as Violet can attest.
Coffee and headache relief I remember that from a long time ago. Dont you?
I smiled, feeling a strange mixture of delight at the memory and painful nostalgia for that time and that place. 
I do. I remember Dr. Oz coming back with the coffee. I remember scowling at you a great deal.
He laughed again, but after just a second, his eyebrows creased and his eyes closed. 
Sorry. I am so sorry. I apologized, kissing him quickly.
No. Its okay. I was grimacing not from the headache but from the memories of your scowls. They were scary.
You were scary. I did not trust you as far as I could throw you, as they say, which in those days, before your remarkable muscular gain, was very far. So, I suppose I could trust you.
He laughed again, this time more hysterically.
I am not even sorry this time. You must try to control yourself. I take no personal responsibility in your pain at all.
I love you. He told me, after the pain had subsided. I love you, and as soon as we leave here and find someplace safe, I am going to make sweet, passionate, wild, insane, glorious love to you, because everything that has happened today has convinced me that I can never let you go one day without knowing how much I love you. 
Before I could reply, he reached up and rested his hand on my cheek.
I lived a thousand years without you, a thousand different times, in hundreds of different ways. Most of the time, you had died, and that was the worst, because I saw not only how I would grieve for you but how Penny and Violet would. Other times, we had broken up, you had left to live somewhere else, you had been taken away from me, or you were with him. I tried to tell myself that it wasnt real, but what I felt was so real. It He stopped, Never mind.
What, honey? I pressed him.
I dont know.
Yes, you do.
I dont.
Just say it.
He sighed but finally did say it.
It broke me, Brynna. Nothing was ever the same again.
I pulled him closer to me and kissed him. When I pulled away, I laid my hand on his cheek and ran my thumb continuously over his stubble.
No worries, okay? I said, and he laughed softly. Not one. You got it?
With great effort, he closed the space between us and kissed me back.
Got it.
***

Later that morning, Savannah and I helped James walk out into the sunshine. Wearing his aviator sunglasses and sporting that tousled, just-out-of-bed hairstyle, he looked like a rugged, All-American, perfectly middle-aged male model, and I could not help but laugh to myself.
Are you laughing at the fact that I need you two ladies to help me walk? 
No. I am laughing at the fact that you are painfully good-looking, even when you do not try to be. Even when you are very sick.
He looked down at me and grinned.
Look at how nice youre being to me today. I should get sick more often.
Shut up, James. I replied through a laugh.
There it is! He said, and I laughed again. 
Oh, just get married, you two! Nick said wearily behind us. You two are so sickeningly cute and affectionate, I could throw up. Literally. I feel like I am going to throw up He turned to the side and dry-heaved, causing me to bury my face in Jamess chest to avoid seeing him vomit. The sound of it splattering onto the ground was enough; I covered my ears to stop myself from gagging. When he was done, there was a long silence in our group, broken only by the sounds of Alices soft cries.
Okay, so no more being cute and affectionate. James informed me, deadpan, after Nick finished throwing up. I laughed, as always.
Does that mean I should take my arm from around you? Let you walk by
No. 
I giggled again.
You two really should just get married, though, despite what Nicks vomiting would have us believe. Violet told us, But James has to ask me for permission!
Why you? I asked.
I dont know, because Dads not here and Eli sucks. That leaves me!
But considering that you just told us that we should get married, we already know what you are going to say. I replied.
It doesnt matter! James, you have to ask my permission before you can marry Brynn.
Duly noted, darlin. Brynn has to give me reason to ask for permission.
Maybe when we get to wherever we are going.
Ooh, that sounded mysterious. Like were going on a quest. Like were looking for Narnia, or something. Violet said, and then her head snapped in my direction, and I found that she looked utterly dumbfounded. Wait, what?!
Yeah, seriously. Wait, what?! James echoed her. 
I said nothing. You heard nothing. I am just tired and still experiencing the fear for his life that I felt last night, so I am saying the first disgustingly sentimental things that pop into my head. I simply need a nap, and then I will admonish myself for saying something so out of character.
Oh, Brynna We will talk about this later. Savannah sighed.
My jovial mood immediately turned sour when she spoke. All morning long, I had been avoiding her, but when James had been unable to walk on his own, I had been forced to ask for her assistance. I was surprised that with her astute observational abilities honed so effectively over her long career that she could not gather how uncomfortable I was in her presence; I did not know how she could not tell that something had changed between us.
When we returned home, Violet turned to me and opened her mouth to speak.
Of course he can stay with us, but he sleeps on the couch, Violet Mae.
Yay! She exclaimed, and she threw her arms around Nicks neck and squeezed, burrowing her head against his and squeezing her eyes shut as she grinned.
Oh, for the sake of God or the Gods I murmured, I have a feeling I just wrote the beginning of an episode for Teen Mom.
James burst out laughing, and Violet frowned at us.
What did she say, James?
Nothing. Nothing at all. Sometimes, shes just funny for no reason.
Shut up, James. Violet said.
There it is again!
Savannah left us alone after we had laid him down on the bed in our room.
I am going to get you some coffee, and then I am going to go get Alice and Quinn.
Youre so tired, baby. I should be doing all this. 
You most certainly should not, and I am not that tired. I still have plenty of adrenaline stored up from last night. It is slowly releasing itself into my system, and I am fine.
As soon as you get back, I want you to come in here and go to sleep.
Are you demanding that I sleep, James Maxwell? Would you dare to assert yourself so aggressively by demanding that I obey your commands?
Yes, I am demanding it, and yes, I do dare to He sighed heavily, and rubbed his eyes, before finishing his sentence, do whatever it is that you just said, Brynna Olivier, and you can scowl all you want, but I am only demanding that you sleep out of love and concern for my beloved and potentially future betrothed.
Was that you attempting to talk like me? I asked, and I covered my mouth as I laughed somewhat hysterically.
It was, and why dont you just cackle at my temporary stupidity, you evil woman?
Why dont I? I replied, and I uncovered my mouth and laughed harder. Oh, I positively adore you, James Maxwell. Truly, I do. I kissed him rather hard, broke free from that kiss with an obnoxious lip smacking sound, and left the room, holding my stomach because I was laughing so hard.
I adore you when youre not picking on me while Im vulnerable! He shouted after me, and I laughed even harder.
***

Quinn and Alice were brought back to our house, and after Alice had cried for at least a half hour with her face rather awkwardly buried in my chest, she fell asleep, and I could finally consider lying down beside James. As I laid Alice back on the couch beside Quinn, I pictured stripping out of my sweaty, mud-covered clothes and being engulfed in the steam and blissfully blistering hot water of our shower. I thought so passionately of the smell of the honey and vanilla soap and coconut shampoo. I could almost feel the rush of cold air that would envelop me once I switched the shower off and stepped back into my bedroom, how that cold air would dry the sweat from my glistening clean skin After I had washed off the grime that had accumulated over the previous twenty-four hours, I would slide on my favorite soft shorts and tank top, and crawl into bed with James. I would lay my head on his strong chest, and listen to his slow, monotonous breaths come in and out as he breathed. Because he was a light sleeper, he would know that I had finally come to bed, and his strong arms would wrap around me, holding me to him as I drifted off to sleep
Of course, all of that would have happened, if there had not been a most unwelcome knock on my door. Savannah was at her house, packing up all that she, Ellie, and Oliver needed to bring with them on our journey. I suspected that it was her, and that nagging suspicion gripped me, erasing all of those pleasant ideas of what the rest of my day would be like. But when I opened the door, I found, to my great surprise, that it was not Savannah but Don.
Hey. He said, and that was all. I raised my eyebrows at him, telling him without words that I was expecting some reason for his appearance on my doorstep, but he didnt answer.
Hello, Donald. No, you cannot come in. I have six people here who are fast asleep. But I can come outside.
I stepped out of the door and closed it behind me quietly, so as not to wake the others. 
I cant stress to you just how much I am on your side in this. He told me, looking into my eyes intently. I have been thinking that breaking from Adam is necessary for a long time now. Im sick of being under his thumb. We were ruled by people like him on Earth, and I dont think we should have to suffer through that here. Not when weve been given this second chance.
I agree. Is that all?
No. He looked at me, You do understand, Brynna, that the only way to break from Adam is to beat him, and the only way to beat him is to win this war.
He started this war. Our victory in it will do nothing but start the next phase of it. The first phase is us versus the Old Spirits. The second phase is Adam versus us. Our winning the war will do nothing to stop his hatred of us. It will not beat him. It will merely encourage him to beat us.
No. I dont think so. Hes enmeshed in this now. Hes emotionally invested, though I dont know why. It might just be because he hates Tyre so much I dont know. But whatever the reason, if we are the ones who kill Tyre and Rich Bachum and Paul, and all of their loyal supporters, well have done what Adam has been unable to do all these thousands of years.
And what? After thousands of years of being king, he will bow down to us? Say that we are now the leaders of Pangaea? We, the lowly Earthean scum?
He wont be able to think those things anymore.
So, let me get this straight, as they say You came all the way over here, when you are still visibly woozy from your illness, to convince me that we must do Adams bidding in order to win back his good favor?
No. I came here to tell you that we need to end this war, and that by doing so, Adam will, hopefully, leave us alone, and we can finally live in peace here. And Im also here to tell you that the only way to go about doing that is to talk to the woman you brought in. The one they led you to believe was your
Thank you. We do not need to discuss that.
Im sorry. We dont have to discuss what I almost just said. But we do have to discuss the woman.
She is physically incapable of talking, Don. She is missing half her tongue. When I tried to get any kind of answer out of her, she just stared at me and cried or scowled. Of course, she has every right to cry and scowl after what she has been through. I have not seen such terrible physical mutilation since you and your thugs very cruelly tortured and killed Maura.
His head snapped in my direction, and in my peripheral vision, I saw that his eyes were wide.
I thought you had forgiven me for that. I thought you had understood that I had lost control, and that
I understand those things, Don, but I do not accept them. I told you that I would never forgive you nor would I ever forget what you did. But that is not what we are discussing right now. We are discussing this woman, who more than likely knows nothing, but has certainly had a very rough time of it here of late. Therefore, we should not be disturbing her, asking her for answers to our questions that she does not have. And now my thoughts have come full circle, because Maura more than likely knew nothing, but had certainly had a rough time, and you asked her for answers that she did not have.
Brynna, shes the only chance we have. We have to try.
No, Don, we dont. What can she possibly tell us that we dont already know?
Savannah came up the stairs at that point, and immediately, she backed up a few steps, seemingly stunned to find Don where she had been least expecting him.
Stay away from me. Dont talk to me. She told him fiercely.
Im not going to. Think about what I said, Brynna. That woman is the only link we have to answers. Who knows what she has overheard? Who knows what she can tell us? Meet me at the infirmary in three hours. Try to get some sleep.
Don, we have much more important things to be doing if we are going to be leaving tomorrow night!
Yeah, really. Savannah added, Bullying answers out of some poor woman who has been through hell? Well, its not surprising that you would want to do that, Don, given your history. Just leave her alone. She needs nothing now but rest and peace and quiet. Let her be.
Three hours, Brynna. Trust me, she is going to tell us so much that we need to know. I know she will.
If anyone were to know anything in certainty, it would be me.
Three hours, and thats an order.
An order? An order?! Now youre ordering me around? Now you are demanding that I follow after you like I am your scrappy, obedient sidekick?
If you want to think of it that way, thats your own problem. But you are my second-in-command, so I am your boss, so if you want to keep your job, I recommend you meet me at the infirmary in three hours. Clocks ticking; go get some sleep.
He kept walking, and I looked at Savannah.
You dont honestly think that woman can tell us anything, do you? She asked.
I dont think that she can physically speak, but I do think that she might know some tidbits about their daily lives, all of which are completely unimportant. Also, may I point out, that if she were a man, Don would not even be thinking of bothering her with questions?
Of course not.
Silence fell between us, and as the awkwardness of it prickled my skin and left me feeling a great urge to run away, Savannah looked at me, her face lacking any emotion but a resolute determination to get to the truth.
What did she say? 
Her voice was quiet, filled with dread, and my suspicions came that much closer to being confirmed.
Why? Is there something you should tell me before I tell you what she said, Savannah?
Of course not, Brynna, and deep down, you know that. What did Mary Beth say?
Oh, so you do know her. I had suspected that you did. Rather, I had suspected that she knew you. While I appreciated that she was under extreme stress, I knew that her fixation on you was peculiar.
She knows me, because we were neighbors up north in the mountains. Thats all.
I ignored her and continued talking.
As you can recall, her eyes were wide, and she was gasping, which was an obvious indication that she was under a great amount of emotional stress, specifically that she was very afraid. You probably did not hear this, as your powers are only just now forming, but her heart was beating at an alarmingly quick rate
The things they tell us about all of you are terrible, Brynna. She was just afraid that we were
She was fixated on you. Absolutely unable to look away. And as she looked at you, her heart started beating even more quickly. I know that you remember the look she was giving you, Savannah, because you had to leave the room to escape it. So that suggests that even if what she told me after you left is true, you are not impervious to all of it. It still affects you.
What did she say, Brynna? She asked me again, and now, she was starting to get upset again. The tears streaming down her pale face were being wiped away quickly by her shaking hands. Her mind was synced perfectly with her heart, and I could feel her fear that I would turn her over to Don again, and what would happen to her children then? What would happen to her? She had not done anything. Really, she hadnt. Mary Beth was lying because of what had happened
After you left, she said one of them. I told her, thinking that perhaps if I just said it, she would stop crying, and my discomfort would dissipate as a result.
One of them? She asked, and after a quick sniffle and another wipe of her tears, she laughed somewhat heartily. Thats it?
Yes, I said, perturbed by her sudden change, Thats it. Is that not bad enough?
No, its not, and thats why its funny. She could have said so many other things about what happened between us. When we were getting exiled, she and her family were also up for exile. Tyre said that whichever one of us could argue best why the other family should go would be able to stay. Mary Beth did all the talking for her family and said that we had done all sorts of immoral things, like stealing from the stored crops, praising all of you to children in the camp, trying to convert people to your ways and run away All sorts of utterly ludicrous things. Tyre didnt believe her and said she would be exiled for lying. When it was our turn, despite everything Mary Beth had said, Ronnie said we would not say anything against them. But I told the truth. Mary Beth was sleeping with Paul, when she and Paul were both married. Paul got nothing but a slap on the wrist, and Mary Beth got locked up for six weeks. We still got exiled, Ronnie was livid that I had stooped to such a level to save us from those peoplehe wanted to leave; he was glad we were being exiledbut I had only been thinking of our children. I didnt want Mary Beth to have told you about that. I wanted to tell you myself. I wanted you to know how guilty I feel about it and how if I had known then what I know now, I would take it back. It was wrong of me to speak up. Phil had been right; if we had just been quiet and let them exile us, we would have beaten them in our own little way.
That is what you were afraid she had told me? I asked, crossing my arms over my chest. I remained unconvinced that that was all there was to Mary Beths proclamation.
Was I afraid that she had told you how I heartlessly outed the fact that she was having an adulterous affair, and with a member of their nobility, no less, when that generally meant execution? Did I want you to know that I knowingly almost sent a woman to her death? Of course I was, and of course I didnt!
She turned away from me, crying again.
Look at her now. Look at what theyve done to her. And God only knows what happened to her husband and children. They might be dead, for all I know. If they are, its my fault, because if I hadnt said anything about her and Paul, they would have only been exiled. They would have had a chance. A slight one, but a chance nonetheless. She paused for a long time, and I narrowed my eyes at her back, trying to read her mind. Once again, I picked up only her guilt-ridden thoughts and after venturing further, I came across her heart that was besieged with regret. 
If you were going to hear all of this, She said with a final wipe of her eyes, I wanted it to be from me.
Is there anything else she can tell me that you dont want me to know, Savannah?
No. There is nothing she can tell you at all. I promise. They would never let her know anything or even overhear anything. Even Mary Bachum and Pauls wife and Tyres wife dont know or overhear anything. Mary Beth is just a civilian, and even when she was their prisoner, they wouldnt have let her overhear anything.
Well, she can at least tell us if there were any discernible landmarks in the forest that could tell us the whereabouts of their camp.
Landmarks in the forest? Like trees? She asked, and I scowled at her more darkly than I intended. Im sorry, but you know its true. Plus, how do we even know theyre still there? After the trebestia attacked them, they probably high-tailed it out of there. Theres no place safe in the woods.
Yes, but they might be as incapacitated as we are currently. In fact, I am almost certain that they are. If they feel it is a suitably ethical practice to attack while their opponents are completely incapacitated, then we will think the same.
Did you learn nothing from the story I just told you?
If you are suggesting that we should not stoop to their level, as you said earlier, then you are in far greater need of rest than I am. On that note, I am going to try to take a nap for the next two hours and forty-three minutes. If you would like to come hear what Mary Beth has to say, then meet us at the infirmary.
Brynna She grasped my wrist before I could get even halfway through the doorway.
What?
Dont let this change our relationship. Please. Things were going well before tonight, and now youre pushing me away. It cant all be because Mary Beth said what she said. It has to be because
Because what? Youve gotten close to me? There was a certain degree of vulnerability that was exhibited on both our parts last night? Your age and your demeanor and the fact that you have children remind me of my mother, whom I believed for a brief moment was still alive? Do not be such a psychologist for a few minutes. It has nothing to do with any of that. It is just suspicion, and after I rest, it will more than likely dissolve. Well, as long as Mary Beth doesnt have any more stories to tell. I will see you later.
I closed the door before she could respond. Carefully, I maneuvered through the living room full of sleeping children. Violet and Nick were cuddled together on the couch; I knew she was positively delighted that James and I had said he could sleep over. Alice and Quinn could not share a couch because Alice moved around too much, and she would have pushed Quinn right off onto the floor, so he slept on the floor beside her. Alice was lying on her stomach, her hand pressed into Quinns chest, and his hand was rested over hers. After pulling the blankets up on them all and opening the window a little more so the breeze could cool the room, I turned the lock on the door and slunk off to check on Penny.
Violet had said that she had slept for only a couple of hours over the course of the night because she had been afraid.
She just kept saying she missed you and James, and that she wouldnt go to sleep until you got back. Violet had told me when I had sprung her and Penny from their temporary prison. I was like, What am I, chopped liver? What does that expression mean, anyway? 
I walked past Violets open door and saw that Elijah had left. Begrudgingly, I had allowed him to sleep over, but only after James had insisted that we all stick together, despite all that had occurred. If he had known that Elijah had been the one to push me into the woods, he never would have asked that of me. Elijah had snuck off to be with Janna, no doubt; I had made a point to mention that I had not freed her from the restraints of her hospital bed. 
When I opened Pennys door, I immediately panicked. She was not burrowed beneath the sunflower-print quilt that Eury had made for her, where I found her every morning when I woke her up for school. She was not playing with her action figures and dolls in the corner, where I often found her on weekend mornings or late at night when she was supposed to be sleeping. My heart skipped several beats, and I could see steadily growing black clouds thumping outwards in the corner of my eyes with each of those beats. Though action was called for, I could not move. Every limb was frozen, every possible movement unfathomable.
I dont just want your life now, he had said, Now I want your soul.
He wouldnt. He couldnt. Penny was best friends with his son. She had played at their house so many times. Plus, Adam could not hurt a child, even if it was the only way to truly cripple me, to truly have my soul
When I felt hands on my shoulders, I jumped and spun around, swinging my fist as hard as I could at the exact height that I would need to reach if I were going to punch him in the head. But it was not Adam, the giant, standing there behind me; it was James, the half-giant, so my punch was too high, at the crown of his head, not in his cheek, where I would have wanted to strike Adam, had it been him behind me. James ducked easily to avoid being struck by me.
Its okay. Shes with me. She came in to sleep in bed with us. Thats all. Shes fine. Shes fine. I promise, shes fine.
This is true of humans as well as us, so you might be familiar with this, but when adrenaline drains from ones body very quickly, which only occurs when it has found no target on which to wield its power, it leaves a sickening heaviness and undeniable urge to cry or scream. My body collapsed into his, and even though my face was in his chest, I was still covering it with both of my hands as I started crying. Though there were many tears streaming down my face, I bit my lip to stop myself from making a sound. James was apologizing, telling me he should have gotten up and told me so I didnt panic, and I was shaking my head. He told me not to worry, that no one was going to hurt Penny, he would never let that happen, not ever, and no one was ever going to hurt me, either. Not any of the Old Spirits. Not Adam. I nodded.
I know. I told him, and I raised my head from his chest so I could press my face against his neck. I know, James.
He lifted me up, and his arms trembled because he was still so weak. But despite his weakness, he carried me into the bedroom, and laid me down on his side of the bed, because Penny was lying on mine. 
I need to take a shower. Im disgusting. I probably smell like one-part dumpster and one-part sweaty adolescent boy who hasnt yet discovered deodorant and just left a particularly grueling gym class. I dont even want to make a clever simile for what I must look like.
He laughed at that.
You smell like the spring time breeze and the perfume counter at a department store. And your beauty is so divine, I am going blind.
I laughed through my tears and swiped them away.
How do you always make me laugh, even when my mind is set on being annoyingly hysterical?
It is my gift. Its my gift to you. He told me, No, seriously, its your Christmas and birthday gifts from now until the end of time. I hope it doesnt get old.
It will never get old.
I doubt that. Now, come. I once again will draw you a royal bath, though I will not be joining you in your divine bathing, for I must keep watch over the castle, for I am both your King, though you rule me, and your Knight, always at your command. And you are our Queen and Champion!
That was much better! I told him through a soft laugh as he lifted me into his arms.
Yes, that tea and coffee have re-established my ability to mimic you. I know, I know; contain your joy. It was looking pretty dire there for a while. It was looking like I had lost that ability forever. He turned on the bath, and I smiled at him.
I wish one of them were awake so they could keep watch over the castle.
Why? Does the sight of me so disheveled and sickly, coupled with my mimicry of your brilliant way of speaking arouse you?
Yes, it does. Actually. I replied instantly, looking at him in the mirror and grinning as I started pulling my shirt off. But there is nothing to be done about that now. Until we are safe, it would be foolhardy to engage our bodies in any of the various forms of copulation, be it with our hands I ran my hand over the front of his boxers, and his entire body tensed, our mouths Slowly, I licked his neck, and then kissed my way up to his lips, all the while rubbing my hand over the stiffening bulge in his boxers, or I dropped my hips to rub against his, gently at first, but then a little harder. 
Baby, you keep talking like that and
What? What will you do, James? I asked, and I stood on my tiptoes to whisper in his ear, We have advanced hearing and astute instincts, you know. And I have the gift of foresight. If he is going to come here, we will know, one way or another.
You need to sleep. Youre exhausted.
I am not going to sleep until we are safely nestled away in a new place, far from him.
Brynna He said, and his voice was very firm. You need to rest. And when you wake up, you need to eat.
James I said, and I kissed him deeply, You know I appreciate your concern. But shut up, kiss me, and then take off your clothes.
Oh, my God. He murmured breathlessly. Youre making it impossible for me to speak firmly to you and tell you that you need to slow down. And sleep. And
I will. I promise. Just not now. I will as soon as were safe. I promise.
What about
Penny is sound asleep. We must be discreet, of course, but she is in a dream world far from us, and she will be there for a long time. I told him, But if you would rather not I pulled away from him and walked to the bath, where I turned off the bathwater. All the while, I could feel him watching me, feel his internal temperature spiking, his lust rising, his hands practically tingling to touch me. I would hate to pressure you. You know that I am practically insatiable, but that gives me no right to
Come here, Champion Woman! He rushed to me and pulled me back to him, and I laughed raucously, and then we were both shushing each other, and then we were laughing even harder. He spun me around so my butt was pressed into the sink as my hands furiously reached down and pushed his boxers to the floor. 
Nothing else. I tell him, Im ready. Just do it.
And he did. I was sitting on the counter, my legs spread and wrapped around him, my ankles crossed behind him, and I was leaning back on my elbows. His hands were grasping my hips, pulling me to him while he was simultaneously thrusting into me. We were both exhausted, and he was still sick, but we gave it everything that night. Maybe we knew then. I know that I did. Even if my mind had not accepted the transmission from beyond yet, my heart knew of what was to come. After we had both finished rather gloriously, I found that I was crying. At first, it was just tears falling from my eyes, and my breaths coming in a little more deeply and being expelled a little more quickly. But then, I was whimpering, and pulling him to me, holding onto him with the very last bit of my strength.
Hey What is it, sweetheart? He asked so gently that I cried a little harder, Did I hurt you?
I shook my head, and I wanted to tighten my hold on him even more, but I did not have the strength to do it. 
Just dont leave me, okay? I managed to whisper through my tears, You can listen for anything bad happening from in here. Just dont go, James. Please. Stay with me.
Yes. My heart knew. 	
Yeah. He pulled away from me and kissed my forehead, Of course, baby. Ill stay right here with you. Come on. 
We had both been quick, so the water was still scorching hot, just the way I liked it. I stepped into the bathtub and lowered myself down, holding onto his hand all the while. He only left to get me water, because it had been so long since I had eaten or drank anything. While he was gone, I washed my hair and scrubbed myself down with the vanilla lavender oil soap. While he was gone, I berated myself internally until my tears stopped out of pure shame. Ever since I had returned from my time in the woods with Adam, I had been uncharacteristically emotional, and it was not alright. In those newly very troubled times, I would regain my former unbreakable composure, my ice that was incapable of being shattered. I would still be a loving girlfriend to James, a loving mother to Penny, and a loving sister-mother to Violet, Quinn, Alice, and Nick, but I would also start being strong again.
When James returned, he sat beside me, and I drank the water down that he had brought me quickly, not having realized how thirsty I was until I wasnt thirsty anymore. My body was rested back in the hot water, and I felt so calm suddenly. The tension of the day was sweating out of me, and every muscle in my body was loosening. With the tips of his fingers, he was pushing my hair away from my face, and I was looking at him, smiling slightly, blinking slowly, suddenly so very tired.
Youve gotta slow yourself down, baby. He said, returning to the topic of my self-inflicted sleep deprivation because he knew that I would more than likely listen now. I know youre worried sick. I know theres a lot to do. Believe me, I know how bad everything is right now. But youre not a machine, sweetheart. 
Theres too much to do, James. We have so much to pack, and so much to plan for.
I know. But you havent slept in over a day. Youve barely been sleeping at all lately. Youre already starting to look sick. You need to sleep now.
I cant, James. I said, Its all on me now. Dont you see that? I caused this, and I have to get our people out of this. I couldnt bear it if he hurt them because of something I did. If anyone is going to bear his punishment for this, it will be me, and
It will not be you. He whispered fiercely, his eyes burning into mine, Do you understand me? I will never let him hurt you. Were so strong now, baby. Were stronger than him. And I love you so much. I would die for you. Do you hear me? 
I nodded, and tears rushed into my eyes but I quickly wiped them away. 
I dont want it to come to that. I told him, trying and failing to keep my voice steady, Because what if were not stronger than him, and I lose you? I cant. Not now.
He reached down into the water, took my hand, and held his lips to it for a long time. 
No worries, baby. He said, Not one. You got it? 
When I smiled, he smiled, too, and when I nodded, he kissed my hand again.
Good. Now, lets get you to bed. 
For once, I didn't get defensive. But then, I knew that he was right, and he was merely voicing his concern because he loved me and did not want to see my stubborn refusal to adhere to my body's needs and cries for mercy make me sick the way I had been after I had returned from carrying Adam.
Over the course of our conversation, heavy drowsiness had settled on me, and my body sensed that that exhaustion was there to stay. With gentle ease, James dressed me, and after I had quickly brushed my hair, he laid me down beside Penny in our bed. When he covered me up, I was beginning to feel an almost abnormally heavy sleep settling in for a stay. Awareness was fleeing, and when I turned my head in the direction I last knew he had been, I murmured that I loved him.
When his lips pressed to my forehead, a smile spread delicately across my lips, and that gentle warmth enveloped me in such a soothing blanket of comfort and peace, I almost opened my eyes just to see his face.
I was too tired, though, to actually do that. But I did hear him speak.
I love you, too, baby. More than you know. More than you could ever know. And Im going to take care of you. He kissed my forehead, and then whispered in my ear, We are going to get out of this. I promise. 
***

Darkness enveloped me, and in my dreams, Adam was bellowing in my face through a thin fog and squeezing my throat, telling me in his rage that I had led them there, that I had lied to him again, that Janna said I knew about this... But about what? I did not know what it was that I supposedly knew, but I was aware of the fact that I was dreaming, and yet his hands around my throat were constricting even more tightly, and I could not breathe...
I could not wake completely, either. My eyelids simply refused to open, despite how much force I was using to try to pull them apart. Panic gripped me and convinced me that I had died, he had killed me. My physical overpowering of him had convinced him that he had to kill me while I was asleep, otherwise it could not be done. Far off in the distance, I could have sworn that I heard Penny screaming. Tears built up behind my closed eyelids, and somehow, they seeped through. I could feel them streaming down my cheeks. She had seen. She had watched him kill me. Where was James? Had Adam killed him, too? Had Penny seen Adam kill James?
The trauma of seeing the two people she loved most in the world killed would be too much for her young mind. Adam had said that Penny may still age a few years, but that she would never surpass my fixed age. She would be stuck permanently in adolescence, where there were enough negative and tumultuous feelings without actual trauma to make her suffer. In what was perhaps the most cruel and torturous aspect of it all was the fact that Penny would become exactly like me, imprisoned by past traumas and believing herself to be incapable of breaking free from them. Already, I was praying that she found whatever inner strength I had had for so many years, whatever had helped me deal with it, but then, the only reason why I had dealt with it all was because I loved her so much
Penny I whispered, and after a second, my raspy voice strengthened, Penny!
I was stuck in purgatory, surely, in what was perhaps the same hellish realm inhabited by those who were turned into Shadows. I could feel the warmth of the living realm, I could almost reach it, reach her, but it was just one inch away from my reaching fingers, she was just one inch from my longing embrace; her ears were just out of the reach of my voice, so I could not tell her that everything would be alright, that she was strong, she would live, Violet would take care of her, James and I would be okay
Was I dead, or was I drugged? If I were the latter, who could have drugged me? The last memory I could recall had been of James lying me down in bed, when my entire body had been so weighed down by heaviness and exhaustion, and he had made me sleep some of it off I had to be dead. There was no other reason for my inability to wake or for my racing, nearly-conscious thoughts. 
This is what happens, an icily cold voice that was not my own told me, when you live the way you have. After its all over, you stay forever stuck in your body, with a conscious mind, just thinking, thinking, thinking, but unable to move or speak. Just buried deep in the ground for years and years and years, feeling life just above you but so far out of your reach This is what you deserve. 
I tried to use my power, my coveted power, to see ahead or to see backwards, I could not be sure; I didnt know where I was relative to space and time. Still, I covered my mind with a sheet of even blacker darkness and tried to See.
Torches in the woods, at least one hundred of them. How could we have known that their numbers were so many? All men, the faces of whom were distorted in blurs that made their black eyes elongate, save for a few: I could see Rich, Paul, and my father clearly. I could see the vastness of their mob clearly. All men, except for one. 
When I awoke with a start, I was blinded by a harsh bright light and a cold voice.
Well, good morning. The lone female said, We were beginning to worry he had done severe, irreparable damage. But I am glad to see that that is not the case, and I am thrilled to finally meet you, the famous Brynna Olivier. Or should I say 'infamous?' You're the expert in these matters, I'm told. What do you think?
My head jerked forward, and I struggled to stand, only to find that my hands were cuffed behind the chair in which I had been placed.
What My mind was still so foggy, What are you talking Who
I stopped before I had asked the question completely, because I already knew who she was.
Perfectly coiffed, long brown hair; a jack-o-lantern grin; bright blue eyes surrounded by crows feet; large golden cross perched between her prominent breasts... How could I not have known?
Mary Bachum.

Quinn

Quinn! Alice! Get up!
James was pulling us up onto our feet before we were even fully awake. I thumped back onto the floor, but Alice was standing up, her eyes wide, her hands flying up to push her hair away from her eyes. Being pulled out of her sleep was enough to scare her quite a bit. She was shaking and breathing heavily, but already starting to calm herself down. I jumped up and embraced her.
Dont take anything. Not even food. Violet! Nick! James called out into the living room, Not even food!
What?! James, what if we
Then youll catch it, or find it, or make it. Dont argue, Violet! Just put Pennys coat on, and lets go! Both of you get your coats on. Thats all you can take.
What? Alice asked, James, whats
Theyre here. Theyre coming in from the north. At least a hundred of them. A hundred guys are coming in. Now lets go. 
I was too frazzled from being woken up so suddenly that I didnt ask questions. But once we saw Nick scrambling around, trying to find Pennys shoes and Violet fastening Pennys coat while Penny cried and cried, I finally spoke up.
Where is Brynna?
Shes here. He replied quietly, looking furtively over his shoulder at Penny to make sure she wasnt listening. Even though she wasnt, his voice dropped to barely a whisper. Shes not waking up. Im going to have to carry her out.
What do you mean, shes not waking up?! Alice demanded hysterically, tears rushing into her eyes, Is she
Shh! James hissed, I will get her, but I need to get you all out first! That is what she and I planned to do, if this ever happened.
So, go get her and lets go! I ordered.
No. Ill come back for her. Im getting you all out first, just like she and I agreed, and then Ill come back for her.
James! Violet exclaimed, Just bring her now! Why would you wait?!
Goddamn it, Violet, how many times has she told you to stop arguing and just do what youre told!? He shouted at her. It was the first time he had ever shouted at her. That was actually the first time in my entire two years of knowing him that I had seen him so agitated, so out of control. 
She and I planned for this! If one of us was incapable of going, we would get all of you out first, and then come back! For once, just stop arguing and do what we say!
Violet opened her mouth to yell back, but Nick grasped her arm.
Hes right. Now lets go.
We were out in the freezing night air, walking as quickly as we could. We passed Tony and Tom, who were hurrying other families along, mostly those with children and elderly people. 
Its ten klicks out, Tom told James quickly, If you sidestep the three hives.
Straight out, right?
Straight out. The three paths converge right into it. Tony replied, Where is Brynna?!
Shes sick. I dont know. She wouldnt wake up. Im going back for her.
Should we stay?
No. You guys go. If you get caught here once they take over James started.
It doesnt matter, James. Tony said, If we can try to hold them off
No. Its okay. Were not going to try to hold them off. Were just going to go. Just like we planned when it was Adam out to kill us. Right?
They both nodded. 
Well see you there, man. All of you.
Violet blew them both kisses, and then she furiously wiped away the tears that were streaming down her cheeks. As James hugged Tony and Tom, and we all said our hopefully temporary goodbyes to them, my eyes were locked on one of the kids in the group that Tony and Tom were leading out of the village. He was grasping the arm of an old man and peeking out only slightly from behind him. Still, even being almost completely hidden, I could see him staring up at me with widened eyes. He wasnt crying, though he was obviously very afraid. For some reason, I felt compelled to look at Violet, and when I looked at her, I saw that she was looking at the boy, too. There was something about him. Maybe it was because he wasnt crying. Maybe it was because the only sign of his fear were his wide eyes that were lighter brown than any I had ever seen before. Maybe it was because he was gripping his grandfathers hand so tightly. We both pitied him, even though he was the one out of his siblings who was most composed. Still, despite his exterior calm, I could not shake the feeling the look in his eyes had given me; even after we had walked in separate directions, I could still see that look in the darkness.
Im scared, James. I heard Violet whisper very quietly after she had caught up to walk beside him. Her arms linked around one of his, and I watched James kiss her head twice. Clearly, there were no hard feelings between them after their earlier moment of disagreement.
Theyll be alright. He assured her softly, Well be alright. Brynna and I planned for this, okay?
Violet nodded. 
Weve been lining these small paths to it with ash to keep the tree-beasts out. Theyll be along the path, and theyll try to reach over, or to startle you into falling over the path. You just have to walk. Just keep going until you reach it.
Reach what, James? Alice asked.
Reach the bunkers. 
The bunkers? When did you all find bunkers? How did you find them?
Sarah and Jaison took all of us there when they were leading the security group one day. What do you think I did in my Security job before I was put on Training but plan for the downfall of our peaceful state of living? We found three separate paths that converge into it, and once youre there, go inside, and go as far down as you can. You got it? Were trying to stagger people along each path so they dont get too crowded. Weve already gotten a bunch of people out over the previous days when we thought it was just Adam.
How come we didnt know about this? I demanded. Alice and I were on security detail, and we didnt know a thing about their escape plan.
Because it was only a few of us that could know. A couple Pangaeans, a couple of us. We always knew this wouldnt last long. Alright, were here. Now just stay in single file. Quinn, Nick, keep the girls in the middle. Penny, you hold onto either Violet or Allie, whoevers in front of you.
James Penny threw her arms around his middle, I want to stay with you!
He knelt down in front of her and held her to him.
I want to stay with you and Brynna! She cried into his neck.
I know, baby. But well be right behind you. It will be right when the sun comes up, and well be there, I promise. I just have to get Brynna and a few things from home, and well be right there. Tell me what you want me to bring you, and Ill bring it to you.
Can you bring my sunflower quilt? She asked, And the stuffed dolphin you and Brynn got me from the yard sales the other day?
He kissed her cheek.
Of course I can, sweetheart.
Just come really soon, okay? She said through her tears. You and Brynn. Just hurry.
We will. Were right behind you, baby. I promise. He pulled away so he could grasp her face and kiss her forehead, Hey how much do I love you?
Penny cried harder and tried to burrow her face into his neck again.
Penny He wiped her tears away, How much do I love you, baby?
More than every other girl in the whole world. Penny answered.
Would I ever trade you?
Not for any other girl in the whole world. Penny replied.
Thats right. I love you, baby. I love you so much. 
Penny threw her arms around his neck and squeezed him.
I love you, too, Daddy.
We werent shocked at her calling him Dad because she had slipped up a few times before. Slowly, she was beginning to recognize them as her parents. Even though we werent shocked, hearing her say it in that instance was enough to make Alice turn away so she could let tears fall from her eyes, Violet cry harder, and Nick and I look at each other, both of us getting choked up, too. 
I know. James looked at us and nodded, and Violet grasped Penny around the middle as gently as she could and pulled her away. 
No. No! No! She cried, reaching for James, No! I want my Daddy! I want my Mommy! No! She screamed.
Im sorry, Penny. Im so sorry. Im so sorry. Violet cried as we carried her off into the trees.
Nick stood behind Violet with his hands on her shoulders, and Alice stood in front of her. I took Alices hand, and turned to face the forest, giving myself just one second to mentally prepare for the moment when I took that first step on that narrow pathway into those darkened woods.
Daddy! Daddy! Penny screamed, crying so hard now that her breaths were ragged and fast. 
Alright. I said, my voice trembling, Lets do this.
I held the torch out to light up the path and stepped into the darkness.

Violet

The whispering in the forest eventually drowned out Pennys screams or at least, I couldnt hear them anymore once the whispering of the trebestia started. Nick, Alice, Quinn, and I looked all around, waiting for them to emerge from one of the trees closest to the path. So far, we had been lucky, and they had not appeared, but the rhythmic thumping of my heart quickening and the heat of adrenaline surging through my body warned me that they were near and to remain alert. 
What did you say they were, Vi? Nick whispered to me in a trembling voice.
What?
The tree-people.
I dont know. Brynna said that Adam said theyre the old spirits of the forest. Theyve been here for too long so theyve gotten angry. Why?
I dont know. He said softly, Maybe if I knew what they were, Id be less afraid of them.
No. Knowing what they areor what Adam thinks they aredoesnt make me less afraid.
Adam is probably right about them. He has been alive for so long. He has explored the woods since he was a kid. Thats what he said.
Yeah. He said that there were originally just two of them. One man, and one woman. They set out to make their home in the deepest part of the woods. But something was hunting them. They thought it was the Shadows, because whatever it was, it was darkness. It brought darkness with it. But they held it off. They were determined to beat it, but they couldnt. It overtook them, and scattered their souls into the trees, possessing them. Those two dark shapes were seen in all the trees, hunting anyone who stayed out after dark. They needed more souls. There are millions of trees in the forest. They needed more souls to scatter. So the first two tree-beasts started hunting, and now, theres an angry, violent soul in every tree of the Shadow Forest, but they pull together in hives so they can swarm their targets. Like how they swarmed Brynn. 
I was telling the story almost against my will, knowing that if ever there were a place not to tell the scary legend of how Shadow Forest got its name, it was right in the middle of Shadow Forest. Still, I was telling the story, because hearing myself tell it was distracting me from the rapid, painful pounding of my heart, the tears in my eyes, the dryness of my mouth, and the trembling that was rattling my entire body. 
Youre right. Nick said, That doesnt make me less afraid.
We were at least two miles into the forest before I realized that Penny was limp in my arms. When I pulled my head back to look at her, I found that her eyelids were drooping and her mouth was open slightly. 
Nick I muttered, Look.
He did, and then immediately beckoned for me to hand her over to him. I placed her in his arms, and the change of person carrying her didnt provoke any change in her at all. 
Penny Very gently, he shook her, Penny? Guys, wait! He called to Alice, and she and Quinn stopped walking. When they turned back to us, their faces were cast in shadow by the torchlight. Where the light touched, I could see their quizzical expressions that were almost mirror images of each others. Where the darkness covered their faces, I could not see anything, not even the forest behind them. It was as though they were halfway in our realm and halfway out; they were partially in some other place where there was only that darkness. 
Whats wrong with her? Alice asked, and carefully, they shuffled back to us, single-file, putting one foot in front of the other, heel to toe, to avoid accidentally stepping over the circle. 
Nick, whats wrong with her? I cried in a voice that shuddered and broke instantaneously. Nick Now, as I said his name over and over again, my weakened voice faded in and out, like a lost radio transmission from some other time, calling out for help that needed to come with no delay or all would end.
We just have to get to the bunker. Alice said, Shes still alive, Vi, so we need to get to the bunker, and then we can take care of her. Shes alright. We just need to go. Come on. 
When she turned around, the torchlight swung around with her. Illuminated within the circle of light was the blackened face within the tree: its eyes were the darkest pits within that pitch-black face, and thin, black vines hung down like scraggly hair. Slowly, a slit spread across its face, forming its mouth, and then, with twitching movements that made its body crack almost deafeningly, it broke free from the tree trunk and was standing right there in front of us, so close we all could touch it, and it could touch us. It was small, like a child, and when human eyes formed on its face, I recognized them. Somehow, I recognized them
The family we had seen. The ones being helped out into the woods by Tony and Tom. The little boy whom I had looked at with the large brown eyes. They were his widened, terrified eyes within that body of wood and vines. His fingers, elongated to several feet, still had a few stray shreds of skin on them, and at the very ends, right on the serrated, deadly-sharp points, I could see a few of his fingernails still clinging just barely, and blood dripping down from those that had been ripped off in his transformation.
The terror in his eyes quickly vanished as the last of him left, and then, I was staring into the glare of a hungry creature. That glare, the look the trebestia give when a human-like creature makes eye contact with them, is known planet-wide as the look that most easily steals our breath. Alice, Quinn, Nick, and I were frozen, absolutely paralyzed with fear, incapable of even drawing a full breath for them to steal. 
In its whispering breaths, I could hear its rising and falling child-like voice still, but it sent shivers throughout me that squeezed my muscles, spurring them into action. It was talking to me, coaxing me, telling me that just over the ash-line, I would be safe. If I just took one step
But they were all around us. The old man and woman we had seen. They were changed over, their eyes peering out at us through that black mask, their legs sickly thin and turning to wood; flesh, muscle, tendons, and veins were sliding and slithering to the ground in a stream of blood. I turned around, hearing bubbling, like water at a rapid boil. The acid within the stomach of the old man had eaten through his organs and then through his skin; heat inside him was contorting his natural functions, aiding them in eating him from the inside out. Slowly, black wood bandaged the wounds. 
All I could think of was Brynna, the strongest person I knew, lying in a pool of blood and sweat, screaming, crying, and spitting in fear, grief, and rage she had never thought possible. She had been in so much pain, begging Adam to end it, to kill her so she could feel nothing, to stop her from being ripped and burnt Crying for Luc, and screaming for James to stop Michael and my father I didnt have as much pain in my life to relive, but there was some. There was enough that if I was forced to experience the effects of the trebestia venom, I would succumb to the fear, grief, and rage; it would kill me.
When one of the tree-beasts lunged forward, we stumbled backwards, and I dropped Penny. Either Nick, Alice, or Quinn fell over the circle, right into the reaching branches of those beasts all around us. 
Penny! Penny! I screamed, looking all around for her, but then, I was running, in the darkness, and she was screaming somewhere behind me, and Alice was to my left, running, sobbing, shrieking for help The trebestia were behind us, but every time I looked back, I saw nothing; they moved within the trees, not out in the open. I could hear Nick shouting in German, his voice breaking from how loud and how desperately he was screaming. Quinn was shouting for Alice, his voice broken, too. And somewhere, Penny was screaming, and I had dropped her, and it was my fault. She stood no chance against them. 
Knowing that suddenly, I turned back. I ran right into them, not fearing their venom-filled claws or the agonizing stupor the venom inflicted, but only fearing for Penny. The scratches down my back were made by fire-charred razors, it seemed. A chunk of flesh from my calf was ripped away by their teeth. I crumpled to the ground, defenseless, screaming with what I knew were my last breaths for Penny, for Brynna, for James, for my mother, for Maura It was dj vu; in another place at some other timehow long ago, I could not rememberI had been starving in the woods, and some other hellish creatures had attacked me viciously. I knew in both instances that if I died, I turned into one of them. If my heart stopped beating for even a second, I was theirs forever, and I would remember, however vaguely, being human. I would remember my love for Nick, my love for my family, my past, my dreams Somewhere inside of me, those things would always remain. My humanity would always be there to haunt me, to remind me that I was held captive in death, and there was no going back.
A light as bright to my eyes as the Earthean sun broke over the forest, illuminating the sky. The trees rose above me and thinned to a pinpoint as they reached that white sky Hands scooped me up, and arms carried me off, and the sky and the world were as empty as air, as white as nothing. 
Nick was near me, dead or just about. Quinn and Alice were convulsing on the ground, not found or left behind, I didnt know; I cried out for them once. And Penny was screaming and running, back to her real mother and father, back to where our enemies now held them prisoner. And I was in the arms of a stranger, spewing black froth from my mouth and seizing violently, eyeballs rolled back, but still able to see that white sky, those thin, black trees My insides were so hot, boiling I was changing over.
I may have been captured, or I may have been saved. Nick, Alice, and Quinn may have been alive, or they may have been dead. Penny would not make it back to our old home; she would be scratched; she would be a trebestia child, just like that little boy with the big brown eyes
Stop. I murmured, Just stop
My eyes closed. My breathing hitched in my throat. My heart shuddered and ceased.
The white light went out, and there was nothing.

Brynna

Before I let it become fully known, before I spoke a word to the woman sitting across from me, I closed my eyes for just longer than a blink. In that one half-second, I forced my eyes to see in total darkness, to recall what had occurred around me while I was in that impossibly deep sleep.
James had gotten Violet, Penny, Quinn, Alice, and Nick out. The firelight illuminated the sweat that was falling down his face despite the almost brutal chill of the night. His eyes were widened, and his breaths were quickened; too much could happen, there were so many different ways tragedy could strikethey could have accidentally left a spot unfilled in their ash barrier; one or all of them could have been startled by the trebestia and fallen over into their waiting, lethal arms; they could have reached the bunker to find that the Old Spirits had already found it; the Old Spirits could have chased them into the woods and dragged them back; I could have been taken from the house before he could return to me Beyond James, and beyond that moment when I saw him leading them to the tree-line, I felt Pennys longing for James and me, and I lost my ability to breathe. If I had not ordered my mind to continue to grasp the vision, I would have been thrown out of it, back into the present. Pennys body had become dead weight in Violets arms, and Violet was panicking, but once the trebestia appeared, her panic turned to petrification. When onean old man whose human skin was still being shed in a bloody, pulpy messreached out for them, Violet dropped Penny and ran. And my little girl was left alone in the woods, surrounded by enemies and listening to what she thought was the slaughter of those she loved with all her little heart.
But my little girl was a smart little girl, and she did not follow them over the tree-line. She did not run towards Violet, who was screaming her name, whom she knew was returning to her. She turned and ran along the path, seeing clearly in the darkness the way we advanced beings can, going back to her Daddy and Mommy for help 
Her Daddy had reached me, and in a furious whirlwind of movement, he zipped around our house, dumping sundries from our freezer room and various cabinets into one bag until it was so full, he could barely lift it, and then, he filled a second bag with as much of our clothing as he could fit. And then, just before he came back to me, he went into Pennys room, folded up her sunflower quilt, grabbed her purple, one-eyed, stuffed dolphin, and delicately placed them in the bag. 
Alright, baby, He had whispered to me, and when he felt how icy my skin had become, he pulled the blanket around me and wrapped it tightly. But just as he was about to pick me up, the front door was kicked in and sent flying across our living room. Then, our bedroom door came down. 
That fucking traitorous whore!
Adam zoomed forward and threw James against the wall. Then, he swung one leg over me so he was straddling my body and grasped my throat in both hands. I was gasping for air, but in the farthest corners of that sleep, I felt little of the discomfort. 
You brought them here! You led them right to us! Wake up! You will look at me when I throttle the life from you! You have done this! You have let them win!
James lunged through the air and tackled him off of me, and while they were fighting, Rich and my father walked in. All three of us were carted off and placed in our villages prison at the lowest level. Before I was freed from looking backwards, I had to search the present and find Penny I had to see that she was alright, and then I would look around almost as frantically for Violet, Quinn, Alice, and Nick 
But the half-second had ended, and the stale air of the cell, contaminated by the sweat, sorrow, blood, rage, rot, and insanity of the previous inhabitants, nearly choked me. Of course, the sight of Mary Bachums slyly grinning face did not help settle my aggravated gag reflex. 
I have heard so much about you, Brynna. I would shake your hand, but She gestured towards me aimlessly, though her point was made. You have given your dad quite a bit of heartache. Youve given my husband, Paul, and Tyre a bit of a headache. From what Paul has told us, you are quite the fiery thing. Smart as a whip and as harsh as one, too. 
Whip. Vine. Her husband must have told her. Nice try, Mary Bachum, very nice try; you almost got into my head.
I am sorry for the little game we had to play with you, but your father actually suggested that we give you a chance to join us. And Tyre, of course, was over the moon at that idea. He covets your power quite a bit, maybe even more so than Adam does. Though, I have to tell you, and I am not just saying this to break down the walls between us, but I told them it was too harsh. Making you think your mother was still alive would not only dissuade you from joining us, but it would be extremely harmful for you. Even though leaving her behind killed her, and that is a sin, you were under the influence of a very bad man.
Where is he?
Incapacitated, currently.
Incapacitated how?
That is really none of your concern, sweetheart. He is no longer your concern.
Why? Because now that we are under the rule of Tyre, James and I will no longer be allowed to see each other? To be together? We will have to sneak off in the dead of night and meet in back alleys and back rooms, where we will quickly make longing, passionate love to one another before we must tearfully head back to wherever you keep us? Will it be that ship that everyone is going on about? I must confess to you that it seems a tad garish to build such a monstrosity.
Perhaps youre right, but the monstrosity is built. That doesnt have to be where you go, Brynna. You can stay right here. With us. With Penny.
I looked up at her, my eyes widened and staying wide.
Where is she? Did she return here? Is she alright? What happened to Violet and the others?
She is back here, and she is alright. Well, she was not harmed in the woods save for a few scratches, but the trebestia could not catch her. She is in a cell a few down from yours. If we can come to an agreement here, I will bring her to you and release you both.
I am not going anywhere without James.
You wouldnt leave him behind even if you and the little girl who is like your daughter would be saved?
No, because we are no safer out there than we are in here.
What makes you say that?
I snorted in derisive disbelief.
Please. Like you dont know that we took in some of your refugees.
To whom are you referring? That arrogant nuisance, Savannah Mack, and her children?
Them, amongst others. Maura was brought back here by Violet.
And she is dead now, from what our people told us. Your savage leader killed her.
Your savage leader allowed her to be raped and beaten repeatedly and brutally! I snapped, my eyes flashing red and my voice rising to a shout. While I would have preferred that Don had never laid a hand on her, at least she was able to die! You did not even allow her that!
She died with you beside her, I hear.
Yes. I snapped, Just me. She never expressly told me what you all had done to her, but the evidence of it was written all over her. The bruises and lacerations told me she had been physically assaulted relentlessly. The rest of it I could see when I looked in her eyes!
When you read her mind?
No, believe it or not. I have heard that my father spilled all our family secrets to you people up there, so you know what happened to me when I was young. Once something like that happens, one will always know when it has happened to someone else. And when I hated her the most, I always thought that I wanted her to experience what I had, but I did not. Once it had happened to her, I realized that I could never have wanted her to be hurt that way.
I know. She reached across the table like she was going to grasp my hands, but they were handcuffed behind me. She never showed any recognition of that fact, nor did she move her hands away. Brynna I am so sorry that happened to you.
You are not. You allow women to be assaulted that way all the time. You, as a woman, should be doing everything in your power to stop such atrocities from happening, but you egg them on. You relish it, knowing that stubborn women will be broken in that way.
I dont relish it, Brynna! She snapped breathlessly, shocked and horrified that I would say such a thing. I hate it. I hate that it has to be done. As a woman, I do everything in my power to bring the women under my husbands rule to a deeper understanding of why they must obey. They answer to their husbands. Their husbands answer to Rich and Tyre. Everyone answers to someone, and consequences for rule-breaking are as equally severe for everyone, Brynna. It is not just women. That is a lie that has been fed to you by
By Violet? You forget; Violet was in your camp. She saw what you do. I leaned forward, my body beginning to tremble with rage. You tried to marry off a seventeen-year-old girl to a boy she had known at the time for only a year. If you think I dont know what you would have made them do once they are married, then you clearly do not understand the full extent of my mental capacities. So, please, dont give me this ridiculous speech about how everyone is equal in your camp.
Violet has been having quite a hard time since coming here. This village is now known in all of our circles throughout Purissimus as a cesspool of moral degradation, and your little sister is an example of that, isnt she? What she did to that doctor
How do you know about that? Did your spies tell you?
No, Brynna. Caspar Elohimson told me. When he confessed all his sins and begged to join our ranks. And do you know what we did, Brynna? We accepted him with open arms. That is something his father never did.
His father sent him to the other bases, and he came to you?
Of course he did. He knew deep down that we would accept him. We would love him. We would take care of him. All he had to do was confess his sins, and he would be one of ours. He would be a part of our family.
Sure. You are enjoying this, arent you? Is it nice for you, Mary, sitting atop your throne? Sitting over top of every other woman?
Brynna, I do feel badly for you.
Answer my question.
No, you need to let me finish my thought from earlier, because honestly, sweetheart, I have been dying to say this to you since your father confessed everything to our village: Your parents and Maura treated you awfully. They knew about the terrible thing that had happened to you, and yet when your brother died because you lost yourself in that terrible thing, they blamed you. When he confessed it, I wanted to slap him. When she confessed that it was her husband that had done it, and she said that she had covered her ears She drew in a deep breath and expelled it, shaking her head slightly. Yes, I did let them show her what it was like.
And what did you show him, for being guilty of almost the same crime?
He received lashings.
But he was not beaten and raped, too? He did not have multiple strange men violating him in that way, over the course of many days?
Of course not!
Exactly. Of course not. 
But he broke. She didnt.
How did he break?
He cried. He apologized. He said that he would try to find the strength in himself to forgive you, and once he forgave you, he would put things right. That is what he is trying to do now.
So he goes about putting things right by allowing his chums to lie to me about my mother being alive?
We needed Adam and Janna. We told him he had no choice but to let us use you to get to them. We had to get them by whatever means necessary. But lets not talk about that. You know, Rich and I have had very heated arguments about you. When I found out what he had done to you in the woods several months ago, I made him leave. You do not deserve such things even if you were being disrespectful, Brynna.
Dont I?
Of course not. God, your life has been so hard. I know it has. You poor thing. Has anyone said that to you? Has anyone told you how sad it all is? Your life was stolen from you, Brynna. Any normal life you could have had was taken away, and you were never given a chance to get it back. I am going to confide something in you that I have only ever confided in my husband: The same thing happened to me when I was young.
I have to admit, even though it sickens me today to say it, she had my full attention at that point and a tiny smidgeon of my pity.
It wasnt my godfather, though. It was my Sunday school teachers husband.
Now, she had managed to sufficiently shock me. Briefly, I tried to warn myself that she might be lying, but as I had told her, I hadand still do havean undeniable ability to recognize in others the signs of having survived such a trauma. As she talked about it, her hands came up to fiddle nervously, almost compulsively, with her cross, and her eyes diverted from mine and hazed over. 
It was only once, but God, that was enough. I cant imagine what it must have been like for you. Especially because your parents neither comforted you nor took action against the man who did it. Do you want to know what my father did? My father killed the man who did that to me. He went to jail for the rest of his life, despite what that disgusting man had done, and I spent my entire life going to the jail to visit him. Every Sunday. Id go to mass, and then Id go see him. Wed talk and laugh like nothing had ever happened. I told him everything. When it came time for Rich and me to get married, Rich went to the jail and asked him for his permission. And Rich said that my dad cried and cried, saying yes, of course, but also that he was so sad that he wouldnt be there to walk me down the aisle. But he also said that he was happy, because not only would he have his daughter there on Sundays, but his son, too. And we were there. We visited him every Sunday until the day he died. That was three years before our world ended. Ive never cried so hard in my life. It was just a heart attack, totally random, couldnt have been stopped or prevented. But on the visit before he died, he was pale and sad, and I knew something was wrong. So I asked him. He said, Mary, every night I think I hear you screaming. I think I hear you screaming. Its my punishment from God, I guess, for letting that happen to you. I deserve it. Of course, I told him that was ridiculous, but maybe God does punish those who are responsible for the child who is abused. Those who didnt see it coming. Who didnt prevent it. So your father has suffered. The same way my father suffered. Though, of course, my father did handle it. He handled it the only way he knew how. Your father turned his back on you, and that is vile. She closed her eyes for a second, and when she opened them again, I had to look away, because there were two single tears shimmering in her eyes.
I am so sorry you went through that alone. I am so, so sorry, Brynna.
I gaped at her, so unsure of what to say. Even more so than when she had first confessed her secret to me, I pitied her. The truth of her account was undeniable, and my empathy with her was as undeniable as that truth. Still, I could not show it. I could not afford to admit out loud to her that I had been touched by her story. Still today, I do not admit it out loud very often. 
You still went to church after that? After a man affiliated with the church, however indirectly, hurt you so terribly?
Of course. She said with a laugh as she wiped her eyes, Its not Gods fault, Brynna. Its the devils.
I suppressed the urge to roll my eyes. To bring myself back to the level of loathing I needed to feel in order to avoid succumbing to my new soft feelings for her, I reminded myself that despite what had happened to her, she had allowed women to suffer the same awful pain. That was easily enough to make me forget that pity I had felt for her. 
I knew beyond any doubt that I would not allow even my worst enemy to be harmed in such a way. That was where Mary and I differed, and it was that area of difference that was so profound. That is why my pity for her was so easily dispersed. 
Where are Adam and Janna? I asked, to change the subject, Have you all killed them?
My heart skipped frantically. I knew that Adam had tried to kill me while I was asleep, a mere day after accidentally shooting me, and still, I worried that they had killed him. Something was very seriously wrong with me
No. It turns out that Tyre is more forgiving than his former friend. If Adam captured Tyre, he would kill him publicly and
Which is exactly what Paul said you all were going to do to Adam.
Paul was mistaken.
I am sure.
You are so cynical. She said with a smile.
What about gay people? Do you stone them to death?
Oh, Brynna She laughed, I find it hard to believe that someone as brilliant as you bought these stories Adam told you Theyre so ridiculous!
I am sure you are going to say that because murder is a sin, how could good religious folk like you ever murder anyone, even Gods undesirables?
That is close to what I was going to say, actually.
So, what about Eric?
Eric?
A sound, part scoff, part laugh, escaped me.
You dont even remember him? He is the man you sacrificed to your God in front of an entire congregation of people.
The one your sister saw?
Yes.
That is not murder. Sacrifice is necessary to appease
Was it necessary on Earth, Mary? Did you and Rich go to your Sunday masses and sacrifice people to God?
No, but maybe we should have! Maybe the Earth would still be here if we had!
Maybe not. Your creed falls right in on itself with the slightest push from me, Mary. How you can build your life on so shaky a foundation, I will never know. There were many on Earth who believed in the same God in which you believe. They were good people, smart people, capable of reading that Book and molding their lives around it, but only for good, not for this. You are the worst of all faithful people. You are the ones who read the whole thing cover to cover and get nothing out of it but what you want out of it. Now, I consider myself a bit of an expert in world religions, so let me give you an education on yours: all you are supposed to do is love people. How hard is that? That is all that your God expects. That is all you need to do to appease Him. The saddest thing about all of you is that you know that, and still you insist on having nothing but hate in your hearts for anyone not like you. It is sad that your group of crazies, which is now so large but on Earth was so small, makes all of you look so awful. Extremism is not a good look for anyone.
You think were extremists?
I know youre extremists.
You think we dont love each other? Love everyone? Love even all of you, our enemies? Brynna, why do you think we havent killed you or any of them? Its because we love you, and because we know you all can be saved through our love.
And through beatings, rape, imprisonment, and other nasty things, right? 
Whatever it takes. And thats not what you want. You dont want to be stubborn, do you?
I want to see James and Penny.
You will not see James anymore. I will bring Penny to you after we reach an agreement.
To what would I be agreeing?
You would be agreeing to let go of the life you have lived here. You will forget about Don Abba, Adam, Janna, and the rest of them. In place of them, you will have Penny, Savannah, Rachel, Joe, and once we find Violet, Nick, Alice, and Quinn, you will have them, too. You will live under our laws, none of which are as awful as you are making them out to be, by the way, and that is all we ask.
And I will never see James again?
She paused for a long time.
No. 
Never before in my life had I ever wanted more desperately to throw my arms around him. My eardrums seemed to rattle, needing to hear his voice. I couldnt imagine, even though I had seen it in my mind so many times, living without him. To have that threat made was enough to steal my breath.
Brynna She reached across the table like she wanted to grasp my hands again. Its indecent. He is old enough to be your father. What would your mother say? She leaned closer to me, What are you thinking?
My mind and heart burned at her mention of my mother, at her proclamation that James and I were indecent. There was nothing more for us to discuss. The conversation was over, absolutely.
I am thinking, you self-righteous, hypocritical, sadistic, chauvinistic, pathetic, empty-headed pig, that I love him infinitely more than you have ever loved all of the things in your sad excuse for a life combined, and that if its indecent to an accomplice of rape and torture, then it must be the most decent thing in the world. The same can be said for everything you people find indecent. If you hate it, it must be what God loves. Thank you so much, Mary Bachum, for reaffirming for me all of my lifelong beliefs.
There was genuine disappointment in her eyes. There was sorrow. It did not dissolve the almost tangible murderous rage that I was allowing to flow unchecked into the room. But it did surprise me, to see it there.
So, that is it? She asked calmly, Youd rather be an animal than be a civilized, productive member of this society, living happily with Penny? For him?
I will not bring Penny up out there, where there is the most miniscule possibility that she will end up like you. You will not steal that little girl from me, in any way. And you will not steal him, either.
She exhaled slowly through her nose and crossed her arms. Still, when she spoke, her voice was soft and calm.
You would rather be an animal? A savage?
Yes. I said venomously, I absolutely would rather be a savage.
Well, guess what, Brynna? Even though you insist on being a savage, I still love you. I still love you, and I will fix you. Together with God, I will fix you. You will be saved, because I love you.
I contorted my face into a grimace of sorrow so transparently fake, I was sure she would not fall for it. But when I leaned forward, she leaned towards me, too, and that is when I struck. My fangs shot out. I screeched so loudly that the sound shattered the two-way mirror, revealing Rich, Paul, and Tyre standing there, Rich looking terrified for his wife and Tyre and Paul looking impassive. Because she didnt realize quickly enough that I would change over, she could not get away. Our faces were parallel, and I closed the space between us. 
And then I sunk my teeth down hard into her makeup-smeared cheek until I could feel them scraping against her cheekbone. My ears did not recoil at the sound of her shriek; instead, they drank in the sound like it was the most perfect song ever sung. My whitened eyes rolled back for a few seconds, and the soft sighing and humming noises that we sometimes make when we bite into something left me. Her blood dribbled down my chin and down my throat, and before I pulled away completely, I licked her face from her chin, up over the wound, to her eye, tasting her blood and tears.
After my fangs retracted, I finished my attack with a cavalier response to what she had said to me:
Oh, Mary I smiled, I love you, too. 
You will burn in hell! She shrieked as she jumped up, holding her face in both hands.
You monster! You animal!
And finally
You you bitch! 
Her fist was closed when she backhanded me with it across the face. Before she could hit me again, Rich, Tyre, and Paul had come into the room. Tyre grasped Marys fist and held a towel to her face. When he nodded his head, Paul took Mary in his arms and ushered her out, shushing her when she began to sob, telling her that the doctor was known as the best in the world, and he would make her fix it; Mary would be patched up in no time.
And for some reason, I felt the slightest pang of guilt. It was over before I could even fully acknowledge that it was there, but after it was gone, it left a residual discomfort within my chest that did not dissipate even when my eyes registered the sight of Rich storming towards me, both fists clenched at his sides. When his body collided with mine, my chair flipped backwards. My wrist that had only just been healed snapped again, but I stifled the scream that bubbled up like vomit. His hands were on my throat, and he was shaking me by it, slamming my head into the floor.
Rich Tyre was saying, Rich
You just wait until he lets me sort you out! You just He punched me square in the nose, and blood began to gush down my face, fucking He punched me again, and the room blurred, wait!
RICHARD! Tyre shouted, and I kid you not, several pieces of glass still clinging to the mirror-frame crashed to the floor. Leave us. Now. 
No! Rich barked, You cant expect me to let her get away with what she just did to Mary! You cant expect that!
I do expect it Tyre growled, and the hair on my arms raised. Something told me that disobeying him specifically was met with consequences far worse than death. And do not ever say no when I give you an order again, lest you wish to eat your own tongue, Richard Bachum.
I knew that that was not an expression; he meant it literally.
Rich stormed out of the room, his mind screeching his utter hatred of me and his promises of revenge. I was so distracted listening in on his gruesome and degrading ideas for making me pay for what I had done that I did not realize Tyre had sat my chair up and removed my handcuffs. 
Come now. Let me see. Rather gently, he pulled my wrist away from my chest where I was cradling it so protectively. I flinched terribly when he delicately wrapped both hands around the broken bone, expecting him to twist or apply pressure to it. Instead, he sent a sudden surge of icy healing power into it that flew rapidly up to my broken nose. After both the bones were repaired, he walked to the shattered mirror, reached into the room behind it, and pulled another towel out, which he wet in the sink and used to dab the blood from my face. After the second of shock at his tenderness had worn off, I snatched the towel away and began to dab it off myself.
Come. Stand up. Come with me. 
With his swift hands, he pulled me to my feet. He wrapped one arm around my back and steadied me when I wobbled on my feet. After a second, he ushered me out of the room. Though I was still rather disoriented from being beaten, I did make a mental note of how many cells we passed and of every turn we made. After several staircases and long hallways, he stopped at a door and turned to me.
I am open to negotiating with you. Mary was sure that she could convince you to accept what she wanted from you, but I was never convinced. So, I will negotiate with you, if you give me a reason to do so. Alright?
I did not respond, but he opened the door anyway. 
My heart was set off, thundering against my chest when I saw him. 
Brynn! He went to rush towards me, but Tyre grabbed my arm.
Against the wall, Maxwell. Tyre told him calmly, Against the wall, or I take her back out.
Instantly, he backed up and put one hand on the wall. Tyre gently pulled me forward and put me into the room with him.
Go. He told me, and I rushed forward and threw my arms around Jamess middle. He kept one hand on the wall until Tyre had backed out through the door. Once the door was closed, he let go of the wall and wrapped both arms around me. 
Are you okay? He asked quickly, and after he pulled away from me, he kissed me twice and then pushed my hair back from my face. Taking note of the blood that I had been unable to wipe off, he asked, Who was it? and if the sudden red that had come over his eyes was any indication of what he would do to the person responsible, I could surmise that it would be utterly brutal. 
It doesnt matter. It doesnt matter, because Tyre healed me, and Im here with you, and
The sudden urge to cry forced me to expel the breath I had been holding. For a second, I continued to breathe heavily, realizing now that it wasnt an urge to cry but a panic attack coming on.
Alright Okay He ushered me over to sit on the cot in the corner of the room. Were okay, baby. Youre here
Yes, until they separate us again! Mary told me that she is not going to let me see you again. They want to separate us. Were indecent, she says.
He chuckled to himself, and I looked up at him, frowning.
I am sorry, but I find the idea of being separated from you positively dreadful, and youre laughing, so what am I to
Baby His kiss cut off my tirade before it had begun, You know thats not why Im laughing. I know youre going to say that I dont appreciate the gravity of the situation, but I do. Im laughing because for her to call us indecent is actually a compliment to us, and I feel more validated now about our relationship than I did before, and I felt pretty damn validated.
I said the same thing to her! I said that if were indecent, and all the others that they deem indecent are indecent, then we must be doing everything right. So, you and me, Tony and Tom, the people in our group who are Muslims, or atheists, or even just regular, non-extreme Christians, were all indecent, so we must be the most decent things in this world or the last.
Youre right. He chuckled again, Indecent
Indecency Transgression Subversion We are menaces to the public, James Maxwell. All of us.
He kissed my forehead, and after I looked up at him, he kissed my lips gently.
We are, Brynna Olivier, and no matter what they do to us, we have to continue to be. Do you agree?
Of course I agree.
Theyre going to try to separate us. Theyll try to turn us against each other, and we cant let that happen.
That could never happen. Not to you and me.
I know. We know that now, and we have to know it in the following days or months, through whatever they do to us.
Or we could try to escape. Were evolved; theyre not.
Tyres people are evolved. They use their powers only when absolutely necessary.
Well, then theyre out of practice.
Baby He grasped my hands, We cant.
What do you mean, we cant? What are we supposed to do? Allow them to subject us to whatever they want? You know what theyre going to do. I certainly know. If I close my eyes and try even very slightly, I can look forward and see what theyre going to do. 
Just as the words left my mouth, a shudder convulsed my body. His arms were around me before I could wrap my own around myself. 
They are going to make you watch, James. It will take many of them to hold you back, but they will, and they will hold your head up and force you to watch. Now that I have assaulted Mary Bachum, Rich will make sure that what happens to me is worse than what happened to Maura. And Rich said My voice fractured; I couldnt say it, I couldnt possibly hear it out loud, not even in my own voice. I couldnt fathom the possibility of it, so when I spoke again, it was barely a whisper, Rich was thinking that he would make Penny watch, too.
No. He told me firmly, murderously. I will never let that happen. Any of it. No one is going to hurt you, and no one is going to hurt her. It would take all of them to hold me back.
I actually laughed softly to myself; my body and mind were so exhausted already, and the whole bloody ordeal had barely gotten underway.
Be realistic, sweetheart.
You dont think thats realistic? He snapped at me, and I did not snap back defensively as I would have any other time. All I did was let him make empty promises to me that it did not matter how many of them tried to hold him back, he was evolved, he would break free, he would kill them all if they laid a hand on me. 
Tyre is more sensible than we have been led to believe. If he brought you to me, then it shows he is willing to make a deal.
He said he is willing to negotiate, but what he wants from us I will never agree to.
What does he want?
I told you, Mary said that she wants us to never see each other again. We can assume that they all agree on that point. Now, perhaps this is just me, but I would rather stay locked in these cells forever, or I would rather suffer whatever it is they have in mind for me than to live out there, where I can never be with you, where I can never even look at you, or speak your name
Brynna He said.
What?! You think thats unreasonable? You think that is against all logic? You think it is antifeminist? You think it shows a far too heavy reliance on you? You think it shows that I am stupid? Dependent? I paused, feeling tears in my eyes suddenly. Weak?
Baby
I know all of that. I know what it makes me. You are my greatest weakness, James, and I have known that from the first time you kissed me that night on the ship, until right now, right this very second. I knew, even way back then, that one day, my love for you would be someones greatest weapon. It would be turned against me. My love for you, my love for Penny, my love for all of you, gives them all the power they need over me. You all are their ammunition. Soon, they are going to try to break me of this stubbornness. Of this indecency. They will want me to break, but they also wont want me to break. And I wont. I absolutely wont.
If its the only way that youre going to be safe, Brynna
I wont be safe! I wont be anything, James. If I let them break me of not only my love for you but of who I am, then I wont be anything. I reached up and put my hand on his face. Ill be the same shell that Maura was when we got her back. It may be stupid and proud, but I will never break. Will you?
With the tips of his fingers, he pushed my hair back and tucked it behind my ear.
If it would save your life, Brynna If it would save you from what you say they are going to do, what I know theyre going to do His other hand clasped gently around my own before he entwined his fingers with mine, Id give them whatever they want.
I was utterly dumbfounded. He had always been so adamant about remaining defiant in the face of tyranny, be it Dons, Adams, or our enemies who were currently upon us. Now, he was admitting to me his desire to surrender. Yes, it was for my benefit. Yes, he thought it would protect me. But I was more than capable of making the decision for myself whether I wanted to bend to their will, whether I was willing to accept their torture and hold to my convictions regardless of the pain they would inflict upon me. Was that stupid? Certainly. Was it proud? Absolutely. Did I expect him to be stupid and proud with me? I had not just expected it; I had known that he would, or so I had thought. 
I love you so much, Brynn. All this time, these past two years, I have loved you. I cant let them hurt you because of it. I cant let them do what they did to Maura because you wont tell them that you wont see me anymore.
James, this is my decision. This is my
Well, your decision is wrong! He shouted, and I jumped because the sudden rise of his voice and his temper had taken me completely off guard. Its stupid! It is a childs decision, Brynna! Youre being stubborn even though they are threatening your life! They will not just kill you, dont you know that?! Did Adam not tell you that?! Has Savannah not told you that?! You saw what they did to that woman you found! Were the bruises and the half-cut-off tongue not enough to show you just what theyre capable of?! And that was to some random woman who just wouldnt accept the man they were trying to marry her off to, and you are you! Youre Dons second-in-command! For a while, you were Adams favorite girl in the world. You think theyll just kill you?! They will drag it out, make you unrecognizable physically and mentally, and then, only after youre completely destroyed, theyll kill you. Now, I know that because youre so stubborn, it will take them days and days and days to break you in the way they want to break you. Youll keep saying you love me, youll never say that you wont see me again, youll swear that the second they turn their backs, youll be running back to me. Youll tell them their creed is bullshit, and that their God is a lie, and that no matter what they do, youll never bow down to them. I know thats what youre going to say, because that is exactly what I would say. But if they torture me, Brynna, Im going to do the smart thing: I am going to tell them what they want, and I am going to keep living, and pray that maybe, someday, all of this will pass, and on that day, I will be right back with you, and I will spend the rest of our eternal lives trying to make up the time that they took from us. I will His voice broke, and tears immediately began to fall from his eyes; he could not stop them, not then. I will think about you, Violet, and Penny every day until its all over. If I ever see you, the sight of you will rip me apart. Ill try to hold onto you in any way possible. Every day, Ill ache for you. But at least youll be alive for me to see, even if the sight of you does rip me apart. At least you wont have been hurt in the worst possible ways all over again. If I tell them what they want, then you keep living. If I tell you right now that were over, thats one less thing theyll have on you. If what they want is for you to tell them that you wont see me, then I am telling you that you wont see me.
I turned away from him, needing a moment to process all that was being said. What I wanted, more than I had ever wanted anything else in my entire life, was a chance to go back to earlier that day, to before I had fallen into that deep sleep. I had known that some dark foreboding was begging for my attention, but I had been so exhausted that I had ignored it. Now, we were paying the price. 
James I said, and I still dont know, to this day, what it was that I wanted to say. All I know is that it was then that I began to cry. 
From behind me, he wrapped his arms around my middle and pulled me back to him. His embrace tightened as his lips kissed me up my arm, over my shoulder, and up my neck to my ear slowly.
I love you more than anything, Brynna Olivier. I would die for you I would live without you I would do anything just so you would be safe. So you would have a chance at happiness.
And what if, James Maxwell, I cant be happy without you?
You can. I know you can.
Can you be happy without me?
No.
Do you think that Penny can be happy without you?
Yes, I do. Of course I do.
I turned to him and threw my arms around his neck. We stood there and cried, our tears falling together, our lungs expelling deep breaths but our voices not making a sound. We cried in the same reserved way, and I had never realized it until then. We were so similar in so many ways, him and I.
I would have said yes, you know. I whispered, and my breaths hitched as I cried harder.
He cried harder, too, and kissed my cheek.
Yeah?
Yes. A million times, yes. For a million years, yes.
He nodded, and then his hand ran down to rest on the small of my back. He pulled me closer and with his other hand, he lifted my head so I was looking at him. Then, he kissed me, holding his lips to mine for a long time. 
Well still have a million years. He whispered, I promise. I promise you a million years. 
I kissed him hard, and when the door opened, and Tyre returned to pull me away, I struggled to hold onto him. Paul was behind Tyre, barking at James to back up and put his hands on the wall again, but his arms were locked tightly around me, and mine were locked around him. Over and over again, he whispered to me through his tears, A million years, a million years, a million years. 
***

Brynna Tyres voice, gentle but slightly urgent. Come now, Brynna. Look up. Open your eyes. 
My eyes opened on their own; my mind did not want to know my predicament. I did not want to look up and see Tyre and his people around me, because I knew that time was running out before my lessons began.
Look up at me, Brynna. Tyre gently raised my head. In the short time it took for my head to be level, parallel to his, I had blinked, and in that one-tenth of a second, I had managed to convince myself that it would be James across from me when my eyes had opened again; only James raised my head that way.
No one is going to hurt you here, alright? Tyre told me gently, No one will lay a hand on you here. You must know that now.
I just want to see James and Penny. We just want to go. We want to leave here and find my sister and my friends. Tyre, you will never hear from us again. We will live out the rest of our lives somewhere far from you, far from this. Why do you need all of us here?
Come now, we will not discuss such things. You know that Purissimus is a dangerous place, and that if we are to survive it, then we must remain together. Strength in numbers. I am told that that became a very popular Earthean phrase in the final years.
Then just them. Just James and Penny. You dont have to give him anything; he will just take himself and her out into the woods, and you will never hear from them again.
I hardly think Maxwell would not return for you. He loves you deeply, Brynna.
Yes, and I love him. I love him so much, and over these past two years, we have raised Penny as our own. Our father and mother are only biologically our parents. I am Pennys mother, and James is her father. She recognizes us now as that. Please, just let them go.
Are you begging? I never would have expected that of you. I never would have expected tears, either.
Well, I am not crying, but I am begging, you are right. Are you disappointed?
No. I am not at all. Quite the contrary, actually. I am relieved to see that. It proves that there is hope for you still.
There is no hope for me, Tyre. I will never accept what it is that you do. I will never accept your God.
Do not say that, Brynna. That is the quickest way to get yourself, your lover, and your little girl put in front of a gun.
You would kill a little girl? I hissed, and all signs of weakness had evaporated quickly. You would shoot an innocent child? A six-year-old?
I will do whatever is necessary to make you understand that you are wrong to have lived this way. I will not lay a hand on you. I will not let anyone else lay a hand on you.
But you will shoot me.
He looked at me, seemingly taking a moment to stock up his reserve of patience. Anyone who was acquainted with me or even had heard of me knew that he would need years worth of patience for just one conversation with me.
I know how difficult your life has been. He said finally, and his voice was perfectly level, almost soothing. Your father has spoken extensively of the abuse you suffered. I want to spare you from having to ever experience that again, so you will receive no lashings, no beatings, and no forcible intercourse.
You mean rape.
I mean forcible intercourse.
You are a joke. I snapped at him, even more venomously than before, You will not even refer to it as what it is, because you are too weak to acknowledge your own sadism, and yet at the same time, you are unwilling to stop doing it. You are not sorry for it.
No, I am not. Did Mary Bachum not tell you that she has suffered it?
Yes, she told me about her past. Not to sound overly childish, but boo-hoo. 
No. That was not all. She suffered it here.
I kid you not, my jaw fell and stayed open. Tyre actually chuckled.
Yes. She had sins in her past for which she had to pay dearly. I will allow her to confide those sins to you once you and I have negotiated. I truly believe that you two will be close, Brynna. I believe that she will be the mother you have not had for fifteen years.
I snorted through my nose.
Yes, and then I will marry Paul.
No, you will marry Adam.
My jaw fell and stayed open again, except this time, the muscles cramped painfully because they were stretched to their farthest reaches.
Excuse me?
I have use for Adam Elohimson yet. To keep both him and you pacified, I have decided that you will be his bride. You will remain under vigilant guard, of course, but you will be free to roam as you please.
And Penny?
Penny will be with you. If you agree to my terms here, it will be you, Penny, and Adam.
For a long time, I gaped at him. He stared back, unfazed by my gazes fixation on him. My silent confusion was not provoking in him a desire to explain, so I would have to recover my voice and ask for further details.
May I ask, just to settle my own curiosity, what marrying me off to Adam accomplishes? Apparently, it is so indecent that I am with James, who is merely twenty-some years my senior. Adam has been around since the dawn of time, it seems. Thousands upon thousands of years. Is that not indecent?
Of course its indecent. But there is much about you that is indecent besides your strange fetish for older men.
A finer compliment has never been paid to me.
Well His grin broadened, We will see if you feel that way once you are married off to Adam and your love is married off to Adams wife. Yes, I can see that that idea hurts worse than the idea of your own marriage. He leaned forward, and his voice was soft, You know, dont you, that James Maxwell will be unable to resist the second queen? You will not succumb to your old feelings for Adam. They are gone, I know. Forget about him accidentally shooting you, as if you could or should. He has insulted you, threatened you with countless violent acts, all of which, I should inform you, he is absolutely capable
So, what? This is entertainment? This is punishment for my various indecencies? Adam is my punishment?
It is certainly not entertainment! He snapped in indignant rage. The way he took immediate offense to my insinuation that all of his means were for jolly sport was ironically similar to his greatest enemys reaction when I had insinuated the very same to him.
But it is certainly punishment, Brynna, and I believe it is a fair and sound one. It is what you need. It will change you. I would say that you should be happy that your punishment is not of the physical sort women like you normally suffer. But believe me when I say that Adam is worse, by far. Now, Paul has already explained these terms to Janna. She has agreed, not that she needed to; it would have happened either way.
Of course she has.
He is now explaining these terms to James, whom I know you know deep down will also agree. Was that not the theme of your earlier conversation? Do whatever is necessary to survive, even if it means renouncing your love for one another? Renouncing all of your beliefs? Adam has no choice in the matter: If he objects, he will be killed, and if there is one thing I can say about him besides the fact that he is far more ruthless and sadistic than I ever have been or could be is that he will do anything to live another day. He fears death more than any of us who fear the true One God do. Adams God is fluff, and still, he fears meeting him in death.
And me? What if I dont fear death?
For a moment that stretched through ages, it seemed, his blue eyes stared into mine. There was a blithe gaiety and heavy amusement in his gaze, and the fire that my own sent back did not dissolve it. When he leaned forward, the bright light reflected off of his harshly angled cheek bones and hard, chiseled, prominent nose to cast black shadows that ran from his eyes down his cheeks like weeks-old blood. 
Oh, Brynna But you do. And you should certainly be thankful for that. There is a certain floating vessel where we put those who supposedly do not fear death. That is no place for a woman like you. So bright. So much potential. There is much good that you can still do. All you have to do is forget these childish ideas fed to you by Don and Adam that we are evil.
You are evil. The things you do are evil. Murder, torture, rape, and brutal, sadistic domination over an innocent yet mindless populace are all the favorite things of evil people.
No. Evil people do those things for themselves. We do those things for good. You know better than anyone that evil is not black and white, my child. Good is not black and white. What you dont know is that evil must sometimes be done for good. Adam knows that, but he will not exert that force over his own people, and look at the disastrous consequences that have been yielded as a result! My people have survived since this war began, three thousand years ago. If we truly were evil, would God not have struck us down by now?
I dont know what your God or any God would have done. But I know that no matter what James or Adam say, I do not agree to your terms.
His smile faded slowly. He had not been expecting that at all.
You know that I cannot allow you to live here amongst us if you do not agree to my terms. I cannot allow you to poison the minds of my people
And I will poison the minds of your people, Tyre. It will start slowly, with just whispers in our pathetic little Submissive Wives Clubs, and that will spread to the men who lived under the laws of Adam and Don, and from all of us, the children will know, and while it might not be us who rise up, it might be our children. Maybe it will be us, maybe it will be them. I can see Penny as a leader, cant you? She has my fire in abundance; in fact, I think she has more of it than I do. Perhaps she and Idan will do what we could not, and they will gather up an uprising of us immortal, evolved folk, and together, we will change things back to the way they were. You better believe that if I cannot convince them, then I will manipulate their minds to accept my reasoning. I am weak now, but when I get stronger, I could manipulate your mind, if I wanted to. I could manipulate Richs mind, and make him bite off the other half of Marys face. I could manipulate Pauls mind, and make him free us all and slit your throat while you are sleeping. I could manipulate every one of your thugs minds, if they have them, and make them turn their guns on themselves. You think Adam is dangerous and sadistic and ruthless? You think that you are dangerous and sadistic and ruthless? Oh, Tyre I shook my head slightly, You have not seen anything yet.
Then you choose the Lapsarian? You choose the prison?
Absolutely, I do. I was the one beaming widely and brightly now, I absolutely adore the sea.
***

I do not know how many days passed before I was reunited with Penny. I measured the days by the meals they gave me, if one can even call them that. The half-cooked eggs and milk told me it was morning, the peanut butter sandwiches told me it was lunchtime, and the rice and meat told me it was dinner. The portions were tiny, but I had always been skilled at subsisting for long periods of time without food. Most of the time, Penny ate both hers and mine, though she always insisted on sharing. I am sure that if I had not had Penny there with me, I would have gone completely out of my mind. But alas, she was there, and her insistence on me telling her stories kept us both sane. Spinning those imaginative yarns kept my mind and hers stimulated. She seemed completely unfazed by our imprisonment, though sometimes she cried for James, or Violet, or Idan, or just the outside world. 
You always said were not meant to be cooped up. We need the sunshine! Do you think theyll let us go outside? She whispered to me one night as we laid on the cot in the corner of the cell. Her head was on my chest, and she smelled like the grainy industrial soap: scentless. I could feel her tears running down onto my chest. She was not sobbing. In fact, if I had not felt her tears, I never would have known that she was crying, but then, she had always been completely undramatic in that way, even as a baby. 
I kissed her forehead and tightened my arms around her, as I had grown accustomed to doing over the countless days we had been in the cell. I just needed to feel her there, rested against me, in my arms, tangible. For days, I had worried that they had harmed her. Maybe they had offered her up as a sacrifice like Tyre had tried to do originally. A few tears escaped my eyes when I thought about how afraid she had to have been. 
I wasnt afraid, She had told me, I knew you and James were here, and I would see you soon.
Slowly, the story had come out: She had run back to the village and was immediately taken to the prison, where she was locked alone in a cell. My father tried many times to acclimate her to him and to their lifestyle, but she would not have it. She confessed to me, somewhat guiltily, that she had thrown tantrums and demanded to see me and her daddy. That did not go over well, to say the least; when they brought her to me, there was dried blood caked in the side of her mouth and a cut down her swollen lip. Had my father been the one to bring her, and had she not been there to witness it, I would have channeled my rage, allowing it to drain the last remaining drops of my strength, and I would have broken both his wrists and every bone in his hands.
The only way to make him stop raising his hand was to take both his hands.
I dont know if theyll let us outside. I had told her, But well be okay, baby. I promise. Together, you and I are going to figure out a way to escape from here.
And well rescue James?
Of course well rescue James. And then, well go off into the woods
I dont want to go into the woods again! It was so scary! The tree monsters!
I know. I told her, and I kissed her head again, I know they are out there, baby. But you know I paused, unsure if I was ready to accept the name she had given him. Was it right that she called him by that moniker, when it was rooted so deeply, as deeply as it could be rooted, in affection for him and trust in his paternal love for her? Was James that permanent that I could allow her to call him that?
What? She looked up at me, her huge blue eyes blinking at me slowly, pushing the last few tears from them in an almost hasty expulsion that was unnoticed by her. What do I know, Mama? 
I knew I was permanent. I knew she could trust my love of her. I corrected her the first few times out of undeserved respect for our real mother, and then, I just stopped. I had always been her mother. I always would be. There were no questions to be asked about that.
Mama, what do I know?
But were there questions to be asked about James?
You know I said, and I paused again. But then, I had had it with asking questions. I knew my heart, and I knew his. You know your daddy and I will protect you. Daddy and I will always protect you. 
I know. She said, and she smiled. There was something assured in that smile, I thought, but I might have just been tired. But then, maybe she really was comforted by my acceptance of her desire to call us Mom and Dad. 
So, I wont be afraid. She said, Dad will carry me, right?
Of course he will.
And youll hold the torch, and you wont drop it like Quinn. Right?
My heart plummeted at the mention of Quinn. I could feel Violets life force, but despite my affection for the other kids, I could not reach out and grasp their essences to determine their state of being like I could with her.
I wont drop it like Quinn did.
Do you think theyre okay? Sometimes I can feel them. When I sleep I can see them. The doctors are with them. And the soldiers beat the tree monsters. Adams doctors, and Adams soldiers. The good Pangaeans.
So, theyre safe? I asked, and for a moment, I let myself believe her.
Yeah, but theyre sick like you were, because they got scratched. And Allie got bit.
Bitten. I corrected her, almost absent-mindedly.
Thats what I said! Allie got bitten.
Well, I am just happy that theyre alright. I said, I knew they would make it.
Me too. But Im glad I came back.
Yeah? I asked.
Yeah. Even though theyre safe, and theyre away from the bad people, Im glad I came back, cuz now were together. All of us. You, me, and Dad. And once we get out of here, well be back with Violet, Allie, Quinn, and Nick.
We will. Youre right. I told her, Youre absolutely right.
Remembering my last words to Tyre, and his promise to put James, Adam, and me onto the Lapsarian, I wondered if Penny would be joining us there. From what I had heard, no children were on the ship; it was all just the very stubborn adults. Those very stubborn adults made up a populace so sizeable that a ship large enough to house a small, old-world, third-world country had been built. We would be joining hundreds in the place where the evil went. Most of them had committed crimes. Instead of being killed outright, they were sent for rehabilitation. Despite the fact that I had not killed any of them (even if only because I had not gotten the chance), I was going to be put in with those who had. I could hold my own, but Penny could not, obviously. She was a child, and though she had proven her abilities against a fully grown man before, I sincerely doubted that she could do the same again. I did not want her to have to do the same again; James and I were lucky that the toll on her was so small, that she had forgotten.
My heart began to beat quickly, and my body lurched upwards. She rolled sideways quickly to let me up. My palms were sweating, and my chest heaved out but still, I could not take in the right amount of air for a deep breath. What would happen to her? Was I out of my mind? I was going to allow her to be put on a ship full of the most brutal Pangaean and Earthean criminals, all because I would not renounce my beliefs in Adams laws? All because I would not renounce my allegiance to him? All because I would not marry him? Penny had always been my priority, and now, I was going to put her into the most dangerous situation imaginable. That ship was far more dangerous than Jannas village under Tyres rule. And if something happened to James and me, what would happen to her?
What would happen to her either way?
My mind was spinning. My eyes were blurry. My breathing was not correct, and the lack of oxygen was severely hindering my ability to create a solution. While I was worrying, I was also chastising myself for being so selfish, for being a failure as a surrogate parent and as a leader. How many families would be torn apart by this new regime? How many people would die? I was worried about my own family chieflyin just that way, I was only human. But my heart ached when I thought of the people for whom I had grown to care so much. I had failed them. When Adam had suggested a counterstrike, and I had convinced him and the Cabinet that it was wrong If I had just let him do it, we would all be safe. Our families would be together, and for the first time since arriving on Pangaea, we would be living free of dangers from other people, and for the first time in our lives, free of war. 
Brynna! A frantic male voice was saying. Brynna!
It was James. It had to be. 
Wake her up! But dont hurt her anymore! Dont you dare, Adam! Pennys voice, so fierce, and yet she was begging him. I could hear her fear but I could also hear her unbreakable strength, her forcefulness.
Brynna, come out of this now. Adam was saying, and his tone was not gentle, but it was also not tinged with scorn and derision, either. 
But it was still Adam talking, and he had tried to kill once purposely, and once accidentally, so I threw myself away from him and finally drew in a deep breath.
It is alive. Adam said sardonically, and he walked away from me, a towering, beastly shadow in the firelight. His head was turned; he could not stand completely upright in our cell.
You got all quiet, and your breathing was funny, and then they threw Adam in here! Penny told me, and she threw her arms around my neck and squeezed, cutting off my newly restored ability to breathe.
Im so sorry, baby. I held her tightly and ran my hand down the back of her hair. How long was it for?
A long time! Like, five minutes!
Im sorry, sweetheart. Im so sorry. Im just tired. And I know you are, too. So, come on. Lets try to lie down, okay?
I cant sleep now! I have to make sure you dont get sick like that again!
No, baby. No, you dont. I am fine. I told her soothingly, and I laid us both back down on the cot. Just close your eyes, sweetheart. Close your eyes and try to rest.
Do you promise you wont go anywhere?
Of course not, baby. Im going to be right here.
It took a lot of convincing and prodding on my part, but eventually, she fell asleep. It was only after she was no longer with us that I remembered Adam being in the room. It was childish and utterly nonsensical, but all I wanted was to launch myself towards him, lock my arms around his neck, and explain everything for the thousandth time. I was disgusted with myself the second those thoughts crossed my mind, and when I crossed my arms over my chest and my shoulders hunched forward, it was to protect me from my own desires that made no sense, not to protect me from him. He had shot me, insulted me, and threatened me. Still, I wanted things to be fixed between us. Every time my brain shrieked in indignant wrath that he had accidentally shot me, the gentler part of me (the one that remembered, with an almost uncomfortable and certainly alarming frequency, our time in the woods together) said that he had not been himself, and I still did not know if he had even been the one to pull the trigger; I might have shot myself. He had been intoxicated by the tree-beast venom. If I had had a gun in my hands when that unearthly rage had been holding me in its grip, I would have shot someone, too, especially one who had hurt me so terribly, whom I thought had betrayed me in the most unforgiveable ways
Do you know how long it has been? He asked.
I was taken aback not only by the random question, but by his quiet tone. 
No. I do not. I am sorr
It has been twelve days. Almost a fortnight. I always begin to feel the signs of imprisonment after a fortnight. This time, it is coming early.
How have they been treating you? I asked softly.
Oh, very well. As captors go, Tyre is rather polite. Three meals a day, albeit ones not big enough to feed a squirrel, let alone a man of my formidable stature, as you used to like to say. Soap. No beatings, just taunts. His head turned to the side, and his profile was outlined by the firelight now. Along the outermost line of that shadow, the firelight was a bright white line, perfectly angled, dipping in at his eye, jutting out over his nose, forming two bumps over his lips, and curving out slightly to make his chin. 
Have they been He paused, either not knowing which word he wished to use, or unsure of whether he wanted to ask the question at all. Have they been cruel to you?
I know you want me to say yes, and tell you in minute detail all the agonizing torments to which they have subjected me. But no, the worse was being separated from Penny. From James. Not knowing if Violet, Quinn, Alice, and Nick made it to safety. Not having the faintest clue as to where Elijah has gotten. If he escaped.
Oh, he did not. He is in Jannas cell. From the sounds of it, they are enjoying their time spent as captives. He sounded unmistakably bitter, but after that one second in which his true emotional distress was evident, he was speaking again in that dull, emotionless voice.
I am sorry that you have to hear it. Her and him, I mean. Copulating and and whatnot. I had wanted to stop, but I had continued, much to my absolute embarrassment. I was glad for how dark our cell was, so that he could not see me blush.
A soft, almost inaudible chuckle that was a melancholy ghost of the ones with which he had used to respond to my jokes or awkwardness gently rattled the silence between us.
Oh, Brynna Your brother, the stupid boy, is not the first, and he will not be the last. I suppose that now is the time for emotional revelations, and though my anger at you is great, I will tell these emotional revelations to you because you are the only one with me, and I fear that my time is drawing to a close.
It is not. I told him bluntly. With all of this involuntary solitude, I have been able to use my power a great deal, albeit not in the way I want to use it. I want to be able to force the top brass of the Old Spirits to bring great humiliation and pain onto themselves publicly before slashing their own throats, but I am so tired that I cannot manipulate their minds to do such things. Pity I shook my head slightly and returned to the topic at hand. But I have been able to look forward. I looked up at him, into his eyes. You live, Adam. I hate to ruin the dramatic moment between us, or the existential crisis you might have been experiencing, but you live. Granted, as things stand right now, and they stand resolutely and unwaveringly, you, Janna, James, and I will be boarding the Lapsarian and fighting for our lives there for many, many years. The darkness aboard that ship is denser than I ever could have imagined. There is no light, not even a flicker. Staring into it, when I cast my mind out, it is I drew in a slight breath and shook my head slightly, not looking at him even though he was now looking at me, It is unimaginable. So vast, and so terrible. We will all be tested there. I cannot see if we die there, but I know that you will be kept from us. What I cannot see is where Penny ends up, and that is what scares me the most. Something that I feel in my heart when I see my future self tells me that I made sure she gets away. That is the only flicker of hope I see. That she is living, and she is alright. She is safe, and reasonably happy.
Brynna He turned to me.
I know that you believe all of this is my fault. The bullet and the near strangulation from twelve days ago showed me that, but Adam, I know that you know the truth about it all.
Do not. He said, I will not discuss this with you in quarters where you cannot escape if my temper gets the best of me. Brynna, please Please. I do not want to hurt you. Even though they want me to hurt you.
What do you mean?
Oh, did they not tell you that you are my wife? Are you unfamiliar with their practices when it comes to matrimony? The woman is not given the choice to accept or deny the man. The man asks, or in this case, is told, and the woman is his. So, by the utterly ridiculous rules of these savages, you are now my wife. Your fixation on older men has officially been used against you. They believe this is a joke, or that it is belittling to you. This is an effort to take something about you that they find utterly disgusting and offensive and turn it into something degrading. Marry the leader you betrayed. The one who wants to kill you. Tyre has a sense of humor that is almost childish in its simplicity.
I dont know. I said. My eyes rose to meet his again, and I shrugged one shoulder. It seems rather complex. If you had not explained the joke to me, I never would have gotten it.
I suppose they do not know the extent of the feelings I had for you. Or the ones, I presume, you had for me.
You know I had feelings for you, Adam.
I thought that you did. And then you agreed to contemplate the deal Paul was trying to make with you. For her, Brynna. For the woman who not only was partially responsible for the destruction of your world, for the decimation of your race, but whom you told me you hated. Who wronged you in such unforgivable ways. If you could betray me for her, then what am I to think of how you see me?
Is that what this is about? You think I value her life over yours? That you deserve my respect and love more than she does? Adam, it is not about how I see you, for the sake of all deities and Gods! It was not about that! It was about her right to live, to not be tortured. He led me to believe that she was suffering terribly, and yes, despite all she had done, despite all of the horrible things for which she was partially responsible, I could not stand the thought of her suffering! No matter how I feel about any of them, about my father, Maura, or my mother, they dont deserve to be tortured! No one deserves that! How can you even say that?! How can you even suggest that it had anything to do with how I saw you?! It was only for her, and if it had been you, if they had offered you the chance to save someone you loved from unspeakable things
Dont you say it, Brynna Olivier. Dont you dare say it He growled, but the words were already halfway out of my mouth before I could stop them. 
If you could go back, and they offered you a chance to save Clara
The second her name had been spoken, he was on me. My back was to the wall, and his fangs, thicker and sharper than any I had ever seen, were glistening as he hissed in my face. A growl left him, and I heard a roar bubbling behind it. 
I warned you not to make me angry in here, Brynna Olivier! He shouted, and when I pushed him hard, he stumbled back several steps before charging me and holding me against the wall again. That time, he did roar in my face. The sound rattled the bars on my door and made the celebratory sounds above us go silent for a second. Penny sat bolt upright in bed, her eyes only half open.
Shh! I hissed at him, and I balled up my fingers into a fist and hit him with a brutal upper-cut in the stomach. He grunted, but the force of the hit did not knock the wind out of him the way I wanted it to. In that moment of shock and pain, his upper half collapsed, and his face rested against my shoulder. After a few seconds, Penny laid back down, sound asleep again.
You will not speak of her! You will not use her to make your point! Adam growled at me, And you will never strike me again!
Oh, but you can throw me against a wall? In what universe is that alright, Adam?
In Tyres universe! Tyres universe, in which, need I remind you, we now reside!
So, you will adopt his ways now?
Of course I will not! I try to control myself with you, but by the one God, the hatred I have for you The blind loathing I have for you brings out this demon in me! He slammed his fist into the wall by my head, This animal is your making, Brynna! You have done this to me!
Oh, well, it seems you are adopting his ways, even if you do not know it. I am doing this to you. This is not your fault. Your rage is not your responsibility. Blame the victim. Thats what his people do, and have always done.
Yes, because you are the victim. Of course you are! Of course youre the victim! Even though you have brought this hell down upon us! What made you think that when Paul came to see about your deal, he would not bring others with him? He would not lead others to us!
All he wanted was you and Janna. Then he would give us time to run before they came after us. First, all he wanted was you and Janna, but I
I have heard this story so many times, I could recite it with you as you say it, Brynna. I understand, alright? I understand that you were not going to hand us over to them. I suppose I should forgive you for even considering it, because it was your mother they were offering you, and the human side of you did not want to see her hurt. But God, I cannot forgive your blind stupidity! I cannot forgive how you allowed your emotions to blind you to logic! The disappointment I feel in you is great. I thought because you were the last of the Athenes that you would never lead us to such ruin. You were above such petty, juvenile mistakes. My, how I was wrong. Sending Maxwell after you was a bloody waste of my time, and the waste of a completely useful, pathetically obedient dog. I should have left you to die. Well, no matter 
The door opened, and two men came in and pulled Penny out of the bed.
Dont worry. I had them slip Slumber Root into her food. She will not awaken before this is done. Preventing her from witnessing this was the only kindness I could possibly offer you, and it is for her, not for you.
Penny! I called, running after her. But the man not carrying her slammed the door before I could stop them from taking her away. 
Play nice, kiddies! He shouted in the door, and his gleaming white teeth glinted through the bars, And congratulations, newlyweds! No ceremony, but at least you get the wedding night, right?!
Well be right out here to make sure that things go well, but dont worry, you will have as much privacy as humanly possible. I heard Pauls uncomfortably chipper voice say, Prost! 
I whipped around to see Adam unbuckling his belt, and my stomach tumbled away, leaving a vast empty space in the center of me. My heart was hammering so quickly that my brain could not keep up, so it just spun and spun. Beneath my feet, the floor rose and fell. I had watched Michael do it, take off his belt, saunter towards me, that glint in his eyes that I had only seen in the eyes of hungry animals in my picture books But Adams eyes had no such glint, and when his hands grasped my arms, and he pulled me towards him, his thoughts flooded into my already dangerously overstimulated mind. They were breezing by so quickly that I could not pick them out, but I saw past that unstoppable torrent into his heart, and I saw such unfathomable pain. He had not done this before. He had never hurt someone like this. Anyone but her God, please, anyone but her
He pulled me against him, and the breath I tried to draw in quaked and died not even halfway through the inhalation. He pushed my hair back away from my ear with one hand, and after that, his trembling hand was pulling the zipper of my sweatshirt down.
We will not do this. Not really. Just go along with what I do. He whispered in my ear, and though he was trying to assure me through his strength that he was in control of the situation, his voice shook ever so slightly. Just let me lead you, and they will never know the difference, alright? They will think that I have done it. Alright?
Somehow, I forced my throat to unlock, and for words to be spoken through the sharp, rapid half-breaths my lungs were taking in.
This is to belittle me yes? Make me want to obey them?
Yes.
This is supposed to break me?
He pulled away from me and nodded. 
I am sorry. So sorry, Brynna, that they are doing this to you. But I will not hurt you Not really I will not h
I pushed him away from me, rage coursing through me. It terrified me, that unfathomable wrath. I despised them. Every last one of them. Their abhorrent lifestyle, their shameful, downright sadistic and evil laws, their perverse and merciless creed that was galaxies away from the true meaning of the creed from which theirs had sprung, from the true will of God I could have allowed them to think that Adam had raped me on our wedding night, even though he was not actually going to do it. Or I could show them, for the first time of many, that they could never, ever break me. They could never make me weak.
I pushed Adam back, and then I unzipped my sweatshirt and threw it off. 
Brynna? He said in utter confusion.
I pushed him back for the third time until his back hit the wall. Before he could speak again, I pressed my lips hard against his and rooted my tongue into his mouth. It took one second for his shock to dissipate, and then, his tongue began to push back against mine just as forcefully. It was what he had wanted to do for so long, to kiss me that way, to feel my body pressed hard against his, to hear my breaths deepening and my voice whispering his name.
It was a childish notion, but I had always thought that I would have to learn to kiss another man. Perhaps I was only a skilled kisser with James because I knew how he kissed and how to kiss in response. In short, I would have to shut off my personal preferences and learn the ebb and flow of someone elses kissing patterns. But Adam would have no such thing; my lips were the ones dominating the kiss, deciding how hard or how soft our mouths would be pressed together, how deeply our tongues would go. Adam was kissing me back according to my intensity, to my direction. I had full control. I stood on my tiptoes, wrapped my arms around his neck, and then dropped my hips against him. In between one of my forceful kisses, he gasped when I began to rub against him. For a few seconds, he let me do it, and all the while, his breathing deepened. Then, he was pushing me backwards and picking me up when I stumbled over my feet. We slammed against the door, rattling it in its frame, and his lips broke free from mine so he could move them down my neck. Quickly, his hands unbuttoned and unzipped my jeans and pushed them down my legs. Then, he was running his rough palms up and down my smooth skin, all while keeping my body pressed firmly to the door, all while kissing, licking, and sucking the spot on my neck that made me breathe deepest and moan loudest, the spot that he had found so quickly, seemingly with little effort. Just when I began to feel that rush of warm moisture between my legs from the contact of his rough skin on mine, the weight of his body against me, and his lips on my neck, his hands were up, pulling the straps of my tank-top off of my shoulders so he could slide it down my torso. At the same time, I was pushing his jeans to the ground.
Not much screaming in there, Rexprimus! Paul said cheerfully out in the hallway, Are you having some manly trouble? You are quite old, after all. But then, shes probably used to that problem, arent you, Ms. Olivier? Manly trouble?
Oh, no I moaned when he pressed himself against me. I reached down between his pelvis and mine and rubbed my hand over his erection. When he pressed against me even harder, it forced the next breath I took to turn into a gasp. No trouble No trouble
Adam chuckled softly in my ear, and it was the sound I had always known and had grown to love so much. His hands came around behind my back to unhook my bra, which he pulled off and threw aside. My black thong was ripped off and thrown in a similarly unceremonious fashion. My hands were up, grasping the bars on the door, gripping them tightly in both hands, when he took two steps back, away from me.
Stay just like that. He said breathlessly. Let me see you. 
My heartbeat increased slightly as very slight self-consciousness overtook me for just one second. James and I had been naked in front of each other a million times. He had certainly seen every part of me, and he never let me doubt how aroused he was by me. But never once had he asked to just stand back so he could look at me, so he could observe me closely, the way Adams searching gaze was observing me. His green eyes began at mine, moved slowlyso slowlydown, down, down My grip on the bars tightened even more, but not because I was afraid of what he would say, but because seeing him looking at me that wayseeing his unbelievably beautiful eyes glaze over the second they met mine, to see the lust in them deepen as he looked at me, to see his desire grow, to hear his breaths coming in deeper and slowermade my face hotter than it had ever been before, my breaths faster and deeper than they had ever been before, and the heavy, screaming longing between my legs more insistentit was absolutely violent, utterly savagethan it had even been before in my life. 
I had always been confident about my body, and over my two years with James, I had become perfectly arrogant about it, as every girl should be. I had my moments of weakness when sleek, raven-haired queens or bleached-blonde, blue-eyed, size negative-three comfort workers coveted my men, but even in those moments, I knew I was beautiful, just maybe not as fitting with the idea of socially conventional beauty. In short, I was not perfect. But in Adams gaze, I saw that he thought me perfect, and that belief, coupled with my own perception of myself, provoked the most heightened arousal in me that I had ever experienced. 
You are perfection, Brynna Olivier. He breathed, speaking out loud what I knew he had been thinking. You affirm what I have always thought: I am unworthy of you.
No. I said, and I reached out, took his hands, pulled him back to me, and wrapped his arms around me. As I kissed him slowly wherever my lips could reach, I slid my hand into his boxers to wrap around him, and a shudder passed through me. Under my breath, I murmured, Oh my God and he chuckled but said nothing, because he could not possibly say anything when my hand began to move forward and back, slowly at first, but then slightly faster, as my grip got slightly tighter 
Not yet. He whispered breathlessly, and I released him. Let me take care of you first. 
Rexprimus, what is happening in there? Paul asked, The young lads out here are getting antsy, because they came for the show you promised them, and you are not delivering.
Whatever you want Adam said to me loudly enough so they could hear but still breathlessly, Whatever you want me to do, Brynna Olivier, I am yours. Tell me what you want, and you will have it.
I smiled and looked up at him. And loudly enough so they could hear, I said:
Get down on your knees.
Yes, ma reine. He dropped to his knees in front of me with no further ado. I gasped, and my hands flew up to grasp the bars on the door again when he began to devour me. Both of his hands crept up my torso to caress my breasts, to push them up and together, so his fingers could move outwards to knead and pinch my nipples Every time I thought that the pleasure was at its peak, his tongue found a spot that had not been fully stimulated and pushed hard and fast or licked slowly against it. My hands were holding his to my breasts, and my head was tilted back as I moaned. Wild, sensuous, passionate fire was spreading through me, through every part of me, and within mere minutes, I was not only coming for him, I was coming for him and screaming out his name, and his name dissolved into a long, loud moan that the whole building had to have heard.
Now what? He asked, licking and kissing my inner thigh, Again? I will live on my knees in front of you, giving you pleasure this way, if you require it of me.
Yes, you will. I said breathlessly yet firmly, and I dropped to my knees in front of him so I could kiss him again. My hands moved up and down his back as we kissed. 
That is enough. Paul said, but I spun Adam around so he was against the door, keeping it firmly shut. There was no way that I would allow him to remove Adam from my cell now. I threw my leg over him and grinned up at Paul, whose furious face was in the doorway. 
Then I slid myself down onto Adams erection and began to thrust as hard as I could, with everything I had, with all the rage, and pride, and pent-up frustration I felt. His hand twisted in my hair and pulled my head back so he could lick my neck, and I heard him growling and snarling, and felt his fangs grinding into my neck, my shoulders, my cheeks, my lips, and my breasts when his mouth claimed each of them. When I pulled his head back by his hair, my fangs shot out, and my hips bucked faster as I rammed my tongue into his mouth again. 
If only my body had been slightly less malnourished, if only I had been slightly stronger, I might have been able to continue riding him as fast and as hard as I was. But I was slowing, and Adam was nowhere near close to finishing, and neither was I. But my body was slowing, wanting nothing more than for my hips to keep bucking forward so powerfully but unable to do so. When they shuddered and stopped, and my body, trembling violently with the desire to keep going, collapsed forward onto him, gasping and fighting tears of frustration and longing to finish for both his sake and mine, I started to apologize.
Before I could even get out a single word, he rose while he was still inside of me, and my arms and legs wrapped around him. With unthinkable ease, he carried me to the cot quickly. My back was on the hard mattress, but the rest of me was hanging off, held up in his hands. Now, he was the one thrusting hard, and at the angle at which my body was contorted, he was hitting me even more precisely in all the right places than he had been before. 
Oh, my God I moaned, Oh, God, Adam Oh, right there 
My arms curled back, and I took two fistfuls of the thin blanket in my hands and squeezed.
Oh, God Oh, God I gasped out, as that warmth and heaviness grew and grew to absolute fullness, and every thought in my mind disappeared, and every trouble in the world evaporated like it had never existed. 
Climax and reaching my peak do not even begin to cover it. I had never, in my life, experienced that My vision went blurry, and when the fire light exploded into a blinding flash of light as he groaned out my name, I threw my body upwards so I could latch onto his front at the exact second that I began to come. It was minutes, not seconds, that my insides contracted and expanded, writhed and pulsed and throbbed and screamed By the time my body relaxed, I had tears streaming down my cheeks. It was only after I opened my eyes that I realized we were lying on the bed. Well, my back was on the bed, my feet were on the floor, and he was on his knees in front of me, his wide, muscular torso, at which it was almost painful to look, covering mine protectively from the gaze of the men who were struggling to see in the door. 
Adam, she will pay for this dearly. Paul spat at him furiously, You will learn to screw her right, and she will learn to submit. 
As Paul spoke, Adams large, rough hands had been grasping my small breasts, and his tongue had been flicking over, sliding around, or sucking gently on my nipples. But after Paul said those words, Adam wrapped me up in the thin blanket on the bed and then rose to his feet. Calmly, he walked forward, and I threw off the blanket and slunk up behind him, wrapped my arms around his firm midsection, and rested my head on his shoulder. So suddenly that it even startled me, Adam reached through the bars and grabbed Paul by the back of his neck. He pulled him forward with all of his might until Pauls face slammed into the iron bars. A crack was audible, and I wondered which of Pauls bones had broken. Even as four young boysthe rest of our audiencetried their best to help, they could not, and Adam was only gripping Paul with one hand. When Adams other hand came through the bars, reached into Pauls mouth, and grasped hold of his tongue, the other boys backed off, eyes wide and terrified. All the while, I kissed Adams shoulder, up his neck, to his cheek, and back again slowly. When he spoke, I nestled my face against his shoulder again. 
Threaten her again, and I take your tongue. Adam snarled at him so ferociously, a shudder passed through me. Lay a finger on her, and I take them all. Rape her He smirked at him, And I will search for something between your legs, and whatever I find, I will take from you. Do you understand me?!
Paul did not respond, so Adam gave his tongue a hard pull. That did the trick; Paul nodded vigorously and tried to shout that he did understand.
Good. Now run along and tell Tyre how bad we have been. Run along and tell him how my love demands pleasure, and how I love nothing in this world more than submitting to her demands. When I kissed his cheek, he looked back at me and kissed my lips.
I recognize her power and revere her absolutely. She is my queen. I am not her King; I am nothing but a servant who lives to oblige her desires. Tell them all that King Adam Elohimson drops to his knees at Brynna Oliviers command. Most importantly, tell them that he loves doing it.
If she will not break, and you will not break her If you will not obey, either of you Paul hissed, Then there is nothing left for us to do.
Perhaps not. But we have done much for you.
Yes. I smiled, Taught you some tricks.
Taught us how to be a pussy is more like it. One of the younger boys said, but he did not sound sure of that assertion in the slightest.
Lets go. All of you. Paul ordered, and as they went up the stairs, I heard that same young boy murmur, My wife never sounds like that
Shut up! Paul snapped.
Adam and I were laughing softly at that when he lifted me up into his arms and carried me back to the cot. Once I was lying on it, he kneeled beside me and caressed my lips softly with his. His mouth moved down so he could gently plant light kisses up my stomach, to my breasts, to my neck, and to my lips again.
I do not know what to say. He told me, I have not the slightest idea. 
We both laughed again, because truly, what was there to say?
How about I am sorry. I suggested, I will never call you such awful names again, or threaten you, or accidentally shoot you, or put you into a situation in which you could accidentally shoot yourself, or push you into walls Well, I will not push you into walls unless it is while we are having amazing, passionate, wild sex.
He laughed.
I am sorry. I will never call you such awful names again, or His smile faded, and his fingers traced over the scar just below my collarbone. God He whispered, and he came down to kiss the scar, holding his lips to it for a long second and then kissing it quickly again. 
It has eaten me alive for days. It has consumed me. The guilt I was furious, but I could never do you harm. You knew that, and it infuriated me more. But you know I could not harm you by my own will.
I do know that. I knew that you could threaten me, but when the time came for you to act on those threats, you did not, despite your anger. Despite how much you hated me.
I did not hate you. You know that. You knew my lies even when I did not. You knew my heart, as you always have, even when I did not.
I smiled and pulled him to me so I could kiss him, this time slowly but with just as much passion as before.
Oh, you crazed woman What have we done? He asked, and we were laughing again, Oh, we have done it now, havent we?
Yes. Yes, we have.
It is worth it. It is worth it just so I did not have to even pretend to do what they told me to do. It is worth it, because you showed them that you will never bow down to me or anyone else. You will never let them break you that way.
I will never let them break me in any way. Did that hurt your masculine pride terribly, saying you enjoy submitting to my demands?
No. He replied, I do apologize.
No, that is actually a better answer.
Is it?
Yes. I said, and I giggled because he was moving in for another kiss.
I am glad. He said just before he kissed me again. You do know that I was not saying that just for them. That is the truth. Whatever you want from me, you will have it always. And not just like this. In every way, Brynna, I will give you anything and everything you want.
Yeah? I asked.
Yes. 
And what do I give you in return? I dont have anything material.
You have plenty. Do you not know yet that you are everything to me? You are all I have wanted since the day I learned that you existed. I knew you would be my weakness, and you are. But by the one God, you are also my greatest strength. Because of that, and because of how deeply I care for you, you will always have what you want. Always.
I smiled and raised my head to kiss him again.
And what if I want both you and James?
He kissed me again, his heart and mind calm, as though he had been expecting me to say that.
Then we will shake hands and make peace. And we will work on our envy, and our rivalry, and we will realize that our ultimate goal is the same: for your happiness to be unrivaled and unbreakable. If you want us both, then you will have us both. I will lay down my arms, as they say, with him, if it will make you happy. 
You honestly think I will be able to convince him of that?
Yes. Together, we can convince him. Together, we will. I will always have my objections to him, but you love him very much, and I know that. Lately, he has not given me a reason to threaten him; he has treated you well. I have been far worse to you than he ever has been, and I know that, as well. I know that, Brynna, and I will make up for it, in every way I can. I promise.
I know.
I was childish. I allowed my hurt at your betrayal to cloud my reasoning. I could not see through my anger into your true motives, and I would not accept your explanation. I am so sorry for that. His fingers brushed over the scars on my chest. For everything, my beauty, I am sorry.
I reached up when I saw that he had tears in the eyes. They were the first I had ever seen, except when he was slowly dying from his poisoned wound in the forest with me so many years earlier. Gently, I wiped his tears away and raised my head to kiss him again.
In any other world, I would never tolerate such violence. I would never be here with you like this if it had happened on Earth or in another life, nor would I ever be with you if it happened again, obviously. But for this one, because, like James, you were under the influence, I will let it slide.
He looked at me, his eyebrows creasing slightly in confusion.
It means you are off the hook.
His face broke into a slightly embarrassed smile, and I laughed somewhat hysterically, covering my mouth to stifle the sound.
It means that I forgive you, Adam. My stars!
Oh! Yes, alright. I will have to write these expressions down to forever avoid these humbling moments of incomprehension.
Yes, you must. 
When they brought Penny back to us, she was still asleep, thank God or the Gods. Adam lifted me, yanked the blanket off of the cot, wrapped me in it, and laid me back down before the guards had even gotten fully in the door. Even though I was covered, he still kept his arms around me and held me to his chest. After the guards left, we got dressed, fearing that Penny would awaken and find us wrapped, limbs entwined, on the cot, naked and so obviously guilty of the transgressions we had just committed. After we were dressed, we sat on the floor by the bed, and with his arms around me, he fell asleep against my shoulder. 
Just for a few minutes. I promise. He murmured drowsily, and I looked back to find his eyes drooping. I held my lips to his for a long moment, and then nestled my forehead against his.
You have not slept in days. I am fine. Sleep for as long as you need to.
No. Just a few Just a few min
I giggled softly to myself when he passed out completely, and then I laid back and rested my head against his. 
It was while he was sleeping there that the panic set in. How would I ever explain what had just happened to James? How could I ever think that he would accept the idea of me having both him and Adam? I would have to let one of them go, and I knew I could not live without James. He was my everything, my first love, the surrogate father to Penny We had built a life together. But my heart never lost its fire for Adam, even when our fight was at its most vicious. Even after one of us had pulled that trigger I had known then, the same way I had known with James, that he had not been himself. It was hard to make that excuse for both of them; it was hard to accept the possibility (though it was possible; in fact, it was true) that the two men I loved could hurt me in such terrible ways due to being under the influence of hallucinogenic substances.
And then, what if the Old Spirits were right about my love for these older men? I thought briefly what the press back home might have said. Surely, they would have blamed my mother. They would have said that her lack of maternal capabilities had led me to look for love in all the wrong places. Either that, or they would have blamed my dad, saying that if he had been more attentive, I would not have developed daddy issues. Were my mother and father to blame for my love of older men? Were they responsible for my love of that one older woman?
The one thing in this world we cant help is to whom we are attracted, physically, sexually, and emotionally. I had told Alice that when she had asked me for advice. I had told her the story of Rachel, when I had told no one else but Adam since Rachel had died. She had accepted that line of reasoning about attraction because it was true. I could not help that it was James and Adam to whom I was so drawn. I could not help it that boys my own ageindeed, boys even ten or fifteen years older than meleft me feeling bored, annoyed, and quite frankly, disgusted. When Rachel had been alive, and we had been together, I had assumed that I was lesbian, and that was perfectly fine. As it turns out, my sexuality was not clear cut, as sexuality so often is not. And as it turns out, my sexuality did not just apply to gay or straight, it applied to different subgenres of the two sexes: old or young, street smart and sarcastic versus bookish and sheltered, power versus powerless, Herculians versus Rexprimusi of Pangaea. People can dissect this all they want, and I have heard that they do. I have heard it is a topic of much debate. But all you need to know is this: my love for them constructs a colossal part of me. My love of such a strange assembly of characters, male and female, Earthean and Pangaean, old and old, is me. 
So, if I wanted to be with both Adam and James, my two older men, then I would be. If they made me happy (and God, I knew that James did, and once Adam and I repaired the damage to our relationship, he would make me happy, too), then I was allowed to love them both. Maura would have said that it would tear me apart, having to split myself between them. But she was wrong, because somehow, we would make it work. Somehow, they would grow to understand. Somehow, they would accept that my heart was too large and too strange for just one of them.
***

I had been dozing on the floor with Adam, my head falling forward or lolling from side to side, when the door to the cell opened. The whine of the rusty hinges startled me so terribly that even once I was awakened, I felt the coursing of adrenaline through me, and as always, that coursing of adrenaline was coupled with a desire to fight, but because my body was so weak, I just had to ignore that feral urge, which had already been weak to begin with. 
Brynna!
His voice startled me worse than the hinges. I jumped up, and Adam had been sleeping with his head rested against the wall, so he did not know that I was gone. To be honest, I forgot all about him when I saw James. Despite how our last conversation had broken my heart, my love for him was stronger than ever. I had missed him terribly over however many days had passed since I had seen him. Now, I could have been pursuant to his decision that we were broken up, but instead, I kissed him hard and squeezed my arms around him as tightly as I could. When he did not kiss me back, and his arms wrapped around me limply, I pulled away, my mind befuddled by his dedication to our separation.
But after he looked at me for a second, he muttered, Fuck it, and grasped my face in both hands and kissed me just as hard as I had kissed him. 
I was so honorable before I was still kissing him, even as he tried to talk, It was the right thing to do Now Im undoing it
It was honorable, but have you not realized that this cant be undone? How many times have one or both of us tried to end it? Or done something that could end it My words stopped me. The feeling of my heart plummeting again, and that emptiness left in my chest were enough to make me pull away from him and turn away. There was a long silence between us. I felt his eyes on me, and then I felt them leave, and then they came back; I knew that in the interim, he was looking at Adam. 
James I whispered.
I already know. He said, and his voice was unreadable, but I could not bear to turn around and see the look of pain or anger on his face. I knew it had to be there; they would have told him that I did it voluntarily. That we were huddled together lovingly afterwards. That we had reconciled in the same way that James and I always did. But when I finally forced myself to turn and look at him, I saw that his face was as blank and shallow as his tone had been.
James, Im not sorry. I am sorry that I am not sorry, but they wanted him to Because were married now, they wanted him to Were married now.
I know. Im married to Janna apparently. I had no choice, and I know Adam didnt have a choice, either.
You didnt My arms came up to wrap themselves around my middle, to Janna, did you?
What? He asked, and he was completely confused as to what I was referring, and I breathed a sigh of relief. What?! Oh, my God, Brynna, you think I raped her?
No! I am just assuming that since they sent Adam here to do that to me that they told you to do the same to Janna.
We had to consummate it, they said, but she knew we had to do it, or they would kill us both. That doesnt make it any better, for either one of us. But its over now.
I thought she was with Elijah.
Theyre letting that continue because they think that her having both of us hurts you. With me, its because were together, and with him, its because you know shes toxic and is going to hurt him eventually.
He can do what he wants. I said, but then I paused and gathered together the old feelings of affection for him that I once had. Have you seen him? How does he look?
We talked, believe it or not. All he kept saying is that he wants to make amends with you. He was so upset, Brynn. He misses you, and he wants to put things right when he sees you.
All of my anger at him faded away, and in its sudden absence, I found room to chastise myself for allowing our feud to go on for so long. Even though our lives were not short, as the old saying went, our times between peace and chaos were, and now, I was being kept from him, and we could not easily make amends, and if something happened to one or both of us, we would die knowing that we had never made peace. We had been so close on Earth, but being on Pangaea had torn us apart. 
Baby He walked towards me and grasped my shoulders gently. His hands moved down to rub my arms and then came back up to rest on my shoulders. I heard all about it from them. They wanted me to get angry. God, they were certainly pissed off. He laughed softly, and I was reassured by that. You showed them up. And he helped you do it, and Im God, I cant believe Im saying this Im grateful to him for that. The thought of him being with you like that, though
You think me envisioning you entwined with Janna Jameson does not make me want to scream?
I know it does. He kissed my shoulder, I know, sweetheart. We did what we had to do. You did. I did. And it might have to keep happening. As long as were with these people, theyre going to keep screwing with us in whatever way possible
And in turn, we will have to screw people who are not each other.
No. Not in turn. Because they are screwing with us, we will have to screw people that are not each other.
I need to confess to you that what happened between Adam and me was not I unwrapped my arms from around his neck and rubbed my forehead, trying to think how best to phrase what I was trying to say. The best way to phrase it would be to not phrase it at all, but I had said that I wanted them both, and James needed to know that. 
It was not altogether unpleasant. I finished.
Well, no. He said, and he looked almost as comical when he was confused as Adam did. I didnt think that it would be. It wasnt altogether unpleasant with Janna, either.
Instantaneously, it was like a fist had landed squarely in my stomach with enough force to shatter concrete.
Did you just trick me? He asked, panic-stricken, once I doubled over to put my hands on my knees. You just tricked me. Shit!
What do you mean I tricked you?
You said that about Adam so I would tell you that about Janna. Oh, my God, I cannot believe I walked right into that! After weve been together for so long, and I thought I had learned to avoid these little traps you set up! Do you see what happens when we spend too much time apart? Two weeks, and Ive lost all my skills!
James, I was not tricking you! I meant what I said about Adam. I looked up at him, though I was still doubled over, My stars, honey, you wish.
He was silent, but he chuckled softly after a second.
Youre right. I do wish. I wish I hadnt said what I said about Janna, too, though not as much See, that doesnt sound right. It sounds like I wished it had been unbearable with Adam, and that would mean the worst, and you know thats not what I mean.
I know. I said, and he sat down on the cot next to Penny. Absent-mindedly, his hand came to rest on her back.
Shes out like a light. He said, and he leaned over to kiss her forehead and her cheek, God, its the first time Ive seen her in His voice locked, and I walked over and sat behind him. Gently, I kissed his shoulder. My hands ran up his back, and through his thin white shirt, I felt ridges on his skin that I had not felt when I had first thrown my arms around him. 
James I said, and when I went to pull his shirt up, he quickly turned away from me.
Dont. Its fine.
What happened?! I asked, and forcefully, I turned his shoulders so his back was to me again. I raised his shirt and wanted to gasp, but I knew from reading into his mind that he was unaware how badly it looked, so I forced myself to have no reaction.
I do not know how many times they must have hit him, or with what, exactly, but if the lashes made on me with the thorn-covered vine were frightening, the lashes on his back were downright menacing. They covered every inch of his back, slashed in every direction, longer than a foot each. Dried blood was caked around each cut, and when I looked down, I saw that it had saturated the top of his jeans. Though my knowledge on First Aid was only slightly above average, I could still tell that the cuts had been made within the past few days, and from the heat of his skin, I knew that an infection was beginning to set in. 
Come here. I stood up, and pulled him over to the sink. 
What?
Take off your shirt.
I dont think now is the time or the place for were-reunited-hooray sex.
I grinned only when my back was to him, but when I turned back around, I was frowning, one eyebrow raised, hands crossed over my chest, and one foot out in the newest reformation of my battle stance.
Oh, God He groaned, dragging the word out dramatically and covering his face for a second. He fell onto his knees in front of me, wrapped his arms around my middle, and rested the side of his face against my stomach.
You have no idea how much I missed the battle pose. The James-youre-an-asshole pose. The you-better-do-what-I-say-or-I-will-have-your-head-decorating-my-fireplace-mantle pose. Oh, my God, I could cry. Im feeling feelings right now.
I did that unintentionally. You know it is a reflex for me to stand that way when you are angering me. But if I would have known what joy it brings you
I know. You would have done it sooner.
No, I would not have done it all, because it does not have the desired effect. Now, take off your shirt.
He laughed, somewhat weakly, but there was a ghost of his usual raucous laughter. We both looked over at Adam and Penny to find that they were still sleeping soundly.
I dont think it is advisable for us to do anything in here. Honey, our daughter is right there, and so is your husband!
Oh, you make it sound like such a soap opera.
Is it not a soap opera?
I will rip your shirt off if you do not take it off.
Fine, He sighed, I like this shirt. I would like to keep it.
He pulled his shirt off, and I was struck by how thin he had gotten.
Thats why they did it. He whispered, and all traces of his joking mood from a second earlier were gone. I told them I wouldnt eat. Not until they let you and Penny go.
I gently ran my fingertips down his chest, stopping to brush them lightly over each one of his prominently exposed ribs. I wrapped my arms around his back and pulled him to me, kissing his neck, his shoulder, and then back up to his lips.
You must stop being so noble. I whispered, and very gently, I kissed him again.
I have to make up for all the times when I was a dog, remember? He asked, and I laughed softly, though doing so made the tears that had suddenly come into my eyes fall. 
With the cloth on the sink, I dabbed off his back as gently as I could. I prayed that there was some antibacterial qualities to the soap I was using, because I knew that if it went untreated, his infection would become severe within a few days. 
Am I hurting you? I asked him softly, though he gave me no reason to ask. He was so quiet and motionless I thought he had fallen asleep sitting up.
He swallowed hard and shook his head.
I stopped, realizing suddenly why he was so quiet and motionless. 
Baby I turned him gently and eased his head onto my chest. I saw in his mind all his thoughts and fears, all his shame for breaking down. His tears ran freely, and the only sound he made was a deep breath every few minutes, and even that he tried to stifle by burying his face deeper into my chest. I did not say anything, because if he was crying that way, I knew he must have resisted it for a long time and I did not want to interrupt him. Besides that, I could no longer find words to reassure anyone. I was weakening more and more as each hour passed, and slowly, that weakness had drained my ability to See. For the first time since coming to Pangaea, I did not have my newly evolved sense of Foresight. I could still read into his mind, but the thoughts were hazy, fogged, tucked away from me; they were fading fast. For the first time, I felt human again.
I never wanted this. He managed to say after many minutes of him crying had passed. Almost hastily, he added, For you. For her, He gestured to Penny, For Violet. I just wanted
Shh I raised his head and kissed him gently, I know, James. I know.
Do you know what happens from here? He asked, and his eyes were agleam with both hope and fear: hope that I might tell him we would escape, find Violet and the rest of our people, create a miraculous plan to counterstrike the Old Spirits, and win the war, freeing the rest of our people in the process and finally winning our place on Pangaea, and fear that none of those things would be true, could ever possibly be true.
It is better not to know, James.
What happens? Is it His throat locked again, but he pushed through it, swiping at his eyes, Is it me? Am I going to die?
Of course not! I grasped his face in both hands hard and spoke firmly. Do you think I would be this calm if I were going to lose you? No. I have not seen any deaths, but that does not mean that it cannot happen. It just means that the transmission has not been received yet. James, it is better for you not to be burdened with the things that will happen. I know only one thing that will come to pass, and it is better that I know the depth of it alone. There is no point to both of us carrying it. There is no point in me pointlessly scaring you with it.
Of course there is! I can
What? I asked, What, James?
He leaned forward and rested his forehead against mine.
You shouldnt have to know alone. It scares you. I know it does. I could sense it when I first saw you. You get this look when its something thats coming. I know that look. I dream about it. It scares me more than anything else, Brynna.
I did not know what to say, so I simply did not say anything. For a long time, we stayed there, our foreheads pressed together and his hand rested on my face, his thumb stroking my cheek. 
What about them? Can you hear their thoughts? He asked me later, Tyre? The Bachums? Paul? 
I had been hearing little snippets of their thoughts, but more than anything, I could feel the tension between them. There was dissent, and that dissent had grown from something to do with James, Adam, and me. It was violent, like a chemical reaction in which they and we were the two separate groups of reactive agents and together, we would cause a deadly explosion or a toxic, invisible gas. A rebellion would occur; I could see that. But how would they rebel?
My heart, for what felt like the hundredth time that day, moved painfully and abruptly from its usual spot in my chest. This time, however, it shot upwards, beating wildly, trying to escape before it could be broken. My body was too drained; it could not force my mind to push further into the Sight. I could not see who it was, or how it happened, but I knew one of us would be hurt terribly. One of us would not be walking onto that ship. 
To avoid arousing more fear in him, I forced myself not to throw my arms around his back but merely to wrap them around him as though nothing was wrong. I closed my eyes, breathed in his scent, and allowed that warmth he always brought to me to fill me up, to consume me. I think I might have forgotten all about my vow not to cry anymore. If I can recall, I had tears sliding down my cheeks the entire time we stayed there, me with my arms and legs wrapped around his middle and my face nestled under his and him with his strong arms locked protectively around me, his face nestled against mine, and his lips gently kissing me every few seconds. I know he cried, too. 
I still promise you a million years, He whispered, No matter what happens, I promise you that. 
I still promise you a million more. I said, No matter what happens. 
Youre so exhausted. You need to sleep.
Penny will be getting up soon.
And Ill take care of her. You need to get some rest.
I cant. I said, I have to stay awake. I have to make sure nothing happens. I dont want them to take her away. I dont want them to take you. I dont want them to take Adam. I just want us all to stay together.
I know. They wont take them. I promise.
James I whispered, and I paused for a long time as the tears ran down my eyes and over my nose. Im scared.
He kissed my head once, held his lips there, and then kissed it again.
I know. He said, But Ill watch over you, baby. 
***

My fathers memories invaded my mind, because he was sleeping, and I was sleeping, and in his sleep, he was dreaming of the past. His body was heavy from the alcohol, and his vision was blurred. His fist was pounding on the door of her apartment. 
Lara! He shouted, Lara! Open the door! 
My mother had never had an apartment. He knew that. Somewhere in his drunken mind, he knew it was not her apartment. But still, he kept banging on the door, shouting her name. Banging, banging, banging, banging, banging, on the door It was so loud. It woke me up. It scared me. For years, that sound would terrify me, even when I could barely remember why.
It dawned on him that he had a key. It took several minutes to find it, and several minutes more to slip it into the lock. The door crashed open, and she was there. 
Seeing him again, arent you?! 
He didnt want to do it, really he didnt, but he grabbed a handful of her hair and pulled her with him as he walked towards her bedroom. Except it was not her bedroom, and the exclamation of pain she made was not in her voice. When she screamed, it was not the screams he was so used to hearing behind their bedroom door at home, when she became hysterical and uncontrollable and in need of temporary imprisonment. 
Did you go see her, too?! She is dead to us! He shouted at her as he forced her onto the bed, pulled her pants down, and covered her mouth sloppily with one hand to stop her from calling him Dan or Dad or something similar, to stop her from begging. 
She dead like Luc. Deader than Luc 
He was inside of her, and she was quiet, only sobbing now, her hands clawing the black bedspread Their bedspread was white Something wasnt right. When he finished, she turned over and slapped him so hard that he crashed to the floor. 
Lara He moaned, crawling after her as she stormed into the bathroom and vomited into the toilet. For such a long time, she vomited. When it was over, there was a phone in her hand, and she was crying out a womans name. All she could do was stammer, stammer out this womans name. RRR Ray Ray.. Chal R R Ray Chal Rachel. Rachel. Rachel. Rachel. Rachel. Rachel.
He was gone before that woman came, and it was the next day he realized what he had done. Only for a moment did he let himself realize it and hate it, hate himself. When he got drunk again two weeks later, and it happened again, he knew it was not Lara. It was not his wife. He had broken this girls hand when she tried to call the police, and he had not meant to. 
When she told him and Lara two months later that she was pregnant, they had shouted at and mocked her. He had overheard Maura telling her that she would pay for an abortion, but she had refused. And when the news came to him through Maura that the baby was gone, he pictured her bleeding out on her living room floor, surrounded by blood and tissue and insides, and she deserved it, because he knew, more surely than he had ever known anything, that she had killed Luc as revenge
That I had killed Luc as revenge for them exposing me to Michael, for letting him rape me
My eyes shot open, and I was sobbing in Adams arms because he had been holding me as I dreamed. Penny was beside me, holding my hand, and James was stroking my hair and kissing my forehead.
It is a nightmare, my love. Adam whispered as I curled up into a ball against him, making myself smaller than I had ever made myself before. It is over now, my sweet love.
Youre alright, baby. James told me, Everyones alright. Were all still here. Were all right here with you.
Adam I whispered, and only he could hear me, Please dont let Daniel
His heart plummeted; it was lost forever, I feared. He could not imagine it; he could not fathom a sickness that could make a man To his own child?! I could not tell James, because James would tear through that jail to find him. Adam wanted him dead; in his heart, his rage was boundless, but he was controlling himself for my sake. James would jump the guards the next time they came into the room, tear through the prison until he found my father, and kill him brutally, even if he would be killed for it.
I cant keep it away anymore, Adam. I cried, and my desperation to keep those terrible memories at bay was evident in my voice. 
I know, sweetheart. I am so sorry. It is the final stage. It is the last stage of your evolution. You must face everything, even that which you have suppressed. You must face all your demons, even those about which you did not know. I am so sorry, my love.
She has faced everything. James told him, She is strong, and she doesnt run from anything. She has faced them all before and won. 
I cried harder into Adams neck but reached back to take Jamess hand. 
Alright. Alright. Come now, my love. Adam was whispering. He laid me on the cot and waited for Penny to hop up beside me and lay on my chest. Then, he covered us both up with the blanket. James laid on the other side of Penny and draped his arm over us both. My hands grasped his arm but my eyes stayed fixed on Adams. 
Go back to sleep now, Mama. Penny told me softly, James, Adam, and I wont let anyone hurt you. Well protect you.
She is right as always. Just like her perfect mother. Adam told me softly as he wiped the tears from my eyes.
I nodded and kissed her forehead. 
Rest now, baby. James told me softly, Close your eyes. 
My grip on his arm tightened, and in my other hand, I held Adams. Adam was stroking my hair lightly, Penny was cuddled up against my chest, and James was holding me so tightly in his arms. With the three of them around me, sleep was able to take me back easily.
***
 
Get up! My head jerked backwards as two rough hands pulled me to my feet.
BRYNN! BRYNNA! Penny was screaming, and before my eyes had even fully opened, I was swinging my arms back to hit the person standing behind me. My legs carried me towards her voice, and I opened my eyes just as my arms scooped her up.
Brynna! Baby, run! RUN NOW! James ordered, as two of Richs comrades forced him down onto his knees.
Brynna, go. Take her and go. Adam sounded calm as always, but in his mind, I saw his panic briefly. It sounded as though he were only gently suggesting that I start running away, but inside, he was demanding that I run.
I loved James, and I cared so deeply for Adam. But Penny was my little girl, and these men had come against Tyres order, and they had come to rid their new village of the three most dangerous potential influences. They would kill us. The foresight blinded my actual sight, and I saw the three of us lined up, on our knees, waiting for the shot that would end it. But it was the three of us. Penny was not there, though her outline was slowly becoming visible. If I wanted the vision in which she was not there to come true, I needed to move
And I did. Never before had I ever run so fast. Three of the newly minted Old Spirits (and by newly minted, I mean that they were from Earth) were chasing after me, but they could not keep up; their powers were not evolved, so even at their most breath-stealing speed, they could not even come close to me. 
The Pangaeans, on the other hand, came after me at a breakneck speed, as they say. My body was aching and crying out for me to stop even though the adrenaline rush that would normally erase such nagging needs of my body had taken hold of me. I had not eaten, so I had lost most of my muscle and a significant portion of whatever was left to lose after that. I was dehydrated; even after I had bolted up three flights of stairs, through three corridors of cells, and finally reached the ground floor, I could not sweat. My mind was swimming. My head was pounding. My eyes were beginning to go blurry. I could not possibly fight. I simply had to evade, to keep running. 
Penny, close your eyes, sweetheart. 
Through the shuttered windows, I could see the Pangaean sunlight shining. While it normally did not hurt my eyes to see it, and while seeing it did remind me of the ache in my heart that I had felt for weeks to be bathed in it, I had to squeeze my eyes shut, too, when I threw open the back door of the jailhouse. I stumbled backwards several steps into the wall, gasping and nearly dropping Penny when my hands flew to my eyes out of reflex. 
It hurts, Mama!
I know. I said, I know, baby. Come on, Brynna I murmured, Come on. Come on. Adapt.
My eyes had been watering terribly, but I did not notice until they abruptly stopped. Slowly, cautiously, I peeled my eyes open to find that the sun no longer burned. The men chasing me had reached the ground level floor, but had assumed that I would be foolish enough to go for the front door, which, I realized as I looked into the room where they were all standing, had been locked from the outside. Had they really not expected me to find an alternative exit? Before they could expect and subsequently realize that I had found an alternative exit, I was running out into the daylight.
I was facing my old village for the first time under the Old Spirit rule, and the Old Spirit rule had not been kind to it at all.
The elaborately decorated stands selling merchandise they deemed morally reprehensibletonics for enhancement of romantic trysts, Peace Fruit, alcohol, and even the seamstresses shophad been burnt. All that stood in their place was black soot and a few charred pieces of wood. Four men and one woman hung in the town center, though I had no idea who they were. When I squinted, I could see signs around their necks: Rapist, Rapist, Blaspheme, Whore, Traitor. The bags over their heads prevented me from seeing their faces, so I could not determine whether they were mine or theirs, but the tugging in my heart and the churning of my stomach told me they were five of mine. Before my legs took me to them, I turned away. I began running through the backyards in the first street of homes, shocked to see the items that had been burnt in the backyard; they were mostly clothes and books, all of which I assumed were too provocative to be in the hands of the Old Spirits. 
I ran until my legs collapsed from under me and I landed, splayed out on my front in the grass. Luckily, midway through my run, I had put Penny on my back, so she didnt get hurt when I fell forward onto the hard ground.
Come on, Mom. Come on, we have to keep going! We have to keep going, Mama! She urged me in a desperate whisper. She hopped off of my back and grasped my arm.
I cant, baby. I said, and my voice broke, I cant run anymore. But I have to get you to the trail, so you can get to the bunker.
I know. We can do it, Mommy. I promise. Come on. Stand up. Stand up. Come on! Her tiny hands wrapped around mine and pulled. When that yielded no effect, she moved behind me, grasped my shoulders and pulled up until I was on my knees. 
Come on. Daddys coming, Mommy. He and Adam are fighting! Theyre fighting to get to us! I know youre tired, so you cant see it. But I can! She assured me so joyfully, I could not help but believe her. I could not deny knowing that she had the same gift of knowing that I possessed. 
Theyre coming, and if we just keep going, the mean people will never be able to shoot you! I wont let them, Mama, I promise. I promise. She moved around in front of me and kneeled down, the way I had always done to her when she was upset. The tears were streaming down my cheeks for so many reasonsI was afraid for James and Adam, I was afraid for Penny and me, I was afraid for Violet, Quinn, Nick, Alice, Elijah, Don, Savannah, Ellie, Oliver, Rachel, Joe, Tony, Tom I was afraid because Penny had the Sight; she was an Athene like me, and for that, she would always be a threat. She would always be coveted, or she would always be hunted Men and women alike would want to use her until there was nothing left, to own her so no other could have her immense power. 
But I was not crying only for the scary things or the sad things. I was crying because as I looked at her, into her deep blue eyes that matched my own, I saw such fire, such spunk, such spite And of course, I saw that great love with which she had always looked at me, since the day she was born, before I had even known that she was going to be my little girl forever. There was such protectiveness, too; it was feral, deadly She was unafraid of hurting anyone to protect James and me. I was afraid of that, because I did not want my sweet little girl to have to take a life, but she was evolved like the rest of us, and her instincts told her to kill if it meant her family would be protected. 
I am going to keep you safe, Mama. She whispered, and both of her hands came up to rest on my face so her thumbs could wipe my tears away. I promise. Now come on.
She pulled me up, and her little hands steadied me when I wobbled on my feet. We could not run, but we walked quickly, her hand holding mine, pulling me along. By the time we reached the first ash-path, it was midday, and we had not run into one living soul. All the while, I could feel them searching, but they were not back in the region where Penny and I were. Somehow, they had not picked up our trail. 
You confused them. My mind told me, You were desperate, and you sent out the only thing you could think of, and you didnt even realize you had thought of it. Your power is endless. It works even when youre not looking. It does even what you think it cant.
I understood that my mind was right about all of that, but what it said next chilled me.
You just didnt confuse one of them.
Brynna. 
I jumped and whipped around, gripping Pennys hand tighter. The sudden outpouring of adrenaline into my body clouded my vision with a black fog at the corners and made my head feel as though it were tilting sideways against my will, like someone had smacked their open palms into both of my ears to disorient me completely. 
Stay away from us! I hissed, and my fangs were out. 
Brynna sweetheart
Daniel Olivier had not called me sweetheart since I was eight years old. With great force, I threw my minds gaze into his head, looking for his plan of sabotage; he would try to break me down by appealing to my softness, to whatever parts of me needed his paternal affection, but only long enough for the others hunting me to get within shouting distance. Then he would call out to them. But in his mind, I saw nothing but apologetic words, and in his heart, right behind his mind, as always, I saw nothing but the deepest, most sincere desire to apologize. My response was slightly less rational than I wanted it to be.
What the fuck? 
Mama! Penny exclaimed, and she frowned up at me.
Im sorry, baby. I whispered.
Youre right, Penny. Youre so right. Did she start calling you that on her own? Youre so smart, baby, and youre right: she is your mama. Shes been your mama since you were born. Since before you were born. God, without you His eyes rose from Penny to look at me, She would have died in the womb; your mama would have drunk her to death. Or she would have had some defect but probably not. She probably would have just died. She wouldve His face contorted, and in defense, I took a step back; my defenses had not rose because I thought he would begin to yell or that he would reach out to hurt me, but because the shock I felt at watching him begin to get emotional jarred me. It left me reeling long after his tears began to fall.
She wouldve She wouldve drowned in there, Brynnie.
He had not called me Brynnie since I was eight, either. 
A reference to Luc. Got it. If you are not going to turn us in, then
No. It wasnt. God, maybe it was, but I didnt mean it to be. I watched what almost happened to you. I know what happened to you here. With with Adam. What they wanted him to do. What you did in response. Rich wants to kill you for that. And for what you did to Mary. Tyre doesnt want any of you dead, but Rich is going to do it anyway. I cant do anything. I have nothing anymore. No power. No nothing! And they took and they took His tears grew more hysterical, They took your mama, Brynnie! They took her away from me!
The weakness was returning, aided by the sudden shock. The fear that it was true. The hope? I could not be sure if it was hope. Perhaps it was annoyance at having to ask myself the question all over again, if she was alive or not.
My mother is dead, Daniel. I said, slowly and carefully in condescension, so he did not think for a second that I believed his lies.
It was quiet all around us, but the sound in my ears deafening; it was that banging on the door from so many years earlier. 
Shes not. He took a step towards me, and before I had even realized that he had moved, my mind became aware of a fire poker set against the wicker table beside me, and my hand had grabbed it and held it out.
That banging was getting louder, and now, I could hear him calling out her name.
Do not come near us! Penny barked, and I knew her fangs were out, too. 
I could hear him banging, and this time, he was ordering me to open the door 
Shes not dead, Brynna. But Tyre took her. Tyre took her away from me. He put John on the ship, and your mama wouldnt wouldnt stop crying for him. She wouldnt stop screaming! He said, and his sobs intensified, I tried to tell her that I was hers first, but she just wanted John. All she ever wanted was John. And you. When he was still with her, shed just cry for you. Brynna Brynna I want my Brynna And I was still so angry at you then so it made me angry at her, and I took her ring away and then and then she wouldnt eat. She wouldnt sleep. She wouldnt talk to me or to him. Shed let him hold her, but she wouldnt let me anywhere near her. Shed scream, or shed bite me or scratch me I didnt think shed be so devastated, to have the ring John got her taken away. But she was always holding it, looking at your name. She was always crying for you and fighting me. I had to make her stop. I had to make her obey, or Tyre would kill her. But I couldnt do it. So Tyre took her away. And Ive heard Ive heard what hes done. I begged him. I begged him for her back. But he says I lost my right to her. When Tyre took her away, she was crying for you. I never got to tell her Im sorry. I never got to tell her it wasnt her fault. I just want to tell her Im sorry. I just want to tell her Im sorry. Im sorry, Im sorry, Im sorry, Im sorry. Those were the last words she said to me, and she didnt even say them to me. I dont know who she was talking to. I never told her, but I swore after they took her away I would tell you. She was sorry. She was sorry and
There was blood all over my hands that night in the bathroom, and Rachel was saying, Everythings going to be okay, everythings going to be okay, everythings going to be okay, as I told her that I didnt want to die, I didnt want to bleed to death, asking why it wouldnt stop, why it was happening, all the while holding her hand that was holding a bath towel between my legs
I looked down at Penny, and she looked up at me.
And and
She turned away. That banging on the door It wouldnt stop.
Im sorr
The rage had been brewing, but my internal temperature spiked, and that rage exploded forcefully outwards in a violent, sudden eruption; my body found some hidden storage of strength, the potency of which I never could have imagined. My arms pulled back, and I slammed that fire poker across his face. When he crumpled to the ground, bleeding out of the side of his mouth and through a hole cut clean through his cheek, I remembered the busted lips, the broken jaw, the scars from my jawbone down one side of my neck from where he had smashed a glass into me when he was particularly blackout-drunk one night. After I had thrown myself on top of him and punched him twiceonce with both fists, in rapid successionI saw that his nose had shattered and blood was pouring down his face, and I remembered how long it had taken me to learn how to stop a heavy nosebleed, how many bloodied tissues I had thrown away 
By the time I remembered the angry red marks from his belt, or the time he had choked me for telling him that Lucien was gone and it was time he got over it, or the night he had given me a concussion by first throwing me to the ground and then slamming my head into the floor because I had noted out loud his fetish for drunken, middle-aged whores and disease-infested, vapid girls my age, or the nights he had come to my apartment, stinking drunk wanting wanting wanting 
Wanting what his beloved friend had had. 
I was screaming at him, spitting at him, cursing him, wailing, punching, clawing, shaking all over, sobbing, sobbing, sobbing, screaming for all those times I had not allowed myself to while he was beating me or worse 
Penny was singing softly, calmly, a song we had always sung together when we were working together in the kitchen, skinning and cleaning hunted animals.
Holy water cannot help you now 
FUCKING SON OF A BITCH! 
Thousand armies couldnt keep me out
SON OF A BITCH!
I dont want your money / I dont want your crown
FUCKING BASTARD!
See Ive come to burn your kingdom down 
SICK FUCKING BASTARD!
Holy water cannot help you now
MOTHERFUCKER!
See Ive come to burn your kingdom down
YOU SICK MOTHERFUCKER!
And no rivers and no lakes can put that fire out
FUCK YOU! FUCK YOU! 
Im gonna raise the stakes / Im gonna smoke you out
His face was beaten-in, turned to pulp, and still has hands were wrapped around my upper arms, trying to claw their way to my throat. I screeched at the sky with every bit of that rage, hearing the sound echoing against the houses, through the streets, through the trees all around me. Then, I slammed my head down and ripped into his neck, pulling back so that his severed artery sprayed me, warming me from the chill of the winter day. I threw myself down again and bit deeper into his skin, clawing at him wherever I could find bare skin as my teeth sunk further and further into his neck. 
Brynna My head jerked up. Blood dribbled down my chin, dripped over my eyes, all down my face, down my entire body. I was positively saturated in it. My breaths were heavy, coming in and out in shallow, quick bursts. 
Come now. 
My heightened senses told me James was behind me, holding Penny, keeping her turned away from the carnage. 
Slowly, to show me he meant me no harm, Adam moved down onto his knees and crawled the rest of the way to me. Still, he kept a good distance between us.
Come now. Come now, darling. He said gently, and I saw the fear in his eyes. My eyes broke from his, because somewhere in my mind I could not stand to think that I had made him or James or Penny afraid of me. But once my eyes had broken from his, they fell on my fathers mutilated corpse, and that rage began to fill me again. 
No, no! Adam said, and he reached out to me. But when I began to pummel my fathers face with my bloody, swollen, already bruising knuckles, he moved back, and I watched him out of my upper peripheral vision watching me. When I stopped, still breathing heavily, he finally chanced it; he reached out and pushed my blood-soaked hair back from my face. 
Alright now, my darling He whispered soothingly as his hands wiped the blood away from my eyes. Alright. It is done. It is over. 
I nodded, and my face broke into a grin. I snorted through my nose and began to laugh. I laughed hysterically, out loud, covering my mouth with one hand and holding my stomach with the other. I laughed until tears poured from my eyes, and then I began to cry. I sobbed so hard that my head hurt and my stomach turned over. I covered my face and shook my head, crying until the force of those sobs pushed the few drops of liquid still in my stomach out. A terrible retching noise shut off my sobs, and I half-vomited, half-dry-heaved into the dirt. After it was done, Adam pulled me to him and wiped my mouth with the hand he had not already dirtied by wiping my blood. He held my head to his chest and let me cry and laugh against him. His arms stayed locked around me, and his lips pressed to my forehead every few seconds in a gentle reassurance that he was there, and he understood. 
Stay here, baby. Stay here. James told Penny.
He came to me, and I pulled his arms around me and began to laugh again: they hated each other, but there they were, banding together for my sake. How very silly. How very touching. It had seemed impossible before. I did not care how they would take it: I raised my head and kissed James, hard and passionate, and then, I turned and kissed Adam, just as hard, just as passionately. 
My tears stopped abruptly. My laughter stopped, but my smile faded only slightly. I felt gloriously tipsy. 
What are we waiting for? I asked, and I stood up, walked over to Penny, and grasped her hand. She smiled up at me. Arent we supposed to be escaping?
Youre so messy! Penny exclaimed, holding my hand in both of hers. 
I know! Come on, boys! They are in pursuit of us!
***

Can we talk about it? James asked me, and I frowned at him as I took several large gulps from the water bottle he had stolen from the freezer room of the house we were in. 
Talk about what, sweetheart? I asked, after I had stopped drinking, Adam?
Adam and Penny were raiding the pantry for food, and because they were talking quietly about what to take and what to leave behind (in Pennys terms, that translates to what was good and what was utterly disgusting) so he could not possibly have been eavesdropping; Penny commanded all of someones attention, not just a fraction.
Well, we need to talk about that, too. But
I kissed him, and I kissed you. Technically, I am married to him, by the laws of these Bible-humping lunatics.
Its Bible-thumping, baby. I cant believe I am able to correct you
It generally is Bible-thumping, but I changed it to Bible-humping because it is funny and accurate. It is funnily accurate. I took another long drink of water, But yes, we are married now, even though I want to be married to you. I have decided that. I have decided I want to be married to you.
And I want to be married to you, baby. But
But I also have really strong feelings for Adam, and that is problematic. I do not know why all this is coming out. I have a lot of adrenaline still My voice jumped as I began to laugh again. I covered my face, hearing Adam and Pennys conversation cease; I knew he was looking back at me. Im sorry Go back to what youre doing. Youre doing a great job, Penny. Baby Penny Only shes not a baby anymore. I laughed harder, God, its been six years And its been two years for you and me And I love you. My laughter stopped, and I pulled myself up so I was crouching in front of him, too. 
But you love him, too.
Of course not! Dont be so dramatic. I love you, but I cant fight this attraction to him, James.
He shot you. He broke your wrist.
You beat me. You broke both my wrists and fractured my shoulder with your teeth.
I was high.
So was he.
Where is all this coming from? He asked, and his frustration was mounting. You hated him before all of this. I know that you two had sex. Im aware of that. Im aware that it wasnt altogether unpleasant for you. I told you that the same goes for me and Janna.
Yes, and that makes me sick, but go on
It makes you sick, but the thought of you and Adam doesnt make me sick? The things youre saying about him now, about this attraction to him, dont make me sick?
I opened my mouth to retort, but then I realized, in a moment that should have been accompanied by the triumphant cry of a full band playing all of their instruments at once, how terribly I had reasoned everything. I had assumed that James would come to agree with Adam, that if I wanted both of them, I should have both of them, because having both of them would make me happy. Never once did I account for the fact that if I was allowed to have Adam, then James should be allowed to have someone else, too. The thought of him even looking at another woman the same way he looked at me, let alone engaging with her in physical intimacy, were enough to make me bring my head forward to rest against his shoulder and for a groan to escape me.
Alright Alright We dont have to talk about this now, baby. Im sorry. He kissed my cheek.
Damn it Goddamn it Goddamn it I muttered to myself.
Uh-oh He pulled us both up onto our feet, pulled my hands away from my face, wrapped them around his back, and then wrapped his own arms around me. The traditional words and phrases that my girlfriend uses when she has absolutely had it
I made a decision, and I had not thought it through completely.
Baby, its alright. It happens. God, the situations were certainly out of the ordinary.
How did I miss that? How did I miss that glaringly obvious issue with my great plan? If I could have Adam, you could have someone else, too. You could have Janna or someone. But she is the worst possibility.
Well, I have had Janna twice now, and shes got nothing on you, baby. And shes like, several hundred years old.
Oh, every guy says that!
I knew you were going to say that. Look, crazy He pulled away from me so I could look at him, I get it, okay? Im not mad at anything youve said, because I get it. My jealousy got in the way of me seeing it before, but Im there now. Youre young. You havent been with anyone else. I know better than anyone else that its hard not to get attracted to other people. But Brynna, everyone does it. Everyone looks around when theyre in a relationship and sees other people they want. But what it comes down to is whether or not you want to stick it out with the person youre with already or if you want someone else. I am not a good sharer, and honestly, I dont think he is, either.
No, he said
I know. Let me guess, well make it work, because it will make you happy. Right?
What? Has he said that to you before?
No. I have used that line before. Several times.
I dont think he was being disingenuous.
I am not even going to go there. Baby, I know it sounds possessive, but I am not willing to share you with someone else. And I know that youre not willing to share me with someone else. So, if Im possessive, youre possessive, too.
Yes. I said, nodding, Just let me tell him once we are safe, okay?
Of course. He said, Now, on to the other thing
No. I shook my head emphatically, Lets just let it die. Another fit of giggles took me, Oh, God Lets just let it die. Like how he died My hands hurt badly. Theyre swollen and puffy and so woefully unattractive.
Baby, you said something You were screaming a lot of things, but then you said something, and I dont normally try to make you tell me things but you were saying just like Michael. Do you remember that? 
I shook my head, though I did recall vaguely shouting something similar.
Sweetheart
Of course he was like Michael. I said, covering it quickly. He was abusive towards women, just in a different way. Ew, what did you think I meant? Jesus
I turned to walk away, but he grasped my wrist to stop me.
Baby
What does it matter? Is this because I kept secrets from you, that you are pushing me to tell you this now? Because if so, then please be aware of the hypocrisy of that. We have bigger fish to fry, as they say, than those, so I will not discuss the things I have omitted from our many deep conversations, because they are hidden chapters of my annoying and pathetic open-book of a life. No one needs to know about any more tragedies that I have survived. They will call it too distressing to be believed.
I will not call it that, because I know those tragedies, and I knew them before I knew you, and nothing about them would surprise me. 
What does it matter?
It matters because you want to say it, Brynna. I have always known that there were other things you wanted to tell me but couldnt.
Oh, please! You are being dramatic again.
You know that Im not. I know that Im not.
You think you can say these things to me, and I am so young and stupid that I will believe them, that I will actually believe that I have been wanting to tell you these things, but you are wrong And what does it matter? I do not want to talk to you about them. I do not want to talk to anyone about them. Rachel is one thing, but him I 
I stopped and rubbed my eyes with my shaking hands, feeling tears suddenly. My heart was racing, thundering, crashing No one knew but Maura and Rachel about him Maura knew everything, all the terrible things. That was why she was so damaged, because she had seen the worst of them. That is why I was so damaged, because I had experienced the worst of them firsthand There was no possible way I could ever speak of it out loud There was too much complexity to it, too many layers, each one deeper and more complicated by inexplicable reason than the last Because he had never exhibited such signs towards his other two daughters (thank God or the Gods) it must have been that he truly had disregarded me as a child after Luc died, and if he had disregarded me as his child, then it was no longer as wrong as it could have been right? But if he could do that to me, when I was biologically his child, however disregarded I might have been, had he thought of it before I was disregarded? Had every moment of our lives together, before Luc died, when I had loved him, and he had loved me, been tainted by such sickness? 
And was he sick? Or was he evil? And if he was evil, was I evil? Was that why I had so little regard for the sanctity of the lives of those I hated? He had had no regard for me, for my wellness or my life, because he hated me. And he hated me because I took his son away, who was so good. So evil did not beget evil, at least not completely 
And when Rachel came along, and he objected to it so violently, was it because he knew he was partially responsible, along with Michael, for my new and vehement disregard of men? That would explain why he objected to James, because maybe he thought, in some sick way, he and Michael had been responsible for my gravitation towards older men. Or was it was it jealousy?
And when the worst of the worst, the absolutely most terrible thing happened, when I was nineteen (Violets age!), did it suddenly stop because I was involved with a woman, who could not possibly have put me in such a state? And when my body bled that little thing out all over my bathroom floor, and Rachel took me to the hospital, and they asked, Where is the father? Where is the father? and I just laughed and laughed and laughed, because wasnt it just so fucking ironic? Wasnt it just so disgusting and pathetic that it almost couldnt be believed? 
Do you believe that so many awful things could happen to someone? That from birth to the beginning of age nine, my life had been so wonderful, so unburdened, so perfect, and that just one sick, frightening man with sick, frightening tastes could change everything? How much power I had given him, given both of them For Michael to assault me so many times, for the trauma of it to make me slip away, and while I was lost in it all, for Lucien to die? And after Lucien died, for my parents to blame me, for Maura to accuse me of stealing her husband, for me to get erased from their lives so easily? For my father to come banging on my door late at night, to force his way in in more ways than one (he was strong for a drunk, strong and fast) and then to claim he had forgotten (and maybe he had, because he had always been so drunk, he drooled and called me by my mothers name) and then for me to get pregnant (And who couldve knocked you up? Youre a fucking dyke now, arent you?! That menopausal bitch youre dating do it to you?!) And for my mom to cry and cry, to say the first full sentences she had said to me in years (Well, what else were you going to do!? Why the Lord gave you the ability to do it to even be able to after what happened to Luc Jesus Christ!) And then for me to bleed it out on the floor, while Rachel held onto me from behind, holding the towel between my legs because my hands were shaking too badly, and I couldnt breathe And I said I should have just killed myself the night Luc died And she said she loved me so much, and she was going to take care of me, and later, when I told her that despite it all (and how sick is this?!) I wished I had had the baby, she said we would have one later, if I still wanted one, and it was the first time we had ever applied any language of permanence to our relationship, and despite it all, it made me feel good, and then she was dead, and I was in my friends apartments, and I was telling them that my father had done it, and if he had done it, then did he do it because of what she knew about him, what I had said to tell everyone, what I said I would tell everyone, and what she knew about my mother? We were so close to revolution, and it died with her, but honestly, and this is so wrong, I didnt care about that. 
I had not forgotten all of that darkness, but somehow, it had been tucked away, in the darkest recesses of my mind, and only once in a while, I would feel a twinge of horror in my heart that would trigger a twinge of pain in my lower abdomen, and I would suddenly remember the harsh red of the blood on my hands, on my floor, streaming down my legs. Of them yelling. Of that damn banging on the door in the middle of the night. And God, all of that blood. But somehow, I wouldnt acknowledge how I had gotten to that point, who had put the baby there The baby that was all over my hands, on my floor, and streaming down my legs
Is it so shocking that the end of the world, so unfathomably awful, was a godsend for me, because it took me to Pangaea, where I had been so happy for the first time in so long? It is selfish to say such a thing, but it is how I feel, even today. Pangaea came into my life, bringing with it the promise of survival and millions of possibilities, and despite all that had happenedall the fear, uncertainty, tragedy, and painand I had never been so happy. 
Brynna darling
I became aware of the fact that my throat was completely locked, and my breaths were deep, slow, and loud. I was on my knees, doubled over on the ground, trying to breathe but instead just making those terrible rasping noises. Once again, as I was suffering a meltdown, Adam was in front of me, whispering to me that everything was going to be alright. 
Cant breathe I gasped, and he pulled me up so he could hold me against him. So loud so many thoughts Adam Adam! 
Close your eyes. He said calmly, and he held his lips to my cheek for several seconds, before whispering in my ear again, Close your eyes.
I did.
Now listen to my voice. Just listen to my voice. It is just you and me here. It is quiet, and it is safe. And there is nothing for miles, Brynna. Everything that is happening now is long past. It is so far away that we barely remember it. And if our present is so far away, then your past is even further. It is nothing but a tiny, distant speck on the horizon of our lives. All of your pain, all of your fear, all of the terrible, unfair, unjust things that have happened to you can barely strike you anymore, because a hundred years have passed. A thousand years have passed, and you have been so happy. You have been happy, and all those we love have been happy, and that happiness has erased all of your pain, all of your fear, and all of those terrible, unfair, unjust things that happened. It is of an old life. A life that is gone. A life that is dead and buried. It holds no power over you anymore. It is still there, but it is so tiny, you can barely see it. You can barely feel it.
I nodded, my breathing more steady and even. 
Our lives are so long, Brynna. One day, you will awaken in the morning, and you will realize that those things that give you such heartache now are blocked by haze. And then, they will fade completely. Every day that you live happily, free from pain and fear, will add to that haze, and then, those memories will fade completely. I promise you this, Brynna. I promise. 
I nodded again, tears streaming down my face still but my breathing returned to normal. I pulled away from him, and he kissed my cheek. When James apologized profusely, I forgave him. And later, when we had finally made it into the woods, and James and Penny had fallen asleep, I told Adam everything. The whole story. I told everything there was to tell, from start to finish, for the first time ever in my life. My face burned red at certain parts, my stomach turned over, and I cried throughout most of it, but I told him. He was quiet the whole time, looking away from me, listening intently. The only time he spoke was when I paused or told him none of it mattered, I shouldnt be talking about it, and then, he insisted gently that I continue, because it did matter; it mattered more than anything else. I cried in his arms, with my head against his chest, until there was not a single tear left after the whole dark tale was told. And he held me, and he shed many tears on my behalf. 
I am so sorry. He said over and over again. 
And as the sun began to rise, lighting the forest with the blue light of dawn, I sat in front of him, and kissed him for the last time, telling him that James would never agree, and he said he understood.
I will simply bide my time, my darling. He said, and he pushed my hair away from my face with both hands, You two will never last.
Adam I said, Please dont.
I will say no more. He said, and when I saw that his eyes were alight with that mischievous glint, I rolled my eyes and laughed for the first time in hours. 
What? I asked him.
You will be unable to resist me, now that you know of my charm and other abilities.
Oh, stop I sighed, but I was smiling brightly.
God, it has been so long since I have seen that. Not just your beautiful smile, but one of that magnitude.
That was incredibly cheesy. 
Yes. Yes, it was. But that does not make it any less true. Also, we have gone another whole night without sleeping, despite being so exhausted. How many days are we up to now?
I am up to about four. How about you?
Well, I dozed briefly yesterday, but you did not.
No, I did. I just have not had a full nights sleep in four days. We can sleep for days once were there, but right now, I just want to keep going. 
As I was speaking, I could feel other presences getting closer to us. We had stopped for too long. They had tracked us, and we were not well-hidden.
How many of them are there? I asked him, when I noticed that he had come forward and begun to smell the air.
Just the worst ones, and they are close. Come on!
We shook James and Penny awake, and James threw Penny onto his back so we could run again.
How far are we?
Still rather far, from this angle. But the sun is rising; we can run off the path soon. It will be quicker once we are able to run in a straight line.
Which direction? I asked, and he gestured. 
Alright. Penny I took her from James, set her down in front of me, and put both hands on her face, I have seen it already, and so have you, that you make it safely to the bunkers. Right?
Yes, but Mommy
I know, baby. But you have to.
But what about
Well be fine. Well be there soon, I promise. Listen, they are less than a minute from us, so you have to go now. We are right behind you, I promise. I promise, Penny.
I kissed her forehead twice, and then turned her around to face the woods.
We are right behind you.
She was crying, but I knew that she would listen; I knew that she would run, because I had told her to run.
Were right behind you, Penny. I said.
No, youre not. She cried, and the fear gripped me for just a second as I wrapped my arms around her for the last time.
I love you, Penelope Sylvia. You are the love of my life, and dont you ever forget it. Yes?
She cried harder.
Yes? I pressed her, Penny!
Yes, She sobbed, I love you, Mama. I love you, Daddy. I love you, Adam.
Despite everything, I smiled slightly, and kissed her head.
We love you, too. Now, go.
She zoomed off of the trail, in the direction of the bunkers. My body was frozen as I watched the last sight of her disappear. Tears rose into my eyes before I could stop them. I wanted to call out to her again and again, but I had no idea what it was that I wanted to say. 
Idan is there. Adam told me softly, Idan is there, and if Violet, Alice, Quinn, and Nick arrived safely, then they are there, too.
And Savannah went with the kids, Brynn. I sent her away, because I knew they would kill her first if they found her here. James said, Shell take care of Penny. You know she will.
Im not going to see her again. I whispered, Not for
Well, look Richs snide voice said, and his elation over this triumphant victory was obvious in his tone but not on his face when I turned around to face him, Did you all finally run out of steam? Wheres the little mutt? Did she get taken by the tree demons?
Wheres Mary? Is she at home, trying to cake foundation on to cover up the hole I so kindly bit into her face?
He grasped a handful of my shirt and pulled me to him, clenching his fist, but Adam and James both grabbed him before he could hit me.
No, no gentlemen One of Richs unnamed minions said, and he pointed a rifle at us. There were eight of them, total. Three of us. The odds were more than likely in our favor, but they had guns. 
We brought some others with us. This is going to be a party.
From behind them, I saw that they had brought Janna, Elijah, and a few others I recognized but whom I could not imagine had done much to warrant an execution with the worst of us.
Adam! Adam, my love I am so sorry.
Oh, woman, you are not sorry, but now is not the time to gripe about it. 
Brynn! Elijah said, Brynn, Im sorry Im sorry about
You are sorry, and I accept it. 
They were pulling us along through the woods, and when they forced us down onto our knees and began tying our hands with wire, I knew exactly where our confrontation was headed. It was the same as the vision I had seen. I closed my eyes, trying to steady my breathing, but instead, I inadvertently allowed my mind to open up, to show me the rest of the vision, which showed us all fading away. 
So, lets see, should we do this officially or not, Rich?
No. Rich said, No speeches. No last words. Tyre is going to realize it soon. You know how he is.
Who are these others with us? Rather, why are they with us? I heard Adam ask. 
For causing disturbances in the group after they had been fully integrated. For trying to start a rebellion. Specifically, for trying to gather a group to bust all of you out.
Thank you. I said to them, and one of them nodded, but the others, two young guys and two young girls, were staring straight ahead, shaking, crying, and biting their lips.
I looked at James, and he rested his forehead against mine.
Do we get out of this, sweetheart? He asked me, and his voice was trembling. 
I shook my head, feeling my own body beginning to tremble with him. He nodded, and pressed his forehead to mine. 
Im sorry about earlier. I shouldnt have pushed it, and Im sorry.
Stop. I said, and I shook my head again, almost compulsively. You have nothing to be sorry for, James.
I nestled my head under his and bit my lip, trying hard to stifle the tears that so desperately wanted to come into my eyes. I had cried enough already in that second year of Pangaea. I had cried more than I had ever cried in my life, and I was alright with that suddenly, but I would not cry in front of Rich. I would not give him that satisfaction, not after he had married me off to Adam because it was funny to him, not after he had wanted Adam to rape me and Adam had not.
Were going to be alright. Were going to be alright, I promise. James said, but his voice was shaking, I promise you, were going to be alright.
I could hear Adam speaking softly to Janna in the same way. It did not make me angry, to know that he was comforting her; in fact, it made the feelings I had for him surge inside of me. In the last moments, when nothing else mattered but that they were the final moments, Adam was able to put aside his anger towards her and comfort her. 
Caspar Idan I heard her say, and she was not crying, either, which made a surge of respect go through me for the first time ever in regards to her. 
He will be taken care of. Eury is with him, and Penny is on her way there now, and Brynnas sister will look after him. He will be alright, Janna. I promise.
Adam I said, and I do not know why I said it. It was not to commandeer his attention away from her. It was merely to say then, before we died, by just saying his name, that I loved him. He turned to me and kissed my cheek. Then, he pulled away and looked at me, looked deeply into my eyes. 
I know, my beauty. He said softly, I know, because I feel the same.
We turned back to our partners as though we hadnt said a word.
Do you want to know James said once my face was back under his, Do you want to know how I was going to propose?
Yes. I said, Tell me, James. Were you going to go the traditional route and get down on one knee, or
Oh, I was definitely going to get down on one knee. I was going to take out a ring, and say, I know I said never again, but that's not fair to you. And I know that you're a Viking woman, and you're progressive, and a Feminist, and you don't believe in marriage or what it represents, and here of late, it's gotten a really bad rap given what's going on up north, but Brynna... there are so many reasons why we should do this.
And I would have said to share what those reasons are.
And I would have said, Well, first and foremost... I looked at him, and he kissed me softly, I love you. And you love me, too. Secondly, and more importantly, Penny will be thrilled. Third, and this is the cheesiest, but just go with it, okay?
Okay.
I've run out of ways to tell you I love you. I know that you don't need me to prove it to you any more than I need you to prove it to me. I know that normally, we turn up our noses at this, and say we don't need a piece of paper saying that we love each other, and all of that stuff. Now, everyone knows and loves to talk about how old I am, and you know the full extent of my past with relationships. I've told you before that I was married, and had a lot of girlfriends...
Lets not talk about that. 
I know. I actually accounted for you saying that when I practiced this in front of the mirror a thousand times.
That is what you were doing. I thought you were just telling yourself out loud how very attractive you are.
No, I only do that after you yell at me. He said, without missing a beat.
I laughed, but the tears were coming now. I buried my face under his again to hide them.
So, here it is, the grand finale: I've told you that you're the only one there is for me. You're the one who was supposed to come along. I love you. More than any of them, and more than anything else, I love you. I always say that we were never supposed to work, and maybe if we were still on Earth, we wouldn't have. But I don't believe that. I think that wherever we go, or wherever we might have been, we would have ended up right here, with me feeling this way, and you feeling however you're feeling. Now, I feel like, even if you don't believe in it, you deserve for me to tell you in front of however many witnesses we chose to let gawk at us while we're spilling our hearts to each other that you're the love of my now immortal life, and you're the only one I want to spend thousands upon thousands of years with. You deserve to know, beyond any doubt, that I am in this with you until the end. Whatever end it may be, I am in this life with you, and only you. I am here for you, and for Penny and Violet. I can't imagine, and I don't want to imagine, anywhere else that I could be.
I cried harder, wanting to throw my arms around him so badly. Being a surrogate father to Penny or being a pseudo-husband to me, he was perfect, and our paths had merged forever. There had been dark spots, there had been hardship, but all I could see when I looked back was him, and a love that had expanded and grown with our hearts and also, to a level of intensity that could only be achieved by those in our species. Everything about us had evolved, even the potency of our emotions (that was why the Ares had such power), and the potency of that love would have ceased the lives of human beings; they would have been completely unable to fathom it. It was vast, complex, and infinite; it was beyond my comprehension, and I knew many things. I understood much, but I could not understand how love could be so final, so everlasting, when I had not even believed in its existence just two years earlier. He had changed me, this man who had come from nowhere and saved my life. Whom I had seen across a crowded bar but barely noticed, whom I had been forced to trust, and whom I so willingly gave my trust later. A man with whom a love never should have bloomed, but with whom love had bloomed and thrived, against the beliefs of both of us, against the beliefs and wishes of mostly everyone we knew.
The memory of our first meeting surged between us, and I saw what he saw and felt what he felt at the time. His heart was racing as the beautiful lights from the car headlights, street lamps, and fluorescent signs enhanced some great, mysterious beauty that he saw in me. In myself, I felt the curiosity that had consumed me that night, and felt that pull towards him like an electrified magnet slowly charging, gaining life. Together, we saw our first kiss in the corridor of the ship, felt that charge ignite into a powerful explosion that was our passion and our fear, too, at those new feelings. Countless nights in Don's house passed in our minds, when the cool wind left our white curtains billowing and filled us up with the pure scent of the Pangaean air. We remembered our conversations that had ranged from the revelatory and serious to the mundane and ridiculous. We saw so many of the times we had laughed together, so many of the times I had grasped his hand or he had grasped mine when some particular story from our pasts was painful to tell, or when we had lain beside one another in bed, talking well into the night, and his arms had been tightly wrapped around me, and mine around him. Memories of various times with Penny drifted through the stream of consciousness: when she had been sick and we had sat up all night, checking her temperature and keeping her calm and comfortable, when she had slept between us in bed, sometimes holding one of my hands and one of his, when she had had a bad dream or because she did not want to be in her room alone, or when I had watched them over the top of one of my books as they drew pictures of both monsters and zombies, and fairies and princesses. All of those things, all of the seemingly insignificant moments that in actuality were so breathtakingly profound, looped around to the present, when we were pressed together, about to leave this world together. Tears were streaming from our eyes, because we had both seen it, and we had both felt everything we had ever felt all over again. After a second, he kissed me, and then, just as the first shot rang out, he said:
You are the greatest love of my life.
I jumped when the next gunshot went off and closed my eyes.
And youre mine.
The next gunshot.
And I would have loved you from now until the end of time, my love... He kissed me, My love He kissed me again, My lo


Book 3 of the Eternity series:
Available Early 2015
