









PART ONE

AN INCIDENT OF FATE














Walking with a friend in the dark is better than walking alone in the light. 
 Helen Keller
There is a dark emptiness throughout the universe that shines like an opaque jewel in the middle of space and time. A vibrant blue light appears in the distance. Relativity opens a new horizon in the vast oasis of oblivion. The light shimmers in the distance approaching like a void. The light expands suddenly with a sudden jolt, spreading outward within infinite dimensions further occupying the entire former dark space and accompanied by an echoing sound that grew with the light in pitch and tone. The light and sound act as one. The harmony of luminosity and vibration surround the eternal void of the endless universe and then there is silence. 
Chapter 1
Time: 2012 A.D., Chronix Bay
Darkness emanates over the small city of Chronix Bay. The skies are black as pitch as the light bulbs of the streetlamps below burn with a vibrant luminosity. The lights appear to intensify and rival the darkness above the city, formerly a quaint community on the eastern seaboard outside New York City that has become quite dilapidated over the years.  The loud roar of thunder can be heard in the distance and a flash of lightning sears the night air immediately afterwards creating a visage of a dying municipality. In the Museum of Ancient History, silence is common after hours and the exhibits are like demigods watching for the slightest bit of trouble and ominously pervading it, their watchful presence domineering underneath the center of a large domed atrium. The center of the large domed atrium is surrounded by corridors of historical exhibits such as the ancient Egyptian pyramids, the Viking ships, ancient Greco-Roman architecture, and other various halls and exhibits. Along the halls adorned with statuettes and scientific monuments of great minds and thinkers, historical figures like Sir Isaac Newton, HG Wells, Nikola Tesla, and Albert Einstein, there rests at the center of it all is the piece de resistance, a small glass encasing with metal wires surrounding it and a strobe security light. In the casing there lay a small crystalline jewel-like object, a five-sided green emerald resting on a pillar pedestal and metallic perch.  It shines brightly with the lighting from the museums rafters above the casings. The interior of the gem also shines outward revealing a five point emblem at its heart. 
A shadowy silhouette of a human form envelopes throughout the backdrop of the atrium, and is cast upon the back walls in the form of a man eagerly waiting for the right moment to strike. The shadow surrounds the casing with the jewel and the floor of the museum immediately surrounding it. The shadow casts itself off of the mans figure standing in a strong sense of empowerment over the numerous historical exhibits as the museum remains in silence. The figure unleashes a canister of aerosol spray from his tunic belt pouch and sprays the air before him. What was previously empty space is now riddled with a series of green, red, and orange lasers lighting the air in crossing patterns. The lasers are very thin. There is a slow movement to the laser lines, causing the gaps between them to grow and shrink rhythmically. The patterns appear to leave tiny gaps between them that were growing and shrinking into one another, , but expanding quickly thereafter leaving an opening only for a matter of seconds before retracting once again into one another. Timed just right, the figure imagines he could maneuver between them and avoid triggering the impending alarm mechanism of the museum. The lights fade slightly, , but remained visible. The figure went to work throughout the network maze of beams of energy. He then hops around the casing. Accordingly, he dodges the series of glowing red, green and orange lasers. He leaps through the moving lasers and jumps around them and through them. He twirls and spun like a ballerina through the glowing lights. His maneuvers were graceful in the slightly lit air. He skillfully avoids hitting each laser beam as he maneuvers artfully. With a sudden leap, he climbs on top of the casing. He is dressed in a black outfit stealthily adaptive as the fabric blended into the darkness and appeared to shimmer as it changed structural mass in the darkness surrounding the dim lighting concealing him. He wears a bright red sash covering his waist tied into a knot that was carefully melded to his dress at the end and a baggy and loose-fitting mask as a pair of beady dark eyes protrudes from underneath the mask. The figure carefully adjusts to the crouching position as he sets himself down on top of the glass casing. He carefully removes a small metallic object from his tunic pouch. He carefully extends the object unfolding it piece by piece until he holds a full-size pair of metallic glass cutters. He extends the cutters onto the glass he stands on. He moves his fingers carefully turning the blades at precise pre-calculated measurements to form a circle and then a square within the circle. He moves in a skillful artistic way using the cutters as natural extensions of his hands. He has previously studied the design of the casing and its alarm system so he knew exactly where and how to cut the glass. After achieving his objective, he then uses the blades as grabbers slowly lifting the cut glass piece. He then reaches into the casing. Within seconds, a loud security alarm disrupts the silence of the museum as every corner is filled with the noise through the amplification system and bright lights surround the casing. The figure looks up with an unsuspecting glare into the bright lights. 
Cameras turn on their Axel to monitor the incident. Strobe lights flash in the air, accompanying the loud siren and the hot laser beams continue to swirl around. A young man in a security guard uniform runs over with a pistol in one hand and a radio in the other. He nervously looks around, perspiring heavily, as a strobe spins flashing bright red and white lights imaging within the casing and surrounding exhibits. He sees a flashing yellow whirl of light hovering in midair. He wipes his brow and looks around, seeing a shadow of a man leap off of the casing surrounded by the horrific flash of yellow that instantly appears to vanish within seconds and fluctuate in mid air, a spiraling vortex of energy like water down a drain. The young guard points his gun and yells nervously, Freeze! He then looks at the swirling light in mid-air high above the atrium right before it vanishes, and panics at the otherworldly sight mixed in with the strobes and lasers permeating the air before him. He closes his eyes and squeezes the trigger of his gun firing a loud shot into the air high above him as the vortex vanishes carefully collapsing into itself in an instant. 
Suddenly, the lights stop flashing and sirens stop wailing. In the silence, the form of the young security guard lies on the floor mortally wounded, as blood gushes from his chest. His dark eyes rear up into the dome-shaped atrium as the light fades from his eyes and his heart slows, confused over what has just happened. His eyes close as the life force drains from his body. The figure above the casing and the jewel that rests within it were long gone as if having vanished into thin air. The warm air surrounding the casing remains as the only evidence of the figures presence as it is quickly consumed by the intensity of the laser beams system continuing to twirl around in the sudden silence and darkness amidst the figure statues of the past in the museum. The darkness outside is still as the pale moonlight gleams down over the sudden crime scene.
Chapter 2
Soon thereafter, the night skies were lit up around the vicinity of the museum by the flashing lights of police cruisers with sirens wailing loudly. Uniformed officers walk back and forth in a hurry. One passes along the front of the museum entrance holding a plastic evidence bag. The patches on their shoulders read Chronix Bay Police Department. They set up roadblocks from the main road and roll out yellow crime scene tape to cover the perimeter. Several news vans and people stand about a dozen feet away. Several men in suits also walk along the grassy pathways outside the museum heading towards the front entrance. 
A blue Lincoln town car pulls up with U.S. government plates, its headlights shining into the scene like a beacon of hope. Wait up says one of the suited men about to enter the museum as he runs back towards the town car. Lieutenant Brock Walton runs up to the car and stops near the front passenger side door. He waits eagerly for the door to open and pulls it. It opens as it starts to move. Its about time says the fair-haired man in his late thirties. 
Ive been fighting off the press for an hour. We got a serious situation inside, says Lieutenant Walton. 
I know. Thats why Im here says the man in the car rising out of the passenger seat and removing his sunglasses he coolly wears even in the nighttime. The Bureau wants a complete report on everything that has been going on. If this case involves what we think it does, its our baby til the end. He smirks. 
"I still don't understand why the Bureau wants action on this. It's a regular theft." 
"There are some occurrences surrounding this regular theft that activate the unusual and bizarre. That's what my division is used to investigating." The FBI agent speaks eloquently and sincerely as he touches his ears and wrinkles his nose, a small patch of brown hair furrows behind his ears slightly longer than that of the average man. His face is pale and somber and he has a hint of eagerness in his speaking tone. 
Lieutenant Walton leads the man through the walkway and inside the museum, I know were friends, , but this cloak and dagger stuff is beyond anything Ive known in my professional career. 
All information is on a need to know basis only, says the man as he flashes his FBI badge and identification card to the uniformed officer standing guard outside the entrance. The man enters the museum, following his local police colleague, and saw the many colorful exhibits of past empires fallen and heroic figures dashingly on display. The federal agents jaw almost drops in awe as he remembers suddenly his boyhood fantasies of wanting to be like the Gothic knights of the old code in medieval Europe, , but then he snaps out of it when he remembered why he is really there. He notices a small dab of moisture being emitted from a small pipe nearby one of the exhibits near a glass casing, with a cleverly-cut hole in it, where a famous artifact once has rested, , but is now empty and is now surrounded by yellow police crime scene tape. 
The agent is looking around mesmerized and did not notice that his old friend, the lieutenant, is still talking. I tell you it doesnt make sense. Locals claim they heard some kinds of implosion or explosion, , but there is no evidence of any debris. Whatever it was, damn thing turned off the alarm system. 
Interesting says the agent quietly looking around. 
Adam, please come over here says Lieutenant Walton as he points to a black body bag on the floor and grimaces.  
Adam walks over and examines the scene. "What is it Brock?" 
The body is still fresh, rigor hasn't set in. We responded as quickly as we could after the alarm went on and off. The medical examiner says he is going to need to take it right away, , but I wanted to wait for your arrival. 
Open it says Adam. 
Lieutenant Walton sighs shaking his head and bends down on one knee. He unzips the bag revealing the dead security guard, his face pale and his eyes shut. Coroner examined him just before you came. The cause of death was a bullet from his service weapon. Poor S.O.B. must have panicked in the heat of the moment. It was a breaking and entering job. Someone stole the pride of the museums collection, the fabled Eye of the Gods, exceedingly rare emerald quartz. Its supposed to be one of a kind. Its value was last appraised and insured by Lloyds of London at over sixty billion dollars. That is one pricey paperweight. Lieutenant Walton laughs at his own joke. 
Adam notices a slight green glow behind the guard's ear that slowly fades into an electric phase. It went completely unnoticeable to the many others that were observing the body. This wasnt about money, replies Adam without even a smirk as he stares into the cold lifeless face of the former night security guard at the Museum of Ancient History. Wrap up the case files and the body along with all security footage. Adam speaks adamantly gesturing to the cameras on the wall with his finger. Our medical team and forensics group will take it from here. 
, but Adam, what the hell is going on in here? Lieutenant Walton rises to his feet demanding answers. 
Sorry old friend says Adam, , but this is federal jurisdiction now in the interests of national security. Adams eyes burn with the electricity of his heart and soul as he looks at the dumbfounded Lieutenant and puts back on his pair of sunglasses. Adam smirks as he turns and walks towards the door opening it with one hand and reaching into his breast pocket with this other hand for his cell phone. 
"What the hell does this have to do with national security?" yells Lieutenant Walton at his old friend. Adam continues walking out the door as the cell phone he holds emits a long antennae automatically. "Thats ridiculous!" exclaims Lieutenant Walton rhetorically as he shakes his head furiously. He heard the sound of footsteps far ahead of him and at the sight of his oldest friend and army buddy walking away ignorantly. 
Chapter 3
The darkness of a corporate boardroom after hours was a plain sight for Melody Blinkett, a young twenty-two year old well-dressed woman newly hired as a Paralegal for Temporo Inc.s General Counsels office. Melody remembers when she was an intern for the company while in school and it seems that it was a lot different then, a lot more positive energy and fun exercises. Now there was a colder and darker reality to the place she was growing accustomed to. She figures she is early so she doesnt bother to turn the lights on. She just takes a seat at the head of the long table and opens her portfolio and shuffles some papers with corporate stationery and handwritten notes in the margin. She studies them arduously batting her long dark curls that keep getting in the way. Then, suddenly the doors swing open and the ceiling begins to glow with bright red, purple, and orange neon lights, a slight hum surrounds the visages of color above, and a display screen appears rising up from under a secret compartment beneath the table. A form appears on the screen as it lit up, a faceless shadow of a man who appears to have waves of dark curls surrounding his face like feathers being attached to his flesh, , but hidden in a cloak of total darkness and a pair of bright white eyes visible on the darkness of his form. Several men and women in dark black suits enter. Melody rises to her feet and nods her head as she nervously gathers her papers. A voice echoes across the room as if coming from no one person in particular, causing everyone to take their seats silently. This emergency secret meeting of the 12-VMX Secret Command Council is called to order. The voice echoes before them, dark, crinkly, and mysterious. Melody shakes in fright as she sits in the back end of the conference room behind a tall bald man with a strong muscular physique and square jaw, her boss, Luther Von Strauss, Esq., General Counsel of Temporo, Inc. A symbol rests on the table and on each cover of the leather portfolios carried by each person; it is the symbol of the Temporo, Inc., a set of double curved upside down arches as the symbol of the Egyptian snake god Apophasis.
Let us begin says one man at the head of the table, a cocky middle-aged man with a quick-witted sharp tongue and schoolboy temperament. It is important that we act quick and not let the other factions find out about what happened tonight. We do not want to cause problems for our various overseas operations. 
True, speaks Ogelsby Bradshaw whos older and shorter demeanor standing next to his younger and taller counterpart is recognized by all. Everyone in the room recognizes Mr. Bradshaw, founder and former Chief Executive Officer of Temporo, Inc. Mr. Bradshaw is the wisest man in the company who has earned the respect of everyone in the company from the senior vice presidents down to the janitorial staff for his kind demeanor and courteous smile. , but no one knows the true nature of his private life. I put my complete faith in this young man, Mr. Broad Staffnight, our new CEO, who will take my place and be a shining example to our companys continues success. The older man then takes his seat. 
Thank you, Mr. Bradshaw! I am afraid I could only succeed you as no one could fill the shoes you are leaving behind says Broad rising to his feet in sincerity. Now, the first thing, down to business with this museum incident, we know the death was no accident and wasnt supposed to occur, , but it did occur. 
We know that guard was not supposed to be there, Sir says a young blond woman sitting next to the seat where Broad sits. , but we saw from a hidden video surveillance tape of the scene that he was out smoking a marijuana cigarette, probably arrived early and waiting for his shift to start, when he heard a noise and ran in to check it out and met his death.  
Thank you, Liz replies Broad. My assistant Elizabeth Peters has been working with me on this cover up. We hired the Culto, a legendary band of misfit ninja warriors, and we found the artifact. , but now, a simple theft by our Contractor turns into a homicide investigation by the Federal Bureau of Investigations Strange Occurrences Project. Our contacts within the Chronix Bay Police Department and FBI tell me this was no accidental death as the police initially thought. It was true that the guard was shot with his own weapon, , but because someone or something turned it on him at the moment of impact firing. Because of this strange method of killing, the Bureau is giving it high priority and will stop at nothing to reveal the truth. We cant have this. If it was to be discovered that we really sent the Contractor and what we sent him there for, then we would jeopardize everything. We need patsies. 
Already done, Sir, a random search of the citizen database found two virtual nobody simpletons who are the perfect fall guys for this. Once they are arrested and convicted, the case dies and no one is the wiser speaks Liz with a clear and concise voice. No one would miss them. Liz pats two manila file folders under her leather portfolio.  
Good says Broad. And what became of the artifact?
It disappeared. Our guess is the Contractor has no choice when he saw the guard who was not supposed to be there and he panicked  he activated it. Lizs face was blank, pale as a ghost. It seems from our examination of the police file and our own investigators reports; there was a secondary alarm that he did not anticipate. 
Disappointing indeed replies Broad. We hired the Culto to get the artifact back safely to us. We are the objects rightful and lawful owners since antiquity time, not to use it. Regardless of his motives at the time, we need to get the artifact back, the Eye of the Gods must be returned home. 
, but now, Sir, it is simply gone says Liz bluntly, it could be anywhere in time or space.
We will find it my pupil. There is another way. Broads eyes burn with passion.
Chapter 4
The tall tower of the Chronix Bay News building loomed over the daily routine of the urban dwellers passing on the streets below each heading to their respective destination. While almost no one could tolerate the dangers of the high stakes news business throughout the city, the beat belonged to hard-witted reporter, investigative journalist, and anchorperson Sylvia Armstrong. She knew since she was a small child that she was meant to cover the mean streets and report the most important news to the public. Her eyes widen from the vantage on the twenty-eighth floor as she just barely makes out a mugging in broad daylight. A man in a hooded sweatshirt grabs an old ladys purse and runs off into the distance. 
Crime statistics truly are up in Chronix Bay thinks Sylvia to herself as she sits at her desk facing the large full-sized wall window in her office. Sylvia peers at the glistening visage of the ivory city over the water. The city maintains that name being called that often as a term coined first by Sylvias great grandfather, Stanton Armstrong, one of Chronix Bays founding fathers. Sylvia wonders how much the city has progressed, this great municipality since those bygone days. The stories of adventure and pioneering days that were passed on by her forefathers were drilled into her head since childhood, notably supporting the reason that she chose this career to pursue the truth at all costs. 
As the tides of time sweep over man and country so does the weeping of its most vital component, a mans hoarse voice echoes behind Sylvia as she turns completely to see her boss, Michael Oppenheim, standing there. Michael is a tall lanky man of Eastern European descent with a coy smile that churns his ever-ambiguous flamboyant yet openly jovial personality. 
Hey Mike Sylvia says turning back to the window.
Your ancestor often speaks those words. We wouldnt have what we have today if it had not been for the sacrifices made by him and others like him says Michael. 
That I know  Im not worried about the past. Im just worried about the future. Were facing a very real possibility that there is a growing divide in our community. Rich vs. poor, white vs. black, old vs. the new way of doing things and we may be losing the war. There is little we can do. Sylvia speaks cautiously as she faces her boss and mentor. 
As reporters we only find and tell the truth, not make it, says Michael. 
Maybe we ought to says Sylvia turning back around facing the ivory city over the water. In every one of us there lays a revolutionary she thinks to herself.  
Chapter 5
Chronix Bays downtown area is not unlike any major metropolitan area in that it has its ups and downs. There are reams of truth and lies inside the massive tall buildings trying to scrape the sky and store front outlets, eateries, localities trying capitalizing on every pocketbook and wallet holder walking around, , but there are some landmarks that make the city even more interesting. For many years in the past, and continuing into the future, the citys shining body of water, the Sea of Hope, leads into the vast network of rivers that feeds out into the Atlantic Ocean. Also, at the citys heart is the tallest structure at the center of town. This structure exceeds the other buildings in the area in both attractiveness and uniqueness. Recently refurbished, the structure is made of pure nickel and glass metal and shines like an obelisk, a beacon, against the backdrop of the clear waters of the Sea of Hope in the distance. It is a mighty fortress by the bay for the world to see, the Chronix Bay Central Tower aptly named as being constructed exactly in the center of the city coordinates. Its history is a legend known to every elementary school boy and girl who has to memorize the classic song from the history books written in the name of the founders old glory reigning onto the spectacular view and transcendent proverbial power spilling out of the shining glass walls to the memorial dedicated to the founding fathers.  The Museum of Ancient History is nearby showing the old and the new reminiscent of that old blending to the new in the pages of history. 
Watch it, buddy screams Sylvia bumping into someone on the streets. Sylvia is trying to squeeze her way through the crowd near the museum of ancient history during the day. There are press vans and police cruisers maintaining their position from the burglary the night before. Sylvia shows a press badge to the police officer guarding the crime scene area near an array of yellow tape. The officer shakes his head and refuses to let Sylvia through.               
Sorry, I have strict orders. No one can pass through! the officer exclaims.             
Havent you become familiar with the rights of the fifth estate, freedom of the press, and so forth at the academy? Sylvia yells in response as she struggles to lead her camera crew through the crowd. Sylvia is disgruntled at the idea of being thwarted from going in to report the truth about the crime scene. Come on people, press coming through Sylvia yells. 
The officer shakes his head and held out his hands refusing them access. Other officers soon approach including an overweight plainclothes detective with a beige trench coat and hat. 
Whats going here? screams the detective with a pompous attitude and toothpick in his mouth. 
Detective Cartwright, were trying to get through. Im Sylvia Armstrong, Channel Nine news. Are you willingly refusing us access? You know this is highly illegal. We have a right to report this scolds Sylvia. 
Not now, you will get a chance later when were done investigating says Cartwright. 
Hey, I am used to investigative journalism on the ground floor. I was in the danger zone filled with mines in the fields of desert storm, many explosive sites of Kosovo, Somalia, and Afghanistan. I need to be there Sylvia points to the floor where several suited men and uniformed officers snoop about and examine the scene. 
Im sorry madam, , but I was told no by the Lieutenant and Agent in charge says Detective Cartwright.
 This is ridiculous. I think youre aching for a lawsuit, again says Sylvia moving closer to the detective.
Hey says Cartwright pointing his finger in her face you will have to wait. This is a joint investigation with the Federal Bureau of Investigation and we will have a press statement released shortly. In the meantime, hang tight or you will be taken into custody he adds.
What? Sylvia responds rhetorically with a shocked grin as Cartwright walks away with the officers, , but the original one who continues to stand by blocking their path. Hey, hey Sylvia yells again at the other officers and suited agents walking by. The agents and officers continue to ignore Sylvia and her camera crew. We just want to know what happened to the guard.  Is there any word on him? 
Sorry says the officer refusing access to Sylvia and her crew along with the several masses of reporters and pedestrians behind them. 
Nearby, Agent Adam Stone talks with his old buddy Lieutenant Brock Walton. 
This time of year is especially difficult with the news. The breaking and entering job of the museum really put an extra spin on things says Brock. 
Well it isnt each day something of this magnitude happens in a town as isolated. I heard about your local muggings and riots, , but nothing like this. I bet everyone in town is a bit shaken up says Adam.
I know. We are letting people in on a case by case basis. Your division has issued top clearance only orders on this case. Back there you can observe a lot of ruckus from the press. Brock looks at Sylvia and her crew trying to get through the police blockade and waving their arms over to the lieutenant and agent. 
Who is that? asks Adam looking at Sylvia. 
Thats hard-nosed investigative journalist Sylvia Armstrong. She is used to unorthodox methods of getting to the crusade for the truth as she calls it. I collared her myself a couple of times for breaking and entering where she didnt belong. It looks like she is behaving herself this time says Brock.
Sylvia stops and stands still suddenly looking at the agent wearing a navy blue shirt and a purple tie as he looks back at Sylvia. Sylvia ignores the lieutenant barking out orders to the uniformed officers around the area running back and forth with evidence bags. Sylvias eyes lock with Adams. Adam has his hands placed on his hips and speaks to the lieutenant. There is a sudden attraction between Sylvia and Adam. Sylvia begins to wonder who he is. , but in the midst of the confusion of the crowd, Sylvias main cameraman yells out to Sylvia because of her crew finding another point to get a clear shot from without crossing the tape and they were heading in that direction. Sylvia follows them passing by the agent and lieutenant on their way to the vantage point. As Sylvia and her crew were in earshot of the pair of law enforcement officers, Sylvia yells out rhetorically when are we going to be allowed to eat at the big kids table? 
Adam and Brock turn to Sylvia seeing her walk away. They were in shock and Adam stares with a curious frown at the young woman who he feels an unearthly attractiveness to. That Sylvia is interesting and feisty Adam whispers to Brock. 
I think she just crossed the line, Adam. Do you want me to shut her up? Brock asks.  
Dont you dare Adam scolds. 
Sylvia walks coolly down the sidewalk next to her cameraman who nods to Sylvia in recognition you got some guts, were lucky they didnt come after us.
I dont care about that. I want to find out why the feds are on this says Sylvia.
We got to wait for the press release. There is no other way says the cameraman. Besides what makes you so interested in that suit anyway?   
I dont know, , but I have to find out  somehow replies Sylvia.
Chapter 6
Miles away from the downtown area where the mayhem of the crime scene continues, the daylight is bright over the citys residential district. The sun shines overhead and the day is relaxed and quiet. The people of the city have wandered about their daily routines in the urban center, , but far from the chaos of the museum there is silence in the residential district. The routine pedestrian population is gone, the people either out at work or tucked in their homes dismissing their silence from the streets as they went off to their places of business or learning not knowing what has happened at the museum the night before. 
Chronix Bay has had its share of poverty and homelessness. Amongst those aware of the decay of this society were the lonely and impoverished individuals who sulk about aimlessly. One of those wanderers, lost in his own world, is James Timewalker, a young man in his late thirties. He strides down Main Street. 
James is often alone. He has grown accustomed to too many hardships during his life of failure and notes each moment as he passes by the old high school, now an ominous fortress in its afterhours appearance. It appears empty, lonesome, epitomizes the reality of poverty and of utter want as he passes by looking up at it. At this time, of the year it is vacant with not a soul in sight. He remembers his life as a student thinking that he always has aspired for success and has failed to achieve it, whether as a student or as a businessman or as anything he ever wanted to be. He grimaces as he thinks back over his failures in school, one of many in his life. His eyes were dark and lonesome; somber and saddening. His crackling olive-tone skin bear sign of a wrinkle showing pain that comes with age and he has a permanent frown on his face as he wanders without a companion, without an opportunity, without a hope, and without a prayer. He feels his dreams are an endless blur of images forever forsaken in the long expanse of time. He often wonders what the point of going on in life is when everything seems to equate to nothing no matter what he does.  He has no worldly possessions, , but the clothes on his back: a pair of faded denim jeans, torn sneakers and a loose fitting burgundy shirt with his sleeves rolled up to his elbows. Unlike the others of his contemporaries that have retired from wandering throughout the city, he embraces the hot and humid air, muggy like thick pudding, and, so he fears, a shallow precursor of things to come. He has a heavy unkempt beard and a thick odor, not having has a shave, bath, or warm meal in weeks. His personal hygiene and his dreams have vanished long ago into the realm of oblivion. He walks across the intersection of Main Street and Avenue X as he has done hundreds of thousands of times before since he was in grade school and now being thirty-five years old, homeless and destitute, sad and lonesome he continues that journey into nowhere. As clouds begin to gather and the rain begins to suddenly pour down hard, he walks forward with a sense of indignation and humility. He feels an acceptance of his current state of affairs and how glory and hope might never return to his world or to his heart. 
After a moment, the rainstorm has passed and James walks forward down towards the blocks surrounding the pier and the Sea of Hope, the body of water that borders the small community where he grew up and still lives. His clothes are drenched from getting caught in the midst of the downpour. He does not know where he is headed for the moment nor does he know where he is headed for in life. He looks past the small body of water towards the shining downtown center with its tall buildings. He hopes and prays this one of many trips to the Sea of Hope would yield some benefit, , but he felt he knew better. 
He turns and saw in the distance a silhouette of a woman and as he strains his eyes, decaying with age, he saw her approaching suddenly. He thinks she looks familiar. His mind quickly conjures up the past image of a face he hasnt laid eyes on in ages, a young woman from his past who he has once harbored great feelings of attraction for, , but has always been too shy to speak to her. His mind is feeling aged, , but his soul is as mighty as a runway train. He approaches her barely making out her facial features, the intense sunlight blurring his vision. He walks along the street finding it difficult to see. As the two became physically closer, he saw more of her ever-so slightly. At first he thought he might be hallucinating, a mirage brought on by fooled senses because of malnutrition and dehydration, , but as he is compelled to approach her. He did approach her. He saw her clear as day. She is dressed slightly provocatively, wearing a short mini-skirt, netted stockings, leather boots, and a white cotton shirt tied at her waist revealing her belly , button, her sleeves rolled up to her elbows. Her hair is dark with chestnut blond highlights and tied in a knot behind her head. 
Tina May," says James, his hoarse voice barely forming the words, Tina May Prescott, is that you?  He notices her head turn, her dark brown hair and pale complexion glistening in the open street lights. She is very beautiful!" he thinks as he approaches. 
She smirks.  Do I know you? she asks, a young lady in her thirties, accustomed to life on the streets.
Yeah, he says standing before her, It's James. James Timewalker. We went to CB High together back in ," he grunts, "...too long ago. He laughs and she smiles in return. 
I do remember you now. You always were a funny one.  How have you been? 
Well great 
She catches his confusion. You're not doing too well, huh? She frowns seeing his shabby and unkempt appearance. 
What about you? he asks. 
Doing well, she replies shrugging her shoulders.  Trying to survive like everyone else, she adds.  
Aint that the truth? It is nice seeing you. We ought to keep in touch. 
That would be great. Tina smiles in a manner symbolic of preschool puppy love. Then, a car pulls up, headlights bright purple of the old Cadillac. Well I have to go. She pulls out a card from her shirt pocket and hands it to him, call me when you get the chance.
He thanks her. He pockets the card as she turns away and enters the old Cadillac that subsequently pulls away. He feels the sense of , butterflies in his stomach like a school boy crush he carried once before. The feeling of romance newly revived in him makes him forget his troubles and feel young again. He thinks he would see her again soon. Then, he turns and realizes the reality of his meager existence and that the truth is that he is alone in the dimness of the street corner and he is homeless.
Chapter 7
Its how the other half lives. We exhibit fortuned excellence of and for all civilizations.  Broad Staffnight speaks so eloquently with his silver tongue and a quick-witted inflection that his echo could be heard down the dim corridors and brightly lit hallways and doorways of the typical lavishly decorated office building belonging to Temporo, Inc., a major corporate giant in high stakes finance and not a typical company in the downtown areas of the metropolis of Chronix Bay.  The arched portals mimicked ancient Greek architecture and the attitude of the principal officers are akin to the Gods. Just imagine my friend, with the right timing and patience, we will be like Gods.
I like your style, Broad.  You have a bright future with this company. The older man pats his subordinate on the back as he walks out of the younger mans office.  
Ill see you at the country club, Mr. Barry, says Broad waving goodbye to his elder contemporary, Mr. Marion Barry, Chairman of Temporo, Inc.s Board of Directors and a solid mentor to Broad as the elder man left the room.  
Broad then looks at his subordinate Daniel Raymore, in-house accountant and chief bookkeeper, and yells out into the hallways, Mildred, come in here please.  Broad beckons hoarsely as he has done many times before in a loud manner for his assistant, a fair-haired young woman in a plaid dress and small glasses. Daniel takes this as his usual cue to leave without question and slowly heads out the door as Mildred enters the room. Broad admires her tall voluptuous frame as she approaches and he reaches out as if to grab her rear end, , but smirks as he pinches the air behind her.  Nice caboose mamasita. 
You wanted to see me, Mr. Staffnight? Mildred looks at him with her usual tone that indicates respect, , but an attitude that she is not at all amused by his behavior. 
Talking about fortunes and empires, making money, and distress. Broad utters his famous diatribe that all who knew him has grown accustomed to as he waves his hand in the air melancholy. 
Yeah, nice staff you got here, Broad utters Denis Thoroughgood who passes by the office glancing through the open door. 
Broad gives him a coy glance signaling that he wants to be uninterrupted.  
We will discuss more about the project soon, Denis he responds with a sly hint of annoyance in his voice. 
No problem. Denis responds with a smile as he pops his head into the office, nods quickly, and then just as quickly takes his leave from the large corner office closing the door behind him. 
Broad then takes his seat at his desk as Mildred sits in the chair before him with a pad and pen resting in her lap. Broad is what most would consider a ladies man and has his way with anyone he pleases.  He stands six foot five inches tall, square shouldered, tight round jaw, and jet black buzz cut-type hair and slimming into a pro formal Armani suit, gilded cuff links, and bright orange power tie that epitomizes the perfection and massive wealth that he seeks and claims he deserves. When he sits he exhibits the persona of the all-American boy, a football quarterback and champion star athlete in high school, who dated and married the homecoming queen, studied law, politics, and high finance at the finest European schools, served in the Marine Corps, and now is head of one of the top Fortune 100 companies in the world. , but there is something else about the way he carries himself that makes him seem far more ominous as his long arms curve in front of him like tendrils plotting and waiting deviously for the kill. We need to talk more about your future. 
Mildred reluctantly smiles and sits uneasy in her seat before her boss marble laden large oak desk. 
Broad lights and smokes one of his famous Cuban cigars taken from his secret spot underneath a hardcover copy of Machiavellis Prince in the middle right hand draw of his desk. He looks at Mildred as he puffs his cigar. Do you know why I called you in here? 
No, Mr. Staffnight. I am hereshe begins.
Honey, will you please do a favor for me? Broad interrupts her. Will you call me Senor (accent) Staffnight? That Latin side of you makes me all fired up. Broad mimics a jungle cats roar jokingly as he displays his hand out like a claw. I feel feisty too. 
Mildred begins to rise to her feet. I dont feel comfortable.
Sit down, Broad commands.  We are here today to start talking about fortunes and empires, the true realities of making money, amidst the boldest corporations of high finance in our market. 
Mildred rolls her eyes with a nonchalant attitude displaying sarcasm, , but having a hidden fear of Broad. Mildred has heard Broads typical diatribe before, , but was never alone with him. Mildred has heard that Broad made his usual sexual advances to the female staff during time alone with them.  
Mildred, Broad continues. Some say that there are some things in this world that are too powerful to fully be understood by the human mind  , but given the right market anything is possible, even amid the chaos and distress of innocence lost, madness revered, challenges conquered, things lost, more gained. His thoughts slipped away from him as he gazes into empty space. 
Sir Mildred interrupts. 
Mildred, Broad screams out. I want you to prepare a letter to Mr. Lorn Kilner of Chronos Enterprises and inform him that we are ready to participate in the project that we discussed last week and that preparations are being made to engage the relevant third party collectors who will bring forth the necessary equipment.  He smirks as he watches Mildred, carefully taking notes and he admires her slim physique in a tight red, short dress, her sleeves pushed up to her elbows and her long legs crossed in front of her with her legal pad on her lap where she furiously takes copious notes. Further inform him that we have devoted our full attention to this matter and the success it will bring to both our firms. 
Yes sir. Is there anything else? asks Mildred. 
Yes, get up and shake that money maker for daddy, Broad puffs his cigar proudly as Mildred rises to her feet grumbling, hands placed on her hips, giving him a deathly glare, , but then turns to leave without another word and Broad looks at Mildred as she walks away from Broad completely disdained by both his ego and his tone. 
Chapter 8
James walks down the streets amongst the garbage-strewn sidewalks of his home community.  He bears facial stubble and lice-ridden short black curly hair, sun-tanned complexion, and yellow teeth.  Intense heat from the sunlight makes him sweat profusely in the dying neighborhood around him.  
James  James Timewalker, is that you?  A limousine approaches appearing oddly out of place in the decaying mess that became this tattered community.  A man in his thirties with a mustache and custom made suit popped his head out of the window.  
Hello, do I know you? Asks James as he stops wondering who knows his name, specifically someone wealthy enough to be in a limousine.  
Its me, James.  Cyrus Bilderberger. We went to Chronix Bay High together.  Wow you look  different.  Cyrus says with a shy frown.  What happened?  
Life happened I guess.  The economy is rough and its tough to get work and boy do I need some cash says James.  
Im sorry, James.  Let me help you.  Cyrus exits the limousine and reaches into his back pocket. 
No, Cyrus, I cant take your money. James speaks modestly ashamed of his own sorry state of affairs.
Actually, I was going to give you something better than money. He takes out his wallet and opens it, pulling out a business card. 
Nothing is better than money laughs James, , but then stops as he saw Cyrus has a serious look upon his face. He hands James the business card taken out of wallet. 
Whats this? asks James.  
Possibly your future, you see I run a Fortune 500 company in Superior City and we need some good people for a special program we are starting aimed at assisting disadvantaged members of society to get a better grasp on life says Cyrus. 
They dont want me. Im a junkie, I mean recovering junkie sort of by choice says James.
We can help you get the help you need.  Just think about it and call me.  Here he gives James a quarter and then reenters his limousine and smiles. 
Thanks says James. 
It is good seeing you again, James Cyrus waves as the limousine drives off leaving James still alone and homeless. 
James looks at the card and smiles. Temporo, Inc. Knowledge is power. That is interesting. James pockets the card and continues on his way towards no place in particular. 
Chapter 9
Lives in wealth and poverty split in two, , but no longer. Broad Staffnight speaks with a revered voice rivaling any who he went up against as he stands on the stage of the auditorium before a crowd of military and civilian individuals ready to eagerly embrace the unveiling of a new technological advancement by his company.  Broad remembers practicing the speech in his head a dozen or more times and thinking of what he is working on is going to change civilization as he echoed the words before the podium microphone as he has done to the mirror in his bedroom over a thousand times over. We are on the threshold of a new era where the technology we dreamed of for centuries will become a reality and the power our ancestors envisioned as the scourge of their gods will help us turn myth into reality, legend into truth, and hope will come to the world.  Along with our philanthropic endeavors to rid the scourge of homelessness from our city streets within one generation, we will focus on producing new innovations and technologies to challenge us and bring hope and prosperity to humanity along the way. This technology behind me is the key to the beginning of our journey into the next step of humanitys transgression into the new frontier of exploration Broad says gesturing to the curtain behind him that connects to a gilded string hanging before him. This will help us in many ways and be used for the benefit of humanity and we Temporo, Inc. will lead the way! Godspeed on our journey with this new device that will be the first of many more to come as our future depends on it!  
The crowd applauds and stands, eagerly ready for their exposure to the promise of tomorrow. 
Broad pulls the string and the curtain drops, revealing a large pod with circuitry and computers attached spanning almost the entire auditorium. There it is, the Temporo, Inc. Matter Stream Generator, the worlds first Teleportation Device says Broad. Broad grimaces as he unveils the device he has helped build and that he and others like him have dreamed of for so long. Broad then remembers the story he read as a child by Herman Melville, about a sea captain who has been obsessed with the hunt of the great white whale and how he is often warned by his superiors that a healthy obsession is one thing, , but a crazed one would ultimately destroy you  how odd of me to remember that now? Broad thinks as the crowd erupts into further applause and ovation to the glowing smiles of the white coat scientists and dark suits on stage, some bearing signs of a military background. Broad merely smiles and rejoices at the moment. 
Chapter 10
James grew up in Chronix Bay and he always has a run of bad luck in life.  He never finished high school and he never held a job for more than a month.  His friends from his youth have left for bigger and better things, including his childhood sweetheart. He got involved with drugs and alcohol at a young age and never recovered; falling behind in everything he did until even his own mother has enough and he is left alone on the streets with no money and not having any hope. James spent his childhood racing up and down the streets in his hometown of Chronix Bay, as he is chasing pipe dreams and ice-cream covered fantasies.  James still spends most of his adulthood doing just that, , but often yearns for more.  James frequently faces the untenable dilemma of surrendering his hopes and dreams, his goals for the future, to the relentless search for the unknown. Having always been curious in wanting to pursue the lure of riches and pleasures that accompanied the stereotypically successful life, James is drawn to a life on the streets mainly because of his personal failures that came to pass. Ironically, James failed at his life so far having stemmed from his childlike curiosity. James tries to make himself feel better by accepting his life and being grateful that he is not confined to the golden cage of a typical corporate office job, , but there were times when he is envious of those who have attained such status.  James is a disadvantaged and poverty-stricken Latino youth and knew that others such as he faced similar fates and remain ignorant of their potential. It is not the first time that James wondered about this dilemma and it would not be the last.  James has survived for the past two years by the only means he knew how: lying, cheating, and stealing. It is the grace of good fortune that prevents his capture by the police or the local criminal gangs. James sometimes wishes he has heeded the warnings of his late father to better himself. Knowledge is power his father always has observed during his life, , but James did not listen and still thinks it is better to enjoy life and the vices it brings.  It is funny, James thinks that now he is given the chance to better himself with those three simple words on the business card he held in his pocket, knowledge is power. 
Time passes like sand through the hourglass and the day became night. James walks down the street breathing a sigh of relief having avoided the local crime gang called the Night Stalkers. James notices the sidewalks are empty, with not a soul around, , but one, an elderly Native American woman who is dressed in a large shawl, adorned with multicolored feathers.  The wrinkles on the womans face display wisdom beyond years and she jingles a handmade necklace made of turquoise colored beads, bits of straw, and a green pendant shaped like a pentagon at the end of it. The woman makes a stern glance at James as he walks by. 
The strength of the spirituals is with you, the woman says extending the pendant to James, , but he avoids contact and keeps walking.  
Maybe later James nods with a grimace as the womans voice echoes in the distances of his mind as James continues walking by thinking, what a nut case. James suddenly feels a shiver, as a gust of unexplainable wind permeates the air around him and he turns with a sudden jolt as he remained in awe to learn no one is there.  What the heck? James turns and keeps walking.
James arrived at a rundown alleyway near an apartment building in the center of downtown Chronix Bay. James used to reside in the building, , but is evicted two weeks ago because he couldnt pay the rent. James has been staying in the alleyway every night telling himself it is only temporary until he found a job to get back on his feet. As the dusk began to roll over the skies above, James decided to settle in for a good nights sleep at the location near his former home. 
The next morning James is awoken by a loud banging on the front door of the building of his former residence.  James struggled to get up to get out of the alleyway and to the front door of the building to see what is going on and who it could be. He saw no one by the time he arrived. James looks at the door instantaneously and found a stack of papers tacked to the front door.  Notice of Eviction, the papers read. Someone elses misfortune James muttered as he shakes his head, thinking that the citys homeless population is going to increase. James crawled back into the alleyway and went to sleep.                                          
Hours later in the same morning, James is awoken by another loud noise. James struggled to get up to get to his feet, and minutes later he heard a series of sirens in the distance. Then, gunshots pierced through garbage cans in his alleyway. Oh my God James ran out and ducked trying to avoid getting shot or getting arrested.
Chapter 11
How does it work? asks Sylvia Armstrong, local reporter for Chronix Bay Universal printing the news and nothing , but the news, as their motto displayed on the side of their building. Sylvia is a tall woman dressed in a royal blue pant suit and pearls. Sylvia pointed to the tall cylindrical metal object in the center of the crowd.  
Well, says Broad Staffnight. I will refer to Mario Preparo who is our lead scientist on the project and head of Research and Development for Temporo, Inc. Mario? Broad gestured to a short balding man in a white coat nearby, small glasses pressed against his face. 
Yes Sir. To answer to the question posed by the young lady, there are many dimensions that exist in our definition of space-time, according to the laws of general relativity and its successor string theory, , but we were previously only aware of part of the story. There are many more. Modern M theory tells us there are over a dozen dimensions existing alongside our own three dimensional universe.  This device transposes matter of any kind to the subatomic level and fuses it to one of these other dimensions, resulting in instantaneous travel to any point in our three dimensional space by pulling out and reassembling that transposed matter into any location on the planet says Mario.  
Amazing says Sylvia.
Ingenious!!! exclaims another reporter. 
Spectacular! I wonder what runs it speaks another commentator. The comments began to flow spontaneously from the crowd. Thereafter, numerous voices speculated throughout the audience in grandeur at the device that sparked a million curiosities. 
Would you like to see it in action? says Broad Staffnight. 
The reaction of the spectators in the room is a resounding yes when they applauded in agreement. 
Hit it Mario, Broad pointed proudly, displaying his courage like a talk show host. 
OK! Mario typed in some commands on the control interface, displaying a standard computer keyboard, followed by pulling a lever beside the keyboard. Within moments, a bright hot white and yellow lightilluminated the core of theinterior of the pod at the center of the device and where there is nothing; the light faded revealing that there is a person inside.  The pod door lifted up like a canopy, projecting itself upward, and out stepped a beautiful woman with long blond curls and a rhinestone covered red dress, who danced before the crowd. 
Ladies and Gentlemen, meet the lovely Alexa! Broad yells as the room applauded loudly with amazement. As you can see the matter stream cuts both ways making it possible to transmit to or from the device.  Now I know many of the eligible bachelors in this audience will be sad to see the lovely Alexa go, , but we will send her back to the stage preparation room. My dear, please step back into the pod. 
Sure dearest. Alexa smiles passing him and squeezing his rear end. 
Not here, Broad smirks with a devilish grin escorting her to the pod.  The canopy closed over her once again. Broad nodded. Mario typed in commands on his keyboard and pulls the lever, causing the hot colorful light to appear and lingering for a period of time longer.  What is going on?  Broad asks curiously.  
I do not know, says Mario perplexed, the matter stream is being blocked somehow. 
Blocked? Pull her back, now! Broad yells as the audience stands in stunned silence.  
Yes Sir Mario pulls the lever again and the light vanished leaving, a charred human corpse in the pod, its skeletal features toppling over in the closed canopy. The crowed sighed in heavy disbelief and Broads eyes widened with hopelessness. 
Open it Broad replies yelling loudly. 
, but sir, adds Mario. 
Open it now! Broad yells and Mario complied. The canopy rose up and the charred remains of the lovely Alexa fell to the ground below. Broad dropped to his knees as tears fell from his face. Mario scrambled with the other scientists to clear the reporters and other members from the stage and the curtain dropped ending the show for them. 
The lights of the studio in the Chronix Bay Universal building were hot and bright. The cameras focused their attention on one person, Sylvia Armstrong. That is what happened folks. The worlds first teleportation device as devised by Temporo, Inc. is a failure that has taken a life. The State Governor has ordered a full investigation and the spokesperson for Temporo, Inc., Mr. Broad Staffnight could not be reached for a comment. It appears that the breakthrough in the next step of transportation would be set back for a long while. This is reporter Sylvia Armstrong signing off, Channel Nine news. The television clicked off and the remote control slammed onto the desk. 
Get me Staffnight, now! screams an elderly crumpled voice cloaked in darkness and rage. 
Yes Sir, Mr. Cumberberry, speaks a corporate official running out of the office in a panic.
Chapter 12
Alone on Main Street, James thought a lot about what Cyrus says and how James did want to better himself so he decided to go to the clinic address on the business card. James turns the street corner onto Bang Avenue nearly tripping over himself as he stumbled back after almost bumping into a woman taller and better built than James was.  James dropped his hands as he saw the badge on the officers chest and the patch on her sleeve reading Chronix Bay Police Department. 
Going somewhere, punk? the officer, with her arms crossed, says cockily to James.  
I am uh just going home James lied shifting his eyes and speaking in a breaking tone.  
Come on you are coming with me says the officer as she grabbed James by the scruff of his neck and pulls out a pair of handcuffs and slapped them on his wrists behind his back. 
What? I didnt do anything wrong James shouted struggling in the officers grasp. 
Relax, the officers pointed her finger at Jamess face, come peacefully or I will be allowed to use authorized physical force. 
Am I guilty of something? James shouted back at the officer. 
Must be something the officer snorted as she shoved James in the direction of the officers waiting police cruiser. You have the right to remain silent, you have the right to an attorney and have him or her with you during questioning, you can stop answering questions at any time if you so desire. The officer read James his Miranda warnings as the officer patted James down and slamming his body up against the cruiser.  Do you understand your rights as I read them to you? The officer asks.  
Uh huh James sighed looking at the officers name plate, Officer Hennessey.  
Officer Hennessey shoved James into the cruiser after opening the door, Watch your head and slammed the car door shut beside James as the officer yells, Punk!  
Chapter 13
The morning after being in jail, going through the booking process of being fingerprinted, photographed, and strip searched prior to being detained, is especially difficult for James. Not because this was Jamess first time being arrested, , but because for the first time ever he began to feel worried about his immediate future, not just his distant future.  James is being escorted to the court to be held in detention. James is worried about his immediate future, his well-being, and how he would fare in court since he is completely clueless as to what charges he is facing.  James stands in line at the side entrance to the court in chains awaiting his turn to enter and face the swift hammer of justice.  As James stands there feeling sorry for himself he saw the last person he expected to see in court. A few meters away, the police were escorting another prisoner to the court and it takes three officers to parade her up the stairs, wearing full restraints, , but putting up a strong spirited and incredible fight of great resistance.  The female prisoner struggled against the will of her captors endlessly even as she is overcome, the perspiration dripping down her face and dark brown hair, made James feel sympathy , but also a reluctant attraction.  A dozen loose emotions surged within him with a sudden shock as he saw her full face from the front. Tina? James questioned with a frown, feeling sorry for his old friend.  The three officers shoving Tina up the stairs were soon joined by two other officers and pushed her up the steps into the Chronix Bay hall of justice without a problem and the line continues, men and women who were caught in deceit and crime by one way or another now heading into the proverbial lions den of the criminal justice system.  
Chapter 14
The process in the courthouse is long and arduous most of the time consumed by relentless waiting.  James is processed in jail and appeared before the court where he is forced into taking a quick plea deal to lesser charges without dispute at the advice of his very nervous court-appointed legal advisor.  He still didnt understand completely what he is actually being charged with and the entire time in court felt like a blur. He is advised that it is a complicated matter and best swept under the rug. He felt cheated and abused as he is on the street: in one instance a homeless yet free young man in his mid-thirties and now a prisoner and property of the criminal justice system being criminalized, shackled, and sent into a lead cage of those termed outcasts and outlaws, as Officer Hennessy told him when he is brought to the court punk losers of society.  He felt lower than ever in his life.  The officer is not that much older than him, , but has a steady job, career, family, and roof over her head.  He has absolutely nothing, has accomplished nothing, and felt that he is exactly that, nothing.  He regretted his choices in life not caring about his life and his future when he was younger.  He began to care now, , but he wondered is it too late for me? He is dragged out of the courtroom in chains and brought to a ring of jail cells in the basement of the courthouse to carry out the beginning of his sentence.  He sits in a jail cell as the guards left him alone for the time being.  Somberly, he shakes his head and cupped his face in his hands and is about to sigh when he heard a weeping sound coming from nearby.  He looks over to his left to see he is not alone after all, , but he is with another prisoner who he has seen before.  
Tina James whispered softly and quietly.  
Huh? She looks over slumped down on the floor of her cell, her wrists and ankles shackled as his were and she is weeping profusely. 
James, why Im confused. They stared at one another thinking it odd the guards would put them side by side. 
I dont know  he shakes his head. 
Are you alright? he asks.  
Do I look alright? She shrugged showing her bindings.  She is wearing a grey sweatshirt and sweatpants.  I didnt even know why they grabbed me. This is insane. 
Come on. I can tell that you know why.  
OK, Im a hooker. Are you happy now?  She snapped crying. 
I know, he says frowning then decided to quickly change the subject. 
I saw you put up quite a fight with the guards on the courthouse steps. It is very impressive. He smirks. 
Thanks she laughs slightly wiping her face with her bare hands. I guess I can be pretty rough when I need to be. My dad used to be a boxer. 
What did they give you? James asks her the question curiously. 
Seven years. And, you? She asks. 
More or less, , but I think it is a case of mistaken identity. He shrugged then slumped down to the floor in his cell and saw her eye to eye.  
Yeah thats what they all say. Tina smiles with a sense of resilience.  
Prosecutor says something about murdering some guard. It cant be us. Tina adds. At least I thought it is crazy. I didnt kill anybody! Tina exclaims.
Murder, I didnt murder anyone either. James says shocked. This is my first time in the system.
I have been arrested so many more times during the past few years. It is more than I can count on one hand says Tina coolly. 
Tina May Prescott spent time with her old acquaintance and new cellmate listening to his tale of woes and explaining that they were not as far apart in life circumstances as they would imagine. She explained how she wound up in jail this time. Tina has always needed money fast and found it by turning to a life of crime. She knew that she would need to come up with more money fast to avoid being disassociated by her pimp and becoming completely destitute and homeless. She explained to James that she had walked into the approaching street which she knew very well. She is afraid of dying alone on the streets due to lack of nutrition, stable employment, or adequate resources. Each day and the night that followed were especially long and hard. Tina sits on a small stoop and rested for a moment. Each breath is a simple sense of sweet relief and recognition of life in the harshest of circumstances in the inner city , but also carried with it the innate fear that it could inevitably be her last. She has regretted the sad life that she has grown accustomed in the proverbial middle of nowhere lifestyle in Chronix Bay. A loud noise crackled across the darkening sky and rain drops began to fall in a massive storm. She sits with her head slumping between her legs and groaned incessantly. Then, she is approached by someone who appeared to be a perfect John, tall and well-dressed even in the slums of the inner city of Chronix Bay. She approached the man who turns out to be an undercover police officer. Tina explained that she was arrested for prostitution, , but is now being accused of some murder she never hears about. 
Thats awful commented James. 
Its life Tina shrugged slowly pulling up her sleeves and shaking her head. It sure is super-hot in here.  
Yeah, I see you changed attire since we last saw one another out on the street. He hinted at her sweat suit having replaced her scantily clothes.  
Yeah, courtesy of the CBPD, she smirks adjusting her shackled wrists in the tight compartment of her jail cell. This is no different for me, dude. Im just tired of the bull crap. , but she paused in the middle of her sentence looking at James suddenly stopping all motions and stare directly in front of him as if in a trance.
Hmm he suddenly froze as he eyed the bars before him in still shock.  
James, are you OK? Tina asks abruptly, , but received no response. 
Jamess mind raced, swirling before his vision. Lights of every color immersed into a spiraling vortex, tunneling forward and hitting an empty darkness sending him back against the wall in shock hitting his head. 
Wow! In a brief moment, he saw several visions. One is a vision of a car hovering in midair in a city he has never seen before and two passengers in the car, Tina in the passenger seat and he is in the driver seat, both wearing unusual fluorescent and multi-colored clothing made up of a shining metallic fabric, a green pentagon-shaped emerald in between them shining brightly, like a precious stone.  There is a subsequent explosion and the car vaporized before his minds eye, screaming and agony beyond imagination hears in the distance. He could feel the heat from the burning inferno smoldering near him, the smell of burnt ash and brimstone frizzling before him as he sensed a shiver to his bones like someone walking on his grave. 
The sound of voices emanated into and out of his cranium, Why did we end up here?  An android!  Sometimes you have to go your own way.  In the name of Justice, I fight!  Knowledge is the power.  The key to salvation is. 
He snapped back in shock and saw the jail cell bars once again in front of him after having experienced his mental trip through a massive void of thought and several voices emanating almost at once. 
That is freaking amazing! He speaks slowly. 
What was?  James, you scared me. For a minute you were moving your lips without talking and your eyes looks bugged out man. Tina adds fiercely looking at him.
Chapter 15
Happy Summer Tidings to all citizens of Chronix Bay both young and aged!  The traditional mid-year greeting is shouted by Mayor Trump Wellington over the series of microphones on the podium before him. 
There you have it folks the familiar face of Sylvia Armstrong, anchor person for the evening news covering the unveiling of the new breakthrough of Temporo, Inc. in downtown Chronix Bay.  
The Mayor continues: Today is a good day for all of us as we come together in joy and harmony to celebrate the beautiful day as a symbol that all our citizens are worth counting on.  The beautiful forty-foot teleportation device sits in the center of the city with fifteen yards of multi-colored lights adorning it.  We have also has an increase in law enforcement officers due to the surplus budget this year and the drop of seventy-five percent in crime rates as each of these brave men and women have been pulling major overtime.  Surely this is something that we can all be thankful for on this summer day.  
The television screen flickered off and on again. Humph uttered Trump Wellington under his breath as he held his scotch on the rocks and stared into the LCD image projected on his expensive designer television set in his office showing the image of Sylvia Armstrong reporting the evening news after his public speech.  His eyes stared into the television set like solid steel beacons as he drank from his glass in the desolate evening.  He observed her carefully as she continues with her report. 
And in other news, a mysterious figure has been spotted throughout the city with the apparent ability to vanish into thin air.  Many spectators witnessed the unusual sighting of a woman dressed in garb reflecting the period of ancient Amazon tribes that appears without warning and then vanishes in a brilliant array of white and yellow lights.  Many called it a miracle or godly blessing while many call it hallucinations on the part of the observers.  For those who have witnessed her, it is something that will not be forgotten as each of the witnesses is someone whose life is in danger and is rescued by this mysterious woman.  She does not say that much, , but appears during a dangerous situation and saves the person, then vanishes as quickly as she came before she could be questioned.  In the name of justice I fight were the last words mentioned by this woman in the last encounter. 
One example has been when one old lady is going to be robbed by street thugs; this mysterious woman appeared and thwarted their efforts.  Conversely, on another occasion, one young man is allegedly being stops and assaulted by officers of the Chronix Bay Police Department and this mysterious woman appeared and subdued the officers.  The authority with the Chronix Bay Police Department wants to talk to this mysterious woman as a person of interest.  Members of the famed organization No Pride Left Behind movement, a non-profit organization, have stated that this mysterious woman is being named by their organization as Soteria after the ancient Greek goddess of rescue, safety, and of deliverance and preservation from harm. Based on their interpretation of the myth, she is being claimed as a role model for all citizens to help one another out when needed and not to let the law of man or the police department stand in the way of upholding justice in the truest sense of the word, togetherness and working hard toward a positive end.  This is Sylvia Armstrong, Channel Nine news.
Chapter 16
What the hell happened to you when you passed out on me like that? asks Tina. 
I wish I could tell you.  I saw something that gave me a bad feeling that I cant explain.  Have you ever seen things that you could not explain, Tina? asks James. 
Like hallucinations and stuff? Tina asks. 
Kind of, , but it is internal. It is kind of like in my mind, sort of like a dream, , but I was able to participate in certain interactions of these remote environments. They were not really the past or the future like anything I have ever seen before, , but actual goings on as if I was there. It smelled real, sounded real, seemed real to the eyes, even felt real  lucid you know?  His eyes seared through the bars and seemed to penetrate her soul.  
Deep, Man! That is like that lucid dreaming stuff. I read about stuff like that being very common, , but not when youre awake. What does this mean?  Youre some kinds of psychic? 
Maybe I am losing my mind. He shrugged it off. 
Well we shouldnt rule out anything  you know its weird  many religious believe in this type of stuff. There is even a science about it  um parapsychology or something.
You know a lot about this James says with a curious brow.
Well ancient folklore across the world is somewhat a hobby of mine and I know that psychics have been revered for centuries by many different cultures, like the Haitian Voodoo priests, Native American Shaman, and even modern fortune-tellers on the streets of Superior City. She laughs to herself not realizing that James is mesmerized in another trance having his minds eye focused on the bars and roof adjoining their heads.  
James  James?  She shouted at him, , but his mind remained fixated. Oh great, she grimaced. Give me a signal when you go out like that she crossed her arms pouting to herself.
Jamess mind raced with the colors of the spectrum as he gazed inward again seeing the courthouse above them, the exterior, the rooms where they were sent for arraignment, the booking areas, the holding cells, a lounge where guards played poker and smoked cigars while cracking jokes of their latest collars. He saw all of this in a single moment of time and realizes he is more than a conscious observer this time, he could willfully manipulate things.  He focused his mind on a stack of papers in the corner of the desk of one of the guards and the papers fell to the ground. 
What the hell?  Is there a draft in here?  One of the guards asks his colleague curiously.  
How should I know? The other guard responds curiously, , but turns his attention back to reading his newspaper without a second thought.  
Oh well the guard nodded picking up the papers and dropping them on the desk.  
James realizes if it worked with the papers why not with something heavier, like the keys he thought to himself. He focused on a set of keys hanging from a ring on the guards belt slung to a coat rack in the outside hallway.  The keys slowly began to jingle and James feared they would be heard.  He focused his mind as if developing two invisible hands one slowly grabbing the bundle of keys and squeezing them together to avoid too much noise and the other hand unhooking them from the belt and together both hands carrying them slowly through the hallway down to the ring of cells and into his waiting lap. With eager excitement in his inner spirit, he awoke suddenly in his physical body. 
Wow, he envisioned his verbal response in his mind grabbing the keys and he smiles, staring at the end physical result of what he has accomplished. He looks at Tina who has been staring at him with a pale complexion and wide eyes, as if she has seen a ghost. 
What the hell is that? screams Tina maniacally. 
I dont know replies James, , but I like it. He glared at the keys and fiddled with them, trying each one into the locks on his shackles. He fiddled with the keysuntil the third key proppedopen the shacklesand he set himself free. He rose to his feet and found the first one opens the door to his cell and he let himself out.  He sensed Tina moving about frantically.  
Oh my God, youre freaking amazing. Hurry up and let me out. 
I dont think so, Tina. 
What do you mean, James?  You got to get me out of here.  
Why? asks James.  Why should I do that?  How do I know you dont belong here?  You said it yourself you are involved in crimes all the time and you do what you have to do. 
Like you?  We are more the same. There is more to us than you realize.  We are old friends. 
We havent talked since high school. James looks at her impatiently. 
Come on, I know you feel it isnt right to leave me here like this.  What you have is a gift.  I can help you.  I know about things like that, history, metaphysics, science, and religious and cultural folklore. I know multiple languages too. We can be good friends, more, Ill have sex with you she pleaded endlessly begging on her knees and trying to rise up against the bars before her, , but the weight of her chains combined with her own fears and anxiety kept her down to the ground. 
Now I know youre desperate.  He began to walk past her cell. 
You need someone like me.  I will be with you. Ill fight by your side. I will help you understand who or what you are with your ability. 
I can manage on my own. 
, but can you manage out there in a world that barely understands itself and wont have tolerance for those who are different like this. She speaks adamantly and crossed her arms as he looks curiously. I know we can work together to unravel this mystery. Two heads are better than one and knowledge is the power. I have information that can help us understand it, please. 
OK he looks into her deep brown eyes and saw fear , but also the sincerity and the words ran through her lips were as those in his head that he hears all his life , but never heeded knowledge is power. Perhaps they did share a common destiny as the twinkle in her eye matched his. Hurry up, we dont have much time. He tossed her the ring of keys and she smiles frantically searching for the one to unlock her bindings and then the jail cell door.  
Excellent she smiles at the taste of freedom again. 
Lets go, were not out of the woods yet. 
The two prisoners slowly made their way up the stairwell where voices could be heard of guards talking about a transfer to take place. 
These two in lower cell block D-F, Prescott and Timewalker, are going to be transferred to Ratzingers State Penitentiary tomorrow morning at 0800 hours. An obese guard speaks with a mouthful of cheese puffs stuffing them into his mouth.  
Why tomorrow? An upright guard asks. 
I dont question orders and neither do you. 
It just seems weird; there is no pre-scheduled order as usual. 
I dont care.  Lets get some more cheese puffs. 
The two guards wandered off down the hall laughing. 
Did you hear that? We havent been sentenced yet on our plea deals. The cases arent supposed to be over. Why are they transferring us? James asks with a curious curled brow and a self-righteous grin. 
Beats me, lets keep moving.  Tina replies.  
The duo made their way up the stairs quietly creeping passed the many closed private offices until they heard voices through the slightly ajar office door of Judge Wilxs Chambers. 
I dont care what you say Mr. Jones this is highly irregular, says Judge Farnsworth Wilx after dismissing his clerk into the next room leaving the judge with the district attorney Vladimir Jones. 
Judge, we have a limited time frame and window of opportunity in these two highly sensitive matters and we are facing political pressure from various sources. 
Aside from being ex parte, this communication is improper and tantamount to misconduct. 
Judge, I assure you that these matters are very important to my office.  We need to have Prescott and Timewalker facing justice imminently to avoid a major political incident. 
How is that so, Mr. Jones? 
The report on your desk speaks for itself.  I cannot serve it on the defense without jeopardizing a very sensitive investigation of my office regarding these two prisoners. 
It will be dealt with. Judge Wilx nodded looking at the thick hundred pages on his desk, a symbol on the front cover he has not seen in years, , but one he knew all too well from his glory days, a double curved upside down arch, the symbol of the Egyptian snake god Apophasis and the symbol of the Temporo Inc.s secret label 12VMX. 
Thank you, your honor. 
Tina and James looked at one another in the crunched crawl space in the stairwell near the open-door office they were peering into. 
Im confused. Tina whispered to her colleague. Why are we so important? 
I dont know, , but I think we are going to find out soon enough, adds James. 
They continued passed the door and hid in a nearby storeroom that is open down the hall as they saw Mr. Jones leaving the judges chambers and walking out briskly passed them without noticing them. 
Whew, that was close, says Tina. 
They ran out and as they exited the main door at the end of the hallway, a large alarm sounded and a guard saw them and pointed to them, freeze! 
Oh crap, lets get out of here. James yells leading them into a stairwell.  
Chapter 17
Mark Cumberberry, CFO so it read on the door in Temporo, Inc. headquarters in central Chronix Bay.  Mark sits at his chair in the large architectural design of an office space, a wet bar on one end and a designer leather sofa with throw pillows and a mahogany shawl on the other, a gilded centerpiece chandelier hanging above, and an extended marble inlaid desk with gilded monuments and statuettes of ancient Egyptian, Babylonian, Sumerian, and Central American religion and myth.  Plants hung from every corner and sits on his desk, adorning the office as he was a fond lover of nature. A giant mirror occupied the full length of the side walls to his right.  He sipped an entire glass of cabernet in a moments glance and then rose to his feet thinking of nothing better to do in the middle of the work day and approached the mirror.  
He stared deep into it and into himself, his eyes widened and physically morphed growing into large ovals and his nose and mouth protruded outward growing larger and his face growing wider forming a hideous snout with fangs extending from there onward as if breaking free after ages of dormancy.  A pair of horns grew from his head as long as scimitars and just as razor sharp, his tan complexion pigmented to a light shade of brown and hair grew on top of his balding hairline to cover his entire head, wild and shaggily extending downward, down his back, his suit breaking as his muscles grew covered with hair and darkening in shade, small tendrils protruded from his back and extended outward like a metamorphosis of a larva from a cocoon and becoming a pair of gigantic bat wings flapping back so far they knocked over to the carpeted floor a pair of historical Chinese figurines on his desk. His legs grew in size as did his back and stature ripping the suit pants until they were mere shreds on the floor and his feet formed the shape of hooves crushing the alligator skin loafers he has on.  His loins covered with brown thick shaggy fur further covering down arms to clawed rough fingers and hands and his legs, spine, groin, and chest, muscular physique to his upper body, neck, and face gritting fiercely with determination and gladness over the transformation as if a true being freed from the prison of a form he did not relish, that of a mere human being as he is more than human, he is stronger, faster, smarter, more resilient, and ferocious. He is a beast and five points formed on his forehead. He relished himself in this true form of his. He stretched out his wings and muscular arms towards the various potted plants in the room. The plants began to move on their own as they recognized him communing with them. The plants began coming to him as if intelligently sensing his presence. He is in complete ecstasy as he is surrounded by the flowing vines of the plants growing around him. The plants and the beast communed enjoying one anothers presence. He peacefully embraced his plants enhancing his own pleasures and relishing the bond of life they shared. Together they were happy in the moment. 
Then suddenly the door opens and entered a young blonde woman with a cup of coffee and she gasped when she saw him and dropped the cup spilling its contents onto the carpet as she ran out in pure fear screaming of terror. 
Oh my God, what is that???!!!  She ran out as Mark in his true form turns in a grit of disgust at the smell of a human woman interrupting his tranquility. 
A few doors down the hall in the large corner office of Broad Staffnight, Liz passed back and forth in a frantic panic. 
Liz, tell me whats wrong.  You act like youve seen a ghost!  Says Broad Staffnight seated in his chair arching his fingers together towards his nose.  
I think soIt is a monster like those mythical creatures, beasts, like the goat god Pan, it looks like a Satyr , but different, more grotesque and all I never saw anything so hideous in my life. I think it killed Mr. Cumberberry. I didnt see him in the office.  
Hmm Broad thought for a moment, that is interesting treading off towards his window panoramic view of the city skyline while not completely absorbing her issue as if knowing more than she understands.  
Broad, you think Im crazy dont you?  
Hmm, Broad responds gazing into the panoramic view outside. 
Chapter 18
The dim lighting in the halls outside the meeting room housed by the mighty Temporo, Inc. central tower echoed with the important conversation that has transpired within it permeating time itself. The building itself has been around for centuries , but there were meetings here going back farther dealing with ancient rituals and human sacrifice. Broad Staffnight stands in the center of the conference room inside at the head of the table thinking of how his father and great, great, great grandfather before him once stands there and commanded others as he did. The room soon filled with an array of suited men and women in expensive attire and prepared to lead the directorate of the company he loved, and that has been a part of his family for so many generations before, into the new millennium and beyond.  
My friends he speaks jovially to the group of proud business spectators. We have an unprecedented opportunity to do something that has never been done before, a new venture will unfold, and a project of millions of years in the making and it will make shockwaves for generations to come.
The meeting ended as usual with the words by Broad Staffnight 
Lets work together to build more bridges of fortunes and excellence for us all. However, for some the meeting is anything , but usual as the project revealed to them offered both high expectation and utter despair. 
I dont like this, Tom says Maria Bella from the legal department to her accountant colleague Thomas Papornos. Everything he says is either an outright fabrication or a perversion of impossible dreams. Maria adds as she gained an inquisitive look from her Mediterranean colleague. 
, but we know this can be possible.  Do you not know about the transition protocols that are being prepared?  Tom speaks in a deep seated Grecian accent. 
Of course , but it doesnt appear to be tenable. 
I believe it is perfectly within our means. We just have to keep our wits about it.  
Lets hope youre right or this whole thing will literally make shockwaves , but not in the way hes hoping. She gestured to Broad who is standing a few meters away engulfed in his conversation with Mark Cumberberry who has been immersed in another conversation of his own. 
Mark, Elizabeth saw you. He speaks to his mentor and colleague now back in human form.  
I know, he smiles sipping his glass of wine, a special unique brand of cabernet. 
You also know that our best kept secret must never be revealed to the public. 
I will handle her! 
No, I will handle her.  We dont need any more of your way of handling people. Broad grimaces and began to walk away angrily and then stops. I have to tell her the truth. You are fortunate she is one of us. 
I have issues on you too, my apprentice. You will have to answer one way or another at the real board meeting soon says Mark as he sipped his cabernet. 
Well we will have to see when the mission is complete before we jump to any hasty conclusions. Broad commanded with a threatening tone. 
Is that why I am only recently awakened, to act as cannon fodder for this merciless mission? Mark asks curiously. I sure as hell am not much in accounting matters. 
No we are all equally valuable to the cause says Broad , but we need to remember who has priority on the mission. 
So be it then see you when we search for the artifact of legend. It is upon us, you know. You will soon have your orders to assemble your team, Broad as you desire most. 
In that I can count on your support then I know , but I am pulling some strings on the others, especially to keep the teleported mishap a complete cover-up. No one is to know the truth. Says Broad as Mark nodded gently. 
We have no choice Mark uttered empathetically. 
Hmm Broad turns smirking slightly and walks away. 
Time is on my side Mark whispered to himself. 
Chapter 19
This is reporter Sylvia Armstrong reporting for Channel Nuevo news in the city of Chronix Bay. The hustle and bustle of the downtown streets continue to lay filled with protesters standing tall amidst one of the worst economic climates in US history, rampant lawlessness, unemployment, extreme homelessness, rock-bottom housing prices, and shortages of basic necessities like food, water, and gasoline, contamination and recalls continue , but amongst the worst are what has been coined as the law graduate job deflation and bust where many young lawyers and seasoned, new and old, are continuously struggling to make ends meet in a bottoms up economy. Those without jobs are quickly turning in their law books for aprons at the local coffee shops for the chance to earn even a meager income. From Barrister to Barista, says one recent law graduate, Marina Gomez. 
I am open-minded , but I cant pay back two hundred thousand dollars in student loans on minimum wage, unemployment, or food stamps. I like many others of my brothers and sisters need jobs and good ones and we cannot imagine a worse time now. We are not peons or slaves and not illegal workers , but we are people who deserve respect and need truly gainful employment. There is nothing wrong with fighting now for what is ours. She marched on with others holding signs in a circular picketing line chanting out loud at the top of their lungs, employment now! 
There you have it folks, the new movement for a new era. The television set fizzled off as the obese prison guard stuffed cheese puffs into his mouth repeatedly with a redundant snort.
Chapter 20
Several meters from the guards office with chaotically strewn files and junk food wrappers, James and Tina sought to escape their confinement. 
There has got to be a better way! Thought James thinking of his youth listening to the Rolling Stones as he and Tina ran up the stairwell curving to each floor circling frantic to get out to freedom. 
How many levels are in this building? Tina asks rhetorically as she fought to catch her breath.  
Almost there, James answered her hypothesizing with a grinning grit of determination. They turn the bend into the main landing of the ground floor and approached a metal door with the number one on it. 
Thank God, cried Tina in a joyous voice. 
Wait!!!James grabbed her by the arm and pulls her down to a crevice underneath the stairs and rolled on the ground besides her crouching down. 
What the..? 
Quiet! He held his finger over her lip as the metal door swung open and a moment later, two uniformed officers entered the stairwell. 
We got a level 31 on system wide. That means no one leaves the building, no exceptions until command says otherwise. The two officers headed up stairs. 
Its going to be one of those days. They continued their conversation changing the subject as to who would beat the Chronix Bay Pirates in the next baseball game until they were out of hearing range. 
Theyre gone. Tina whispered.  
I can still hear them, says James. 
Huh? Uttered a confused Tina, who are you, Bionic Man? She asks as customary as it can be and jumped out of the crevice to her feet. Come on, we dont have much time. 
James crawled out of the crevice slowly following her thinking silently then speaks slowly. You heard what they said, says James. We wont be able to leave the building. No one can. 
So we improvise and find another way out of here Tina smiles. 
Then suddenly the metal door began to open slightly. Oh crap!!! James uttered as he moved his arm up to the door with a quick gesture and the door shut closed. 
How do you ? Tina asks perplexed catching herself in midsentence with a wide open jaw as she saw James is holding his hand in mid-air towards the direction of the door and the door remained completely shut. 
I wish I knew James answered even more confused than she was. James lowered his arm and the metal door budged open slightly again and he quickly raised it again and it shut again. 
Hold it, man. Tina yells at him. 
I cant hold it like this forever. 
Right, we need a plan. Well figure out this freak show later. Tina yells. Uh, uh Tina looks up while wiping her brow then saw an air vent blocking a shaft. Thats it! Quick, give me a boost. 
I cant yells James. 
Come on; just use your free hand. 
Uh OK James used his free hand to hoist Tina up as she stepped up onto his hand and she tried to grab hold of the vent grate , but fell back on the wall behind her. Come on, James uttered. 
Damn it she says. Try once more, James. 
Come on you have one last try, this is our last try. He says in a panic feeling the weight of the door on his arms starting to give way and it wouldnt be long before it opens despite his efforts. She stepped up onto his hand, takes a deep breath, and jumped up grabbing the vent and hung from it with one hand like a chimpanzee then she disengaged the hatch on the vent with her free hand and shimmied up the shaft. Yes. Nice work, James adds reaching up to Tinas free hand reaching down. 
Come on boy she reached out to grab his hand held up high and helped pull him up as he continues to hold the metal door shut by keeping his other hand to the metal door until he is safely in the shaft and sealed the vent shut.  They crawled away rapidly. 
Moments later the metal door swung open and a platoon of five uniformed officers ran in and fell in nearly on top of one another. 
What the hell? A petite officer yells. 
No one is here. A taller officer commented. 
Then who is holding the damn door?! Yells a muscular built mustached officer with a gold shield and dark sun glasses even indoors as he commanded the fear and attention of the other officers. Find them!!! He takes off his glasses revealing his dark eyes as pitch black as coal and determined as ever, find them all. 
Chapter 21
Who were they and how did they escape? Shouted the mustached man to his subordinates in his office, the glass panel on the door read Michael Bromely, Lieutenant.  
I dont know, Sir speaks a taller dark haired man, with blue stripes on his uniform, who has a monotone and calm vernacular. I have about seventeen men try to open that door together , but they could not even budge it. There is a time when they thought that they has it , but someone or something on the other side shut it again and they couldnt open it again until they finally managed to open it. We think it is a malfunction locking mechanism that eventually gave way due to age what else could it be? 
What else indeed? Bromley speaks with an agitated and condescending tone. 
Its as if someone or something released its hold on it, says another man with a short stature and whiney voice and long whiskers as he stands between the other two men. 
Good point Sergeant Docson. Bromley uttered. 
Thank you. Docson replies. 
Well, all I know is that someone or something better be wearing cuffs real soon because no one makes a mockery of my department and gets away with it. I want whoever is responsible caught. Bromley yells. 
Yes Sir, replies the monotone man, Sergeant Offson.  
Any words on the two escapees yet? Bromley asks his subordinates. 
Not yet. We cannot rule out the possibility sir that they are somehow involved in the disappearing act in the stairwell. Docson replies. 
That is giving those two morons way too much credit, Sergeant. Keep me posted. Search every possible nook and cranny in this place and leave no stone unturned until you find them. We have to report to higher men soon, dismissed. Bromley stands there thinking with his back to the door and his hands on his hips, feet at attention as the Sergeants saluted their commanding officer and walks out of the office shutting the door behind them. Who are they? Bromley asks himself thinking back to a similar encounter he experienced in his youth as a rookie cop officer on the beat of the mid-1980s Chronix Bay. It couldnt be. He wondered. 
It was twenty six-years ago and a different time back then. He is a cocky officer straight out of the police academy walking down the street twirling his night stick and whistling a happy tune, The Saints go marching in. He still has a mustache , but less pronounced and no sun glasses during the evening patrol. He stops in his tracks at the sign of a hold up, a robbery, in his area. 
Hey, give me all your money, says a masks man raising a pocket knife to an elderly woman. 
Ooh no, says the woman shaking mercifully as she handed over her pocketbook. 
Hold it right there, yells the young Bromley as he ran to them waiving his nightstick then the masks man turns and ducked as Bromley approached swinging his nightstick at the masks mans face. The masks man then laughs at Bromley and struck his left arm with his switchblade. 
Ouch Bromley saw his arm bleeding through his blue uniform and he stepped back as the perpetrator came at him to finish the job when all of a sudden a flash of light blinded him for an instant, a yellowish blue haze, shone above them and a large object fell out of the sky directly above them landing on the masks man knocking him to the ground and rendering him unconscious. Bromley and the elderly woman stands in a grateful relief and awe as they realizes that it is not an object that fell from the sky and saved them , but a man, a man who got up as quickly as he landed and ran into the street as a Mack truck is approaching. Bromleys training in face identification and suspect tracking helped him recognize the man as a tall above average build Caucasian male with blue eyes and dark hair, a grayish shirt  and suit and a logo of some kind of gold etched onto it.  The man fiddled with his wrist as he ran and did not say a word , but in a matter of seconds as he is in the middle of the street looking at them held his wrist squeezed something and vanished in a brilliant flash of light of yellow and blue just like when he arrived and as the Mack truck passed over the spot where he once stands.  The pair stands their ground in shock of this sight they both knew that they would never forget. 
Bromleys eyes were widened with disbelief at what he just saw and now decades later there are more wrinkles of age on his face while the same awe and wonder of disbelief as to what happened that day remain with him and he ponders that it always will be. In the present age he is wiser and more seasoned at his job, his physical wound had healed, , but the memory of that night was etched in him unhealed forever. He never saw the man in light again or learned of the origin of the mysterious vanishing man. 
Bromley stayed in touch with the old woman who was the first crime victim he helped on the job and she passed on a few years later taking her unanswered questions about the mystery of the vanishing man to her grave. Bromley feared he would be fated to do the same. He thought of it from time to time , but never told anyone because they might think he is crazy. The bust did advance his career exponentially as he was given a heroes medal by the police commissioner, has a spot in the hall of fame in his precinct as well as a quick promotion to detective.  He felt honored , but often ashamed taking credit for a collar that wouldnt have happened has it not been for some unbelievable intervention.  His catholic background made him think that it is a sign from God and that the man maybe is an angelic heavenly messenger amongst us come to help him , but his scientific studies in college made him think that maybe some more physical down to earth explanation existed like some fluke science experiment gone awry, a form of science unknown to him, or voodoo magic or something beyond his comprehension entirely. He only knows for sure that he would have been dead has he not received that help when he needed it whether it was an accident or some kind of design by a higher grand person or entity, so he is grateful and thanked God for the chance to live on and continue to serve the public. Now he wondered if somehow this past has returns to haunt him and whether the mysterious vanishing man has somehow returns and the incident in the stairwell is somehow connected, hmmm.
Chapter 22
The long crawl through the narrow shaft is arduous for the duo trapped like rats in single file struggling to make their way to freedom and making it outside is like being relieved of a heavy burden. 
I cant believe I got the tail end of this deal, says James. 
Hey, I tried to hold it in. Tina sheepishly replies and both smirks. Where are we now? asks Tina. They were exiting the shaft and exposed to a wide field having followed the chute to an exterior yard surrounding the facility and fence work they observed surrounding the compound as far as the eye could see with barbed wire wound around each top with another set on top of that. The sound of barking dogs permeated the air around them and the odor of burnt ash protruded about resulting in a burned stench that escalated like the fires of hell searing with the brightness of the guard towers spread up with guards armed and ready like leviathans awaiting their prey, those eager to defy them. We may have a problem here, James, Tina says. 
James thought to himself that he would not have been put by fate into this situation if it is completely hopeless. There is always a way, he thought to himself and looks about the yard his eyes scouring the vast expanse before him with hawk like precision and something clicked inside and he could accelerate that sight. His eyes began seeing things quicker and then quicker searching frantically and then a red dot appeared before him brightly and it began lighting his way quickly growing and growing encompassing the whole field of his vision before him and rushing forward, as if a self-facilitated visual Doppler effect. His senses grew wider as they tunneled into a swirling vortex of infrared light penetrating his eyes and suddenly it stops as he is face to face with a small doorway underneath one of the towers with a padlock on it, a trap door leading directly under the yard and outside via an underground passageway directly to the open field behind the jail once used for shipping receivables according to an old sign he envisioned in his minds eye with all of the passage way. , but it is apparently long since abandoned as evidenced by the faded dirty roads and overgrown grass. There the door is covered with dirt and rust decayed over many years of neglect. The door is otherwise well hidden and invisible to the naked eye , but somehow James new enhanced senses picked it up. The door is meters away from their location , but seemed to James like it is directly in front of him. He smiles as he looks at his baffled companion and explained that there is a way out. They agreed to embark on the long quest out. They maneuvered their way slowly across the chain link fence then ducked as they approached the visual light range of the object tower and then quietly crawled near the fence what James described quietly to Tina as a virtual blind spot to the guardsman in the tower. Then they held their position until nightfall and James explained his story to Tina and how he managed to figure out their final escape , but she couldnt believe how his new abilities worked.  Nonetheless, she is grateful that it is a reality as a gift as she told him. At night fall they made their way to the door , but there is a problem being that they would be out of the blind spot and exposed to capture by the tower security guards light that is turned on after dark, a beam so bright to make the most hardened criminal freeze dead in her tracks. 
As they approached the trap door, Tina quickly used an old trick from her life on the streets by ripping off part of her shirt and entering it carefully into the lock of the keyhole and then sliding it back and forth very fast carefully not to break it , but fast and steady enough to use the friction to trigger the unlocking mechanism, as she explained to James.  After several seconds, nothing happened and James looks at Tina with an amused grin. 
I thought it would work. She responds to his grin. 
Let me try. James flung his wrist in the air and struck his hand down as he closed his eyes and pressed hard with his minds eye. In a matter of seconds, the lock clicked open. He opens his eyes and smiles as he removed the lock and opens the door. 
You got some real magic power, James Tina adds dropping herself into the hole. 
 James frantically looks up at the spotlight and saw it approaching and knew that they have to move. The duo quickly escaped through the trap door and down a tunnel and collapsed the door just as the light of the tower passed right over the sealed hatch.
James and Tina escaped from the tunnel leading from the place of their captivity. The road out of the tunnel and into the open field is lonesome and arduous for James and Tina.  After getting passed the stench of the tunnels and the muddy liquid on their shoes and clothes, it is a long run from the tunnel exits across the muddy and filthy field.  They walk down the muck-ridden dirt road looking up at the stars and quietly holding one another close trying to avoid being spotted by the guards who might spy over to watch the other side of the fence beyond the tunnels.  Fortune smiles on them as the nearest pickup truck made its way puttering along the dirt road for hidden treasures as the sole occupant referred to, a poor dirt farmer named Melville who is more than happy to have their company as he gave them a ride back towards civilization. He is the only one with a vehicle who stops by so they were grateful for the ride. 
You kids are heading to Chronix Bay, are you? says Melville. I find it you going to need some supplies and things. Melville is a simple man , but has a coy attention to detail. 
Yeah, we would be very appreciative of any help you could give us in finding some cheap supplies. We are kind of low on funds right now says Tina. 
 Lots of varmints in town got what you need. Free Castle is a mighty good watering hole to wet your whistle and ponder your next move. Melville replies. I dont want to mind what you two were doing nearby the old loading front for the prison.
Good, cause we arent reckoning to be telling laughs Tina mimicking Melvilles old southern vernacular. 
Well, we arent in Chronix Bay anymore. The first thing that we need to agree to do is get as far as they could away from here. James whispered to Tina.  
This here is Radcliffe. Chronix Bay, varmints, that is quite a ways east, says Melville with his broken dialect and peculiar vernacular depicting his lack of a proper education. 
James and Tina looks at one another with dismay. They knew they have been transported far , but not knowing how far would make it difficult to plan an escape somewhere else. They rode with Melville in his green faded pickup truck and spent the two and a half hour ride talking to them about his job lifting hay and feeding his pet rooster named Roger.  The duo smiles with complete joy as they endured this proverbial debauchery and were still ever grateful when he let them in and even more grateful when he let them off in a small town outside of Chronix Bay called Radcliffe population 2001 , but were not sure about the 1 according to the sign on the outskirts of town.  
Chapter 23
James and Tina wandered together to the local bar called the Free Castle, referred by Melville. which seemed aptly appropriate as they has flown the coop sort of speak and now were in need of disguises and a way out of state as Tina advised , but James felt that there more things to do here. They waited for their entry into their future as they entered the dark and dingy bar full of loud music and thundering sounds of rowdy bar patrons banging on the bar and tables demanding service and singing and talking, singing drinking songs, as the place is filled to the rear with what appeared to James to be the most undesirable of characters, bikers talking about the stretch they just did at the prison up the road for convictions stretching from aggravated assault to murder and rape and various other crimes he overhears as they passed through the ruckus. He pictured this place as known as a harbinger of future criminal activity. Meanwhile he observed his companion clumsily walking in with a big smile as if feeling comfortable amongst the riffraff he abhorred.  
You like it here? James asks apprehensively approaching the rough interior of the bar. 
I love it. I used to hang out in places like this all the time back in the day. Nearly was raised in them before my stretch in the orphanage. Come on. Tina beckons for James to follow her. 
Wow, James thought, Ok Ill stay behind you then, he adds. 
To those around them it is home , but to James it seemed different. He never asks to be part of this or even requested a part of it. He felt far from home and miserable, like an outsider walking amongst those with a mile long rap sheet and trouble caused at every turn. He was set up for something and did not know why. He looks at his companion who felt more at ease as she wandered around the bar beckoning to him to follow and remain casual. Before his current predicament, he never imagined setting foot into a place like this. Now he felt he has no choice. He wondered how he would survive as he lacked of knowledge of the difference between a Harley Davidson and a motor scooter as the bikers discussed before him. He felt uncertain of himself regarding his ignorance of the names and images on the leather jackets signifying separate groups or gang activity as he guessed to himself.  
We should leave, James insisted awkwardly.  
No sit down. Dont worry, says Tina who ushered him to the empty stools in the bar left vacant after an overweight biker whose rear end occupied both stools fell back from a combination of drunkenness and dizziness. 
James and Tina sits and looks about at the bar seeing only dirty bottles behind the counter.  
Ill protect you, Tina smiles winking at James. 
As they sit down, a heavily-bearded man approached them from behind the bar. 
What will it be? The bartender speaks hoarsely and loud. 
Uh says James looking helplessly.  
We want to lay low for a while, barked Tina. 
You must be on the lamb huh? The man laughs acknowledging them as James gave a suddenly shocked reaction as affirmative. Many folks in here got problems with the police , but to be in here you got to buy something. 
I knew it. Lets go, Tina. James started up , but Tina held him back down with her eyes firmly locked with the bartender. 
Well have whiskey, she smirks with a determined grin as James looks at her with a complex glance. 
You kids got some balls, the bartender laughs as he reached out from under the counter and poured the drinks and walks away. 
James we really need to think of a plan. Tina speaks sipping her whiskey.  
How are we going to pay for this? James whispered to Tina. 
Well get a tab, she shakes it off sipping her whiskey , but curiously remaining fixated on the question, , but this is the least of our worries. What are we going to do now? 
James threw most of his whiskey back and made a sour face. Ooh what the hell? 
Its an acquired taste laughs Tina, , but seriously now, what are we going to do? 
Well, weve just escaped from jail. We need to leave. 
Were fugitives. Tina says worried. 
I know. James looks around worrisome. 
We need to change clothes and identities fast. Tina observed. No doubt they will be looking for us and they have our photos to distribute on the evening news. It will be all over town.  Chronix Bay isnt that big.  I do agree we got to blow town.  
You act like youve done this before, says James inquisitively. 
I was raised in a household of criminals. Tina takes another sip. You pick up a thing or two about hiding from the law. 
You have been in trouble a few times havent you? 
Once or twice she shrugged. 
Yeah he nodded looking back at her. 
Tina takes another sip of her whiskey and fixated at the end of the bar, her eyes bore a sudden misty sense. You know, sometimes I wonder what really happens to us in life isnt always what it seems.
You mean like fate or destiny says James looking at her with a curious glare.
I never believed in that crap growing up , but the nuns at Saint Mary always tried to get me to believe in the notion that God has a plan for me and my future is written in the stars like everyone else. What a load of crock, huh? asks Tina rhetorically. 
There are worse things to believe in. says James. You were involved in churches and stuff so I cant believe the catholic experience in school and life didnt leave some sort of a mark on you. 
It was my forced rehabilitation as a kid. I guess my life would have been much worse if I would have stayed with the people I was with before. , but I honestly cant see it getting much better. Im still getting in trouble for stuff says Tina. 
James continues to look at her curiously.
If the great and powerful God has a positive plan for me, he sure is taking his sweet time. Tina adds sarcastically. Everything I ever knew seemed to be against Gods plan according to them so I tended to let it pass over me. I didnt know what to do really. Tina speaks eloquently to James dismay. 
You still kept your faith. Thats a good start says James. 
I was really curious about the other worlds and spirituality part. You know I read a lot to kill time back in my confinement in the orphanage. It made me smile , but wasnt real so the bad feelings came back. 
I read too, I for one loved science fiction says James laughingly. , but it is more about trying to altar choices and bad decisions. I guess I never got the time machine I wanted for Christmas.
Tina laughed. Heres to Gods plan for us she smiles and lifted her glass to his. They finished their drinks with the toast.
 How do you do that? James asks suddenly in awe.
Do what? She shakes her head.
You sudden change in personality and you just got all philosophical like that. 
Did I? Must be my crazy upbringing, harsh and all. I sometimes dont even notice things like that. You learn to block stuff out living on the streets as long as I have.
I know. Im sort of new to the homelessness thing, but it is rough. 
Thats why I read so much to lose myself out there in  another world says Tina staring forward in a melancholy gaze.
Sounds like you have deep feelings about a lot of things, adds James. 
Some by choice and some I wish I could forget says Tina. 
So we are both on a mission for our true purposes says James. 
I wish I knew what my purpose was. I suffered through so many heartaches, James. It seems my whole life to this point has been one mess up after another.
Maybe its a mysterious puzzle to be figured out says James.
Maybe Im just meant to be a bitch and a half says Tina jokingly. 
Maybe youre purpose is yet to be revealed. 
Thats what Im afraid of! She adds. 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The minutes past and became close to an hour as the sound of the bar escalated to a louder noise of rowdy patrons clanking beer steins and laughing, telling jokes and singing. The duo James and Tina sits on their stools trying to figure out a way out of their current predicament. 
So lets get going. How can we escape out of town? asks James. 
We can find a more suitable ride into town and get to the train station.  We can bum our way into two seats commented Tina. 
You mean steal? I am not comfortable with that replies James. 
We have no choice, James.  Like it or not, we are on the opposite side of the law now and we need to survive or were going back to prison and we wont be let out ever. You heard the conversation between the judge and prosecutor; theyre into some type of conspiracy to make sure we take the fall for these crimes, guilty or not. I am not doing life so you with me and maybe we can find a way to clear our names? 
James nodded after thinking of it for a moment and realizing she is right, someone is trying to set them up and he has to figure out why and Tina is the only friend he has right now who he could trust so whether he liked it or not they were stuck together.  He smiles reluctantly and grimaces hiding a tone of intrepidity in his demeanor.
Then two men began a drunken hoarse conversation nearby which soon escalated into a violent encounter. What do you mean by that? The larger man shoved the shorter man who regained his composure and lunged into his taller adversary pounding into his chest striking him with all the vigor he could find and knocking him onto the floor. The crowd begins to transform into a frantic whirl of chains and leather as the two fighting became several snarling at one another ensnaring their various items like clubs, brass knuckles, or whatever loose item could be used as a weapon, pool cues, broken beer bottles, or the spikes on their jackets, pulling of long goatees and pounding one anothers chests with fists prior to blocking blows on the nearest neighbor. They tossed one another in and out into the pavement outside and onto the wooden tables and chairs being used both as landing pads and weapons picked up to strike whoever is around. James and Tina ducked under the other side of the bar with the bartender.  
Whats going on? James asks.  
The bartender explained coughing, the Satans Warriors could get pretty defensive in their home turf. Their boss owns this here bar. They generally abhor violence except when their turf is threatened. 
Whos their boss? Tina asks. 
That big guy right there he pointed to a large man with a leather jacket, long red hair and beard tied in knots and a tattoo across the side of his face that read Hells a Pleasure. 
James says jokingly, one of the most common phrases In the English language, I guess. Can you be more specific? He asks jokingly. 
The bartender looks at them with a straight face, gave a quick reply of no, and he crawled off to the phone and started to dial three numbers and speaks. 
Hes calling the cops, Tina says worried. 
Good mentioned James. 
Not good, were wanted fugitives remember. We got to get out of here. Tina stated and then noticed a man in a black three piece suit at the end of the bar who didnt seem to be there before. He seemed oddly out of place. 
Tina, we really need to think of a plan. What are we going to do now? Tina what is it? James stops his words dead in his tracks as he saw blanks in Tinas face as she saw the man in the black suit. Tina, you look as if youve seen a ghost. 
Maybe, she ducked down and held a still gaze at the man at the end of the bar where James also turns his head towards and saw the man in the black suit there as if the fight around them didnt bother him. He is calm, cool, and collected dressed like a , butler or gentleman of the old nineteenth century with a tan complexion and has modern shades and a bowler hat. The man in the black suit muttered something to the bartender. The man has a pale complexion and small round beady brown eyes that appeared to burn a hole in whatever he kept a quick gaze on, fixed at the end of the bar he has a mechanical movement that seemed almost artificial and mundane. His black suit is old fashioned. 
James asks Tina beside him under the counter do you know that man?
I think so replies Tina. He looks like my father, , but it cant be she thought back to her childhood over two decades ago, , but how I dont know. They saw the man in the black suit now wearing a pair of sunglasses indoors and taking small sips from his glass of whiskey and then turns his head slightly with an almost robotic jerk and he removed his sunglasses revealing again his small brown beady eyes that bore into them like the fire of hell. 
James turns away, oh my we should go now. James started to rise when the bartender approached.  
The cops are on their way.  You guys still got to pay for that whiskey before you go.
Huh? James and Tina look at one another as they rise. 
Thatll be $12.50 to settle up the tab. The bartender speaks loud in the midst of the bar fight. 
Oh uh, James looks at Tina with a curious gaze. 
Yeah well, we need a more extended tab. Were a little short of funds right now. She adds. 
No thats unacceptable. Youll answer when the cops show. He backed off. Well see what you say when the cops come.
 Meanwhile the fight in the background has settled some and calmness of the rowdy tranquility that became an apparent permanence. The bikers were used to the occasional fight and settled back into their routine of regular drinking. Four burley sized bikers with the same fiery emblem on their jackets and spikes on their shoulders, representatives of the group known as the Satans Warriors who has been fighting recently then broke up their own fight and now has gotten behind the pair of homeless citizens. They turns and looks behind them at the slight intimidation they were facing and then at one another. 
We dont want any trouble. James protested. 
Well, you got trouble now. We dont take kindly to dead beaters around here. One way or another you will pay your way, now! Says the apparent leader of the group, a biker with a head full of long fiery red hair and a long goatee who smirks and growled as he whistled for two of his disciples who rose up behind them and grabbed James and Tina from behind and lifted them as they struggled and kicked back forcing themselves free of the grip. They found themselves surrounded by Satans Warriors and other patrons hopping up to the sounds of the disturbance. 
I dont suppose you have any magic tricks to get us out of this one, screams Tina.  
Yeah, just fight. James grabbed a chair and struck it to the chest of one of the Satans Warriors that stands before him almost twice his size both length and width combined. Then another romp and melee ensured where James and Tina fought against their sudden captors resiliently resisting the kicks and blows from their opponents as best they could and struggling to strike back. James received two knocks in the face and stumbled up striking back using more wooden broken parts from the bar stools and table legs. Damn, theres more wood here than the deck of the Titanic, yells James sarcastically as the various wooden items were being flown around the bar. Tina overturns a table as groups of Satans Warriors approached to bum rush her and another tried to grab her from behind.  James reached out to grab them.  The man in the black suit sits calm and observed with an almost sense of pride in watching the biker.  , but both James and Tina were suddenly grabbed and held again by two Satans Warriors who prepared to toss them out onto the street. The remaining Satans Warriors approached them vigilantly to defend their turf even against the two cocky street smart young people who were apparently more trouble than their purchase is worth. They still furiously kicked and they broke free after fighting for release , but were easily caught again. 
Get rid of them, says the bartender their more trouble than their worth. They were tossed out fighting till the bitter end , but helplessly outmatched. The cops are on their way anyway. 
The duo resisted their captors as they broke free again and made it to the door and were almost free. The duo attempted to run out of the door. Tina takes one last glance at the end of the bar where the man in the black suit sits as they raced out the door to find out that the man is gone and no longer there. James and Tina continues to fight on their way out as a pile of buckets and wooden broom sticks from the cleaning closet near the exit revealed themselves when a Satans Warrior fell back onto the door. 
Now thats what I call not coming out of the closet, yells James. 
We better go. Tina screams watching other Satans Warriors form a battalion to march toward them to kick them out of the bar for good so they ran out of the bar and saw a set of motorcycles, one with the keys in the ignition. 
Oh my God, can you drive one of these things? asks James.  
Well, how hard can it be? She got on and started it. Get on she yells. 
Right James adds as he mounted the motorcycle behind Tina and saw the bikers come pile out and panicked so he pressed tight against her and she yells, hold on tight, , but not that tight as they rode off and let a cloud of exhaust zoom out of the tailpipe and the bike wiggled along the dirt road due to the sudden movement so the other bikes, in a sudden domino effect, fell on top of each other. There is a thunderous noise and the duo is long gone from the bar. The Satans Warriors arrived to see their damaged bikes. 
Damn it! yells the leader of the Satans Warriors leading his pack out of the bar in time to see the duo ride off into the distance leaving the mess of many damaged motorcycles behind. 
Tina and James rode off into the wind thanks to Tinas professional biking skills having seen it done thousands of times. 
James smiles you have done this before, he speaks proudly in a frightened , but relieved tone. 
Once or twice replies Tina.
Wow remarked James. 
I told you, I grew up with roughens. She smiles. 
James eyes bugged out as he held on tight to her waist during the looming journey on the back road towards the city limits of Chronix Bay as they passed a sign indicating that it is just thirty-five miles away. 
Chapter 24
In the tall obelisks centered in the heart of Chronix Bay, modern day technological and architectural marvels of urban city planning in the midst of quaint semi-suburbia, the joint towers, conjoined together in the center and stretching into the sky above the meager underpinnings of residences and commercial districts that lay at the center of town.  In the twentieth floor about two thirds of the way up in the northeast tower, the lights remain on in the midst of darkness during the longest night in the summer solstice. In the large conference room, a marble inlaid table rested at the center over Persian rugs, wooden and gold and silver decorated coverings and a large crystal chandelier rested overhead, the table rested with gilded water goblets and pitchers and leather pad folios and silver pens shining in the well lit room, and a large monitor on the far end covered with a Oakwood credenza. 
 The meeting delegates began to pour in between five individuals and within seconds the monitor flickered on with lights. There is also a dark figure in the center who wore a dark suit and whose face remained obstructed in the darkness appeared.  Complete silence manifested itself in the meeting room as the five individuals sits at their seats. Broad Staffnight started the meeting. 
Good evening, my fellow Temporo Inc. board members.  We are here for a very important meeting.  We have just enough for a quorum and we need to vote on a serious matter tonight that holds no bounds. We are aware of the mysterious happenings in town, people vanishing and deaths of unexplained occurrences. We must now strike to seek our destiny and make a true impact on the events to come.  It is with this reasoning that we decide to enter into a new endeavor. 
And what is that going to cost us? Sitting beside him was Elizabeth Peters who asked the question nonchalantly. Elizabeth was Broad's secretary and mentee who grew accustomed to questioning him at every turn and offering critique. 
Liz, my pupil, how quick you forget that we will always have our expenses and risks , but that is why we are here and there is no greater price to pay than that if we do nothing. Mr. Brent Hightower, Chief of Police is here for security, he beckons to a tall slender man with a slightly muscular built and whimsical mustache depicting his Irish-American heritage mixed with his central African roots and constable attire depicting his high rank as a civil servant. He has so gratefully chosen to protect us on our extremely dangerous missions not only as a member of our board , but as sergeant at arms for our new assignments. Also, we have Mark Cumberberry, our CFO who is well versed in cryptic archeology and mystic studies who will prove invaluable on our missions. 
You mean the project is true?  We are going to Elizabeth started , but is interrupted by her boss and mentor. 
Yes my dear, we are going after the scourge of legend, the mythic artifact of the eons. That is the famous artifact that was wrongfully stolen from us, the eye of the gods.  
Why? 
Because  he stands shocked that she would ask, we are faced with a serious dilemma and that only way is to answer it and recognize our chances, save our future, are to know the past and that which binds it. 
I see. 
Dr. Thinga, our chief scientist will now explain to us about his latest creation with R&D to help us on our journey. 
Yes, speaks George Thinga, a small portly man with glasses and a thinning hairline. We have been improving the collectivization of projection of molecular atomic cohesion, a process that allows for the harnessing of enormous amounts of energy into a localized field.  In laymens terms, we have finally after much painstaking research into the field of particle field analysis that we can emit energy from a single projection point towards a body as a single projectile. 
In other words, its a ray gun. Broad says with a jubilant laugh. Sorry the old science fiction kid in me couldnt resist. 
Well, sir.  We are not yet at the popular science fiction stage with the technology , but we are confident that with further research we can improve it to become more portable. Right now, the Mark Ten is just out of the box as a five foot cylinder with projection coils and tubing to localize the photonic field. He gestures to a cutout wooden box behind him with a series of tubing and coils within it.  
When will this device be ready for field work? Asks police chief Hightower. 
We havent field tested it yet speaks Dr. Thinga. We are pending results from the experimental lab stage first to see how it reacts with living tissue.  Some of the rodent specimens we tested it on were developing unusual side effects. 
Such as adds Hightower. 
Well Dr. Thinga giggled as he twiddled his thumbs. 
What the good doctor means, interrupted Broad.  We have our homework to do to make sure that every contingency is covered for , but the device is fully functional and ready for further use. He nodded and Dr. Thinga nodded emphatically, 
Just you wait until you see what else we have in store. 
Good work doctor. You may leave, now. 
Yes, sir Dr. Thinga walks out of the room pushing his cart full of gadgets and a tubular device while whistling pop goes the weasel. He has a slight waddle to his walk that made him seem exceptionally joyous for a highly paid and top ranking technologist and physicist. 
So we shall come to a vote now on our new endeavor adds Broad. 
We shall commit fully to the project, Broad Staffnight. A dark crinkled and translucent voice emanated from the monitor at the far end of the table and the shadowed faceless man appeared to speak as many in the midst of their silence.  However, there are problems and we must address them, including the relic has been lost, the thieves sent to heist it from the museum have disappeared, and the relic is nowhere within our grasp. We must find it to fulfill this mission. 
Yes my lordship. It is simply lost again, lost to time says Broad. 
Cant we track it down like the ancient Mayans did? asks Elizabeth. 
That may be our only hope says the man. The room seemed darker and more ominous when he speaks, thought Broad. We must find the relic before the last time.  The man with the cloaked dark face adds. 
Send us to Brazil, my Lordship says Broad. 
It shall be done. 
So we have narrowed down the location? Hightower asks.  
We have narrowed done everything we need to find it.  We shall assemble a small team of four to travel to the deep heart of the rainforest and jungle terrain of the world to seek out humanitys greatest scourge and the worlds salvation and our future. 
Finally we could seek out the greatest treasure man has ever known, Elizabeths eyes gleamed with eagerness. 
I want you on my team Liz, , but we are seeking the treasure not for monetary worth , but for the promise it brings to control to whomever, wherever, whenever its found. Broad speaks eloquently.  
It should be used for peace, to keep and protect the people. Hightower adds. 
You will join my team as security only, Chief Hightower.  
And how are we going to penetrate the tropical rain forests of the Brazilian landscape? The artifact is only rumored to be there in legend.  Asks and commented Hightower with his deep voice.  
Ahem unnoticeably Mr. Cumberberry stands up slightly reminding the small group of his appearance. He appeared slender, lanky, balding, and pale-faced, seemingly malnourished at the edge of the conference room table resting his chin on his hands cupped before him with his elbows on the table before he rose up to speak.  He wore a maroon tie and loose fitting suit.  His cock-backed hair is silky and gave him the impression of a retired type. He lifted his glass and sipped his cabernet before he speaks. He bore a strange heavy inlaid dark brown mole on his left cheek that gave a very hairy and disfiguring appearance. I am very eager to participate in this quest , but the truth is that the item exists and we all know it , but it is gone from its rightful place here in Chronix Bay. Our only hope is to trace the origin of its final resting place before it is found. 
Wont we be interfering if we take it before it is found? asks Elizabeth. 
I fear not for the fates have spoken and we are facing the last moment where the attempts to fulfill our destiny will be possible. If we do not succeed, then our future will be forsaken. Marks voice crinkled slowly and almost mechanical as it ran down the table with his philosophical diatribe. 
Yes, um Broad speaks almost impetuously nervous, Mr. Cumberberry will be the most cherished member of our little entourage of course. We can always go to the Florida office if we have to for completion of the project , but for now we stay the course. Broad adds slowly choosing his words in a nervous fashion as he squinted at the mans hideous mole. 
Chapter 25
Broad Staffnight is afraid. He hid his fears well with his dynamic personality and quick-witted speaking ability , but he has a kindred hatred and sense of solidarity for himself and for his superiors. He knew what he wanted , but was blindsided at the meeting and torn between his own feelings of guilt and confusion with his desires, his lust and avarice for the success he yearned for, the prize of the ages. He struggled with this inner pain and how it is changing within him in his heartless rugged exterior. 
In the dark recesses of his imagination was spawned an optimal force that is dominant throughout the universe and concentrated in unspeakable horrors since the origins of time, hmmm. He pondered strange and fascinating things as he speaks to himself staring at the globe twirling it with his fingers in his private office, a three hundred square foot marvel symbolizing the wealth and ultra-conservatism of the vibrant man. 
A mystery in reality itself, and their existence is enigmatic and their powers ultimate his voice hoarse and eyes piercing darkness before him as the globe turns to where his index finger lay, the mid Atlantic Ocean down by Bermuda, The Devils Triangle.  It is difficult to accept because no matter what Time one is in, the concept remains sacrosanct as true. , but who are they and where do they come from? 
They came from another galaxy perhaps. A soft delicate voice speaks from behind him in a joking manner , but strangely confident tone. Mr. Staffnight, you have been interested in everything from spirit possession to extraterrestrial hyper galactic beings. What makes you so curious, Boss? She pushed up her suit jacket sleeves and crossed her arms, a petite young woman in her early twenties, highly educated and having experience with the business world since she was a child. 
Elizabeth, I just have so much on my mind lately.  He uttered to his young protg, Their reality he speaks harshly with a twinkle in his eye on the prize spot he continues to point to the model of the earth. Their reality is different, perceptions, thoughts, and vice versa.  When they are apparent to us we see them as two dimensional objects , but they see us as a curse on their realm and seek destruction. Humanitys end is the shadows realm and its purpose.  I will get them to see what I know to be true, that together we can be triumphant and obliterate those with no cause or purpose. Shocked she looks at him.  He sighed.  
She smiles.  Bravo and Wow that is deep sir. She dropped her hands to her side and her jaw wide open as if tired from applauding a miraculous performance of some divine comedy.  
It is as it has always been, good vs. evil, ying vs. yang, opposites, light vs. dark, , but if only as true one cannot exist without the other and they are subject to our own inner points of view says Broad.   
What will we seek to make this wish come true, Sir? asks Elizabeth.
It is what has been sought since the start of time, the project to obtain pure power dark matter and negative energy as one! Our true boss, it is like facing the ultimate enemy of humanity and yet its redemption says Broad turning.
God help us! exclaims Elizabeth. 
Indeed adds Broad with his arms crossed facing away from her.  
Chapter 26
Outside of Chronix Bay International Airport, James and Tina sits on a bench going through a bag of old clothes they received from the Salvation Army as donations. 
Good thing we dont really need too much proof that we are poor to qualify for donations, says Tina as she grabbed a multi-colored blouse from the bag and tossed the bag over to her partner in crime.  
James grabbed it while staring at the ground, his mind fixated on other things. I am still confused about what happened back there. 
Which part, our new lives as fugitives from justice or your strange new powers? 
Its like I felt some weird energy all of a sudden and then I was able to get us here without thinking from the alleyway where we ditched the motorbike to the airport, supposedly miles and miles apart. He ignores her slightly.  
Instant teleportation she smiles. It is actually quite unusual to develop mental abilities , but it has been done. Maybe we practice you could become good at it.
Really, you think I can make it happen again on purpose? James says.
Think now, focus your mind and concentrate on being in another place. Where is the nearest pizza joint? Tina laughs all of a sudden. 
Very funny says James. 
Im just teasing you James, you got a real gift. Dont run from it. Embrace it, Dude commented Tina.
Same thing happened when we were in the jail cells and I felt something come over me.  I wish I could say it is like nothing that I have ever felt before , but I have similar experiences as a kid many years ago.  Maybe I am crazy. James shakes his head.  
Or maybe youre gifted.  She nodded with a smile.  Not to mention quite cute, she says.  
They both laugh slightly sharing a casual smile. Thanks, what do you think of this?  He showed off a flannel work shirt he pulls out of the bag.  
Awesome. She replies. Lets get on line at the airport, unless you can think and get us teleported again. 
I wish I could he closed his eyes and concentrated, , but I guess I am all zapped out he laughed. I honestly dont understand how I did it. I just focused on the fear I felt riding on the back of that demon machine.
Well. Dont worry. Well use convention. She says. 
Tina and James have donned their new disguises to hide themselves from the law. James wore a black leather jacket with silver stars studded on it from their grab bag and dark sun glasses that he found in the side compartment of the bike that they stole. He tucked in his shirt and slicked his hair back to appear more vicious as he smiles. And Tina has worn a plaid shirt and denim jacket from the bag and also items from a local department store bag that she seized for her cosmetic disguising like a blonde wig, with her notorious sense of rapidness or the old five finger discount as she put it. She rolled up the sleeves to her elbows and topped off her appearance with the blonde wig and a pair of maroon shades sunglasses, to cover her face. The duo strode down Main Street together arms akimbo none the wiser that they were a wanted man and woman.
Chapter 27
Downtown Chronix Bay is quiet that night without a movement of any wind , but stillness begotten outside of the small shop of sorrows and happiness intertwined. The sign outside read Fortune Teller: extremely low prices, 100% accuracy readings. The lack of a proper college education is enough for even James to realize the grammatical inaccuracies. 
What do you think? Asks Tina as the duo stands silently in front of the shop. 
At least its a place to hide for now. Nothing else seems to be open, not even a Motel 6. 
Like we could afford it, she adds and they laugh silently at the poor attempt at humor and entered the shop. 
The interior of the shop is lit with an old world sense of charm and wonder of mystic mysteriousness as candelabra hung from the ceiling painting a vivid flashback to yesteryear. 
It is like travelling back in time, James thought as he looks around until he noticed the candles were replaced by electric fixtures , but still maintaining the ancient rustics of the old mixed with the new. Its completely different from the outside says James.  
Huh? Tina whispered in response followed by a belligerent and sudden yell. Help Tina yells at the top of her lungs all of a sudden. 
Silence whispered James, why so loud? 
Tina looks at him and shrugged in response, why not?
Then suddenly in the silence before he could answer, a confident and imperiled voice echoed down the corridors, Welcome to the World of Mystery!  They turns to look and found a slender woman, aged with time , but beautiful in captivity descending slowly from a long narrow staircase as if floating on a cloud of smoke, from a burnt out fog machine, surrounding her feet. She wore a gold colored shawl that spread with her arms and long rhinestone studded dress, her brown curly hair with threads of gray wavered on behind her and her smile adorned by the wrinkles on her checks covered slightly by various shades of Azul and lapis, fuchsia, and magenta in makeup and eye coloring , but still visible nevertheless. 
I am Ezelzaba, mistress of enchantment and powers beyond this world and fortune teller extraordinaire, , but for you I sense a greater need! Tina avers her eyes slightly and peers into James who stands before her reflecting her gaze in a stunning silence. 
Can we stay the night? Tina speaks looking in between both.  
We literally have no place to go, adds James. 
Ezelzaba dropped her arms and the mystery act as the fog machine died down and she casually descended. My normal rates for a reading are fifty dollars.  I dont take boarders , but you seem like non-threatening people and since my readings usually wipe people out, you can stay if you pay.  She speaks more relaxed and less mysterious. 
Uh James and Tina look at one another and Ezelzaba smirks as if reading their thoughts. 
You guys are up on hard times, huh? Ooh, before they could answer she moaned deeply as her eyes widened as she saw James up close walking to him. Oh I see, for you no cost. I see you will travel far together, farther than you ever thought possible and you will need your rest. You will both encounter great forces on your journey so take care of each other. A miracle of fate awaits you and you will come to see in one another a hidden purpose, a true destiny, are your combined paths. When the time comes, you will know all you will ever need to know. She looks directly at James with a sinister glare of her eyes beneath her colorful yet excessive red and blue eyelid make up. The world awaits you and time is your greatest ally , but also foe. Remember to follow your instincts. 
What does that mean? Tina asks annoyingly. 
You will find out. Also be good to each other and look out for one another. Always remember to look out for one another. Be there for each other. Always love and respect one another she adds. You two will be together for many times. 
Thanks. He nodded. , but just one question, why no cost? 
Tina struck his arm and gave him a sinister glare. 
I am just curious he adds as she looks away upset. 
Well, started Ezelzaba quite sheepishly, lets just say I recognized something on you that made me think were related. And lets leave it at that, James. 
James smirks at the obvious flaw and smiles looking at his dumbfounded companion and then retiring to a room Ezelzaba pointed to in the back. They turn and slightly exit into the back room. 
The next morning, James and Tina prepared to leave the shop having felt completely renewed and rejuvenated.  
Sleeping in an actual non-jail bed felt good for a change. Tina muttered. 
Yeah, I wonder what Ezelzaba meant by all that mumbo jumbo about love and traveling far? James asks. 
What a cryptic lady! Tina muttered. 
Yeah, , but what a drama queen she was. Your guess is as good as mine. James adds brushing off the mystery of her cryptic attitude for now. Anyway, ready to go buddy? 
Yep she nodded with a repetition that signified extreme eagerness. 
Thank you madam Ezelzaba, for everything, James whispered into the air as they departed out the door and into their uncertain and yet forsaken future. 
A mysterious figure remained lurking in the distance of their peripheral vision as sleek and as hidden as a silhouette in the shadows quietly observing them, his face robotic like and mechanical, motioned by jerk movements, and a black hat and suit his attire of choice.  
Chapter 28
Tina sits in a local coffee shop on the corner of Main Street with Ester Avenue across from the train station.  She talked herself into a free cup of coffee from a handsome bachelor who talked to her for a quick moment before heading off to an important business meeting. He left his card and number with her, Mark Taft, Esq. Attorney and Counselor at Law; she read it and sighed thinking no thanks.  She thought to herself that the last time I saw an attorney I was hauled off in shackles and tossed in the lock up. She tossed the card and sipped her caf latte awaiting her partner in crime hopefully who has gone across the street to the train station to try to get tickets with an antique ring that Tina stole from the second-hand store and which she cautioned him to lie and say it is handed down to them by their grandmother and which they did not want to part with , but felt they has no choice as it is their only way out of town and they needed to get out of town fast. She suspected that negotiations of such may fail and has a backup plan if negotiations failed and that is to find a way to use more desperate yet certain measures to get what they need. She thought they would have to do something drastic.
Tina looks around at her surroundings in the coffee shop what is a typical array of urbanites in their customary garbs from leisure wear sport shorts, other shorts, to full on Armani suits or the multicolored jackets of old world fabric flown in from impoverished areas. She sipped her coffee and then nearly choked on a gulp in her throat as her eyes nearly collapsed out in shock when she saw the man in the dark suit she remembered from the bar approaching her. This one from the biker bar, he is there. How did he get here? She wondered as he continues to approach in the crowded room unseen and unnoticed to the busy people in their own lives. He is tall, thin, snaking, and thirty feet away, He walks slowly in what appeared to be an endless distance to her as time seemed all to slow to her as her jaw dropped and she reached for the chair behind her and started to rise waiting to scream , but all that came out is a slight fearful whimper as she acted on her natural instinct to get away. He is familiar as if she has seen him before , but she felt a strange aura of something not quite right and felt the need to run. The chair moved against the hard wood floor making a screeching sound that startled her and she started to move and turn to it and then quickly turns back to find the man stands right in front of her in what is a breathless moment and calling devoted as she fumbled to catch her breath. She fell back. The man reached out to her , but someone else reached out to her from behind and grabbed her hand pulling her back. Come on! Says James in a matter of seconds and they were running out the door hand in hand. What is that? James asks outside. 
I wish I knew, Tina replies.  I think he found us  its him. The guy I told you about at the biker bar. 
Your father or the one who you say looks him? asks James. 
She nodded frantically in response. What the hell is going on here?  Why did he come after me? How did he find us? 
Good questions, , but we will find out the answers. Why were you running instead of facing him? James asks.
I just felt a gut instinct. I never knew my father , but heard some horrible things. Its a super long story, James. Lets get to the train station. Did you get the tickets? asks Tina. 
Yeah about that I couldnt get the tickets says James. 
What? I told youTina scolded , but stops herself as they looks round happily as not to draw too much attention to them. 
They wouldnt take the ring you gave me. Plus I saw some cops looking around and they have wanted posters with our photos on them and a photo of that security guard from the museum. Were wanted for murder. James sheepishly turns trying to hide his dumbfounded look. 
Did you say we are accused of murder of that security guard? Tina looks at her colleague in shock. 
Just says murder , but we can imagine.  This is absolutely crazy. Theyre trying to pin something big on us. James appeared bewildered. 
Well have to figure this out to clear our names. Any luck even scalping some tickets or thieving them? Tina inquired. 
No. James uttered skeptically.
Great do I have to do everything in this relationship? yells Tina. 
Hey I got us out of jail didnt I he stops short noticing her humor, since when did we become engaged? He joked. 
Yeah right, she smiles at the ground and implied laughingly. Dont worry bud; Ill get us a way out of town. I think I know just the place. Tina looks up and smiles as she pointed James towards the tall glistening towers near a roaring 747 engine flying overhead and both knew she meant, The Chronix Bay City Airport. Its only two miles away.
OK, lets hail a cab. He says.
Chapter 29
Moments later, they exit the cab they take right to the front of the airport.  Within moments of distracting the driver, Tina and James take off at the behest of the driver, an Indian national with a turban who gets out and yells obscenities at them in Punjabi while shaking his fist angrily in midair. Get back here, you thieves. Damn you. 
Tina and James stops running behind a stone pillar near the terminal entranceway to catch their breath. 
Ooh close call. James whispered exhaustedly. 
You never beat fare before, homey? asks Tina bending over breathing heavily. 
James merely shakes his head. 
Oh right, Im dealing with an amateur. She nodded smiling at him. 
Look, James pointed to a live ninety-inch plasma television set in the window of the airport showing the local news broadcast to passengers. The due looks in together and observed. 
Top of the hour afternoon news in Chronix Bay, Channel Nine, Anchor Sylvia Armstrong reporting, we bring you live coverage from downtown Chronix Bay where a demonstration just broke out near the Chronix Bay City Airport.  Thousands of angry protesters march down Main Street singing we shall overcome as they hold banners and picket signs in stern protest against the Mayors new policy against the immigrant community in Chronix Bay. One of them is quoting segments into the crowd from the famous Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. I have a dream speech. The well dressed and radiant anchor speaks out in front of the terminal building as a barrage of spectators witnessed the movement unfold before them.  This is one for the history books as never in our small citys history has there been such a large scale demonstration. And this is the second demonstration this week in the city, the first a couple of days ago about the great depression-like-economy faced by law school graduates. Local police, federal agencies, and private security forces have been dispatched in case this escalates into a violent riot , but for now it seems these movements are peaceful marches spawning massive discourse in academic and business circles. We have community leader, PhD recipient, and well-known activist at only the age of twenty-two, Dr. Yolanda Veracruz here. Doctor, tell us about this movement. 
 Yes, we have been silent for far too long and now we are being threatened by corruption and inner workings that threaten our way of life.  We are not illegal and we are not items of objectification.  The Mayors policies are against the fabric of our moral society, our humanity, and our nations constitutional principles.  We will not submit and will resist to the end.  Let us bring power to our people! She yells into the camera, a fiery dark haired vixen with a glare in her dark brown eyes and mocha colored complexion, and lectured with an indignation recognizing her deep rooted Central American heritage and pride in the principles of diversity and freedom embodied by the United States of America. There you have it, yells Anchor Armstrong.  The spark has been set and the fire for equality and freedom for our growing immigrant population continues to rage on and may do so for generations to come. It will continue for all of time as a symbol of freedom and technological innovation in the hearts of the people."
Wow, thats a serious problem says Tina. 
You dont know the half of it. Lets get a move on says James. 
Chapter 30
Broad Staffnight and his entourage arrived as their limousine descended out of the dark tunnel from their metropolitan centers to the downtown Chronix Bay City Airport area and they were shocked at the series of figures occupying the city streets and storming out into the skyward futures they envisioned. They quickly realize they would not make it to the terminal in time.  They exit the car and headed towards the mid-air shuttle tram waiting to transport passengers to their scheduled flights. 
We cant miss the flight.  We are running out of time as this will be the last time we can do this. He walks proudly in his three piece Armani suit and ray ban sunglasses followed by his secretary Elizabeth Peters, Chief of Police Brent Hightower, and CFO Mr. Mark Cumberberry, the team of four he put together at the last directors meeting of Temporo, Inc.
Dont worry, Sir. Our private jet is ready and fueled on the runway. I just spoke to the tower operator and we have full clearance to launch at any time. Elizabeth Peters uttered her words with confidence.  
The team of four entered the tram and Broad touched the on screen monitor activating the go computer and the tram is off into the air above the city strung on electrical wires and steel cables. 
Are you sure we are going to make it in time, Liz? asks Broad nervously. 
We shall, Sir. She smiles as each of them stands in their position. 
Broad regained his sense of confidence and clasped his arms behind his back and spread legs astride facing forward with his chin up. Within seconds, the tram turns onto a secondary set of cables higher up than the other cables and the tram headed straight for a brick wall on the side of the terminal building separating it from the cables.  To the sudden shock of the team except for Broad, the tram pass through the brick wall as if it were a liquid surface and the wall erupted with ripples and waves like having a stone tossed into a pond, subsequently fading to the apparent solid surface again. 
Chapter 31
A homeless man walks by the main entrance to the airport terminal with a battered coat and full beard, covered with dirt and filth, smelling of a foul body odor.  He wore a sign around his neck that quoted the popular bible verse John 3:16 that read underneath it the end of time approaches. Having trouble ignoring the chanting from the protesters outside, , but managing their way through the crowd starting to block the entrance, James and Tina ran into the terminal building passing the poor man and feeling empathetic as they understands his plight , but has bigger things to handle now.  
I wish we could help him somehow. James whispered. 
We got to help ourselves. I can get us aboard a flight. We got to sneak aboard from someone on the standby list. Tina commented.
Where are we headed? James asks. 
Does it matter as long as its away from here? Were wanted folks so outside of the country should be ideal. Tina observed from her common sense. 
Thats true replies James.
I will be right back, wait here. Tina whispered and ran off. 
Right, be right back. I will wait here echoed James calmly and coolly. James sits on the ground by the caf where he waited patiently for Tina to return.  He is grateful that they made it past the security screening without incident. He thought to himself. Its a miracle we werent recognized. Then he saw a man in a black suit and sunglasses come out of the elevator in the airport lobby. He recognized him as the man Tina has pointed out in the bar and who she then saw in the coffee shop.  He felt like following his gut instinct to run , but he sits and waited for a moment, sucking his teeth trying to act tough. He kept an eye on the man who walks along the corridor to the airport gates as if waiting for someone and stops at a sudden spot. The man did not even take a seat , but stands there motionless like an object with no sudden jerks or movements. Tina walks over to James and plopped down beside him. James nudged her elbow slightly with his before she could open her mouth and motioned her in the direction of the gates and she looks over at the man standing there and froze. 
Oh my God, what does he want with us? Tina speaks with her eyes widening. 
I dont think its us he wants. James answered. 
Tina looks at him puzzled. Im scared. 
Dont worry, Ill protect you James smiles. 
My hero she whispered in a sarcastic tone. 
They both calmed down quickly as the man in the black suit walks away towards a nearby gate and take a seat, opening a newspaper that rested on the seat nearby. Phew, that was close gasped Tina. 
Did you get us on a flight? James inquired. 
Yes, Flight 842 to Brazil you know the one in South America? asks Tina rhetorically. 
I know. How did you manage that? And why did you get us to Brazil? James asks. 
Easy anything is possible if you know how to talk to people. Were going to be subbing in for a couple on standbys that are supposedly eagerly waiting over by gate 11 , but the flight is actually over there at gate 8. I switched documents on them after a quick distraction. 
Youre such a criminal. He joked. 
Desperate times call for desperate measures buddy. She shrugged. Also, Brazil is the furthest country on the current manifest. I figured its best we get as far away as possible.  , but we should know that Brazil has an extradition treaty with the United States of America for fugitives facing murder charges here. 
Howd you know that? He asks. Wait, never mind Great so we cant get caught there either. James speaks fearfully. 
Its only temporary, Dude. We will find someplace else to go later? It is one step at a time. Tina adds confidently. 
 When did you become a legal scholar, Tina? 
I was a student at Chronix Bay University and take some law courses for elective credit before I dropped out. I always wanted to go to law school , but it wasnt in the cards. 
And you sell yourself on the street for a living? asks James.  
Well, I never graduated life happens I guess. She replies. I guess I should count my blessings after hearing about how all those kids are having trouble finding jobs even with a law degree. 
Oh James acknowledged. Why do you think we became what we became, Tina?  James asks curiously as they waited for the flight to be called and looking at their tattered clothing, disheveled exterior, dirty faces, and drained personalities.  
I guess it is because we do not have a place to call home, no place to go, no place to sleep, no vehicle, low income or no income, no strong family support, friends, or even a regular meal.  That seems to fit the adequate definition of homeless and destitute says Tina nonchalantly. Im used to living on the streets as I spent most of my adult life walking around the streets of this God forsaken town and seeing the same stuff over and over again, looking for food in trash cans and dumpsters, or just struggling to find a place to put my head down for the night, usually a cardboard box.  
I know. Ive been there.  I envied those who lived in rat infested housing because at least they have a roof over their heads replies James jokingly.   
It sucks living like this , but we are so at the bottom.  You develop a sense of low self-esteem and worthlessness tied to emotional abuse from others and society in general , but that goes with the territory of being flat broke all your life.  I remember sitting on the street corner rocking myself to sleep in tears.  Some people takes pity on me and gave me the occasional handout , but some were pretty cruel with their nasty remarks says Tina. 
The good thing about being at the bottom is that you cannot sink any lower and you have nowhere to go , but up.  James adds. 
That is what I thought at first , but I realize that you could always sink lower.  I met a guy when I was twenty-two who seemed like a real good person.  He did volunteer work for the Salvation Army and I met him at an event where I was expecting to get free food like many other homeless people.  We started talking, he says I was pretty, and we started to go out regularly. What can I say, I was a hopeless romantic having spent my whole life with low self esteem, and I went with the first guy who expressed interest in me. He let me stay with him for a little while and says he would help me get my own place and a job.  , but I was unwillingly becoming a glorified prostitute. 
Like your day job James joked. 
How do you think I got started? She says. And that he has many others he was doing this to as well? I soon started to see him for who he really was, a real jerk who convinced me to give up my innocence and hurt my feelings for his own selfish purposes. 
Im sorry, James says.
Im not, she shakes her head brushing off the bad memories as she continues he drank a lot, abused drugs, and gambled, not successfully, so he came home angry and takes it out on me with his fists and at first I thought it was my fault and so I takes it without complaining , but I couldnt take it too long and one day I has enough and ran out. His mother was sweet old lady who I met and who helped me dearly so we still look out for one another from time to time. However, about him, I found out from others on the street that he was still volunteering with the homeless shelters and was still with other women and was likely preying on their helplessness like he did to me.  I cant believe I almost married the ass.  I hope to God that our paths never cross again. And that after being sexually abused at home by the man my mother married and shipped me off to the orphanage when she passed. No wonder I developed sort of low self-esteem and hid myself in books. The library became a solace place for me to hide from the discipline of the teachers and nuns who punished me for acting out. I just enjoyed losing myself in books and learning as an adventure, like travelling to other worlds. That is how I know so much now , but it didnt prevent me from ending up in the lifestyle I chose. The company I kept was responsible for that , but ultimately I know the choice was mine. Is it my fate? Maybe , but it all comes down to choices in the end. 
You are very intellectual. I love your abilities and curiosities. How young were you when you first realize your mind could absorb information so quickly? 
I was about eleven and I would go to the library to read everything I could get my hands on, fiction, non-fiction, languages, and travel books, even read the dictionary, thesaurus, and encyclopedia one summer. She smiles proud of the childhood effort. 
And you dropped out of college? asks James. 
I have no choice. I was doing great. "A" grades all the way and my professors say I was gifted and could get a scholarship , but I needed money and working the streets is the quick way. I needed to eat and I already told you about my pimp and I thought I loved the bastard.
Right, so what happened? How did you leave that world and the orphanage school teachers? James asks curiously.
 Life happened. Anyway, new worlds in books were my escape , but Dr. Arnold Schiester is my hero. Tina says. 
Who is that? James asks.
The man who became my mentor, surrogate father, and big brother all boiled into one. She smiles. He taught me about life, about helping people, making a difference, and learning, the thrill of climbing mountains in your mind to new peaks of greatness and perfection. He is the one who first says to me knowledge is power.
My dad says the same thing. James adds. 
Dr. Schiester saw potential in me and became the father I never has who rescued me from a life that I thought I couldnt escape from except in books. I thought I was invincible when I was with him. It was awesome how he made me feel and he was older , but it was great how we would spend time together just being, drinking, smoking, listening to music, and learning multiple languages together like Spanish, French, Portuguese, Greek, Latin, and certain early African dialects, exploring the origins of humanity while having natural fun. Good times!
Did you ever  you know, with him? James asks. 
This man was like my father. That would not have been appropriate, , but there was one night where we forgot everything and gave into our passions. Tina uttered briefly.  
I see! James smirks. You never obtained your full potential due to your problems and involvement with toxic people.
Anyway, he turned out to be much worse. It was sort of like jumping out of the frying pan and into the fire for me. He became a different person and an abuser when we moved in together and he almost killed me as well. I ran away in the middle of the night during one of his spats, I did it to save my life. Tina says. I dated a few guys after that, including this British fellow , but none of them seemed right. I couldnt connect with anyone emotionally after what happened to me. Thats why I am so cynical sometimes. I dont trust people easily now.
Sounds rough, James adds. Do you trust me, Tina? 
I dont trust anyone , but myself. , but honestly, you and I are not that different, James. Maybe there is a reason of fate our paths crossed again after so long after high school. I do want to trust you , but I dont know why. When you were going to leave me in that cell to rot alone, I felt as if a piece of me was dying. I needed to go with you, to be with you there. I cant explain it. 
When destiny calls, Tina adds James. 
Huh questioned Tina.  
My dad always speaks to me about destiny and finding your own way, a purpose in life. James speaks philosophically for the moment. Everything happens for a reason, Tina says James. 
I never knew what it was like to be in a real loving family because everyone I got close to screws me over. So I learned to look after only one person in life myself. Tina lectured. 
 I have learned the definition of family truly is that you look out for one another above all else. James adds.  
I think thats ridiculous rhetoric. I have lost every family I have ever has. I do not know that definition. Tina frowns. 
Thats sad. I pray you find that. Family is the most important thing. James frowns. I want that for you. You deserve a real family.
I dont know if that is possible for me says Tina frowning with an insidious glare.
Chapter 32
Broad Staffnight and his entourage walk towards the gate after their own private security clearance. 
Sometimes its good to be the head of a Fortune 500 company and have access to all the political advantages and privileges that come with it. He wondered to himself. They walk forward to the gates when suddenly there was a slight beeping sound from Chief Hightowers pocket. He takes out his cellular phone, a specially-designed communications array hooked up to Temporo, Inc.s computer networks and camera systems throughout town including the airports. The device resembled a small round metal orb. He read the contents of the display screen. 
Sir, we are picking up the DNA signatures of two of the escapees from Sector 11. Chief Hightower speaks looking at the device in his palm. Its James Timewalker and Tina Prescott.  They are approximately five to six meters eastbound. 
Isnt technology wonderful? asks Broad rhetorically. Call central and have them picked up immediately!!! Broad ordered. 
Central dispatch, we need sector cars ASAP for wanted fugitives James Timewalker and Tina Prescott says the Chief of Police into his radio. 
Within moments, sirens were hears in the distance and lights blazed on top of the squad cars of the Chronix Bay Police Department.  The demonstrators scattered fearing the worst and the cars pulls up in front of the terminal entrance on Main Street.  Several armed officers exit their vehicles and a large van that contained a squadron of officers in full riot gear.  
Men, we are expecting full resistance from two escaped fugitives who are wanted for murder.  We are instructed to apprehend and shoot to kill if necessary.  I repeat, shoot to kill if necessary yells Lieutenant Brock Walton, the fair haired policeman in his youthful years with a cheap suit and a glare of fire in his belly as he led his team guns drawn to the battlefield of the airport lobby like predators ready to attend to their prey.  
James and Tina saw the squadron enter and in a panic ran towards the gate they were destined for. They saw Broad and his entourage who pointed them out prior to entering the gate to the plane and in turn the duo ran the other way chased by over a dozen armed officers. They ran into a corridor near the gate and were stops by the man in the dark suit that they saw several times. He is riding in a security vehicle like a golf cart.  
Enter the vehicle. The man uttered in an almost mechanical manner as several shots headed in their direction striking the small security golf-cart-like vehicles and walls around them barely missing them. So they obeyed his words frightened , but sure that his way is better than the alternative they faced and without hesitation or question they ran into the vehicle with him and rode into the gate towards the plane and in the blink of an eye the man grabbed them both by the shirt and vanished in a whirl of bluish light as the cart piloted itself into a wall. By the time the officers led by Lieutenant Brock Walton arrived they were shocked to see no one is there and Lieutenant Walton looks out the window to see the plane is being taxied on the runway and then taking off towards Brazil. 
Damn, how did that happen? He wondered to himself as they stand by powerless. 
Chapter 33
On the plane, James and Tina sit next to one another on their supposed assigned seats and smile to one another. 
We are on our way to new good times and grand adventures my friend. Tina uttered. 
I hope you are right as I have a bad feeling we are about to encounter the unthinkable. James responds as the plane flew through the air from Chronix Bay to the far away land of Brazil. Tina takes off her wig. She notices the man in the dark suit seated next to them. 
Are you who I think you are? Tina speaks slowly and frightened. 
I was Michael Prescott many years ago. His voice is mechanical and sharp. I am now number five hundred thousand and fifty-five. 
I was told my father disappeared thirty-five years ago. I never knew him because I was only a baby. I saw photographs only and heard stories that he worked for some covert agency as some type of analyst. 
That is true. He is your father and has been assigned high priority clearance to the Genesis Missions. He is closely affiliated to a group of men in power, a secret society of warrior-prophet-billionaire-tycoon-politicians and entrepreneurs with a society as old as civilization and a mission as old as time, bent on complete domination and control of everything. He turns his head and James and Tina notice a small flesh wound in his ear slowly healing itself. 
You got shot? asks Tina rhetorically.  
A minor wound. I will not be harmed. My regenerative capabilities continue. The natural order of things has been adjusted by mind control and technological implants providing superhuman mental and physical abilities so that is why your father is not here , but only his likeness. Everything about him is replaced with the advancements handed down throughout the centuries in complete secret of the world outside. Number Five Hundred Thousand and Fifty Five speaks calmly. 
What is this society? asks James. 
They are a devious cabal that sought to control all from behind the scenes for centuries even before the founding of this country. They evolve with time and technology. There are those amongst them who believe and that have made contact with alien beasts, true danger experiments. They are known as the Machination or 12VMX. 
Thats amazing says James. 
And what could they possibly want with a couple of nobodies like us? asks Tina. 
They sense specialness in both of you. They are constructing a weapon to be unleashed in the skies above, a new prototype bomb beyond any known nuclear, fission, or apocalyptic capabilities. 
You mean like end of world stuff? Tina asks frightened. 
It is known as project Prometheus. It is a cold fusion reactor capable of generating an explosion so powerful it will be one million times as strong as the atomic bomb. Number Five Hundred Thousand and Fifty Five speaks roughly. 
Dear God, why would they want to do this? asks James. 
They ultimately desire control of all time. 
And why are you helping us with this? asks James. 
I am no longer amongst them. It is a complicated  story he held his ear and sensed himself begin to fade. No one will remember my presence when I am gone. He looks at them with darkness in his eyes. It is for the best. They are the ones who set you two up. Clear your names and look out for one another. Always remember. 
What? Tina and James uttered simultaneously and rhetorically. 
Remember my words and this your destinies are one in the same throughout time and knowledge is power. With that Number Five Hundred Thousand and Fifty Five then vanishes into thin air. 
James and Tina sit in their seats like the rest of the passengers onboard the craft and hold tight to their armrests thinking of greater things to come in the future. 
Tina, do you remember how we got on board? whispered James. 
She looks at him with a suddenly blank stare, smiles, and shrugged her shoulders. 
They stared forward for the rest of the trip trying to figure it out as they did not even remember what they were running from. The 747 jet plane soared through the dawning skies. 
Chapter 34
When James and Tina landed in Brazil, they were surrounded by the loud music of native lore and the passing through of vendors with their livestock and various items for sale, the smoke of the natural humidity covering the air, and the colorful array of dcor and clothing reflecting in the bright sun light of the open atrium.  There were people scattering about speaking Portuguese. They walks off the plane, having slept most of the way, and into the atrium heading straight for the door before they could be spotted. 
Good thing we dont have no baggage claim, Tina uttered. 
Lets just move on out before were seen by anyone. 
Relax James, we are in another country. Can you believe it? Tina smiles jovially without expecting an answer. When I was a kid growing up upstate, I never thought I would ever leave the county, let alone the country. I was quite relieved when I went to Chronix Bay. 
I for one never left Chronix Bay, period. James replies.  
They exit the terminal and headed for a series of cars parked nearby with stickers and cab service labels. One has a young native with thick hair smoking a cigarette while reading a paper and leaning up against the hood of the car. Sorry, no service, he scolded them in his thick accent recognizing them as Americans. The duo continues on and saw Broad Staffnight and his entourage inside of the terminal. 
James, nudged Tina, isnt that the party from the terminal that pointed us out to the cops? 
Yeah, and now theyre here, which cant be a coincidence. James says.
They are after us. Lets get as far from here as possible. Tina smirks. They entered the back of a blue cab that is sitting with the engine running. 
We need to get away from here, now. James yells. 
Where to? asks the confused driver. 
Anywhere both of them yells. 
Tourists? the driver uttered as he shakes his head as he has asks them to which way they wanted to go and both nodded frantically and yells. 
Lets go, says Tina. 
And lets go repeated James. 
OK, tourists. The driver replies annoyed as he pulls off and takes them away leaving screech marks on the ground. 
	The blue car pulls up to the outskirts of a tropical dry forest region. James and Tina could see large stone monuments and ancient temple ruins in the backdrop of the jungle and mountainous regions in the distance emitting smoke and fog covered by the glistening intense heat and sunlight. The driver explained in Portuguese that he could not continue. 
This is a tourist area , but I will not go over there yells the man angrily in Portuguese.
What did he say? asks James. 
Hes afraid to go there. Tina explained. 
Can you take us to a town or something? asks James. 
Tina speaks loudly in Portuguese translating to the angry looking cab driver. 
No go farther the driver yells in English after sputtering various curse words in Portuguese as he sits about impatiently and put out his hand expecting payment. The duo exit the car nodding to one another and takes off running into the woods leaving the angry driver cursing under his breath in Portuguese good thing this wood is cursed. 
Chapter 35
The duo trekked through the jungle uncertain of their surroundings and scared of their misfortunes if they suffer a fall or other disaster. They wandered through the bushes of leaves and muck underneath their feet and the hanging vines and branches coming down that seemed like endless threads to navigate through. 
I never thought the jungle would be so disgusting. James commented frowning.
Mother nature is a pain. Tina joked laughingly. 
Remind me to laugh later. James adds sarcastically. Then suddenly the bushels of leaves and vines before them rustled to their shock and out popped a hairy figure and then multiple hairy figures in a clearing surrounding them. 
What are they? Tina screams looking at the figures which has snouts like wolves, hair all over their bodies, long tails, and paws like monkeys. They were nude, has long shaggy hair all over their bodies wet from the perspiration of the jungle climate, and walks upright like men dancing in a hunched over position as if stumbling to maintain their equilibrium. They circled around the duo as both seemingly worried and got closer in a frightened embrace. What are these things? Tina uttered. 
Beats me says James. I think this is goodbye. He whispered as the razor sharp claws of the head of the pack slashed within an inch of James face.  
Use your powers. Tina yells. 
I cant James speaks paralyzed with fear as he waved his hand to the head of the pack , but nothing happened. The head of the pack growled ferociously as he revealed his fangs and drooling interior mouth.  The others bellowed in a similar manner in support as they began to close in on the duo. Then suddenly without delay, they hear a swishing noise coming from above through the trees and a singular figure emerged swinging in a couple of times and striking the head of the pack in the back of the neck and he dropped to the floor to the dismay of his followers.  
What the? James and Tina uttered bewildered.  
The figure swung back and landed on the soft grass before them. It is a young blonde-haired woman with bright eyes and a fierce determination in her grit.  She wore animal skins and furs that made her seem to blend amongst the wolf-monkeys and she held a long wooden staff that seemed to be a natural extension of her long legs and tall form with amazing fitness, physique and prowess. 
Wow, she is amazing shouted Tina.  
The woman without hesitation turns and performed a serious of roundhouse kicks and jumping assaults spinning through the air with her staff and maneuvering wildly as she seemed to control the air about her and her staff to land on the ground and pogo up each time and attack the followers of the pack until they were all knocked down. The duo has ducked down in fear as they tried to fight , but were outmatched.  James has outstretched his hand and with the power of his thoughts, a dead branch on the ground lifted up and hurled itself upwards towards one of the pack who is about to pounce on the female warrior from behind and it knocked him out and down to the ground hard.  The female warrior acknowledged this strange gesture with a nod and continues on with her assault. When the last of the pack fell, the female warrior stands before them landing on her feet, her legs astride and staff about her. The pack slowly rose and began to run into the woods one after another. 
Oh my God Tina screams. 
Who are you? asks James curiously. 
I am Alexa of the tribe Awondel! You come to hunt? She speaks in a primitive and broken English manner.  
I guess we are. James nodded. I am James. This is Tina. 
Come with me. Be safer. She led them out into a path in the woods that is apparently untouched by the pack because the trees appeared to be covered in foul smelling plants. The duo clinched their noses as they followed Alexa through the jungle who has obviously already having grown accustomed to the smell, and exhibiting to one another not so fond memories and recollections of the tunnels in the jail they were captive in previously. 
Is our life always going to be on a path of stench? James joked and Tina smirks not as amused as their trek through the jungle commenced.
James and Tina felt that they were being escorted like lambs to the slaughter.  They were grateful that their savior is so helpful , but they seemed to doubt their benefactor in some way as if she is hiding something. She says very little during their trek through the forest as if not having much to say or the ability to say it well enough for them so she responds to their inquiries with one word answers, Yes, No, and Wait. When they ask what those wolf monkey creatures were, she merely responds with a word, Beasts. 
Are they from here? James Asks. 
Yes! Alexa responds and accelerated her walk forcing them to run to catch up. 
Are you familiar with any legends regarding what we saw so far? asks James. 
There are only too many. One of the most prominent is an ancient legend telling of the tep zepi or the first time. This is supposedly a time when sky gods, sky watchers, or beasts came to man to provide everything from laws to fire and knowledge. They transformed the land to water and flew through the air in flying boats. Tina speaks quickly as the duo tried to catch up with their new friend. 
Alexa walks quickly while speaking slowly. Hurry, the beast men will return.
Unreal they are like spirits or invisible aliens James uttered. 
They were supposed to be like protectors to guide people to their ultimate fates , but little is known about them says Tina. She and James continue into the forest led by their strong ad silent guide, Alexa. 
Within moments, they arrived at a series of bushes.  Alexa turns to the duo and nodded with a stern look as if cautioning them and then looking around to make sure they were alone.  Without a word, she used her hands to part the bushes and a metallic door is revealed. The door seemed like nothing they have ever seen, a metal of strange lucre, showing apparent signs of age like dust and mold growing on it , but no rust and no tear. There is a small insert in the center of the door for some type of object. Also, there is a strange gilded like design of a double curved line with a loop in the center and two on the bottom so it looks to James like five orbs hovering before him.  
What could that mean? James wondered thinking the primordial woman before them couldnt have made it like that. 
Alexa removed a small silver metallic cylindrical object from her exterior garter belt.  James saw it has the same gilded like marking of the five orbs etched on it.  She inserted the object into the insert on the door and stepped back.  Within nanoseconds, the key moved through the door and disappeared to the other side as the door slid open revealing an inner sanctum, an encampment where others were walking and sitting.  Alexa led her two new companions into the room and the door slid shut behind them.  Alexa pardoned her way back to the door and removed the key she previously inserted that is now resting on a similar insert on the other side of the door. 
Come Alexa beckons to James and Tina. She led them through the encampment.  James and Tina looks up in awe at what appeared to be a never ending ceiling that seemed to veer up into the heavens, well lit, a dome shape at the very top, and plants of all varieties growing in the dome, animals of various species local and foreign to this land walking about as if in their natural habitat.  There were straw huts in no particular formation surrounding the encampment and objects of normal kitchen use, clay pots, plates, and goblets scattered about.  The people were thin and frail, brown and tan skinned, unlike Alexa, and some were taller than others and they wore skins like Alexa. They smiles as they saw the strangers in their home , but some kept their distance.  Seeing fear in their eyes, James kept his eyes forward as he and Tina followed Alexa.  She led them to a small hut which seemed bigger than the others at what appeared to be the end of the dome. James and Tina looks back in shock at a great deal more that is uncovered by these simple villagers and they wondered who or what could have created and occupied this place before these people moved in.  James and Tina entered the larger hut and walks to the back several yards into it passing benches and artifacts lined up along the sides.  James stands in awe at the symbols he never saw before. Tina is amazed. 
Wow, check out the images from history! Tina exclaims in pure joy. 
You know this stuff? asks James. 
Are you kidding? I studied many symbolical arts in college the little college I did get. 
Thats more than what I got. James shrugged. , but I recognize that one. James pointed to the five orbs symbol they saw on the door and key to this place. 
Its the symbol for union. Tina explained. I also see Greek, Roman, Far Eastern she continues. 
Great, James interrupted beckoning to their host who appeared to be impatient from their abrupt stop. 
Come, Alexa says. They followed her without another word and were led to an elderly man sitting down with his legs crossed at the far end of the hut. Light Latin style music played in the distance by wooden string instruments and animal skin drums. The melody is rhythmic in the large dome that appeared to enhance the acoustic vibrations and spread it throughout the tent. 
It sounds like a rhapsody commented Tina. 
The man wore a small headdress made of animal skull and a long well-adorned robe with feathers, jewels, metals, and other artifacts found in nature.  He appeared to be the leader, well respected, and reviled. He has a long white beard and long white straggly hair over his dark tan face and deep brown eyes that were shut. Alexa kneeled down before him and then sits cross legged as he did.  She beckons to the duo to do the same and they slowly did.  The mans eyes opened.  He speaks in a language that they did not understand.  It is darker, colder, and mysterious. Alexa nodded as he speaks looking at James and Tina directly. 
You are here from a great distance. Alexa speaks slowly translating for the man. 
Yes, how did you know? Tina asks gently perplexed furrowing her brow. 
You are out of place. Alexa speaks softly with no trace of any accent of any kind. 
That is obvious says James. Do you know what he is saying, Tina?  You are the educated one. 
I dont really know. It sounds like it might be Portuguese or Spanish or a combination and some words I cannot tell.  I am fluent in both a little bit, , but there are some deviations in what he is saying. I also studied Latin a little bit , but forgot most of it. James, I dont know. 
The man continues to speak his voice and tone charismatic and deep, crinkly and monotone, as if many were speaking through him. 
We meditate to become one with the Gods. Alexa says continuing to translate.  
What language is that? Tina asks. 
It is the language of the Gods, from long ago, the Creators. 
They built this place? Tina asks.  
Alexa nodded slowly with a look of sincerity. 
The Pregivers of our lineage who granted the gifts to man are those we worship. The man speaks more angrily and began to shout in the language of the Gods as Alexa translated diligently into English for the duo. Then in an agitated moment she beckons to James and Tina. We must go. Alexa warned. 
What did he say? asks Tina. 
There is something I must show you. They rose and walk out. 
So where are you from? Tina says making small talk. Its just that you dont seem to be from around here, for the most part.
             I am born in a distant land. The Awondel found me when I am of age thirteen years. 
That explains why you are not like the others here. James adds. 
They never treated me like anything other than one of their own. They are my people. They are my family. 
Who are the Awondel? asks Tina. 
They are the lost tribe of the Pregivers, the left behind children of the Gods and guardians of their greatest treasure. Alexa speaks with reverence and sophistication. 
What is that? Tina asks. 
 Alexa remained silent and led them into a crevice that led to the exterior of the dome, which they soon found out is a cave. 
And the old man? asks Tina. 
He must be left alone to meditate come says Alexa. 
James and Tina were surprised to see that this structure is partially submerged in a cave and the tribe could access it.  Alexa picked up and lit a torch with a lighter. 
Where did you get that? asks James. 
We got from traders in the nearby market village as I represent the tribe in gathering supplies and goods as well as many things. Alexa replies. 
Whats this? Tina asks with wonder in her eyes and curiosity in her heart as Alexas torch illuminated the cave walls and there were a series of pictorial diagrams, arches, figures, and symbols painted on them. 
The story we tell. It is forbidden for outsiders to know , but you are different. Our Chief wants you to know. 
Why? asks James. 
He sees you as one who can help us, as one who  is the one we wait for. 
James, check this out. Tina says. These are cave drawings, ancient cave drawings. I studied cryptography and ancient studies, a little bit, specifically interpretation. This looks like a very old form of writing, maybe something before cuneiform, which people believe is the oldest known form of writing. 
Wow, youre amazing, Tina says James. What does it say? 
Well, I dont know exactly as I never finished my studies remember?  And also this, like the spoken dialect of the tribe, seems to be deviated so much , but I think I can take a crack at and guesstimate at the verbal translation of the writing anyway, hmm. 
Well asks James. 
No clue says Tina. She saw the disappointment on James face and laughed. Just kidding, I couldnt resist teasing you. 
Thats cute. James smirks. 
OK, I think its a story. It roughly says that There once is a group of beings, sky wanderers, from a distant star who travelled far and brought gifts of great power. They could vanish without a trace, bring fire and matter from nothing, raise the dead, and communicate with spirits. 
Like aliens, ET or Ghostbusters type stuff? asks James. 
That is a good guesstimate replies Alexa. The ancestors tell of the Pregivers who came from heaven to save us stated Alexa. 
Wow gasped James. 
Indeed replies Tina. She pointed to the diagram on the wall. There were detailed drawings and images of figurines descending to a ball of water, bursts coming from them, and lines depicting energy waves in various directions. They were searching for  something the key to immortality I think.  It says times door. 
Times door? asks James.
I am trying hard, James says Tina. 
Sorry, go on says James.  
Uh, there is an experiment of some kind and then a  war maybe or struggle as a dark  individual tried to take it, the source of the experiment, a dark foe who is once an ally, there is say of a great fall and destruction  says Tina breaking up in her words. 
What kind of fall? James asks. 
I dont know , but there have been many fallen empires and lands of ancient cultures in our history and myth, like the lost continent of Atlantis for one says Tina. 
You are making a very good guesstimate says Alexa. 
Thanks says Tina. 
The tribal story has been passed down from generation to generation for countless times and we have always maintained its secrets. Alexa adds. The relics of the past were in a remote land a large island of great size and strength. 
A continent? asks Tina. 
Con-tin-ent says Alexa sounding out the word. There is a great ground quake, wind storms, and light flashes and everything crumbled to dust. Only a few survivors left in boat.  The relic is vanished some believe causing its greater empire that preceded the old worlds to vanish. This story is passed down from generation to generation, the legend of the drowning con-tin-ent. 
Thats the legend of the lost continent of Atlantis, James says Tina. No one knows what really happened to it.
The relics journeyed across cultures to rest in cave here continues Alexa. This ancient legend is real and focused on the Pregivers and their treasure they sought to protect and perfect above all costs to ensure the continuance of their great power society. The item is a key for one who has knowledge within of the greatness of their treasure and who can unleash it. We have held it for generations until that day.  Our Chief saw you and believes wholeheartedly that you are the one. Alexa looks at James. 
Why me? asks James. 
Yeah, why him, no offense James, Tina whispered. 
None takes buddy says James. Though that fortune teller Ezelzaba implied I was special and that Native American woman I saw in the street.
What woman? Tina asks. 
I will show you something very important now says Alexa. Come with me. 
Alexa takes them back to the large hut to face the Chief again. James and Tina thought about the story of the tribe written on the walls and wondered how many generations ago were they drawn and how this tribe has sacrificed so much, being here isolated from the rest of the world never progressing. And , but for Alexa being the liaison to the local markets they would have no contact to the outside world whatsoever. They wondered what could make a people so devoted to await one who may never come and how the story of the great fall or destruction depicted on the walls is something that really happened. 
Could it be myth, reality, history, destiny, or all of the above? Tina wondered to herself. 
The Chief speaks in his native tongue, as they knelt before him and Alexa translated. He shows you the relic of the Pregivers, the artifact of great treasure and immense power they kept here for generations upon generations. She speaks as the Chief uncovered an item in front of him covered in cloth. He removed the cloth revealing a five inches long object, tubular with a small pentagonal shaped item connecting to it and surrounded by clay molded into its shape hardened over a very long time. The article has strings of colorful cloth straggled around it. It is unlike anything Tina or James has ever seen and is the obvious work of some group far more advanced than the tribe, as strange markings seemed to be layered onto the tube or engraved with some machinery. The clay surroundings and straggling cloth, James figured, were done by the tribe to decorate the sacred object , but the true core and origins remained mysterious to James, only as Alexa put it, he figured it has to be the work of a higher or supreme intelligence, a God. He noticed the shape and design were similar to that held by the Native American woman he saw on the streets of Chronix Bay and who quickly vanished thereafter. 
May the spirituals be with you what that could mean? 
And in the middle of the awe inspiring object and glistening in the bright lights of the hut from the dome above, James saw the symbol of five orbs in harmonious unity. 
That is amazing, James says, , but what does it have to do with me. 
The Chief looks at him and beckons to him to come closer and as James did slowly, with the Chiefs free hand he lowered James shirt collar and revealed a birth mark even James forgot he has, a birth mark of five orbs in circular unity. Tina looks at it and dropped her jaw in shock and that the Chief recognized it when he first saw James and neither of them saw it before. 
That is one hell of a coincidence. Tina yells.
It is not a coincidence, beckons Alexa. We have been waiting for the Holder of Stones, the cornerstone of the Pregivers mighty heavenly empire, to arrive for quite some time, all our lives and that of our forefathers and their forefathers for countless generations. Now you are here to claim your treasure and fulfill your destiny which is also the destiny of the entire world. They all looks at him making him feel like he is caught cheating on a school exam again.
Chapter 36
Outside in the clearing by the bushes, James and Tina sits, as James held the device he is given by the Chief.  He felt bad taking it , but as he is told, they possessed it for generations waiting for his arrival. 
You know what this means, dont you? Tina uttered with her arms crossed over her legs. 
What? James asks. 
You have powers and you used them during our escape from the wolf creature beast things. Alexa must have seen that and fingered you as the one they call the holder because it jives with their religion. It also means it is no accident or random fluke that made us travel to this part of the world.  All our lives and experiences could have been preordained just to get us here or you anyway. I dont know what Im doing here. She sunk down to the ground feeling depressed. 
To watch my back, you know I wouldnt have been able to do half the things you did since we reconnected, including read those wall paintings. You got a lot of talent, brains  and beauty. 
Thanks Tina stated as she blushed. I think you are going to be great, James. I see good things ahead for us. I know we already made a great team so far and will be a great team for a long time. Tina says and the duo smiles at one another. 
Chapter 37
Not so far away, , but by only a few miles, Broad Staffnight led his entourage through the jungle guided by a skinny four foot tall balding dwarfed local named Pablo. Pablo speaks a few English words and guided them through the dusking evening skies with his flashlight and backpack almost as big as he was. He speaks in Spanish as they understand as if in English.  He is frightened. Come this way, this way sirs and madam, he smiles at Elizabeth implying a romantic interest, this is the market of the town isolated. He pointed to a shanty town of scattered wooden homes, old clay huts, and fruit stands surrounding a clearing, the vegetation and trees form the woods offering a quaint backdrop to the rustic commerce and exchanges of everyday life.  
Wow, this is totally different from the capital where we landed into speaks Elizabeth. 
Come on. Thats the idea. He told us this is the old market place. We should find the answers we seek there. Broad says loosely interpreting for Pablo. 
Are you going to tell me what is really going on, Broad? asks Elizabeth. 
OK Broad says grabbing Elizabeth by the arms and looking at her in the eyes sincerely as he beckons with his eyes for the rest to go on into town. They followed the trail leaving Broad and Liz behind talking. I know we have seen some crazy stuff says the former Army ranger turned tycoon business man, choosing his words carefully. 
Broad, you have always been upfront with me in the past. Please tell me what the heck is going on. 
Theyre from another universe, a parallel dimension along our space time continuum. He blurted it out and then realizes the absurdity in what he is saying. He speaks with a high level of excitement. 
Who is that? she asks. 
They are the stuff of legends. The beasts are sky gods and legendary as referred to by the locals. Its unlike anything weve ever experienced he uttered as if waiting for the right opportunity after seeing the fright in her eyes. There is an experiment gone wrong and they wound up here on our Earth. Thats all I can say , but trust me Liz when I tell you the stories of the beast warriors are all true. They have been adjusting to life in our universe, on our planet, , but in different Times all over our history. This could be the origin of myth, legends, religious folklore, some have theorized. , but the possibilities are endless and stakes are heavy as our world isnt big enough, it is dying and hungering for energy, new technology, relief from overpopulation and this concept opens up the universe. We can find new sustainable renewable sources of energy. We will find the stone of legend at least and unite the world in a grand orchestration under our regime. He speaks with jubilance in his voice. 
She smiles in return, this sounds kind of crazy , but if I didnt see what I saw in Mr. Cumberberrys office this whole thing now seems to fit perspective. Liz wondered. 
Come on. Lets settle in before it gets too dark to travel Broad says. 
They wandered into the little town. 
Chapter 38
James and Tina met with Alexa and a few of her friends from the dome, Romo and Bertza, a young couple who is expecting their first child. Alexa translated during the conversation around an evening camp fire drinking their favorite beverage, a special tea made of naturally sweet leaves from the forest and warm bread from their small round fire oven. They talked and enjoyed one anothers company as they conversed about the usual life apart from the mainstream of society, untouched by the so-called civilized world, and how peaceful yet tedious it was.  They also speaks of their excitement of the legend of the tribe, its story, its purpose now being fulfilled, and its future being placed in the hands of the Holder of Stones, which James is reluctant to accept as his destiny. 
Well, then what you are saying is that I am some type of messiah? James asks rhetorically. 
Well, James, you do have some powers, says Tina, and there have been many talks of the coming of figures that have great power in virtually every known religion on the planet. It is possible some combo of those myths could be true as presented into the story of the tribe. 
Power, Alexa says is what you showed in the wood with the Beasts. I know that it is hard for you to accept, says Alexa, , but it is the truth. And now you must go to unlock your fate. 
How, what is it exactly that I am supposed to do? James asks curiously. 
There have been many strange occurrences reported on La Montana del Diablo. 
Huh? asks James. 
Devils Mountain says Tina smiling. 
Thanks says James. 
There have been strange lights seen from even the market. Those lights have never been reported until recently. We do not explain it except as the elders do as a sign that the times of the end will be coming and the destiny of the holder will be fulfilled.  It is no coincidence you arrived at this time. 
Wow both James and Tina gasped. 
We will point you that way at first light. , but you must go alone. The tribe will call for a celebration in your honor upon your return for being the great heroes who overcame the temptation and taunts of La Montanya del DiabloDevils Mountain. 
What if we dont return? asks James. 
Now we rest until the dawn. Alexa finished her thought and laid down on a pair of large leaves to rest. Each of them takes their leaves to lay down to rest where they sit, as is the custom, a custom of sleeping on the floor. James and Tina nodded to one another in recognition that they were used to being homeless and sleeping on the floor in Chronix Bay. 
That night, James dreamt that he is being chased by monsters, beasts, and above all a dragon that is as large as a jumbo jet. He ran and could not face them, even with his new powers. He turns and continues to run endlessly into the darkness of the night, sweating profusely, holding the artifact given to him by the Chief of the tribe.  He saw it is blinking wildly, glowing brightly in the darkness of night, and he stops running, turns to the beasts, and raised the item up with his eyes closed and suddenly awoke. 
The next morning, James told Tina about his dream and she predicted it may be an omen. 
What is an omen? asks James. 
You know, says Tina, an event that could foretell the future or signify change. Just call me the human dictionary. 
I hope our future isnt to get chased by monsters, James says.
Then Tina reminded him, uh, we sort of already have been. 
Oh right says James. 
They were told of the direction to head to the place called La Montanya del Diablo and were given a few days worth of food and water and other supplies in an old potato sack.  They thanked their benefactors and went off to find their destiny. 
As they walks through the forest, they speaks, I do not know what were doing, Tina says James. 
We are about to go on an adventure unlike any that we ever imagined possible for something greater than the pathetic lives weve been living called for. Jumping jimickers, James, were on a quest for treasure and adventure. It could be our greatest hope. We dont need to clear our names and go back to our pathetic lives in Chronix Bay. This could be our new lives right here doing Gods work, literally and figuratively. 
You think so? asks James. 
I know so; this could be what we were meant to be doing James. I know about this archeological stuff. I told you I could be valuable to you and you to me. We need one another. 
Madam Ezelzaba told us to look out for one another. James recollected. I literally wouldnt want it any other way.  
They smiles at one another and continues forward not knowing that they were being watched from above. They approached the perimeter of the mountain after another clearing of bushes. 
There she is, La Montanya del Diablo. I tell you, these folks have a flare for the dramatic says Tina. 
They both stared up at the massive peak reaching past a ring of clouds and smoke peering upward. They expressed their awe at its majestic tranquility from a distance. 
This is scary says James. I am hot and humid and sticky. I just want to go away from here.
No turning back now. Dont worry. Look at it this way, we could be remembered as heroes.
Great. James sighed sarcastically. What do we know about this mountain?
It is supposed to be one of the last remaining active Volcanos in the region replies Tina. Lets go up! She gave him a wide eyed certain look and they began their trek upwards along the scarcely walks path of dirt, rocks, and dead leaves before them.  Didnt they say there were strange lights here? Tina asks. 
Yes, look at that James pointed up and they both stands in shock as they witnessed a strange whirling golden aura twirling around like five orbs. Just like the symbol, James whispered. 
Huh? Tina asks. 
Lets go. Whatever it is, I dont think we have a lot of time. James says and the duo headed up the path. 
Chapter 39
After several hours of trekking up the side of the mountain, their bodies sweating profusely, Tina and James gave up their outer garments they previously has and walks up in under shirts with their outerwear tied around their waists. They arrived at a clearing and stops to rest. 
It sure is hot in here says Tina. 
Now we know why they call it Hellish Mountain replies James. 
You mean Devils Mountain corrected Tina. 
Whatever, water? He reached in the sack and removed a canteen. He takes a sip and handed her the canteen. 
Please, she grabbed it and takes a huge gulp. 
Save some for later, will you? scolded James rhetorically.  
Sorry says Tina wiping her mouth, I am not used to rationing. On the streets we just went by the moment. Tina stops abruptly when she saw James looking at her with an obvious glare. Of course you knew that too being on the streets. She corrected. 
James looks straight ahead shocked. 
What? She looks away shyly as James look changed from obvious to a more relaxed state. 
Nothing, lets keep moving. We dont want to get stuck in the middle of the road when it gets night. We should at least make it to one of the caves up there. He pointed. 
Yeah, I can see them now. Hopefully we wont have any company. Then as soon as Tina finished speaking, a pair of ferocious looking mountain lions comes out from behind the mountain and cross their paths in the clearing. Uh oh, speaks too soon. Tina uttered. 
They look hungry. says James. 
Hopefully not for us, Tina smirks as James looks at her and gave her a wink. 
Maybe you should try the old rope a dope maneuver. James joked and Tina recognized his attempt at mimicking the old boxing style of great champion fighters of the past. 
Tina ran over to the other side of the mountain as the lions started closing in growling in a melee of confusion. The lions turn to her and James ran the other way and encircled them each of the duo running past the other as they tagged one another jokingly and laughing as the two lions growled more ferociously and turns like dogs chasing their own tails. One lion finally lunged at Tina pouncing on its powerful hind legs and James waved his hands trying to use his new powers on the lion , but failed. The lion falls on Tina and gnaws at her face scraping her cheek and growling as it goes in for the kill and the other comes closer. With a quick thought looking above him, James dropped the sack and waves both his hands at the mountains above and within seconds a single rock the size of a human head falls and strikes the lion on top of Tina on the head and both lions begin to pounce away as a barrage of similar rocks comes falling down atop on them as Tina gets up and runs away towards James and both embrace. 
Oh my God, that was close! yells Tina. 
Yeah, lets continue. He wipes the blood off of her face and holds it with his dress shirt he has tied around his waist and now removed. Put pressure on it. Lets go before we have more guests. James says and Tina nodded emphatically in response.  James picked up the sack and they continue up the mountain. 
They walk up further sweltering in the intense heat and lucky to have survived so far. The wilderness isomer wild and harsh up here, they noticed, as even the vegetation swayed more and trees blew over by the winds mighty blow.  They snacked on berries and fruit from the sack as they headed up. The heat from the baking sun and fire, soot, and smoke grew heavier as the air is denser. 
The sense were going to feel as we ascend is atmospheric pressure on our lungs.  We got to breathe deep and slowly, James. 
Right, Doctor Prescott. Joked James and Tina smiles in return. 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The minutes turn into hours and soon they were approaching the entrances to the first set of caves. Tinas scar has begun to clot and still has a jagged set of scarred markings on her right cheek. They walk together to the edge of the clearing overlooking a cliff side. 
The view is breathtaking says James looking over the cliff side and the long way down into the trees. 
I have no more breath to take Tina joked. The wind blew fiercer now and they felt the shiver in their bones. 
Its getting dark, now. James says looking at the sun set over the horizon. 
Its incredibly romantic says Tina. Dont you agree? She smiles and asks curiously. 
Hmm, maybe we should get inside. It will get much colder and windier as the night goes on up here. 
OK, which cave? Door number one or door number two? Tina asks. 
Does it matter? James asks in response.  
Tina shrugged and they headed in together and were in the dark of the first cave. They hear the noise of small creatures within it. 
What is that? Tina asks. 
Probably bats, says James. 
Bats that would make me go bats says Tina. 
Dont worry, Im here. 
My hero again, she sighed. 
They walk in closer and James pulls out a torch from the sack he carried and lit it with the lighter Alexa gave him. 
Now let there be light he smiles as they walks in and saw a bright red light at the end of the cavern on a jagged rock wall.  They approached and found it to be a dead end. 
Looks like we entered the wrong cave Tina turns and then the floor beneath them started to move and they were going down as the floor is becoming fluid like and moving in all directions sucking them in. 
James dropped the torch and sack into the liquid floor before them. 
Its like quick sand? Tina screams.                
How? asks James. 
I dont know. Do something screams Tina. 
I cant move my arms. James has dropped his arms and struggled to get out.  He couldnt use his powers. He tried to think of ways to move them out , but it is futile. I dont think my powers work on living things. Every time I try then suddenly he interrupted himself as he saw the red mark on the cave wall turns to writing like the picture diagram they saw in the cave connected to the dome. It is a language that looks similar to the way the other diagrams were written. Tina, can you read this? 
Uh she struggled to get her arms and head above the sinking floor. I dont know. She screams. 
Try or were dead. He screams back. 
Uh She squinted at the wall. 
Both of them tried to struggle to keep their heads above the sinking fluids. 
Uh What What makes no sense and all sense, controls empires , but controls nothing, is invisible to all , but maintain what makes the world move, its hands on a clock or hourglass form control it as the destiny proved? Its a riddle. I am clueless and I cant feel my arms. Were dead, James. Its been great getting to know you again I regret we wont be able to she says panicking. 
The answer is Time! Yells James just as their mouths and the last part of their faces were going to be completely submerged and then suddenly they were atop solid ground again crawling on all fours. 
What the hell? Tina muttered. 
We solved the riddle says James. See, nothing to it buddy. He smirks as he patted her on the back and headed towards the entrance of the cave exiting it. 
Tina followed him out. Time, what kind of riddle is that? She gasped. 
It worked, didnt it? asks James. 
Yeah, just barely replies Tina. 
You do know multiple languages, even old ones commented James. 
I studied a lot like I told you. I guess I am good at remembering something after all replies Tina. 
You got photographic memory or something. Good thing for us. James Says. 
Tina discusses at James curiosity as they walk down the long entrenchment of the cavern how she seems like a female Indiana Jones. 
I have a very good teacher sort of a mentor who taught me a lot says Tina. 
Dr. Schiester? questioned James.  
And I envisioned a full college career to the doctorate level , but stuff happens you know and it wasnt meant to be. Knowing Dr. Schiester, a skilled multi-doctorate holder and world-renowned archeologist, I felt I studied the knowledge of those ten degrees myself , but didnt have the paper to back it up. Tina smirks. 
I can only imagine says James. 
I already told you how he was, the true nature of his dark side and that whole story says Tina. 
I remember says James. 
That bad prick, thats it. I really dont want to talk about it anymore. I will probably never see him again and that is just fine with me. Tina uttered.  
They look at one another and walk into the second cave, James holding the torch lit by his lighter and Tina following with the sack. They walks several meters in when they saw a large cliff overlooking a pit and a chamber that rose up as they entered forming a circular enclosure with a solid metal door sealing tightly behind them. James noted the strange five orbs on that door as well. 
Well, this is interesting. We have nowhere to go. James whispered. 
Story of our lives, huh? asks Tina. 
In the main chamber they currently occupied, there is a suddenly loud flapping noise and winds blowing greatly, and something descended through the wall before them, its face first is seen as a large scaly snout, long pointy eyes, horns as long as scimitars and just as sharp, and a long body covered with scales, razor sharp talons on its hands and feet, and a pair of wings like a large bat. The face of this large dragon beast is surprising on one horned head , but to the surprise of the duo, a second horned head emerged from the opening as the body and wings fully submerged through the wall liquefying like the floor that nearly sunk the duo earlier. The large dragon before them speaks in a dark and cursed tongue, crinkly and loud like multiple voices speaking at the same exact time, We are the Protector!  
What is it you protect? Says James trying to be fearless for Tinas sake , but she saw through his delusion and nearly collapse , but stands shaking in the presence of the giant flying reptile. 
Return from whence you came or die says the Protector. 
The duo remains and starts to wander around the room looking up at the dragon and trying to find another way out. 
What do we do, James? asks Tina. 
Try to findlook, James pointed to the metal door opening again. 
Lets go, James. She starts to go , but James stops her. 
We came all this way and survived so much. I dont think we can turn back says James. 
, but we could die, James. Tina shivered. 
I wont let anything bad happen to you. I promise. , but for me, I kind of known there is no turning back. James proudly speaks to her. 
Tina smiles and brushed it off. We fight together, always. Im with you to fight by your side proudly and die if necessary. I promised you that before. She nodded.  
Then they recognized that connection in one another and knew what they have to do. They turn to face the beast and James proudly proclaimed, Were not going anywhere. 
Then die! The Protector shouted. It began to unleash a barrage of attacks maneuvering in an assault pose to strike at them and lunging down in a swoop, one after another, while the duo ducked and evaded pursuit barely missing each one, sweltering in the heat of the chamber so close to the main center. The Protector roars ferociously unleashing a breath of fire from both of its heads and then cocking the Protectors two heads back further and blowing even more fire at them. The duo scatters. 
Use your powers, yells Tina. 
And James lifts his right hand and as the flames approach he holds the flames back with his powers. The flames stop in mid-air as if striking an invisible barrier. James then he tries to strike the dragon with his powers using his free hand , but nothing happens.  
It wont work on living things James whispered. 
The flames from both mouths continue and the duo is growing tired of the evasion. 
We cant keep this up much longer yells Tina. 
I know, replies James.
Chapter 40
In the main chamber of the mountain, the two-headed dragon identified as the Protector is unlike any beast ever seen by either James or Tina. The Protector flapped its two wings and begins to fly above to its perch high above the chamber, and James and Tina look at one another and both jump as high as they could just as James grabbed the toe talons of the Protector and hitch a ride with it, Tina grabbing a hold of James legs and screams as she is being lifted up with him.  The Protector sees them and tries to shake them off , but they hold on tight and persevere. The Protector lands on its perch and James and Tina disembark onto the wooden log that represented the Protectors perch and then jump off of the perch and help one another up onto a cliff nearby overlooking the impressive flow of hot molten lava below in the center of the mountains active and violent volcano. The Protector then flew back down. Smoke and sulfur burned away rise up causing James and Tina to cough and gag. 
We got to get out of here or well suffocate cried Tina coughing and covering her mouth. 
James felt the same way as tears fell down their cheeks and the sweat dripped from his brow.  James takes a breath sighing heavily as he saw another cave entrance above them one level and yells out, thats our way out , but then he saw the Protector preparing for another attack on them and swooped back up to their level and breathed a heavy breath of fire cocking its heads back and forth blowing it at them. James grabs Tina and rolls over on the ground away from the flames. James notices as the Protector got close that it has a strange symbol on its underbelly, a giant gold breastplate, big enough for the Protector, with the familiar five orbs glowing as brightly as the hot fire below and etched on the breastplate and the same symbol is etched on the cavern behind them glowing suddenly like red hot lava behind it, gilded and shining in the light of the flaming environment about them previously hidden , but now visible as the Protector flies above them.  They realize the Protector is coming about for a final assault and as it cocks its heads back and forth again growing frustrated over its previous failures and wanting to make the kill this time, it readies its talons to land on them and crush them with its massive weight. James holds out his right hand and uses his powers on the gold breastplate on the underbelly of the Protector and ends up turning it like a dial clockwise and then grabs Tina and yells jump on my back and hold on tight and she does holding on tightly for dear life as the Protector zooms down pulls by the weight from James powers tugging on the beasts breastplate and curves about missing them because of James turning its breast plate with his powers forming an invisible shield surrounding the duo. As the Protectors flames fly off from its breath towards James and Tina, the flames strike the invisible energy barrier and are scattered away from the duo. James jumps atop the Protectors back with Tina on his own back just as the Protector is leveled with them and in an awesome jump, James and Tina jump up to the higher level keeping an eye on the prize and grabbing the ledge, watching down as the momentum of the Protectors downfall with their combined weight on him for a moment causes the Protector to drop like a stone and a deep, deep pit is revealed as the Protector realizes it is too late to escape its fate and plunged as it then began sinking into the abyss of flames and lava below. 
A loud cry echoed through the entire chamber with a massive fury of an eruption as the heads of the mighty Protector were completely enveloped. 
Yes! Tina yells. And James hanging like a thread from the upper level cliff with Tina on his back used all of his strength and grunted crawling up onto the level as the flames of lave erupted and James rolled onto the level with Tina in tuck under him barely missing being burned alive by the wave of fire and lava. 
James and Tina ran out of the chambers entrance and remained staring into the deep darkness below from a distance. They turn and walk through the new corridor before them and knew it is not over for them yet. The corridor reached another dead end , but there is another gold etching on the cave wall before them.  They found a small orb like device in the center of the five orbs symbol on the gold etching. James tried using his powers to lure it to them , but nothing happened.  He tried to grab it , but it would not budge. 
They wanted to happily retreat to the exit and leave , but they could not, as the door has locked behind them.  Then Tina noticed something odd as the sack she still held, burned with soot and ash and the supplies within it that were left over were completely destroyed , but the one thing that is not is the object given to James by the Chief, which is suddenly glowing very, very fiercely and brightly.  They stand in shock. 
What is making it do that? Tina asks. 
I thought you were the expert here? James inquired jokingly. He held the object to the gold etching and orb like device and there came a bright flash of hot white light from the object and the gold etching and orb became a temple door made of metal like the others they saw with the five orbs symbol on it in gold writing. James maintained the object to the door and the door opens to the object. The duo passed through and to their shock they saw a raised up circular platform, silvery in color and about three feet in diameter with lights and diodes all around it like some sort of advanced technology they have never seen. It is connected to a series of poles that circled it and when they approached, the poles started moving in all directions and finally curved up and formed an image of a person about the height of James and Tina and opens up as if allowing for passage onto the platform and the lights and diodes turns bright red. Nothing else is present in the small enclosure. James went forward and Tina held him back. 
Wait, we dont know what that thing does. Tina uttered. 
Well, we came this far. Do you want to turn back? asks James. 
We came this far and this might be the only way out. The back way is locked out reasoned Tina. 
Come on, lets do it together, it looks like it can fit both of us. James adds reaching out his hand and Tina turns reluctant , but she accepted it trusting her friend. 
Lets do it says Tina. They held hands and then embraced stepping into the pod together, James still holding the object. Within nanoseconds after stepping onto the platform, the poles closed around them and the lights turns from red to green and they vanished in a swirl of bluish light. 
James and Tina felt the sensation of strange insects crawling on their bodies and within seconds found themselves in a room standing on a platform. 
Nothing happened says Tina. 
No says James. Look around, he pointed to the room being similar , but it is not a cave wall , but stone masonry, brickwork, grayish in color, and hard as cement. We are definitely someplace else , but where? 
It felt weird, like insects crawling on me. What is that thing? yells Tina.  
Some kind of transportation device, replies James, were in another place. 
Just like whenwe somehow appeared on the plane? Tina adds. 
Exactly like that, only different, kind of. He looks at her and remembered their conversation on the plane and stands at one another blankly again. 
What do we do now? Tina says. 
I dont know , but we need to find out more. I have a feeling we are getting close and that this object is the key. James held out the object that the Chief gave him, the key. 
James, look. Tina pointed to a glowing insertion point in the wall behind the platform.  This looks like the inside of an ancient temple, maybe Olmec? Tina says. It is glowing bright green as the key was. Looks like we know what it wants, James. Tina says. 
Yes, James walks up to the insert, Tina staying a few feet behind him. James turns to her and she nodded hesitantly , but realizing it is their only shot, hunched over fearfully for what negative monsters may come. Here goes nothing, James lifted the key and inserted it into the hole and let go. Within seconds, there is another hot white flash of light and a metal door appeared suddenly with the familiar gold symbol of the five orbs. James and Tina were amazed as the door opens and they entered to find a large stone altar in a small enclosed room.
Chapter 41
Broad Staffnight and his entourage trekked through the forest. 
There is no apparent help at the market says Broad. 
We did get a map to a place where treasure hunters go. It has to be it says Mark Cumberberry who is really the Satyr in disguise. 
They trekked forward for hours before coming across a large structure of stone masonry, brick and mortar, architectural ziggurat, a step pyramid. 
That is it! Broads eyes gleamed. 
Thank God. I am so beat says Elizabeth. 
Now what do we do? asks Chief Hightower. What is that? 
Its a temple, Chief, explained Broad, built by the ancient Mayans over five thousand years ago. They walks past the trees surrounding the temple and around to the entrance up a few dozen steps. 
Great, more walking says Elizabeth. 
If we find what we are looking for, there will be no more walking. Broad grimaced. Lets get a move on.
Chapter 42
James and Tina entered the room to find the altar having archaic writing and high relief sculptures of lions and dragons and other beasts not completely familiar to them. There is an insert in the altar for a pentagonal object like that on the key , but larger, and a series of curtains red in color and ridged curled around the altar, somehow perfectly preserved as if present for eons. There is writing on a pedestal elevated above the altar and around the insert. 
Well, this looks like its too big to fit the key , but we dont have it anymore, so this must be for something else, right? 
I think so, Tina. Can you make out the writing? 
I am getting experienced in this arent I? She looks at it and read it aloud, what shines through walls is not as great, a visible terror, an enormous wake, you can pass through to enter to your hearts content, there it is, the greatest search intent. 
So, they were not too great on lyrics, these Pregivers, huh? asks James.
What could that mean? asks Tina. I only translate; you are good at solving these riddles, looks like our homecoming party will be delayed by a bit too. Tina looks away and James thinks. 
Enter, pass through, not so great an instance in the walls thats it, its in the walls. He ran passed the altar and squeezed through the tight crevice between it and the wall to get to the wall behind it and in a blind leap of faith, he stuck his hand, which passed right through the wall as if it were liquid and he felt an object and grabbed it pulling it out.  He held it up to Tina, a green emerald pentagonal shape like the key , but slightly larger.  
Holy cow, James that is amazing screams Tina.  
Thank you, thank you. I dont like to brag. He hopped over the altar and stands with her before the insert. 
That looks big enough to do the job. Lets get this over with, buddy. Tina says and without another word, James inserted the object into the insert and both object and altar lit up in hot white causing a hot white flash of bright light to fill the room and as it cleared the object began to glow bright green and from it a yellowish haze of light emerged like a single stream in a vacuum of air, it pressed forward into the air between James and Tina as they turns with a momentous sigh and simultaneous whoa.  The light swirled clockwise rapidly and then reversed and swarmed back towards the wall twice before erupting before them in a large circle of light, a portal of light and then visible of its interior as a pass through to someplace else, it vibrated shimmering before them in all translucent colors of the prism and filled the room with a swirling noise soft and cumbersome as well as light seemingly mood inspiringly tranquil and calm. James lifted the object out of its insertion and the altars light turnoff , but the circle of light remained before them. 
I think that device activated this thing, James. The altar may have been some type of charger says Tina. 
It looks like it has not been active in ages. I guess this is what the Protector once protected James adds. 
Do you think this is what the Pregivers treasure was? asks Tina. 
Seems logical says James. 
Chapter 43
Broad and his group walk out of the pod after having squeezed the four of them into the platform. 
That is awkward says Elizabeth. I never have been nor do I ever want to be again in a tight closet with three men. No offense guys. 
None taken, dear says Broad. 
Now what do we do? asks Hightower. 
Well, help us find some means of egress, Chief. Stop being such a worrywart. 
I remind you who is in command screams Hightower. 
Yes, I am. Your unit belongs to Temporo, Inc. because of the last election so dont you forget where your priorities lie, Sir he yells and everyone remained quiet. 
Look a door says Elizabeth. 
Why don't you try to open it? Hightower asks rhetorically. Everyone tried to budge it , but could not open it. 
Curious markings, I have seen these five orbs before. I cannot place where says Broad. Break it down. Hightower and Cumberberry armed their side pistols and began aiming to fire at the door. 
BOOM, BOOM, BOOM, there were loud sounds on the other side of the door from where James and Tina stands then pouting. 
Someone else is here? Tina screams. 
Is it another beast? asks James. 
I dont know! Who else knows about this stuff? Lets go now! says Tina. 
Where? asks James.
Tina beckons to the circle of light before them. It seems like a vortex, one of those portal things that can take you anywhere in the universe, or something says Tina. 
Does it go anywhere? asks James. 
Beats me, could be a death trap , but there is only one way to find out. Besides anyplace could be better than here in a few seconds says Tina beckoning to the repeated pounding on the door.  
James smiles and nodded in agreement, looking at the object in his hand and the five orbs symbol is emblazoned into it just like in the small one on the key, plus it is five sided too. Lets go! says James. 
They look into the swirling golden abyss before them and in awe, hold hands, and step forward towards it then two tendrils from the swirling mass reach out and grab them transforming them into golden balls of light energy and sucking them in. James and Tina felt an energy pulse surround them and their consciousness merged with the void as if flying through a long expanse of golden light swirling , but also being part of it. Within moments, they felt their consciousness return to their normal forms as they were projected out of the vortex and found themselves in an office.  James looks around.  
This is a corporate office. He looks out the window and saw the Central Tower. 
Were back in Chronix Bay! They both shouted. 
Very good, now tell me what that is. The beast Satyr stands before them as he is surrounding a globe with a switch and knob control panel device revealed underneath it as previously hidden and he approached them snaking with both clawed hands open and palms up as he pointed his long outstretched index finger claw towards the object in James hand.   
BOOM! The door bust open in the secret chamber in Brazil because of an explosion. Broad and his entourage entered the room with the altar to find no activity and no one. 
I knew my explosives would work says Mr. Cumberberry. 
Where are we? asks Hightower. 
We are too late, Broad says touching the altar and feeling heat from recent activity and seeing and deciphering the language on the altar. He squeezed behind the crevice of the altar and felt his hand through the wall behind it , but found nothing. 
Wow, how did you do that? asks Elizabeth. What were you seeking? 
Its gone!!! He yells angrily. Were too late. It could be anywhere in time or space.
Chapter 44
In the office in Chronix Bay, James and Tina ran seeing the Satyr in his true form in Chronix Bay. 
What is that thing? asks James. 
Looks kind of like a Satyr like in Greek mythology screams Tina. 
He seems pretty non mythical to me says James. 
I will take that artifact. Give it to me! screams Satyr. 
What is that? James stops and saw a circular disc like device near the control panel where Satyr is working. It has a face in the middle and a series of animal like drawings around it. 
Tina saw it and gasped it is the Aztec Sun Stone. 
Damn, you are brilliant says James. 
Yes and I will use it to summon more of my brethren from beyond the void, hand me the artifact now says Satyr. 
Never yells James tossing it to Tina and then she ran as he got closer to her she tossed it back to James and they continues this game of mystic keep away laughingly until Satyr grabbed Tina by the hair with his clawed hands and pulls her to the ground and pounced on top of her. He is going to strike her face with his clawed hands when he felt some sharp sensation in his back as James has stuck an envelope opener in his back. 
Satyr let loose a tremendous yell as he faced upward in agonizing pain. 
Tina tossed the artifact to James and then both saw a marble inlaid table whose top appeared removable in the center of the room and knew what they must do. They look at one another in conformity as Satyr rose and yells I will curse you both and destroy you! Shaking his fist as he struggled wildly grasping for the opener in his back , but he could not reach it. He lunged at the duo running towards them from the open window behind him and they ran to him, lifted the marble tabletop and James boosted it up above their heads with a wave of his hands sending it flying into Satyr as he ran into it knocking him back towards the window and turns it outside before letting it go outside, James and Tina following in tow where James held the object out of the window and let it go as it touched Satyr and a stream of yellow swirling energy emerged out of the object and the swirling gilded vortex illuminated the daylight below hovering in midair and Satyr fell into the vortex, a swirl of light grabbing him and transforming him into a ball of gold energy and sucking it into the vortex, which quickly vanished thereafter. 
Wow, that was close, says James. 
You dont say Tina adds. 
Too bad I have to give up that device, it is pretty amazing. 
Who says we have to give it up, buddy? Tina put out her hand and held the object before them. Its called the old five finger discount remember. She joked. 
Well done says James taking the device. Now what do we do with this says James as they looks at the Sunstone. 
There is an insert in the back for the object, says Tina looking around it. Thats what Satyr wanted to do. Good thing we stop him, right James? 
Right says James.
Then suddenly a man in a suit entered. Hello, who are you and what are you two doing in my office? 
Oh hi that is a good question says James. 
Yeah, we were just lost says Tina. 
Im Broad Staffnight. CEO of Temporo, Inc. and who are you? 
James Timewalker. 
And Tina Prescott... whats it to you? 
Right, Broad walks around to his desk. I heard about you. You guys are wanted on the news for questioning by the police, murder is it? asks Broad acting innocently. 
We didnt do it says Tina. Then she looks at James and whispered he is the one who pointed us out at the airport. I remember it. 
I know replies James. 
Right, Broad says sarcastically and picked up the phone at his desk. Tina and James looks at one another frightened as Broad dialed. Yes, Mildred. Tell security we have them. Thats right, the pair from TV, delivered right to our doorstep. They say the hand of God works in mysterious ways. He smirks. You know what to do, Sweetheart. Thanks. He hung up the phone. You know weve almost given up on you. We were ready to go look for it ourselves. Broad walks over to them from his desk. 
Look for what? asks James. 
This, Broad approached James and snatched the emerald out of his hands.  
Wait, you mean... Tina started , but is interrupted. 
Thats right, Broad says speculating we are the ones meant for the power this possesses. You two just fluked your way into this by chance, we were the ones who set you up. We needed the most obvious patsies and you fell for it hook, line, and sinker. You dont even know how to handle it. Now we will finish what is begun. He speaks sinisterly as he approached the sunstone and without hesitation inserted the object into the back of the sunstone.  
Within seconds, the sunstone began glowing bright green. The lights in the office flickered and soon shut off completely, leaving the only luminescence from the bright green sun stone that began spinning clockwise around the perimeter and the central face of the Ancient God of Death began spinning counterclockwise. James and Tina look at it fiercely. 
What is going on? asks Tina. 
So you see there is nothing else you can do. Soon we will have all the power and the control over both sides. The lights from buildings seen from the window began to blink off and soon the entire city is in a black out. 
Whats going on? asks Tina again. 
I think that thing is draining power from every source around us says James. The object from Brazil is acting as a natural electric stimulant. Remember when we thought the altar isomer kind of charger for the object? We were wrong. Its the other way around, the object is a charger for the altar and same is being done here , but it harnesses its own energy from outside sources, wherever it can find, once activated. 
So how do we stop it? Tina asks. 
You are a very smart man, James Timewalker says Broad. , but you are too late. The face of Tonatiuh is still and brightest, which means there is enough power to fulfill our destiny and bridge the gap in our greatest achievement, our greatest experiment, our true meaning. He raised both hands up and then extended his right arm to the center face of the sunstone and pressed it. Within seconds, a spiral golden yellow beam of light emerged from the combined objects magnified in green light and shot out into the daylight sky and blacked out city out of the open window unleashing a portal vortex ten times as large as previously seen by the duo James and Tina. 
James that is huge says Tina. 
Yeah, look James pointed as they saw out of the window as a series of golden orbs emerged from the portal dematerializing before their very eyes, integrating with the normal flow of reality around them and as each one formed, Tina saw a piece of the sunstone blinked green as it continues to spin around making a jagged sound. 
James, look its blinking. Each different animal figure or beast started Tina. 
And then they form out there from the orbs finished James. 
They saw several beasts arrive in their home town, one with long antlers, one with wings like a falcon, one with a snout like a pig, and several with appearances like lions and ladies.  The most profound were those with heads and chests like ladies and bodies like eagles. 
Theyre harpies, James says Tina referring to the last to be emitted from the circle. 
Ha Broad laughs continuously. The door opens and a well-dressed middle-aged woman with glasses and two armed security guards entered the office. Broad turns and smiles lock these two up.  He pointed to them and the officers ran to them with guns drawn. 
James, we cant let them take us in shouted Tina. 
Right James waved his hand and the guns flew out of the officers hands and out of the window. Tina stepped forward and lunged with a punch at one of the officers and he moved back and she fell on top of him and they struggled on the ground. James did a roundhouse kick and attacked at the other officer as the officer reached for his baton. James grabbed the baton and used it to strike the officer on the head knocking him out and then he waved his fingers up curling them and the belt of the officer struggling with Tina flew up along with the officer and to the left then with a sudden drop on top of the other officer. 
Those powers, I see you are the legendary holder and I thought you were just a myth , but then again I though the same thing about the sunstone says Broad. The middle-aged woman ran out screaming. James helped Tina up and the duo stands facing Broad. Very, very good, , but not good enough yells Broad. I have a much stronger fighting force at my disposal. He pulls out a remote control from his breast pocket, a small metal box with a single red switch, which he flicked with his finger and instantly one of the harpies flew by the window and grew to one hundred times her normal size, about the size of a skyscraper and she landed on the floor causing shockwaves and tremors to the citizens of Chronix Bay.  She walks, each step like a miniature earthquake, and knocked down signs, billboards, and the tops of buildings with her arms swinging wildly and wings behind her stretching out destroying anything and everything in their path. 
James, can your powers affect that thing? asks Tina. 
I cant affect living things. He waved his hand at the harpy and nothing happened. See? 
We got to do something. She is destroying the city says Tina. 
There is nothing you can do says Broad. They dont wear clothing. Ha. 
Then within moments, the spinning sunstone began glowing wildly on its individual parts representing individual figures or beasts and deities, each one lighting up in a synchronistic pattern and then the light, bright orange on the silvery disk began fusing to the central figure and spitting outward in pellets of orange colored energy out the window and around the room. Whoa James moved back in shock as the light balls hurled out the window and into the sky towards various focal directions as if acting on some inordinate predetermined set of intelligent instructions from somewhere. 
The guardians are free. This is not what is supposed to be. Broad says regretfully. 
Huh? James beckons forward curiously.
Chapter 45
Miles away sixteen armored tanks and fourteen helicopters were ready and moving towards the city of Chronix Bay, under the command of the United States Army, Corps of Special Ops headed by Commander Sergeant Felix Ramrod. He is an aged soldier with a grit iron, stern wit, set of strong teeth, and crooked smile, chewing lightly on a toothpick as he sits in his seat of the command Hummer heading up the project. 
We are almost there, Sir says Private Corporal Lance Davis, a cocky twenty-five year old that is selected by Ramrod for the project because of his demolitions expertise. We are being told by radio that the situation in Chronix Bay is growing critical. There is a state of emergency. We are dispatched by the City Order. There is a giant  beast a harpy or something attacking the city. 
Dont worry, kid. We are on the way. It is not something I havent dealt with before barked Ramrod smoking his large cigar. 
The tanks and copters arrive and pull up near the Central Tower. People are scattering everywhere from the debris falling from the skies being knocked down by the destructive rampage of the giant harpy. The army corps set up their gear as quickly as they could. 
Get some trip wire and C4 all over the area. Clear all civilian and non-essential personnel immediately. Yells Ramrod at the top of his lungs as his puffed a large cigar. He put on his hardhat and held a black box detonator for the explosives. The portal faded and the harpy continues her rampage. 
The C4 is set, Sir yells Davis. 
Good, on my mark, we are going to blast that piece of space trash to kingdom come. 
Chapter 46
Why are you doing this? asks Tina. 
My dear, this is only the beginning. We opens portal to their world. The experiment is an accident , but the purpose is fated by higher powers. We are after complete control of everything and we have no rival who can match us toe to toe on our best day not even the legendary holder. He looks at James and shakes his head, a mere bum of a man.  
Wait, youre forgetting one thing says Tina. 
What is that? Asks Broad annoyed. 
Tina walks over to him and caressed his face and pinched his cheek. Maybe you want to take me for a ride. She speaks seductively and provocatively. I dont want to go back to jail and will do absolutely anything to avoid it, you know? I dont work for this bum of a man, beckoning to James. 
Tina, what are you doing? asks James curiously. 
He tried to get me to do some horrible things. He is abusive, vile, disgusting, using his powers he threatened to kill me if I didnt follow him. He made me get on my knees for him. Tina shakes her head pitifully as she speaks openly and Broad turn to her and grabbed her by the wrists. 
I may enjoy having my way with you.  , but now. 
Tina frowns then smirks as she beckons to James who saw her cue and started to make his way towards the sunstone. 
Broad saw him and released Tina as he reached out to grab James and the two men grabbed one another by the shirts and were locked in a sudden struggle. 
You fool. Broad yells. 
Ill show you who the fool is James swung at Broad and struck his face while Broad quickly recovered so she struck back. Then the two men exchanged repeated blows. Tina ran to the sunstone and removed the emerald from the back of the sunstone simultaneously shutting it off and stopping it from spinning and lighting up. 
I got it screams Tina. 
Get it away from here, yells James as he struggled in a blow for blow contact with Broad. James realizes he is not the stronger man physically , but tried his best to withstand the blows. 
Tina feared, I cant leave you. 
Go!!! yells James during the struggle. 
Tina ran down the stairwell all the way to the first floor and exits the building.  A young blonde girl with curls, about ten years old, sits in the nearby building happily observing the situation, as she is missed during the army sweep of the area for civilians. Tina stands outside of the building and looks around and saw the military station not too far away. She saw the harpy approaching from a few blocks away having seen her with the object. 
Oh, so its this that you want huh, you overgrown canary? She yells in a rhetorical inquisitive verse as she ran with the object towards the military group and the harpy began to accelerate towards them. Davis and Ramrod saw her. 
Who is that, Sir? asks Davis. 
I say clear all civilian personnel. Arrest her screams Ramrod. 
Tina ran over and saw that Davis and a dozen armed soldiers were pointing guns at her head. She put her hands up and stops running. Wait a minute. 
Madam, youre under arrest by the United States Army. Drop that whatever it is, says Davis. 
You dont understand Tina says beckoning to the armed soldiers as the harpy ran towards them and they all dropped their attention from her and aimed at the harpy who posed a much larger threat, literally. 
Fire says Davis and they all shot up at the harpy simultaneously without effect. 
Let me try. Tina says as she held the emerald up and twisted it slightly concentrating it towards the suns rays and a beam of golden yellow spiral energy emerged and shot up passed the harpy and opens the portal vortex once again. Damn, missed says Tina. 
Wow, says Davis. All of the men were shocked. 
Take this, you birdbrain. Ramrod pressed his detonator ignoring the portal vortex. An explosion erupted from the C4 before the towers and knocked the harpy back. Tina and Davis take cover with the other soldiers. Ramrod pressed the detonator again and again and again causing multiple explosions and knocking the harpy back towards the portal. Ramrod laughs as he pulls the explosive device triggers with a chuckle for each blast. Then the explosions stops. Damn, we are out of ammo Ramrod yells as his detonator did not function. I says more C4 next time, damn it 
Next time? questioned Davis. 
We are screwed says Tina as she saw the harpy furiously roar into the sky and begin to fly up to swoop down on them. Then suddenly as the harpy is swooping down towards their position, a bolt of hot white lightning flew out of the cloudless sky from another portal that opens up in the distance only for an instance and struck the harpy knocking her back and flying straight back into the portal waiting behind her. As she flew back, the large body and wings fluttered the air and caused cars to topple over and buildings to fall and the young girl with blonde curls, who is hiding in an alleyway between two buildings nearby overlooks by the sweep of the army corps the first time, is suddenly absorbed by the gust of wind and knocked into the portal with the harpy. The young blonde girl let loose a blood curdling scream as she fell into the portal and it subsequently faded. 
James looks down from the building office window at the horrible sight of the frightened young girl vanishing with the pernicious beast that almost destroyed his hometown. 
Yes yells Ramrod and all cheered in a sigh of relief. 
Awesome yells Tina who takes off and met up James during the melee as he is coming out of the building. 
Who is that girl? asks Davis. 
The prisoner? asks Ramrod rhetorically, you let her get away. 
Oh crap. No Sir, the little girl in the light portal. 
Time holds no bounds, young man. The town is safe. Well leave it up to the politicians to deal with the other stuff. 
Tina raced back upstairs to the office building and saw James. What happened to Staffnight? asks Tina. 
He is um resting comfortably. He beckons to the lying form of Broad Staffnight on the floor unconscious.
Nice fighting kiddo says Tina joyously. 
Lets go. says James. 
Yeah, we still have warrants on our heads. , but I got this. says Tina as she held up the emerald waving it into the air. 
Chapter 47
The laboratory in the basement of Temporo Inc. headquarters is big enough to house a dozen football teams yet is only occupied by two scientists. A short portly balding man approached a metal workbench where a petite young woman with large framed glasses and short brunette hair combed through several cards on the table. 
How is the examination coming Vanessa? 
Well, Sir she responds shyly. I am cataloguing the reference samples. I just find it fascinating that all the hours spent on this project and the end result is so unpredictable. 
How long have you been working for the company? 
You know I just started. She gasped. 
Yes , but you are not new to science. You know there are some things that can never be known fully. We represent a machination that has worked long and diligent hours on a way to harness clean energy and power , but we are restricted by the inherent ebbs and flows of space and time. 
That is why you are so brilliant. You are the genius credited with this new approach. She smirks beckoning to the cards and the immense amount of lab equipment on the table and in the surrounding areas spanning for the entire length of the large room. 
It takes a lot of effort he rubbed his head. It is a long shot using a modified version of Einsteins theories of special and general relativity with a magnetic wave leverage inhibiter to capture tons of energy from the electromagnetic void that surrounds the world. We can finally break free of the bounds of space and time and capture raw energy. We can end the worlds fuel problems and make Temporo Inc. shareholders very wealthy. 
And what will you get out of it my proud teacher? The young scientist beckons to her mentor. 
The thrill of scientific discovery is enough for me , but having my picture in the worlds science literary journal would be of great interest. I have always wanted to visit Stockholm. My research will surely place me in the top five physicists at the global level coveting the famous Nobel Prize. 
You deserve it she put the cards down and turns to her mentor. No doubt your theories on new age astrophysics will revolutionize the world we live in. Is it really the key goal to deliver a stream of particles directly from the jet propulsion systems? What about the threat of negative energy? 
It is the case my protg. The negative energy would simply evaporate into the void once penetrated. Our calculations were air tight. Its as if the knowledge of the ancients device is infused in me like a whatchamacallit, a shaman being possessed by a poltergeist. Scary stuff isnt it? He laughed. 
Oh yes. Kudos Doctor Antoine Denis. 
, but there could be the problems with the sub molecular quantum producer that created a truly profound and coherent effect on the temporal void. A single slip can be devastating he thought aloud. Even the slightest miscalculations in the equation could be enough to open an unstable rift to any number of dimensions along the multiverse theory. 
The beasts that attacked the city earlier could have been the result of our work, Doctor. What about the artifact? 
It is connected , but our experiment is to blame. Everything is going to be covered up now so much for the Nobel Prize. 
That beasts of immense size and power come from an alternate dimension is truly an incredible belief let alone a reality that is actually happening. Is it the end now or will more come soon from any point in space or time? 
It has already started!  
Chapter 48
That night in the city order room, Broad Staffnight and Elizabeth Peters addressed a crowd of city representatives including Chief of Police Brent Hightower in a private super emergency meeting. 
Damn it Broad, what happened today is inexcusable neglect. You exposed our city, hell our universe to something that we may never live down yells the Chief under the auspices of the fuming mayor and council. 
Mr. Chief and distinguished colleagues, what happened today is a mere oversight. We have has an unexplainable intervention and a variable not contemplated during our initial calculations. As a result we were taken by surprise. I assure you we will not let that happen again. His eyes widened. The U.S. government has expressed interest in complete control over Chronix Bay under martial law in the interest of national security says Broad. 
After what has happened recently, I cant say I blame them says Liz. 
We will submit to it under one condition says Broad. 
What condition is that? asks Hightower. 
We will implement a new system, which is why it has been proclaimed and ordered by this council that Temporo, Inc.s board of directors will govern the city when it comes to matters of extra jurisdictional affairs and as this involves beings from another universe, this falls within that jurisdiction. 
And what about these two derelicts who beat you and stole the device, Prescott and Timewalker? asks Cumberberry curiously, his hair grey and face more wrinkled with age. They know how to use it as they have done so. They could be anywhere in time or space.
They will be found and dealt with says Hightower. There is a triple net reward out for them, dead or alive and it will remain on their heads to last for five millennia if need be. 
And since the board of directors is governed by one, it has been determined that, that one is me.  All will answer to me with regard to this matter says Broad. I now control the City of Chronix Bay.
So be it. Chief Hightower nodded and all clapped in anticipation of the success he will usher in for them all. Mark Cumberberry snorted as he slyly sipped his cabernet in the corner.
Chapter 49
Near the city of Chronix Bay, out to the sea past the local ports, a small rowboat with a makeshift sail is floating towards an unknown and uncertain destination. 
James, what are we going to do? How do we know what we are supposed to do now? asks Tina frantically. It seems like only yesterday I is learning about it in college classes and books about this crazy topicdestiny fate , but I never thought we would be talking about this on another scale, in terms of other worlds and dimensions or times I say its crazy because it seems so ludicrous yet so appealing. Is this some type of social change or movement by these beasts? Is it meant to be better or worse? Just walking down the street or turning on the evening news you can see it is not getting better. It seems hopeless. There are a lot of questions and no answers. 
As long as we dont give up, we can succeed. We have seen a lot and who knows what else is out there. 
, but, James, I dont know if that is true , but I do want to keep helping and being useful  with you says Tina. 
I think we will be helping each other says James. We have been through a lot for sure , but I have a feeling we have only scratched the surface of what we are supposed to accomplish with this thing and for our sakes. There has to be hope if we have faith. He looks down at the emerald in her lap wrapped in a cloth, glowing brightly in the moonlight. 

















PART TWO

A SECRET DESTINY
			   








Chapter 50
Nighttime has a funny thing to it, thought Mercedes Gonzalez, a lonely individual adrift in the world. It has the tendency to make one second guess ones choices and also has the tendency to make one recognize the rightness of ones own innate abilities. Mercedes sits on a bus on its way towards a destination she never dreamed she would possibly be headed, not in her wildest nightmares, the U.S./Mexican border. She is of Mexican descent, mocha complexion, dark brown hair, tall, pretty , but not feeling she was, and speaks with a slight accent , but she is American, born in the United States, educated to middle class parents who struggled from their roots in a poor town near Juarez City to the hard work and perseverance of becoming citizens of the greatest country in the free world to give their children a better life. Mercedes felt like the odd ball of the family as her siblings, one older sister and one younger brother went on to college and further studies in law and medicine while she herself never aspired for anything passed high school and she embodied the blue collar working class struggles of many of her peers. She felt that maybe if she made a better choice to be somebody like her siblings and like her parents pushed her towards, she would not be in the predicament she is in now, a thirty-odd year old woman, single, childless, and having been arrested and convicted of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon, now being taken to the Mexican border under order of deportation because of some mix-up in paperwork she does not understand and despite her pleas that she is a citizen, her lack of proper identification resulted in the border patrol being forced to carry out their order. She wore a brown suede jacket and jeans and sneakers. Her hands in handcuffs in front of her as a prisoner of the state being escorted between boundaries like the others around her. She looks around the bus and saw empty seats, , but the ones that were full were filled with sad people just like her who felt wronged in some way by the system. The poor huddled masses that were picked up and swept back by the increasing alert of security and political slants against the illegal immigrant population were her new contemporaries on this sudden voyage of the damned. 
She regretfully and vaguely remembered when she is first apprehended only a few months ago when the process began journeying her through the system. She is going to a local bar in her hometown in California.  She is alone and hoping to meet someone to marry someday. She made her way passed the usually vulgar crowd of ruffians and drunkards who already has too much before happy hour is over. And she saw a young man in his forties, dark hair, handsome schoolboy look, and wearing a classic Armani exchange suit with golden cufflinks. He looks like he is very wealthy or at least comfortable enough to fake it so she approached and introduced herself, ignoring that he is talking to several younger girls at once. 
Hi, Im Mercedes Gonzalez. Whats your name? She sits beside him. 
Broad Staffnight, You look really hot. 
Thanks, she replies as she blushed, this old thing. She referred to the bright red dress she has on, a special at a local thrift store. 
Want to buy me a drink? She uttered. 
Sure. Excuse me ladies, Broad brushed aside his younger targets and escorted Mercedes as she clung to his elbow, to the bar. Two margaritas, He told the bartender. So tell me where youre from and where youre headed, doll? 
Born and raised in the west coast and headed hopefully to your place, handsome!? 
The bartender brought their drinks and they sipped them and talked more about their interests in local activities. A few drinks later, they were discussing going home and then a young woman with blonde hair approached and yells at them. 
I knew you were cheating on me you bastard. I dont want to see you again Elizabeth says. 
Wait, Elizabeth Broad scolded. 
What? Mercedes stands up tripping over herself over too many margaritas. 
Who is this slut? Elizabeth yells. 
Who you calling a slut, you Trollope Mercedes screams shoving Elizabeth back with both hands.  Soon Elizabeth shoved her back and the two women were embroiled in an amateur wrestling match on the ground of the bar. 
Ladies, please Broad yells at both women trying to straighten it out , but the wrestling switched to exchanging blows and Mercedes picked up a beer bottle that fell to the floor and smashed it against Elizabeth's head who then felt her head and then seeing her own blood on her hands fainted. Mercedes got up and looks around at the people looking at her and the police running through the door yelling hands up, youre under arrest. She is charged with aggravated assault with a deadly weapon and convicted. After that her inability to verify her identity and a mix-up in her paperwork made them think she is an illegal and undocumented Mexican immigrant and an immigration judge ordered her deportation. The process is quick and without question. 
Its like Im cursed. She thought to herself sitting on the bus. How could this happen? How come my parents couldnt stop it? I am totally screwed.
The bus came to a stop at the border and a chubby border patrol agent walks on and yells first in English then in Spanish that they has arrived at the border and they must exit the bus single file and await processing on both sides of the border before they can go home. Mercedes thought to herself, Im going to be homeless in a country Ive never visited. I cant believe this is happening to me. She walks out of the bus in order and is processed by the officer on both sides, asking her routine questions that were obvious to answer no to because she is in police custody, like do you have any fruits, vegetables, or other items to declare? And are you travelling with company? So she is released from police custody and detention into the port of Juarez City, Mexico. She walks around in the darkness of night fearful that she would be attacked or assaulted.  She has nothing of value nor any belongings , but the clothes on her back , but feared for her safety as she saw the squalor of poverty and violent muggings take place before her in the inner city so close to the border. No sooner than leaving the bus did she immediately smell the stench of marijuana smoke and tequila near the sudden burnt ash of a steel oil drum and she thought to herself, Oh my God, where do I go? There isnt even a church nearby. She did not want to fall asleep in any alleyway in such a dangerous part of town so she walks for miles until too tired to continue and the daybreak is starting to come. She saw a small farm house and walks over and knocked on the door. The door opens and a small frail elderly woman answered in Spanish, hello. Uh, my Spanish is not that great. Hello. I am looking for a room says Mercedes in her best Spanish fluency , but broken to say the least. My God, Are you American? asks the woman in Spanish. Yes, American, Yes responds Mercedes in Spanish smiling and nodding, do you speak English She asks in Spanish, When my son arrives, Juan Carlos. The older woman yells into the house in Spanish as she opens the door all the way and Mercedes entered slowly. Mama, I is sleeping, why did you wake me? A young man with a muscular build comes out shirtless from his bedroom, with short dark hair and a tan complexion. He speaks in Spanish and opens his eyes and sees Mercedes and stops in his tracks. Oh they stare at one another only for a second , but for both seemed like an eternity as they both found one another incredibly attractive. There is this American woman says the old woman to her son in Spanish. She needs a room for the night, I think. This is my son, Juan Carlos. 
Hey, you speak English? asks Juan Carlos. 
Yes replies Mercedes. 
Welcome, we got a spare room, only three pesos per night. 
Um, I dont have any money, its a long story. I can work it off. I can do housework and maybe fieldwork if its not too strenuous. 
I see. I think that can be arranged. He smiles and she nodded in return.
Chapter 51
The darkness stands still in the twilight of the secret facility not too far away from the farmhouse, in an abandoned factory. Figures moved around slightly disturbing the stillness , but something still remained that rendered it still and empty. Hurry up, lets deliver this stuff very quickly. A dark crinkled voice uttered in Spanish yelling at one figure in the darkness as a group of men in dark ninja garb stands ready to accept their mission. We are here for the item. One of them speaks in a hoarse and crinkly voice. 
Hey, Broad speaks to a number of men in dark suits and glasses with broad brimmed hats. I didnt think it is necessary to do her like that, setting her up. Why did we have to set her up too? Is it necessary? He adds nervously , but hiding it very nonchalantly as he is partially intoxicated. 
We must remember the essence of our existence. A dark crinkly voice emanated from them , but not from any one apparent individual. The last time is approaching and the project remains true. We cannot allow for any setbacks and for the truth to be, there must be a sudden return and certain events occurred in time. 
Right, I forgot. Broad says.
 They faded from sight as they vanished in the blink of an eye and Broad breathed a heavy sigh of relief.
Chapter 52
In the farm, Mercedes is working in a barn near the house moving bales of hay from the far end to the center for pick up. 
The days passed and became a week on the farm and Mercedes is already starting to feel at home, somewhat lonesome, , but feeling the brunt of hard labor on her bones and the heat on her brow. Sixteen bales for the sales. She says mimicking Juan Carlos words to her as she stuck the pitch fork in her hands into the hay and tossed it into the barn. She has rolled up her sleeves of her denim shirt to her elbows and tied her hair in a bun. She wiped the sweat off her brow. Damn, this is back breaking. 
I know, , but you look gorgeous doing it. Juan Carlos uttered as she turns and saw him with a wife beater on. She stared at him. He stared back at her. 
You always come fast at women like that she smirks. 
Only the ones that I like he smiles. Youre doing a real good job here. I think you are the best field hand we ever have. 
Thanks, I am trying really hard to impress you. All those years of night school for manual labor, , but I guess beggars cant be choosers Mercedes gasped. 
No doubt you will be great. Juan Carlos adds.  
Um Juan Carlos I saw some people that looks like cops asking questions nearby. Do they know about me? Mercedes inquired nervously. 
I dont think so, why? Juan Carlos asks with a curious frown.
No reason. Um... when do we eat? She uttered not thinking of anything else to say. 
Soups been on. Come in the house. Juan Carlos says. 
Thank you. Mercedes replies gratefully. 
Youre welcome smiles Juan Carlos. 
	Inside the house, Mercedes and Juan Carlos sits at the table and broke bread while joking about the simple life. 
Sometimes the difference between field work and house work is just a napkin away he tossed one at her. 
Thats true. I am so happy to avoid both, she laughed. 
Maybe youll marry me and become co-heir to Hernando Farm. He smirks and she looks at him with a shocked grin as she lowered her glass in mid sip and leaving a milk mustache on her lips. You have a little something he gestured with his finger on his lips. 
Oh she reached up , but he stops her with his hand allow me he leaned in and kissed her on the lips and they embraced as they continues the long passionate kiss. 
Mrs. Hernando walks in and stands in awe as she turns and made the sign of the cross. Oh my God, she says in Spanish and turns back and saw them still embraced and kissing.
Chapter 53
The winds blew over the country field in the evening hours near the farm on the outskirts of town, as Juan Carlos met up with several friends who were wearing the usual farm hand clothes, overalls and plaid shirts. 
So, JC are we going to do this or what? speaks one farm hand with a pair of coveralls on. 
I am thinking Pablo. You say this would be something that could help our future. , but its basically a cult, isnt it? Juan Carlos Says. 
Well, you in or out? Pablo uttered. 
My mom goes to church. Im catholic. I cant join a cult says Juan Carlos. 
You arent doing that. You got to be down with us. Put this on. Pablo throws Juan Carlos a black robe and outer garment with reddish ties. Put it on. He smirks and Juan Carlos held the suit in his hands and realizes his oldest friend is right. He would don the suit and join their group. 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
	Sometimes a man has to choose his own way and make a big difference in his own life and the ones he cares about. Juan Carlos searched the depths of his soul and piloted his own consciousness into the reality that is his physical self-embodiment in his bedroom that night as he walks back and forth, pacing in his eloquent pose until finally he broke and thought about his mother and what she would think. Then he thought about Mercedes and a possible future with her even though they just met and has not really connected. Could he be a good husband and father as a member of a group of radical religious fanatics? He thought to himself. I just want to feel like somebody again, he whispered to himself. 
Hey, Mercedes interrupted him in his room. 
Hey, he whispered sitting down in only his underwear and not caring if she saw. 
I just want to say, everything youve done for me how I feel about us what I want and what I think you want she broke up her thoughts before him. 
I know, he uttered. I want you too , but there is something bigger than us and I cant fight it. I feel I belong to a bigger organization with a deeper meaning. 
Nothing wrong with that, is there? She smiles sheepishly. 
What I am going to do may seem regretful or wrong to most people , but it is the right thing to do! I want you, but he beckons for her and she sits down on the bed beside him. I want you to know that I cherish you and want you to remember me as you knew me. They stared at one another and into one anothers eyes, into their souls. I want you to remember me for who I am before you now, no matter what happens. 
She shakes her head , but then shed a tear as she held his hands in hers and clutched them tightly. She knew he couldnt tell her more specifically what he meant and she is fine with it. Ill always stand by you! She says.  
He nodded in return hoping she meant it because his allegiance would be very costly.
Chapter 54
The next day at early morning, the rooster crowed over the small town of Javierita with a loud cock a doodle doo awaking everyone beginning the bustle of movement in the town square edging on through the busy day. The local church is preparing for its mid-morning mass as the priests blessed the candles and flowers for the ceremony carried by a couple of altar boys in a small procession to the chapel and the bell swung ringing in harmony with it. Dozens of farmers and merchants began their local run to market with their produce and wares. The stroke of local commerce enveloped the proper atmosphere as fruit pickers sold their wares and farmers marketed their livestock and produce to those passing by. The sophism of society wandered blessing those with modern philosophical tidbits. 
Open your heart to those in need. Time heals all wounds as does the good life. Then suddenly a loud explosion erupted near the church and flowers went flying into the air as the broken limbs of young men splattered the bloody mess on the steps of the chapel. Oh my God yells the monsignor and the old women in attendance crossing them. 
ALL ATTENTION BRAINWASHED MASSES. Yells a voice in a dark and crinkled tone, as smoke screens erupted and soon faded revealing one young man dressed in a black loose fitted suit, dark mask like a ninja wrapped around his face , but for his eyes, a red bandana around his head, and a red lace around his waist. He has silver daggered objects on his gloves as extensions of his fists and knuckles, and a large steel blade, a legendary scimitar attached to his back with a satchel. He gritted his teeth underneath his mask as he speaks philosophically , but vengeful. We are the avengers of truth and justice in this worlds saviors beyond space and time, protectors of the great treasure of reality itself. He jumped down and stands legs astride facing the mass of spectators gathering as they stared up into his fiery eyes behind a masks face and glistening suit of the shimmering black cloth.  The noise from the winds and roar of the people in sudden shock is enough to distract them as the ninja stands and reached into his satchel sack and he grabbed for an object inside of it, a small slender clear bottle and it has a rag sticking out the end of it. He reached for his lighter and lit it on fire, a blaze of infernal heat and tossed it towards the church in a single throw. The church caught a blaze upon impact and exploded within seconds. He began to light another and two more after that and threw them. The crowd ran in fear as the man stands and laughs with his hands on his hips proud of his actions. 
"Who are they?" Asks people from time to time who have encountered them to which the only response received was, and they are the Culto." The local police were baffled. They could not find out who was responsible for the attack.  And none were apprehended , but this violent group caused rampant destruction in the name of justice. 
	------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
They are the sinister of the most sinister as revered throughout the local community and hidden away in complete darkness until they strike in furtherance of their agenda, a sense of higher nobility for themselves at the expense of innocence lost and life squandered, they protected the artifact that represented the greatest secret and power of the ancient world, a might of a long-lost civilization, they are the forbearers of grief and sin , but their own honor and righteousness. The fiends who burned down the church are believed by local officials to be the heart and soul of this monstrous organization. This is Priscilla Montenegro, channel Nuevo news.  The Television set clicked off and Mercedes looks at it with a puzzling glare. 
 Theyre a cult? I cant believe someone would burn down Saint Rosarios. She adds. 
Senora Hernando, dont worry. They will be punished. I hear of the man who did it, a shadow of a man, dark clothing with red bands says Mercedes. 
He will not be found. The police are just as corrupt and justice will not be known, at least not in this world. Ms. Hernando walks to her bedroom. I am too tired to think about it. I must pray and then rest. 
Good night, Senora Delgado, Says Mercedes. 
Good night child. Mercedes stayed up thinking about how anyone can be so cold and calculating. She saw Juan Carlos come in. Thank God I found someone decent, she thought to herself, he is completely the opposite of the monster that attacked the church. 
Hey honey, she got up, smiles, and gave him a bear hug from behind.
Oh hey, I got to go, he takes out a glass from the cupboard and poured himself a glass of orange juice. 
Oh, where, Im done with my chores so Im all yours tonight, she adds. 
I got business meetings with some colleagues. 
Oh OK she nodded and walks away and sits down at the kitchen table. Im sure I will find something to do tonight. 
You can go to the movies in town tonight. There is a new chick flick on there and you might meet some good friends. 
Im actually pretty tired. I think Ill just say a prayer for the victims of todays bombing then I will turn in. 
Yeah, some attack huh? 
It is horrible, she got up and walks to her bedroom door and opens it. The attackers will burn in a special place in hell, for sure. She went into her bedroom and closed the door. 
Um, yeah Juan Carlos uttered as he walks out of the house. 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
That evening, Juan Carlos and his cohorts donned with their black robes and red satchels and bandanas gathered in the dry forest surrounding the outskirts of town. They have obtained coolers of beer, tequila, and traditional fried delicacies for a party. Gentlemen, today we celebrate our victory as we are becoming on step closer to succeeding in our mission and to grow as our organization has one new member tonight personally responsible for our achievement in the Saint Rosario encounter. Juan Carlos Hernando, my cousin and good friend. Cheers to Juan Carlos. The leader of the group raised his beer can as did the entire crew and toasted to their benefactor screaming yeah. 
Today we have some good food and good drinks and good women for our entertainment pleasure. My men come on and sit back and enjoy the dancing sensations and more of The Women of the River. A series of young attractive women began to come out from behind a curtain set up in the backdrop of the nearby forest and they were scantily dressed in bikinis and veils belly dancing before them. The men hollered in amusement and drank and ate heavily, trying to grab parts of the womens anatomy. Juan Carlos sits on the far end watching and holding his full can of beer. He has a severely depressed frown on his face. His cousin Julio, the leader approached and sits down next to him. Hey Juanito, whats up? You not enjoying the show man, I did all of this for you. 
Thanks , but I guess Im not in the mood. I got a lot on my mind. Juan Carlos grimaced.
You look like its a woman problem, man, says Julio. 
I think she is upset at me. Juan Carlos says. 
Who are you talking about? Julio inquired with a grin. Never mind, she isnt worth it! Come on lets get out of uniform to handle this party, Cousin. 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Juan Carlos takes off his Culto robe revealing his street clothes to the party as did the rest of the crew, traditional flannel shirts and jeans like most of the field laborers in town. Mercedes interrupts the party and comes running over the distance and finds Juan Carlos. 
What are you doing here? He screams as he grabbed her by the arm and pushed her aside. 
I followed you. Mercedes speaks frantically. 
Why? Says Juan Carlos as Julio looks at him with fear in his eyes that a nonmember is present and began to run away.  
Juan Carlos, I need you. I dont want to be without you. Please come back home with me. Ill stay here with you. I wont go back. Mercedes pleaded. 
Go back where? Anyway, this is not the right time or the place. He scolded. , but I feel the same way. They stared into one anothers eyes and saw peace as they recognized something that belonged to each other. Wait for me at home. I am almost done here. 
OK, she smiles and kissed him on the lips then ran off.  Juan Carlos walks back to the party and saw his cousin surrounded by other members who did not look happy. Whats up guys? 
That isnt smart, Cousin. You shouldnt have brought her here. Julio looks at him angrily surrounded by his fellow warriors arming themselves. 
She came on her own, how was I to know I was followed? Juan Carlos questioned. 
That type of incompetence is not a good thing for our organization. If some chick could compromise us, whats that to say for the police or worse? Julio barked. 
Worse? Juan Carlos uttered inquisitively. 
We got major enemies against us, higher forces. Julio screams. 
I dont understand. Juan Carlos shakes his head. 
Youre not supposed to, Julio smirks with his arms crossed before him. The bottom line is, Cousin that someone who is not a member knows about this place. We got to immediately relocate. 
She didnt see anything. Juan Carlos interrupted. 
It is not important, he yells in Spanish. She knows where it is. Weve been compromised and as I was saying, we got to immediately relocate he speaks angrily just in case she tells others and most importantly, we got to eliminate her permanently. 
No. 
Why man, you didnt mind blowing up the people who were at the church in the pueblo Julio says. 
Well Juan Carlos started.
You arent in love with this woman, are you? Julio asks. 
What if I am? Are you questioning my loyalty? Juan Carlos yells. 
Dont raise your tone. Thats a problem we need to fix right away. You cant I know you are the one to eliminate her. Julio says handing him a knife. 
 What? Juan Carlos questioned. 
Yes, you eliminate her. It is the only way to test your true loyalty to the club. Julio says. 
I Juan Carlos started biting his lip piercing it and causing it to bleed as he fought back the tears. 
If you dont eliminate her by tomorrow at this time, we eliminate you. Julio looks at him sincerely and Juan Carlos gulped in astonished disbelief. And your mother too.
Ill do it. Juan Carlos reluctantly replies. 
Chapter 55
In a darkened empty warehouse, far from the town outskirts, a group of warriors dressed in the ninja garb worn by the church attacker gathered before a single small television monitor that suddenly came to life with images before them and snow fizzing on the old quality set. Within seconds, a visage of a shadowy silhouette of a man appeared his face unknown and features not discernible. 
We are fast approaching the last time. 
My lordship, we have been compromised. We require intervention, says the leader. 
There will be events naturally occurring that will tend to shift the tides of change. Be patient. It is upon us. , but before the last time, we must have the object and its progenitor in full place. The shadow face observed. Remember your mission, the meaning of our findings, and your ancient philosophy. Your ancestors were Culto warriors and harbingers of the way of the warrior, protectors of the great treasure, seekers of truth, abdicators of light and darkness. Your dark master awaits and your destiny remains constant, to serve and uphold the truths of the past to protect all our futures. 
Understood, we will proceed as planned. We are taking steps to retrieve the device. The leader responds holding up a picture of a small box and the screen shut off. Lets get to work guys.
Chapter 56
That night Juan Carlos prepared a romantic meal out on the veranda behind his mothers house and set up stretched out Christmas lights and candles around the small table set for two, a single rose lay in the middle. Mercedes comes out of the house. 
Hey handsome, you wanted to see me? She asks approaching and pecking him on the cheek. 
Yes, come here he beckons and she approached. 
Mercedes realizes the setup of a romantic dinner by candlelight. I never thought I would have a boyfriend. I looks for so long , but... she stops herself, whats all this for? She asks. 
For us he smiles as he handed her the rose and held out the seat for her. 
Oh my, Juan Carlos, this is too much , but its very sweet she sits down. 
He sits across from her and started to pour some wine into their glasses. I thought it would be a good idea to go up to the hilltop after dinner to look at the stars. You have been working so hard lately and I wanted to express my gratitude.  Juan Carlos says. 
Oh it is nothing; I owe you guys for taking me in. I was pretty much homeless here. Mercedes commented. 
I know times are tough. It will get better you have as long as you need in our humble abode. Juan Carlos replies. 
 Thanks, thats sweet. She takes a sip of the wine. I got something to tell you. I am American. I was born in California and somehow got wrongfully deported and I dont have any way to get back. 
 Is that how the American legal system works? Juan Carlos inquired. 
Not really. I dont understand what happened exactly. Mercedes replies. 
Why didnt you tell me sooner? Juan Carlos asks. 
I just was annoyed and embarrassed. Mercedes replies. 
I understand. He grimaced. I want you to know that no matter what happens. I am on your side. Do you understand that? His voice coursing with sincerity and virtue made her feel at ease in even the most stressful of situations. 
Of course she nodded gleefully. 
Good, then lets eat Juan Carlos smiles. 
After dinner, Mercedes and Juan Carlos laid up on their backs out in the yard looking at the stars colorfully painting the night sky in the horizon overlooking the hills. 
They are beautiful says Juan Carlos turning his head to Mercedes. 
I think so she continues to look up. 
Do you know that one? Juan Carlos asks. 
I think that is the Orion constellation. Mercedes replies. 
Looks like El Sordado Armado says Juan Carlos jokingly. 
Hmm she smiles. 
What do you think? I got this job offer and I am not sure what to do. Juan Carlos adds randomly. 
What is it? Mercedes inquired. 
Its complicated. Juan Carlos adds. 
You can tell me. Mercedes says. 
I wish I could. Juan Carlos feels bad about his new life as a potential member of el Culto. He begins to feel for Mercedes a love so powerful like any he has felt before. 
You should weigh the pros and cons and determine whether it is right for you or not. Its just me , but I would take it if it offers a boatload of money Mercedes smiles. 
Thanks. He says wanting to tell her he is crazy about her from the first day he saw her and tells the truth about the Culto. He wondered then if it would affect how he really felt and how she felt and that even though they only knew one another a short while. The very thought of living without her is too much to bear. He thought this is where you felt the other person and almost needed them to remain alive. I realize that there are some things that must be dealt with alone. He continues. 
I can respect that she replies. I know I have has a soul searching moment once or twice before. 
Do you believe in the power of the stars having an influence on true love he whispered. 
What? She turns with a laugh to look at him, immersed in his big brown eyes for the moment. 
I think there is something special about the way the heavens interact in our daily lives and how they can bring two people close together and maybe, just maybe if you are lucky you can find that one person you were meant to be connected to. He uttered. 
Is that real or just rhetorical nonsense? She asks.
It is real. I felt it when I first laid eyes on you his slight romanticism is as strong to her as the compounding verb use in his accent. I have started to fall in love with you. He says. 
I agree. She replies , but.I didnt think this would happen , but it did. Wow! She finished her sentence and he kissed her on the lips for a brief moment that she felt lasted an eternity. , but then she felt herself grounded back to Earth after the brief flight of fantasy with him. I got to start thinking of ways to get back home, Juan Carlos.
Cant you call this home?
I dont belong here. I belong back in California. I got a life there, a job, an apartment, a cat. She laughed. , but seriously, I was wrongfully deported and I want to clear that. I want to find out that the people are who did this to me. Its important to me.
God works in mysterious ways maybe he sent you here for a reason.
Maybe, she thought for a moment. 
Maybe, it is bigger than anything you have ever dreamed about. I would miss you a lot if you left, , but I respect your desires to return home Juan Carlos smiles remembering the old adage that to truly love someone sometime is to set them free. 
Sometimes I feel my heart is in constant motion, jumping from life to life, experiences things that I was never meant to experience in time. Mercedes felt herself speak freely. I can be myself with you and be open. I like that a lot.
I like you a lot. I know God has a plan for all of us and put each of us in time for a reason. Maybe next time your heart decides to jump in time, you should remember that. You could look at your old ways with a new purpose. Juan Carlos adds. 
Thats deep philosophy for a poor farm boy. Mercedes speaks deeply. 
I try Juan Carlos smiles. 
 You could come back with me. She says. 
I cant. I dont belong anywhere else , but here. Its a simple life plus I cant leave my mother here alone. Juan Carlos adds. 
Well maybe we can work something out Mercedes smiles. 
Maybe, he grabbed her by the hand and they looks up at the constellation Orion together. 
Look, he does looks like El Sordado Armado says Mercedes pointing up at the view. They both laughed.
Chapter 57
The winds blew over the small mountain overlooking the rolling hills and the distant clouds evidencing a major storm on the horizon, lightning and thunder beckoning amongst the treetops. Juan Carlos donned his Culto uniform and joined his cousin and their crew of Culto warriors. The caverns were high up in the hillside regions of the mountains. 
Is this where the item is? says one of the Culto warriors. 
The legend says its right here, says the leader holding the picture as he led the small troop of four into the cavern. We are the guardians of the secret and are seeking our destiny. 
They approached a small cavern inlet and the leader reached into the rock face under a series of small stones and pulls out a box made of metal with painted red and black symbols of thin coding lines and orbs symbolizing their ancient right, a dagger piercing a crescent object with a flash of lines emanating from the center. There is writing, on the box, that is foreign to them etched in gold. The leader carried the box out of its hiding spot and opens it, retrieving from within it a small green pentagonal shaped emerald that glistened in the sunlight with five orbs etched inside of it. He held the object firmly in his grasp as it fit perfectly in the palm of his hand. It rotated and began to glow brightly unleashing a single beam of golden light swirling and vibrating in a rapid pulsar succession towards the back of the cave and within seconds the entire mountain started to shake, rocks fell from the sky, trembling noises rumbled above, and the mountaintop exploded in a brilliant blast as the gilded light permeated the air above them in a sudden flash making the entire crew cover their masks faces at the intense brightness. And what emerged from the rubble and soon fading light is a creature flying through the air, the face and wings of an eagle and body of a lion. 
Its the griffin says the leader. They looks up in awe at it as they exit the cave and saw it fly over them and head towards the town. 
What incredible power? Juan Carlos says.  
Come on says the leader beckoning to them and they began to run down the mountain after the creature, the storm on the horizon drawing closer to them. 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The storm is getting closer, yells Mercedes staring up at the sky in front of the farmhouse. 
Help me get the animals into the shelter. 
Yes Ms. Hernando says Mercedes running to help herd the sheep, chickens, and cattle into the barn shelter and then placing wooden crates and plywood sheets around it. They head into the house , but before closing the door shut, Mercedes sees an unusual sight, a weird looking creature flying overhead with long wings that look like an eagle , but it is a four legged beast. What the heck is that? 
Get in, child. The storm is coming. I am trying to reach Juan Carlos on his cell phone , but he is not answering, says Ms. Hernando. 
Mercedes looks out into the distance and sees a carrier truck with four men dressed in ninja garb shimmering in the daylight. She recognizes Juan Carlos who has taken off his mask. 
Oh my God, she ran out of the house. 
Where are you going? asks Ms. Hernando with a stern demeanor. 
Mercedes ran to the carrier truck rapidly approaching over the hillside as the storm commenced and winds blew rapidly over the fields. She fought her way passed the turbulent winds to the truck that stops as she approached it. The carrier stops near her. 
Mercedes, what are you doing? You shouldnt be here. Juan Carlos says. 
What am I doing? Why are you with these men? Why are you dressed like that? Theyre cold blooded killers. Mercedes screams sarcastically and angrily against the strong winds.
We dont have time for this Juan Carlos. Finish her now like you promised, says Julio, the leader. 
What? Mercedes backed away. Why did he say that? You want to kill me? She began to cry. 
Its complicated. Juan Carlos uttered looking at her teary face and cried himself. 
Do it, cousin if you really want to be part of el Culto? Screams Julio as he exits the vehicle with the others except for Juan Carlos as the others ran towards the far end of the town where the creature has landed and begun to wander. Kill her, Cousin, yells Julio in Spanish as he ran off with the others armed and ready. 
You want to hurt me. Mercedes looks at Juan Carlos in the eyes and with tears in her own eyes she began to back away. I dont ever want to see you again. 
No he grabbed her I dont want to hurt you. I was told to , but I couldnt because I am in love with you too and I want to be with you. I dont care if it costs me my membership in the Culto. I dont need it. 
They killed innocent people. Were you a part of that? Mercedes cried. 
I was brainwashed by their ways. I know it is wrong. I just want you. Juan Carlos uttered. 
Oh Juan Carlos she softened and embraced with him. The storm grew more fierce and louder. 
We got to go she says. 
Get in he says and she jumped into the carrier as he hopped into the drivers seat and chauffeured it to the house. 
They saw the creature grazing in the distance and the crew of warriors running towards it with weapons. The creature became defensive and started to rear up on its hind legs and back down as it is beginning to retaliate forcefully knocking them back one by one as they came and tried to attack it with their spears and swords. 
Mercedes and Juan Carlos watched as the creature maneuvered around them as the storm and winds blew fiercely and the rain started to come down in a torrential downpour. 
We should help. Juan Carlos says. 
How can we do that? Mercedes yells. 
They sits in the car pulling up by the house as the creature pounced on Julio with its front claws and squashed him like a grape, splattering his insides all over the field and the others began to run , but the creature flew up and swooped down in an instant grabbing one with its beak and piercing the warriors heart. The third stands in paralyzing fear as the creature reached with its beak and grabbed the spear from his hand then lunged forward and stabbed the warrior knocking him to the ground. The creature roars up loudly with a screeching howl in the rain as it stands over all three victims. Juan Carlos and Mercedes stands in shock as the creature laid its eyes on them and began to run towards them seeing Juan Carlos ninja garb glistening even in the glooming darkness. 
I think it recognizes you as one of them, Juan Carlos. Take off the suit Mercedes screams. 
I dont have any clothes under it he whispered. 
Run in the house, screams Mercedes. They ran to the door and banged on it loudly. Ms. Hernando, let us in please screams Mercedes again and again as Juan Carlos yells. 
Ma, open the door. They look back and saw the creature approaching and ran around the house. Juan Carlos knelt on the ground as he and Mercedes ducked down below the back of the house near the shelter. Will you marry me? 
What? This isnt the time or the place. Mercedes yells as the rain poured down on them. 
It wont be any better  I realize I want to spend my life with you. I think that is why we were meant to meet and why you were meant to come here. He speaks sincerely. 
I  she turns as the winds howled blowing at them and the rain poured onto them, his wet face before her and drenched clothes as wet as hers, their hearts racing, and eyes twinkling for one another as the griffin roars in the backdrop coming around. The answer is yes, but lets gets out of here!!! She screams as he smiles and kissed her on the lips. 
Come on, we are going to have to act like a true team to survive this. He got up and grabbed her hand helping her up and they ran around the other side of the house as they saw the griffin approaching them. They ran hand in hand in the pouring rain and strong winds to the open field where they saw Juan Carlos fallen former comrades. They saw something glistening on the floor near one of them and they were shocked to see a box that fell open during the struggle. There is a small green pentagonal emerald lying on the floor. Juan Carlos picked it up. What do you suppose? 
That is beautiful says Mercedes. Then as they admired the object and the five orbs etched into it, they both turn to see the griffin charging towards them. The griffin approached and they ran in separate directions trying to confuse it. 
Here, you want this? Says Juan Carlos as the creature ran towards him first stopping before him roaring loudly. You got to get to me first. Juan Carlos shouted as he moved back and forth turning his hands and the object rotating it unknowingly. Within seconds a beam of golden light swirled and pulsated out of the object and into the air before them. Whoa yells Juan Carlos as he tossed the object forward as far as he could and Mercedes ran and caught it with both hands. The creature turn to it as the light suddenly exploded between them and a portal vortex presented itself. The rain began to subside and the winds calmed down , but the roaring portal intensified in brightness of every color of the rainbow reflected from a hot white halo of light. The creature turns to Mercedes and ran to her. She turns and ran away yelling as she got an idea. 
Juan Carlos, Ill distract this creature while you use those weapons to get it into the light. He nodded in response without saying a word. He saw the griffin run and about to catch and snap with its beak towards Mercedes. He ran over to the beast and reached out and yanked its tail causing it to pull back and roar loudly turning with a sudden chagrin. 
Come on big fella, he yells as the beast turn to him with an arrogant glare of annoyance and charged to him. 
Mercedes called out to the beast Hey, come here. Look what I got she yells waving around the object and the creature turns in confusion. The creature snarled at Juan Carlos , but turn to chase after the object. It charged towards Mercedes again as she waved her arm out with a determined glance. Juan Carlos ran to the creature. Uh oh Mercedes felt the object slip out of her hands and as she fumbled to get a grip on it she twisted it and another beam of light emitted from the object and struck the griffin causing it to grow in size to thirty miles in height. Both she and Juan Carlos stand in shock at this immense creature before them. What the ? They uttered simultaneously as the creature maneuvered around one heavy footstep at a time. Mercedes strained her neck looking up. 
What do we do? Juan Carlos says. 
Come to me says Mercedes moving back as the creature marched toward her closer and closer to the portal of light and as it is inches away from it, it changed into a ball of light and is sucked into the portal of light that faded seconds later. 
That did it she screams as Juan Carlos nodded and the two ran to one another and kissed and embraced, the object glowing brightly between them in the setting dusk.  That night, time hung back the moon.
Chapter 58
The next morning, Mercedes awoke to the loud knock on the farmhouse door of the Hernando residence. She got up and walks to the living area and peeped across the room to the front door.  She did not realize she was still holding the green pentagonal emerald. She saw that three men in dark suits and sun glasses were talking to Juan Carlos and his mother.  She kept her distance and tried to overhear their conversation , but did not hear anything and one man removed a weapon from his breast pocket, pointed at Juan Carlos and his mother and fired a beam of concentrated red energy into them vaporizing them on the spot. Mercedes hears their screams and gasped. The three men look up and saw her and pointed at her. She jumped down the few feet to the ground floor and instantly ran out the back door. She hopped in the jeep parked outside and drove off. She drove and drove wiping back the tears after seeing her new fiance murdered before her. Damn you! She snarled out to herself as she drove past the city limits and closer and closer to the U.S.-Mexican border.  She didnt realize the three men were not following her and no one is following her. She looks beside her and saw the emerald object and the trouble it caused , but also the adventure it brought them and success in defeating a very powerful beast. She drove forward and passed the border riding into the desert of the United States of America.



				


PART 3

DEMONS AND ANGELS













Chapter 59
Weeks later, the streets of Chronix Bay were littered with the remnants of ticker tape, balloons, and confetti after a grand parade in honor of the heroes who save the town from the beast. The local newspaper reporters were reporting it as a miracle from God and some people in town were talking about government cover ups and other worldly visitors while others were grateful they survived.  In the midst of the central tower complex on the top floor, a meeting takes place that projects the hope and vision of the future of the city. 
My friends, speaks Milton Drax, brilliant legal scholar, thrilling adventurer, strong minded advocate for the wealthiest of citizens, and chief legal officer of Temporo, Inc. We are gathered here for one of the noblest purposes, participation in a quest unlike no other. He is a man of revere red excellence and fame, dark smooth hair, thin mustache, large scale ego, brilliant mind, and whimsical personality in his shiny expensive custom made suit and tie. He speaks to a conference room full of eager business people, politicians, and the police chief and commissioner. We have seen firsthand the evil that awaits us and we have an unprecedented opportunity before us. There is a threat to this city, nay, to this world unlike any other we have ever encountered as evidenced by an attack on our own downtown Chronix Bay and a similar incident on the outskirts of Juarez City, Mexico. We are being threatened by a force not of this Earth and we have to strike back fast with a preemptive maneuver before the next one occurs. I suggest a quest of our own. We invest in embarking on a pursuit for the truth behind these attacks. 
Are you suggesting we invest corporate resources to chase a witch-hunt? A seventy-seven year old and five foot man with a tight fitting suit rose to his feet screaming. 
Mr. Acherman, as acting chief financial officer you must understand that our purse strings are being threatened and spending money on this venture will be the only way to save money down the road as we respectfully feel, myself and others on this board, that we need to find out the truth behind these attacks and to do that we would find out more on the greatest possible adventure humanity has ever embarked on. Further disruptions are bad for society, bad for our businesses, and bad for humanity! He shouts and there is a loud eruption of applause from the board members on all sides of the room.  Mr. Acherman modestly sits down and felt humbled. 
Mr. Drax, says Broad Staffnight standing up and walking to the podium to stand next to him. Well says, you shall have your funding. The room erupted in applause as Milton Drax smiles near Broad Staffnight who smiles in return and shakes his hand neither man knowing the true purpose behind the others smile. 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
As the winds blew harshly outside, the dark pinstriped suits in the Chronix Bay County Courthouse were like silhouettes in the lighting as the guards out front let in people bit by bit. Attorneys proudly displaying their identification walking by the masses on line waiting for their turn by the great gargantuan titan of justice and infantry of the metal detectors and court officers checking bags filled with makeup kits and gum without even the simplest desire of finding some hidden arsenal therein , but merely creating the illusion of security in a system corrupted by fear. The line is filled with men and women in simple pedestrian clothing akin to inner city life. Amongst the chosen few walking past smiling at the guard who ushered him with a nod of the head, Milton Drax, Esq. He walks checking the time on his expensive Presidential gold watch increasing the pace in his step to the courteous awaiting of a young woman pacing back and forth wearing a Hijab, waiting by the elevators. 
Hello, Ms. Anderson, he put down his briefcase and pressed the up , button on the elevator panel. You know the judge is going to be upset over the whole bail jumping thing , but you need to be apologetic, sympathetic, show remorse, and cry a little, shell be lenient. He looks at the petite young frightened child before him, no more than seventeen. He knew Judge Makers is known as a hanging judge , but has a soft spot for truly hard luck cases. Dont worry, it is your first offense and you got ties to the community. He empathetically counseled his client and tried to sympathize , but he felt his mind wander as he is elsewhere and adrift in thought that maybe he is meant for something better or bigger, a higher purpose. 
He thought about Temporo, Inc. and the mission he has been authorized to pursue. Could there really be more beasts? Could humanity have opens doorway to a world beyond anything we have ever imagined possible? The possibilities were endless. If the theory on multiple dimensions is true then there were infinite possibilities. He smiles in reverence at the thought of embarking on the ultimate human adventure. 
Chapter 60
Across the world and throughout history there have been tales of legendary warriors who fight against all odds to defeat their foes. Often these heroes are faced with more than mere men, and are says to have interacted or fought against all manner of weird mythical creatures. Here are some of the stranger tales of how legendary warriors and weird mythical beasts have intermingled down the ages. Professor Davis Armstrong Kowolski lectured at the Punister Hall in Chronix Bay University before a class of young and eager learners, some of which were falling asleep and were seeking elective credit by taking his course in the studies of Ancient Cultures Mythology , but others, a small few eagerly jotted down every word. He knew they only cared about acing the exam and that his words were meaningless. He sighed as he turns the slide on the large device before him to change the image on the projector screen to those of several bird-like men in rapid succession.  Many cultures worshipped beasts known as the sky watchers or those who descended from above and taught humanity everything from our laws, our abilities to make fire, and our knowledge about space and the universe, even things like time. The oriental cultures have believed in mythical spirits known as The Tengu from ancient Japanese folklore that take the form of part man, part bird. They are believed to be protectors who came from above.  He sighed as he continues with the lecture expecting it to be long, his eye slightly veering towards the clock on the wall showing he indeed has a long way to go until the period is over. He smiles at his youngest student, his nephew Howard sitting in on the class at age ten eagerly doodling and taking notes on the topic of Birdmen. Professor Kowolski felt pride as he is watching the young Kowolski and potential future scientist he is molding. 
Inside the headquarters of Temporo Inc.s illustrious and elite Research and Development Unit, the corridors were lined with bright alloys, silvery and polished of titanium. The doors slid open parting upon approach and the lights fixtures were partially golden, emitting a rainbow of colors lighting up the walkways and corridors. The main hangar, thousands of miles beneath the surface is laced with narrow tubing. 
How fast does this go? Elizabeth Peters says on the elevator heading downward at superior speeds. 
Normally, 90 KPH , but can go up to 600 max on a good day says Dr. Malcolm Weeble, Broad Staffnights scientific attach on staff. We aim to follow the most stringent efficiency protocols when generating any new innovation, madam. We certainly welcome all inquiries as well. 
Thank you Broad says interrupting impatiently sensing Dr. Weebles obvious display attraction for his secretary Elizabeth and wanting to stop him from embarrassing either of them. Dr. Weeble, a short and balding individual waddled across the floor like a little penguin as they exit the elevator on the ground basement level. 
Come this way. He escorted them around a narrow bend of work benches and hardworking scientific geniuses in lab coats toddling over various inventions before them. 
Elizabeth is in awe at the amazing technology before her, some looks like everyday objects, a pair of boots, a hammer, a cape, , but each one Dr. Weeble assured her is a high tech top secret piece of equipment with a special purpose in mind. 
We tend to create a lot of sabotage in our line of work and that is why we aim to disguise our products so the real world out there doesnt become privy to this advancement as it is not part of mainstream development as of yet. We have a lot of high tech clients like the Department of Defense, US military, major computer software corporations The doctor started. 
Enough doctor, just show us the prototypes. Broad interrupted again. Tell us. 
OK, come here and see he leads them to a table nearby and shows them some items on the table, a small device that fits in the palm of ones hand that has dials and a screen like a cell phone, a set of keys with a joystick pad attached, a vest with spikes and plating of metal, and a long tube with muscular arm plating. 
This is a lab of wonder Elizabeth says picking up the hand held unit. 
Milton Drax walks over with CEO Mark Cumberberry. Drax walks over to the table where the gadgets were laid out. I see this party started without us. Drax says. 
Thanks for joining us Milton Broad says as he nodded to Mr. Cumberberry also. 
	The first item on the agenda is the multiplication piercer body armor capable of deflecting weapons of any source including withstanding its wearer through any known natural phenomenon. Dr. Weeble holds up the metal plated vest and demonstrates how a knife wont penetrate it. It covers the body and face from harm in a crisis. He presses the chest plate inward and it retracts a hood, long sleeves, and armored pants and feet coverings for the wearer made of the same material. With a second click, the clothes retract to the single plate for the chest area only. 
Fascinating says Drax. What else you got? 
This is an arm gun. Dr. Weeble holds up the long device. Its an offensive brand to go along with the defensive as one is not as good without the other. The device is worn on the arm and fired like a cannon. It generates electronic projectiles. He put the device on his arm and grabbed the end of it. It started to charge up by lighting all around it. 
Uh Doctor, lets move on. Save the demonstration. Broad uttered. 
Uh right there is one of each for each of you, next is the crme de la crme, a super ride here. He picks up and hands the car keys to Broad. I know how much it is important for the man to do the driving in the family. 
Thanks. 	
The keys are for whats in the garage, a super charged up and hyped up luxury vehicle equipped with the latest technology in electro kinetic trans-metamorphosis and multi-phase generator invisibility technology. Upon pressing the red , button on the keychain, the car changes to a well its a surprise , but you neednt take the car with you because when the time is right, it can come to you. It is called the XL Zoom Scorpion, he hit a , button on the keys and a small stop sign emerged from the side of the key box attached. Dr. Weeble clipped it back in. That is my mistake. 
Moving on Doctor Broad says with a look of arrogance and impatience showing that he is growing tired of the usual diatribe. 
Yes, lastly, all the technological wonders before you and more along with a full database of our super computers back at base can be accessed by holding this even from half way across the globe or beyond. This one is about as powerful as a cold fusion reactor or a rocket. Dr. Weeble picked up the small cell-phone-like device and held it out pressing the sides with his hand and it began to blink in a variety of colors like the room, controlling it and all around it.  The lights blinked off and back on. If there is enough energy, the power issue wouldn't be a cause for concern. 
How does that work? Drax says. 
Well began the doctor. 
Never mind now scorned Broad.
Wow, amazing says Elizabeth. 
Come on Broad says we got our equipment and we got our mission. Lets get our luggage. 
Already packed, Sir says Elizabeth. 
Were just an ordinary group of brave quest seekers, arent we? Drax says. 
Where are we embarking to? Elizabeth asks. 
According to our calculations the next attack that we are seeking will be in Turkey. Mr. Cumberberry says and Broad looks at him seriously and with a curious smirk. 
Yes says the doctor as he moved about to the desk we calculated it using the sunstone device and figuring the proximity of the next landing based on the triangulation of the last two and the projected origination points where the beams of light emitted from the sunstone landed. That device is amazing, it was built by the ancient Aztecs, amazing how a primitive culture developed it , but we know they must have has help, even then it must have taken decades. He speaks very fast and Broad began to lose patience.
Enough doctor. 
Oh OK thanks and good luck yells the doctor as the four walks away with the bag of new equipment in check and Broad led his entourage down the brightly colored halls.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
	The four coworkers led by their fearless leader Broad were on the relatively uneventful flight to Turkey, with a layover in Prague. 
Why couldnt we get direct? Broad says. 
Im sorry. It is hit or miss on the early bird schedule. Elizabeth shrugged. 
Well, you know this trek of Miltons, its a farce. This is a pointless escapade to quest the hell out of the object and beasts. He is out of his mind , but we have been obliged to follow through , but we are going to carry on our own quest. 
I read the report, boss. She nodded giving him the cute schoolgirl smile she gave him before with a wink. I will stand by you. 
Good!
Chapter 61
At the airport in Prague, Broad, Elizabeth, and Drax sits waiting for the connecting flight while Mr. Cumberberry is out. 
Where is Mark? Elizabeth asks. 
He has to go handle his business, I guess. Broad says shrugging his shoulders and then looking around. 
Within seconds, a loud scream is heard emanating from the back. Broad and Elizabeth rose to their feet and looks around. They saw a commotion unfolding in the distance and blood splattering. Broad saw a dark furry wing flapping in the hot air. Oh no he says. They ran over and saw in the far corner of the airport lounge, a six foot tall furry bat-winged creature with a long snout, wide eyes, pointed crooked horns, and hooves cross legged chewing on a human arm and having collected an assortment of other body parts surrounding him. People were running around fearfully screaming and panicking like it is the end of days and Broad looks at the creature with his eyes wide. 
Satyr, you are incorrigible! In public, you animal, you couldnt control your desire? Broad held his arms at his sides with his fists clenched before him. 
I cant help myself. He replies sitting there looking up while still chewing the flesh and dripping blood before him, his mouth slobbering inside and out with gore and blood. I havent fed in over nine months. 
Broad shakes his head and lifted his right wrist to his mouth and speaks into a small box attached to his wrist like a watch with a blank screen, we need a cover, situation critical, sector 333.2 I hope you know you are going to help clean this mess. 
I wont shed a tear for some pathetic humans who wanted to see the Bering Strait. Satyr joked sarcastically. 
Lets get this over with says Elizabeth this is grossing me out. 
Come on says Broad looking around at the gathering people screaming and running at the sight of the beast feasting on corpses. This is interesting. 
Minutes later the scene is clean and organized as dozens of men in dark suits has gathered throughout the area marching back and forth in specifically assigned tasks to make sure the news of the beast did not spread far or at all. They turn the airport lounge as if the event never occurred and the fearful public would never speak a word. Satyr has transformed back into Mr. Cumberberry and stands next to his trio of work colleagues ready to board the flight to Turkey. 
No more surprises, OK Broad says. 
Yes Sir Mark Cumberberry replies with a curious grin. 
In Turkey, the skies were smog-ridden and thick, scented like honey suckle, and burning of incense as the foursome made their way passed the crowds in the national airport. Loud noises were hears in the distance, over the yelling and screaming of passersby and honking horns of the vehicles in the intense heat of the humid laced sweltering weather.
It is unbelievably hot here! Elizabeth wiped her brow. 
I know. Lets get to a cab fast Broad says. Broad walks forward down the streets as they hopped into a waiting car with one thing in mind, his pursuit of the objective he began long ago, power, control, hopeless conquest. His followers, Elizabeth and Satyr in his human guise as Mark Cumberberry, followed him with their eyes and hopes on him as they trusted him and felt pulls to follow him to whatever ends he desired, partly out of fear and partly out of envy. Milton Drax is more energetic and carefree almost sticking his head out of the cab window as they drove by rustic and historical scenery of beauty and splendor.  He takes the time, like a flavescent bloodhound, to track down the most interesting and savor each moment and enhance his experience in this new land as he walks eagerly looking about at the cobble stone roads, the gorgeous marketplaces, the fruits and vegetables sold eagerly by happy vendors, the sounds of children playing in the streets, and the smell of fresh baked bread and pastries filling the air as each in and of itself is enough to fill ones heart with joy and bliss. He smiles as they rode to their destination, the Hilton Hotel at the far end of town. He looks out the window thrilled at the sights, the smells, the sounds, and the world around him. The communities they drove by were rural , but full of lively markets, cobblestone pathways, and foods of various blends permeating the air in scents of fresh bread, dairy, and meats. 
I wish we have time to explore all of this. He thought to himself , but remembered that they were on a quest and time is of the essence. Drax looks at Broad with a somber look as if expecting that what Broad is up to is not what he himself is anticipating.
After having checked into the hotel, Drax sits in his room holding a cup of scotch on the rocks and sipping it as he looks into the picture framed photo of a young woman with brunette curls and a tanned complexion, she wore gold earrings and pearls, and a naval uniform. He sighed as he shed a tear drinking his alcoholic beverage, damn, Christina. Why did I let you go? He dropped the frame face down and finished his drink. He rose and walks into the bathroom to freshen up. 
Later that evening, Drax walks out of the hotel smiling and dressed in a colorful tropical shirt with trees and skies, a mountain top, and he walks about in the wilderness of this new town, below the yellow sun and dark blue sky, a warm summer breeze and white clouds streaked across the endless sky. He stepped into another cab and rode to the far end of the other side of town as he held his golden compass. At the far end of the other side of town, they arrived at their destination and Drax looks up at a tall stone structure with turrets and long towers, resembling a castle, tall and dark even in the midst of day with tall clouds gathering around it. The cab stops and Drax popped up happily as he paid the driver and grabbed his supplies, his compass in one hand and camera in another. 
Wow, this sure is something. He smiles as he snapped some photos up into the skyward blue.  He felt something suddenly bump against his leg, ouch he yells and looks down. A small dwarf-sized man ran past him yelling excuse me he hugged Draxs leg and then tried to run off quickly running from something. 
Wait who are you? He looks down confused and saw the man look up, a full head of dark carefully combed hair, similar shirt to his own, and oriental complexion. 
Who the heck are you? The small man responds grunting. 
Im Milton Drax he speaks gingerly. 
Im Roy Roy Biggers. You look like you got a fortune in gold bullion. He snorted as he tried to run off. 
Well I do alright Drax nodded as he grabbed onto his small new friend. 
I am known as Pelador Pequeno. 
Little fighter is a great name. I like it. Drax says. 
Thats right, I know martial arts and boxing, he screams chopping air with his small hands. 
Drax saw that he is anxious to get moving as there were several uniformed officers chasing him. Drax saw this and pushed Roy behind him. As the officers approached, Drax gulped with a stern look masking his fear. 
Freeze, give us that little thief they uttered in Turkish. 
Drax responds in the same language be calm gentlemen, he is with me. I am a big businessman from America. How much does he owe? 
The officers explained to him it is a small amount by Drax and his corporate American standards of high wealth and posterity. Drax agreed to pay that amount back from the store owner that Roy stole from and the officers let him go. Drax sits on the steps of the castle-like structure with Roy and talked to him about his life and found out Roy Biggers was born in Turkey and is a sultry soul who is orphaned at a young age and abandoned and turn to crime to get by. 
I bet you have a lot of impatience he smiles sitting with his hands on his knee bent up on the steps, I can see you cant sit still. 
Just nervous, got the shakes add Roy , but thanks for bailing me out. He shakes his head nervously. 
I always wanted to tour this place. Drax adds. Its a castle isnt it? 
It sure is. It is something big and special. Roy says. 
Drax saw that Roy is kind of slow. Drax got up and smiles. Can you show me more in the castle? I want to take some pictures for work. 
We cant, its closed. Roy says. 
Yeah , but you can tell me if there is another way in. Drax says as Roy looks up at him suddenly still and as if stopping the apparently endless shifting of his eyeballs. 
Yes, there is he nods and smiles, I like you. Youre a good friend. 
The two men nod in recognition to one another and walk off towards the entrance of the structure, a giant wooden doorway twice the size of Draxs tall and muscular frame. Both men did not notice there is someone watching them who is as curious as they are and tall and stealthy. 
Nearby in the castle perimeter, Drax and Roy were confronted by a padlock on the tall wooden door. 
Its locked says Drax in a slow and patronizing tone. 
That is not the end. Roy smirks and pointed up to a small window and arched portal about sixteen feet above, too large for a man of average height , but perfect for Roy to fit into. I can travel in small places, like in the war. 
Oh cool, what do you think we should do?
Ill climb he shimmies up the stone wall grabbing each large stone block and making his way towards the window quickly in a matter of seconds and getting in. 
Hes good says a slight female voice from behind him and as Drax turn she saw a slender young woman with chestnut brown hair and blonde highlights standing beside him with her hands on her hips and sleeves of her white , button down shirt rolled up to her elbows and front tied revealing her belly and un, buttoned toward the top and she has a pair of knee cut jeans on. Very good she adds. 
Who are you? Drax speaks. Marina Swift she speaks slow and out of place in the touristic setting. You are an American businessman, arent you? She asks. 
Milton Drax, Im an attorney from America. He smiles as he held out his hand , but she kept her poise and tilted her head in curious amazement. Im on vacation says Drax. Then suddenly the padlocked wooden door revealed a smaller door within its frame opening from within and Roy stuck his head out. 
Come on Mr. Drax he yells, the plane, the plane inside this small wooden plane. He gestured to Drax to crawl into the small doorway. Drax looks around behind him and then ducked down and inspected it thinking he could fit in and he crawled in. He found himself in a dark room with some sunlight peered in and visions of cobwebs and dust covering the candelabra, chandelier, and furniture covered in drapes and glistening in the light. Drax is followed in and soon turn to find the young woman from outside who has crawled through the plane. 
Miss Swift? He uttered. 
Yeah, I just wanted to keep an eye out. You might need my help. 
Hmm he smiles and turns with his entourage into the darkness of the tall interior structure. The light suddenly popped open and Roy ran towards them suddenly with a smirk. 
I got the magic touch he laughs as the walls and lighting fixtures lit up. 
They walk in and to a back room where Roy showed them into a secret passage he revealed behind the pantry in the large fading kitchen area. He turns lever and a door opens revealing cupboards and behind it another door with a small stairwell deep into the darkness below. In stunned silence, the duo of Drax and Marina followed Roy down the long narrow stairwell with no railing and Drax felt like he is descending into the depths of one of Dantes Infernos nine levels. There is a hot white light with blinking red at the far end of the corridor before them. The stairway seemed never ending and curved down. Finally, they landed and within seconds a bright light became active at the far end of the corridor before them, nothing else, so they wandered into the opening about four to five meters wide at the end of the corridor and the light grew wider. Drax felt shivers going down his spine. He extended his hands into the darkness lit by the hot white lights and blinking red and there is a slight humming sound, a noise like a vibration instrument pluming in the distance. 
What is this place, really? Drax asks. 
Strange and mysterious place says Roy. The noise is louder as they approached and synchronistic to the lights in the former distance now coming up before them. Their perception of the light grew around them to envelope them and Drax saw the source of the light suddenly before him, an altar extending along the entire length of the meters long room and he saw it has some odd symbols in some language he is not aware of. There is an indentation shaped like a pentagonal object. Lights suddenly surrounded the altar blinking brightly as if on for a very long time. 
What is this? asks Marina, who identified herself as Roys sister. She held close to Drax out of fear. She is worried about her brother , but also for her new friend. Drax figured as much and assured her it would be alright. He is mesmerized by the object before them. 
I wish I knew, Drax responds to her previous question and looks at the object curiously and felt his hands grasp the warm air before the glowing lights. Drax saw sudden images appear as the light reached his eyes, he saw an image of his mentor Broad Staffnight holding a pentagonal shaped green emerald and beasts of immense power flying around killing people in the central square. He lowered his hands together before the lights on the keyboard to the indentation and pressed on it, his hands glowing in the stream of lights, a strange sound continuously emanated with the lights stringing along in harmony like notes on a melodically scale and sounding deep along the traditional scale. The images changed before Draxs eyes to four images in a row far enough to be recognized , but he did notice one Ishim and they were in some kind of ceremony with medals and honorary dignitaries nearby he recognized, the mayor of Chronix Bay, the president of the United States, local governors and statesmen. How interesting is this? 
Cool, like do re mi  Marina began and Drax looks at her with a smirk. 
I think its a high tech piano of sorts. Drax says. 
What piano? Asks Roy confused. 
Honey, thats a music maker , but it looks ancient says Marina. 
This is interesting Drax lifted his brow and then he raised his head looking up in shock as suddenly the room began to shake as a tremor activated the room in massive movement. Drax turn to his companions and ran up with them in hand. They headed up the stairwell back where they came from. As they exit the castle, they looks up at the sky and saw beams of light fly up and through the air around the town morphing slowly into three gruesome and ferocious beasts one a dog with three heads, another an eight-headed dragon, and the final one a large amphibian long-necked creature. They land on various grounds and buildings and begin a terrible rampage amongst the city. 
What is that? Roy screams loudly. 
Oh no, its beginning. Drax says. 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
In the hotel room, Broad sits on his bed looking at an arched-up computer display screen in his metal briefcase. He studied the images that popped up and remarked with his usual curious grin "this is interesting. Mark and Elizabeth sit at his side on the bed.  A shadowy faceless figure sits on the screen in an obscure background and emits a low-pitch crinkled voice, the last time is soon approaching. If we do not commit the full cycle by the eve of the next cycle, the last time, we will lose all hope of securing our position for the future. 
We will prevail, my lord. We have the object. Broad says gesturing to a box before him on his lap. It takes some doing , but we managed to retrieve it from the ancient one you sent. We will control the divine right of space and time says Broad. We will make the difference today. 
Be wary the voice continues there is one amongst us who disagrees and will betray our midst.
Let none be the wiser capable of stopping us now or forever in time. They laugh excitedly.  
Chapter 62
BOOM! The ground shakes more and more as one intense bombardment after another kept following as the bombings followed by another series that decimated the infrastructure of the town, rubble from the buildings falling to the ground, concrete spread on various levels, and the roads were soon littered with fallen blocks and building pieces of glass and plaster. There were several beasts approaching and spitting flames and causing chaos in their rampant wake throughout the town. The cars careened off the road and passengers screams in agony. Pedestrians wandered around running in all directions screaming at the immense horror as some watched the falling debris crush their contemporaries into bloody messes on the sidewalk. The sounds of pain and fear were permeated throughout the air. The three beasts roamed the town landscape rampaging stores and breaking through glass windows and stomping the stone cobble walkways as they roars in the mist menacing the populous and attacking with biting and scratching motions to the various citizenry. As Drax and his cohorts ran through the crowds, Drax recognized his coworkers coming out of a cab nearby the central square near a statue of Hermes of Greek myth. He saw Broad Staffnight holding a box with an object and as he opens it, Drax began to walk faster towards him stretching out his hand. Roy and Marina look at him curiously. Drax began to run and Broad turns and saw him as he grabbed the item in the box and held it out in his clutched hand, a green emerald pentagonal shaped object. 
You traitor screams Broad recognizing it Ishim who would betray them as he has left them and now is running to them in pure putrid shock and horror.  , but however fast Drax ran towards his mentor, he could not run fast enough. His vision he saw in the castle has come true and now Broad stands before him with his arm extended up in the air twisting his hand holding the object.  A beam of yellow swirling light emitted from the object twirling in both directions in the glistening sunlight, as the five orbs in the center of it were shine brightly. A portal vortex bursts open in the sky above them. 
Oh screams a woman running as the dragon jumped up and swooped down reaching with one of its heads and snapping at her swallowing her whole. The beasts moved quickly as they drew close to the vortex spiraling wildly. 
Our destiny will soon be complete says Broad. 
Marks eyes widened and his hands clasped before him with joyfulness to that end he could maintain himself. I cant control my form any longer. I must join my people. He yells and transforms himself to his natural form where his brown dark furry wings and snout appear tall form, and hooves, feet, wings, and hands. 
How do you do that so well? says Liz. 
I have been here a very long time. He flew off towards the other beasts. And the four of them recognized one another for a brief moment and stops their assaults and danced around in a circle. 
Drax stands still as he saw them and how they interacted apart from their attacks on humans; they were peaceful together if not for a brief instant. He thought if only the world could act like that. Then he saw Broad and Elizabeth nearby and the mystifying object in their hands. Broad moved closer with Elizabeth behind him wearing the body armor like him and holding an arm canon. She fired it up into the air towards the beasts, a heavy white fireball projectile emerged and split the air in half as it hurled up burning the hot flesh of whatever form it came in contact with. With a stern look she fired again and again. And as they approached the circle of beasts, the vortex came closer tethered to the object by the stream of light and the air around it roaring brightly. The sinister duo smirks wildly as they approached the creatures above oblivious to their approach. Drax saw this, something snapped in him, and he felt sorry for the beasts that were being targeted.  As they were being burned by the weapons blasts coming from Broad and Liz below and seemed helpless in their attempts to defend themselves against such advanced technology, he realizes he has to act to help them. He saw how they could live in peace like people and possessed some form of intelligence.  He knew he has to stop Broad and Elizabeth as he saw them firing up at the beasts who in turn hurled around in a maze of confusion before figuring out how to retaliate. He then ran to them. Roy and Marina ran with him as well. The movements at the time seemed slow to Drax as he ran to Broad as he is holding the object and Broad approached further causing the vortex to spin closer. Satyr noticed the vortex approaching and spun out of the circle and flew out of its range as he roars so loud the air shakes and the structures that remained trembled high up. The vortex subsumed the three beasts that did not make it in time as they fell within its range once it came close enough. Drax ran to Broad and jumped up tackling him to the ground causing him to drop the object. Elizabeth backed up in shock as the two men wrestled on the ground.  She saw the object land on the ground a few feet away and reached for the object , but Roy ran over and grabbed it first. Liz then angrily tried to kick him. Roy moved and Liz tried to hit him numerous times with her fists and feet. As Roy dodged each blow tiresomely, he fell back and is about to be stomped by her high heel.  
Marina ran over and punched Liz in the jaw knocking her back, you leave my brother alone. 
Drax and Broad wrestled on the ground back and forth you fool, Milton. I trusted you. 
I trusted you too, old mentor. Says Drax as he gained the upper hand and rested atop his foe swinging his arm back and looking at the glaring regret and eagerness in Broads eye as he punched Broad in the face rendering him unconscious, the vortex faded after consuming the three beasts transforming them into balls of light and sucking them into it, the portal fading as the beam of light tethering it retracted into the object. 
Satyr flapped his wings in the distance having observed the entire event and flew off, there will be another time. He flapped off flying into the distance of the cloudy sky above the disaster prone city. 
Drax looks up at the fading lights and sighed.  He reached for the object and looks back at Roy and Marina nodding in gratitude at them for their participation , but he then looks down in sudden relief. His head sunk then as he looks at the sky as the beasts were gone. He succeeded at defeating his oldest friend and mentor turns foe with the help of some new friends. However even in having defeated Broad, Drax felt that he has lost the battle in a sense in that in forgetting his hopes and dreams for the future he has helped his old friend succeed. He wanted a quest and in having his dream fulfilled he lost a lot. He wished that things were different , but he knew destiny sometimes has in store for each of us what we can hardly even imagine. 
In the nearby docks, a tall yacht designated the Crimson Tide sailed out, as evidenced by the name on its hull, and rode the waves. Aboard were Broad and Elizabeth sipping champagne wearing classical sailing clothes and sharing a platter of shrimp cocktails as men in captains uniforms and white suits serve them.  There is a tall screen on the main mast arching downward and the same shadow figure silhouette as before, speaking in a crinkled tone. 
The last time is yet to come. The voice echoed from the screen. 
We suspected as much says Broad. 
You have passed the ultimate test, Broad Staffnight, and we anticipate you will enjoy the next task very much. It is the strongest pursuit and the greatest challenge. 
Chapter 63
Milton Drax walks along the darkness into an empty room.  He tried to go back to the castle altar with Roy and Marina to bring the object to the altar as he figured it fit the insert on the altar being pentagonal shaped. , but the altar is not accessible as the corridors to the castle they discovered secretly were covered with rock and debris from the attack, this secret powerful treasure is now buried, lost to the eons of time. He left the object with Roy and Marina and headed to an anonymous location in the middle of the desert miles from any towns, in a single structure in the middle of nowhere. The door closed behind him. He shuttered as he looks behind him and walks forward again in the dark room, a pale blue light in the center.  He walks towards the blue light and a voice is heard in the distance.
 Did you come alone? says the voice. 
Yes, I got your phone call and I am here. says Drax. What is this about? 
Did you bring the object? asks the voice. 
No, I didnt its safe. says Drax.
It is not your property. Youre an officer of the court and owe a duty to return stolen property to its rightful owner. The dark voice emanated more harshly. 
I would if I knew who that was. Drax says.
. The voice is silent. 
Open the door now screams Drax. 
You will remain here. We need the object, says the voice. 
Who are we? asks Drax curiously. 
The destinies of many are overwhelmingly overcome with the thoughts of the one. We have a new mission for you to find the objects purpose. You must travel to the State of Florida where once Spanish explorers searched for the fountain of youth, you will find the objects true purpose there. It is life altering. The voice echoed. 
I guess I have no choice Drax stands tight fisted before the blue light where the voices came and he sighed. Drax let loose a heavy breath. Here we go. His thoughts melded into the silent walls now as the blue light faded leaving him alone in the darkness and the door opens electronically, leaving him a single and lone warrior adrift in emptiness.

































PART 4

OMNIA FAMILIA EST












Chapter 64
The moon shone brightly over the night skies in Miami, Florida, a boyish face looks up into the pale light of the darkness, his eyes twinkling in the midst of the twilight. He wore a bright red turtleneck under a brown jacket and jeans. 
James, yells Tinas voice from the distance as she ran over wearing a denim jacket with her sleeves rolled up and a pair of ripped jeans. Hey buddy, great news. I got a few hundred dollars in cash and some food and water for us. 
Huh? James turns from his still trance and smiles, what? Thats great. Where did you get all that money? 
Does it matter? She smirks. 
Oh no, you didnt do what I think you did? 
I just met a guy who could help us out , but dont ask, dont tell. She shrugs. We got to get going says Tina. 
I know. I am thinking about how far we have come so far. There has been so much. James says looking up at the bright starry sky, the constellation Orion directly above them shining brightly. 
Can you believe we made it all the way to Florida? That little raft is a tough little ship , but good thing that yacht picked us up. Tina says. 
Yeah, that is quick thinking with that cover story that we were newlyweds on a brief escapade out to sea. James adds. 
Yeah and then we were headed to Florida for our honeymoon, she smiles wide eyed. 
The same place they were headed to and we got these nice duds, how weird huh? asks James rhetorically. 
Is that any weirder than sliding and riding along the time way in style? She joked gesturing to their keen and funky disguises they were wearing and grimacing to the fact that they falsified their way through their rescuers delivery of them to the Keys of Florida state. 
Any weirder than trekking to discover the mysteries of the universe, he looks up at the stars and his eyes glistened. 
Yeah, we have a pretty cool relic here. I wonder what it is completely capable of wondered Tina. 
We might soon find out, dear friend, first we have to clear our names or beat feet down south. James says. 
Why dont we just use the vortex like we did in Brazil? It looks like it moved us through a vast distance and maybe time. Tina speculated. 
I think we should wait before we go playing with forces we dont fully understand. James says.  
True I got a contact I made through my John, I mean Good Samaritan she smirks I think he knows who set us up. 
How can you be so sure? This is Florida, quite a ways from Chronix Bay. 
He mentioned having some ties to our good old friend she gestured to James knowing he knew who she meant by the glare in her eye angered with a desire for revenge. 
Are you sure it is him? James inquired. 
There are some faces you never forget, you can count Broad Staffnight as one of them. I saw a picture in his office and brought it up. Tina adds seriously.
Cool good sleuthing buddy, you might make a good detective in another life. James complimented her. 
Stranger things have happened. Lets go. Tina says. 
As they walks down the street with their new disguises they stole, the night sky shining above the clean semi-suburban streets, there is not a soul in sight. Tinas spine shivered as they walk. 
Are you cold, Tina? asks James. 
Just a bad feeling is all. She held tight to him unknowingly grabbing his arm. 
Then suddenly as they approached an intersection, as if out of nowhere, six figures jumped out of the darkness. They wore black glistening cloths around their bodies and faces, shining in the pale moonlight, like ninjas, with red bandanas around their heads and waists, a strange symbol made of an unearthly metal shining off of their waistbands, resembling an ancient oriental character. Their eyes beady, dark, and cold, calculating as they approached and surrounded the duo in a pernicious showdown reaching out menacing them with their assault weapons, one with a Japanese sword, another with a medieval mace, another with a bow and arrow, and the rest with crescent daggers. The three with daggers were trying to stab their prey, acting as pawns utilizing their initial plan of attack. The duo is meticulously dodging the attacks, and running, evading, and trying to hide. 
Where did they come from? screams Tina. 
Wish I knew says James. 
You know what you have to do buddy! She retorted as she dodged a blow from a large sword barely missing her head and she rolled onto the ground. James flung his hands up into the air and waved them around feeling like a crazy person and then the six figures flew backwards simultaneously as if struck with a heavy force causing them to soar through the air and into the streets behind them, their baggy uniforms flapping in the breeze as they went backwards and hit the pavement. Wow! screams Tina. 
Lets get out of here before they come to. James yells and grabbed his friend by the arm helping her up and the two headed down the street running as fast as they could. The six men got up and composed themselves. 
The apparent leader picked up his sword and yells in a fierce and determined voice in Spanish, kill them!!! They ran after the duo in a triangular formation. The six chased them down halfway to the next set of blocks and one of the men with a dagger grabbed James by the scruff of the neck and held him down with the dagger pinned to his throat and two other men came up behind him and grabbed his arms and pinned them behind his back tying them with a knotted rope quickly before he could think to use his power again. Tina turns and ran to them , but is apprehended by one of the other men with the bow and arrow who pinned her down and bound her arms behind her back with rope as well. 
Uh she muttered as the man with the sword approached and reached into her pocket pulling out the green emerald object, its light reflecting brightly off the clear night starry sky. 
This is what we wantthis is what we want he speaks in Spanish with a dark and sinister voice as his cold dark eyes glared into the centered five orbs within the object shimmering in the mesmerizing light of the street corner. 
Why do you want this for? Its just an old family heirloom. Tina yells jokingly. 
The man looks at her and nodded, I says that this is what we want and we will take it. Now he speaks in English. He held his scimitar to her throat. 
OK, you got it she yells frantically, now let us go. 
No. You know too much. He adds harshly. You will die. 
No. Tina yells as she and James struggled for freedom helplessly. James, do something. She beckons for him to try his powers again. 
I cant he tried to move his hands , but is restricted by the ropes. 
This is the end, I guess she yells as the man with the sword pulls it out and struck her in the face and she dropped to the ground. 
Tina, yells James trying to run to them , but is held back by the others.  The man with the sword approached and James kicked out with his right foot to the man knocking the symbol off of his tunic , but the man, being pushed back slightly, kept going forward angrily. 
Now you die now you die! He yells as he raised his sword with his right hand and holding the object with his left hand. He brought his armed hand down towards James and as the sword came down to James face about to make contact, a large force interrupted the blow like a blur of yellow and red light knocking the man with the sword back. Within seconds, a figure jumped into the fray and danced around kicking each of the masks men knocking them back and then standing between James and Tina in their bound and helpless forms and the duos would be assassins. The figure wore a red suit that glistened in the streetlights, shining similarly to the suit worn by the ninja warriors, the figure wore a similar mask completely red with yellowish stripes and he has on a yellow bandana around his head and waist, a blue set of goggles and held a large curved sword with a handle on each end that extended with a flick of his wrist and he curved it at will as he battled with the sub doers of the duo as he came to their rescue. He has a strange symbol on his chest that resembled the mark on the tunic of the ninja warriors , but it is slightly different. He grabbed the arm of one of the ninja warriors as he tried to attack and swung him about over his head like a rag doll, and he quickly tossed each one without cutting them with his weapon , but merely knocking them back using his blade as an implement to defeat them without killing them. In a further array of roundhouse kicks and extended fist and foot maneuvers that appeared mechanical and artificial to the duo as they watched as he circled his way through the group and dropped them all. He stands over them with a proud sense of accomplishment and then turns to James and Tina and untied their hands.  The duo got up confused. The mysterious figure then picked up the green emerald object that fell out of the swordsmans hands and onto the ground.  He handed it to Tina and then with a smile he stepped back. 
Wait who are you she uttered as the man held a squared device his wrist and pressed a trigger causing him to instantly vanish in a haze of yellow and red light as quickly as he arrived. 
Who is that? asks James. 
I wish I knew remarked Tina. , but thank God for him.
 Then suddenly the six men also vanished in a quick flash of darkness and light combined. 
Whoa, Tina looks at James as he walks over to where the unconscious forms of the ninja warriors once lay and picked up the metal character that fell from the swordsmans uniform. I wish we could get some info on what this is all about, who these men are and why they are after this thing and why they would kill us.
 I think this may be a clue replies James holding up the metal character. 
At the Seneca Falls Public Library, James and Tina sits in a back room of the basement level with several old books scattered out on the table before them. 
Are you sure we should be wasting time like this? asks Tina. 
We should try to research this symbol. It may be important. The librarian says the symbol should be in one of these books. Not that I think the lead you obtained from a common criminal is of value, he smirks , but we can check it out later. 
A common criminal she uttered. 
Look he pointed out as he turns the page of a treatise on the occult and symbolic phenomenon.  This looks like the symbol he speaks softly. The origins of the ancient order of la Culto de la piedra tiempo...hmm. 
What? Tina asks rhetorically. 
James read the passage before him in the old book. And those who transcended reality and are the core purpose behind the religious mythology surrounding the ancient Mayan and Aztec cultures, the signs on that monuments of the people, they call themselves protectors of the people, we call them El Culto de la Piedra Tiempo. The symbols of the holy order he looks at it in a concerting pose and sudden silence.
Piedra Tiempo??? asks Tina. I remember from my high school Spanish classes that this means Time Stone they both looks down at the large green emerald in her hand and its curious abilities that they has the opportunity to witness first hand. This is what they are after, says Tina and the two thought the same thing looking at one another now.  
This is what they have killed for and would stop at nothing to obtain, the ultimate power that the ancient peoples of the Yucatan worshipped and the source of control over the entire world in the future, the key to time travel says James. So this rock we found is some sort of actual time machine?
The ancient cultures have been known as masters of time says Tina. The ancients has a whole mythology on it; they believed it is connected to the black hole at the center of the galaxy continues Tina. Wait a minute, so that symbol of the ancient Culto is the same one worn by these men, thats why they want this she holds up the time stone. 
James nods in response. Do you think we could travel in time with this thing? I mean we did travel in time with this thing?
Well, they say time is like a river so if it is possible, it could revolutionize everything.
Wow he says in response sheepishly.
So what do we do now? asks Tina. 
I dont know! , but it is interesting. 
Chapter 65
Sometimes I wonder what time has in store for us. I know its a complicated stream of consciousness and thought mixed with our own inner emotions of anger and fear, pride, lust, rage, sloth, gluttony, envy, greed, wrath. George Orwell once wrote he who controls the past controls the future and he who controls the present controls the past. Are we doomed to repeat our own fates as to that which makes us question our destiny? James thought as he sits outside of the library waiting for his partner to return. He thought of the possibilities with the time stone they has in their possession and what they already went through to get it, being only scratching the proverbial surface. From the past to the future the arrow of time shoots, he thought, is it really possible to shoot from the future to the past? He looks up into the clean dawning air. He wondered what it is all about. Then suddenly Tina comes running towards him with a large box under her arms. She is being chased by several of the ninja warriors, la Culto James yells getting up and catching up to his friend as they ran together into the desolate alleyways of the urbanized community. 
Lets get going! She yells and they ran passed the turnover garbage cans and bags in the alleyway. The group of six men ran after them in synchronism formation knocking over the dumpsters and stomping on the bags emptying trash onto the floor. 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
	About a half mile away, Mercedes Gonzalez extra taxicab in the middle of downtown Seneca Falls. She paid the driver with some crumbled dollar bills and slammed the door. Looking up at the commercial buildings nearby, she sighed, pushed up the sleeves of her brown sweater, and walks down the sidewalk. She carried a large purse around her shoulder patting it gently as she veered inside and saw the green emerald was still there, its five orbs center shining in the partial light from the daylight. She walks and wondered what to do next as she felt bad about what happened to Juan Carlos and his mother in Mexico and she knew she has to get out of town before those men in dark suits came after her and found her.  She thought how dreadful it was, the entire ordeal, and wept uncontrollably as she kept driving the carrier as fast as she could until she ran clear past state lines in Texas, Georgia, and ran out of gas on a small suburb nearby. She stayed there and did odd jobs for a while saving up some money before it dried up and she wound up leaving and wandering around until she found her way into a small dirt town on the outskirts of Florida and called for a taxicab to Seneca Falls where she was told there would be more solid work and she figured it would be far enough away from the men in dark suits where they would never find her. She walks down the street hearing a sudden commotion in the distance, a loud roar of individual screams and wild laughter followed by dark crinkled voices screaming in Spanish, kill them, Find them now! Mercedes saw two young people in their mid-thirties run out of the alleyway near a bank, a man and a woman, the woman has a box under her arm. Six men in black and red ninja suits ran out of the alleyway after them. She jumped back in shock and gasped as she saw them and recognized them from her last encounter with them. 
Oh my God she takes off running away from them unknowingly alongside the man and woman. How did they find me? She thought as they caught up with the trio and surrounded them forcing them to a standstill. The six men circled around the trio who saw the menacing look in their captors eyes that forced them back to back. 
Who are you? asks Tina abruptly. 
Now is not the time says James. 
What do they want? asks Mercedes rhetorically in a panic. 
I think we got what theyre after says James beckoning to the box. 
No, I do Mercedes replies motioning to her purse. 
We got to do something says Tina. The lead man pulls out a dagger and held it closer to them. 
Give us the Time Stone says the lead man. 
What? Mercedes asks. 
James and Tina looks at one another and Tina smirks, you want it? You got it! She tossed the box up in the air and the top flung open with the time stone flying out of the box and every pair of eyes is fixated on it. Mercedes is shocked to see another one. The six men lost their circular formation and scrambled to pursue the relic, including the man with the dagger. Tina pushed her way through the crowd knocking down two of the men with round house kicks. Mercedes lunged at one of the masks men and punched him in the face dropping him to the ground. As the others began to retaliate, James flung his right hand up and curled his fingers repeatedly summoning a branch from a nearby tree causing it to break off and flung to his hand landing directly into it and then with his free hand making the same repeating motion summoning and grabbing with his invisible reach the Culto warriors shining baggy black attire and propelled them towards him and then swung his left hand out with his right hand knocked them out with the tree branch and pushing them back onto the floor. Then he and Mercedes ran through the opening created by the melee and James ran across the gauntlet of Culto warriors lying on the floor, dropped the branch, and caught the time stone. The trio kept running together as the six men regained their composure and takes off after them. The trio got into an empty cargo van nearby that James noticed has the doors unlocked. He entered the drivers seat and before he could say anything he saw Tina has boarded the passenger seat and the new young woman who they befriended in the heat of battle is between them in the back of the van leaning forward on both seats. 
We better get out of here she says pointing through the front window at the small army of Culto warriors approaching them. 
Punch it yells Tina grabbing the time stone from him and holding it in her lap. 
No keys James yells and then as the Culto warriors began jumping onto the hood and pouncing on the doors, he spread his arms, and the doors locked shut and then he clasped his hands together and the car started and then he rubbed them together and it went forward knocking the Culto warriors onto the pavement behind them. 
Whew, that was close yells Mercedes as the van sped across the streets zigzagging every step of the way. 
Try focusing, James says Tina narrow and steady. 
James closed his eyes and imagined the road before him curving slightly and maintained a narrow and steady path as she advised him. The van narrowed out and maintained a steady path smoothly. 
Awesome, how do you do that? Asks Mercedes dumbfounded. 
Long story, replies Tina. This is funny how your powers are growing; they seem to be getting stronger, James. , but it is still confusing how they only work on objects not people. 
Yeah, its like I cant affect living things. Says James pointing to a dog on the street out of the window as they passed by and nothing happened. 
What are you guys talking about? asks Mercedes. 
Oh just, even longer story says Tina. My name is Tina Prescott by the way. This is James Timewalker. That is impressive how you handled yourself back there. 
Thanks, Im Mercedes Gonzalez. I cant believe they found me here. I thought all those guys were dead , but I didnt expect to see them here. 
Friends of yours? asks Tina. 
I ran into them before and it wasnt friendly, you? 
We have as well. 
Wow, I noticed the green rock. Is that what they referred to as the time stone? 
We think so, its an ancient legend worshipped by the ancient Aztecs or something. Tina holds it up, the five orbs glistening brightly within it. 
That is uncanny. I have one too. She pulls it out of her purse and compares it up close to the one in Tinas hands, the five orbs within both glistening brightly, and as soon as they touched, a bright flash of hot white light at the center of a yellowish haze struck their eyes, the points of a starry image nearly blinded them as both stones disappeared and reappeared merging into one. 
Wow screams Mercedes and Tina almost simultaneously.  
That never happened before! exclaims Tina. 
We never have seen two in close proximity before, says James. The single time stone remained within the hands of Mercedes and Tina. Mercedes let go and says amazing! The van drove forward with them in it as far as it could from the capture of the daring Culto.
Chapter 66
The sunny skies and winds submit to the air and blueness of the ocean overlooks by the loft of the corporal towers hotel in the neighborhood of Wealthier Excelsior, Florida.  Milton Drax stands on the veranda of the hotel suite where he stayed courtesy of his company and he sipped a margarita mix drink. He held his glass firmly as he veered over the distance and smirks. 
Beautiful view says a voice behind him echoing far ahead. Drax turnaround and saw the stunning form of Elizabeth Peters, her long flowing blonde hair and voluptuous figure mesmerized him as she stands near a table with an umbrella. She uncrossed her arms and approached. What are you doing here? She asks inquisitively and rhetorically. 
I work here dont I? He asks impetuously as he approached her and put his drink down on the table. 
After what you did in Turkey, I am surprised to see you here and that you have the guts to show your face. , but it is also quite  fortuitous. 
How so? asks Drax. 
Because we wont have to go out and find you she snapped her fingers and out of the hotel room behind the backdrop of swinging curtains in the breeze, came three Culto warriors who stand before her holding their daggers out at Drax. Two armed guards also came out and grabbed Drax by the arms and twisted them behind his back as one applied a pair of handcuffs to his wrists. 
What is this? He exclaims. 
Poetic justice, perfect harmony for a traitor she laughs as she turnaround and marched out followed by the two guards escorting Drax into the room and out of the hotel, the three Culto warriors following them with their daggers pointed outward fixated on Drax as they marched. 
In the darkness of a large-scale office room, the floors, walls, and ceilings lit up with red, pink, and purple lighting slightly illuminating the black opaqueness of the room. A group stands in the center with a large conference room table and chairs surrounding it, a large gilded throne like seat occupied the far end. Broad Staffnight, Elizabeth Peters, Mark Cumberberry, and Chief of Police Brent Hightower stands near a man with a large black hood with silver emblems of stars and moons and curves around it, his face completely concealed and his clothing like the armor of a medieval knight, purely in black, and hard and metallic. They stands in the room surrounded by dark figures in the distance and a with a monitor on the far end of the table opposite the throne and a visage of the dark figure that guided them and their predecessors in all prior meetings since the founding of the company three hundred years ago. 
I have not lived so long without knowing the risks involved in the actions I recommend. We must remember the scourge of the last time is upon us and we are quite frankly running out of time. Your chances to find the relic are growing slim and you must find it before it is too late. His hoarse crinkled voice made shockwaves throughout the room shivering the spines of many as he pointed around them on the small screen and revealed the dark figures surrounding them. 
We cannot act alone anymore says Broad. 
We were never aloneThe mighty Culto de la piedra tiempo. He pointed as they came forward and all stands at attention, dozens of them in synchronistic formation. They are the proud servants having served and ready to lead the fight against those, only known as the five chosen ones in the course of time, those who would threaten our mission, our purpose  our destiny!  
So we would do it says Broad and the others stand quiet. The visage on the screen nodded and then faded out. Then two guards entered with their prisoner, Milton Drax in chains. He wore a blue jumpsuit and full leg and arm restraints. 
Unhand me he screams. 
Well, well, well says Broad. My old protg has fallen deep indeed. He crossed his arms as he smiles to Elizabeth and says good job. 
Mark quickly transformed to his true form and snarled wildly readying to charge his foe. 
Calm down Satyr says Broad. Drax jumped back in the arms of his captors. 
You he says angrily. 
Well, Drax, now what do we do? We cant use you anymore , but cant free you. This pains me to see you like this as I am hoping to groom you for my position. 
I could never be as cold as you. Drax replies.  I see you even have Janus El Trefoil by your side beckoning to the man in the cloak, you could groom each other. The man in the hood turns his head slightly still concealing his face, and his hood vibrated glowing orange and white in a sudden sequence of colors. 
Our friend wishes that we do whatever is necessary says Broad. 
Justice will prevail. Law and order always win, even over ultimate evil like you. Says Drax determined. 
Just tell us where the time stone is and we will spare your execution says Elizabeth. 
That green rock? You will never find it. I saw the harm you can bring and wont help you succeed at it says Drax. 
You dont get it, you are done, youre career, and your life with Temporo, Inc., your dreams, your life in general as you knows it. Broad says. 
Well see about that, says Drax. 
Damn you Milton, you leave and you are through with us. We will never rest until you are disbarred, convicted, and living in a shelter. Broad screams at him pointing. 
Your connections may have helped you ruin others and maybe youll succeed in doing the same to me , but I know things about you Draxs eyes were as clear and thoroughly determinative as ever as he glazed at his former mentor proudly uttering those words. You use people for your own personal motives; you are an abuser and a malcontent. 
Youre wrong. We arent the ones who abuse people. It is about pursuing the highest ideology of success and control. The true power says Broad. 
Is that that you will tell those two homeless kids you set up back in Chronix Bay and the countless others who became pawns in your perverted cosmic game of chess  you are going to get yours Broad! Drax pointed to him with a stern look.
Well, Broad angered , but calmed down briefly I have taught you well , but I have not taught you all that I know. Take him out of my sight. He lifted his hand up and turns as the guards dragged Drax out of the room. 
This isnt over Broad. Not by a long shot. This is not over. He yells and is heard through the hall and heavy doors slamming shut as they escorted him outside. 
Too bad this will be the last time we see one another, old friend. Broad muttered as he looks at the empty screen before them and saw five figures standing, darkness became them, and they stared into him menacingly. The five chosen ones, it cant be. He frowns looking into the darkness thinking of his own mortality and dooming past and fate, despair. 
You know we need that time stone. That is the third we lost. There are no others. Elizabeth speaks sternly to her boss. 
That we know of, my dear, Broad looks straight with a determined grin. 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
In the deep, dark dungeon basement of Central Prison in the middle of Seneca Falls, Florida, Drax sits in a solitary jail cell thinking about his life and his failures, his successes, and his dilemma. He knew he is going to be killed in prison because he knew too much about Broad Staffnights operations and the true purpose of Temporo, Inc., and he welcomed death. He felt he has nothing else to live for as he slightly wept with his head slumped in between his legs. All his knowledge of the law and experience couldnt save him from the conspiracy of a thousand corrupt officials, prosecutors, and judges bought off and becoming pawns in the system owned by his former employers who work and deliver beforehand scripts for trials and discovery, and waiting to rubber stamp his conviction and order of execution regardless of the facts or the rules. He fell asleep thinking tomorrow would be his last day on Earth and forever certain of what destiny truly have in store for him as pure and utter oblivion. In the dungeon, Drax sits and wonders with his face cupped in his hands. His hands then slumped into his legs as he knew that Temporo, Inc. was with a fevered revered out machination that has its own private police force, could buy justice, and could buy government politics. He knew they could set up anyone in town and frame others. He knew it because he has done it before himself as he is one of them and he also knew of their vast resources.
The next morning, Drax is taken up to the decks of a loading area for trucks and cargo vans. He is being prepared with the usual chains and restraints to be placed in a transport wagon to head on a long trek to a prison in the far northern part of the state. He covered his eyes in the light, having grown accustomed to the darkness of the dungeon below and in an instant he saw an image, a silhouette of a man, a shadow protruding in the corner of his eye like a nemesis watching and waiting for him to reach some point in his life. 
Huh? He shakes his head and figured he is going crazy. They begin to escort him to the back of the van when suddenly the door swings open from the back swung from the inside and strikes one of the guards in the face rendering him unconscious as he drops to the ground. The other guard and Drax were suddenly stunned in shock and as the guard reaches for his sidearm he is quickly struck and subdued in the blink of an eye as Drax saw nothing , but a blur of red and yellow light. Then the light faded behind him and he felt someone materialized behind him, large hands gripped his and with one reflex action touch ripped the restraints right off his wrists and legs as they unlocked themselves and flew off of Draxs wrists and ankles striking the ground meters away from him. What the hell? Says Drax as his turnaround to acknowledge his benefactor , but there is no one there. Drax looks around surrounded by the empty hangar and looks again at the unconscious forms of the guards and knew he is now a fugitive. It didn't matter what or who set him free , but it is a miraculous intervention. He has to act on his own to get as far away from here as possible. He picked up the revolvers from the floor near the guards. He shut the back doors to the transport wagon and entered the wagon that has the keys ready inside. He started the engine and drove out of the already opens hangar door as he knew where he needed to go, where he stashed his emergency sleeping bag with the relic that Elizabeth and Broad prized as the time stone. 
A few kilometers away from the hangar base, James, Tina, and Mercedes are continuing forward in their stolen cargo van. They ride forward along many miles and stretches of road not heading in any particular direction , but trying to get as far out of town as possible. They each think in the silence that became the tense nature of their lives now, pondering about the whimsical realities of life and time as well as the hidden purposes of men, the stretches of where their individual destinies lay and what time has in store for them. Then they approached a tall building, with tall towers on either side, turrets surrounding them, and flags fluttering in different shapes and colors, faded with weathering and wear and tear holes over the decades, as its red brick surroundings formed a miles long complex that protruded above ominously to passersby long from any signs of civilization. A long stretch of brick road made its way around the perimeter. The backdrop of the Amnesty woods, known to locals as a haunted complication, resided around it and behind it; shrubbery growing into the brick structure as nature slowly takes over the signs of manmade architecture unkempt and unmaintained as well as around the large lawn before it and surrounding arched portal. The van slowly came up to the long road leading up to the front door. 
Wow, says Tina with a sense of ambiguous wonder hinting of fear. Its beautiful. 
It looks like a midlevel story tale castle says Mercedes. 
It looks like trouble says James as he opens his eyes and takes control of the wheel bringing the van around the long stretch of road looming to the side of the building. The van drove up the side of the castle. 
Meanwhile, Drax drove his stolen police transport across the grassy lawns and knolls nearby and he spotted the castle and recognized it. Magnitude fortress he uttered angrily under his breath as he approached the narrowing brick road towards the castle entranceway and around the back way. He retrieved the time stone and knew now that he needed to get in there as the top secret projects and technologies would be kept there and he needed to get a hold of them to get out of town and leave the machinations of his former employer once and for all. They froze his bank accounts and credit cards and dried up his assets as is customary for their standard procedure as he is familiar with them. He stops the van after pulling around the corner and saw another van pulling up near the side of the structure and stopping suddenly. How odd he wondered as he figured there werent any deliveries at this time of day. Who could that be? He uttered to himself. He saw the front side passenger door open and a young woman exit the car, long dark brown flowing hair and a radiant smile of innocence that hid a more ominous composure. He saw another young woman exit from the side door also, tan complexion and knotted black hair, she pushed up her rolled up sleeves higher and held her right hand to her eyes as a visor looking around in the intense heat. The driver side door opens and a young man with tattered clothing exit the car. He looks around and joined his companions. He drove up a little closer to discern their facial expressions and identities. He stops the van as his jaw dropped. I cant believe this! He parked the van and exited. He walks towards them with his hands in his jumpsuit pocket casually. He noticed the trio began to circle into the structure and were knocking on the big metal door on the side of the building. He followed them up the curving pathway near a courtyard keeping his distance to avoid detection. He saw them turn away from the door then and without warning a number of men in dark suits appeared from all sides and drew their weapons on the trio forcing them to raise their hands above their heads and lower themselves to their knees. The men in dark suits wore dark sunglasses and held long cylindrical silvery shining metallic tubes with small openings on the end and with a protruding handle resembling that of a gun. The trio did not recognize it , but knew it is a weapon and submitted to their captors. The men in dark suits gathered around them, one leader approaching and starting to pat them down when suddenly shots fired toward their direction and the men scattered. The trio rose to their feet and hid behind the van meters away. 
The shots continues and the men in dark suits looks around trying to find the source , but it seemed the shots came from all sides and the leader yells out its an ambush lets get out of here. None of the men in dark suits were struck , but they scattered about the streets. The trio came out of their hiding spaces after seeing the last dark suited man run off into the distance. 
What the hell is that? asks James. 
Shots fired says Tina. 
Are you a cop? asks Mercedes with a curious grin. 
Ha laughs Tina. We should get out of here before whoever fired those shots comes back. 
Its too late. Drax emerged from his vantage point across the courtyard. It wouldnt be safe to run off alone in these parts, now knowing that you are wanted man and women says Drax. 
Who are you? asks James. 
Consider me your benefactor. Drax walks forward nonchalantly with his arms hanging by his sides, sleeves pushed up to his elbows and he stops before them with a grin. 
What? Tina asks. 
Milton Drax, attorney at law. I noticed you guys from over there. I couldnt believe it is you. 
Huh? James gasped as the three of them looks perplexing at Drax. 
I recognized you guys from the Intel reports. We get them periodically on our handheld GREETS RD. 
GREETS RD? asks James curiously. 
Standard issue Generator Remote Electromagnetic Energy Telecommunications Scanning Radar Detectors, he held up his wrist revealing a square device with a screen and knobs and , buttons. , but this one doesnt work as I have been officially disconnected from the network. He says ashamed. , but I know things that can help you and have connections inside and know how things operate. I noticed you guys were part of our Project Relic even though you never knew about that. I know things about you your own mothers do not know. 
What are you? asks Tina. 
I am one of them or I was. Drax says. 
Why do you need us? asks Tina.  
Because I admit my chances of taking them down are better with help, a small army rather than solo. Also I know about your powers James as the legendary Holder of Stones. 
Thats what Broad called you, the Holder says Tina. And the Awondel tribe in Brazil called you that too. 
What do you know about that? asks James. 
Not much , but what I do know I will share with you in time. We must go. Drax says. 
And what do you mean you were one of them? asks James. 
I was one of them. The men in dark suits you have been running from and just encountered. They are a very ominous organization with ties to the high echelons of government and private corporations known as the Machination. Everything about them is classified top secret and they vanish as quickly as they appear leaving no evidence of their existence. Anyone who encounters them and talks ends up looking crazy because of the lack of proof.  Drax says.
They are part of the government? asks Tina. 
They are an ancient order and brotherhood who banded together long ago to preserve the best kept secret in all of history and know more and more as each time progresses. Drax says. 
Why did they want to harm us and you as one of them also? asks Mercedes. 
It is hard to explain , but it is just a job for me. I have no choice. Orders come and go and have to be followed. It is pretty militaristic in there, even for civilian personnel. I was saddened by the necessary evil that I was involved in. Drax replies. 
And you know us? asks Tina. 
I know more about your lives than your own mothers do. For example, he turns to each one and addresses them without expecting a response. James Timewalker, born and raised in Chronix Bay, high school flunkout, unemployed and unemployable most of your adult life, single, no children, homeless as of recently, and fugitive from justice as of the same. I happen to know the charges against you are bogus and you were meant to be set up to accommodate a bigger cover-up that the Machination wants to employ. 
No way says Tina and Drax turn to her. 
His partner in crime, Tina Mildred Prescott, college flunkout, rap sheet a mile long mostly for prostitution and petty larceny, some drug offenses, also single, no children, unemployable, and fugitive from justice. Ditto on the charges against you too as you both were meant to be patsies for the Machination. 
That is incredible says Mercedes. 
Actually incredible literally means not credible so I beg to differ , but while were on the subject, Mercedes Alma Gonzalez, born and in raised in Palo Alto, California and resided in Chronix Bay for a while then went back home, worked for a pharmaceutical company named Mercan-Tech as a lab aide and recently deported south of the border to Juarez City, Mexico , but you are a natural born United States Citizen. Ever wonder how that little mix-up occurred? Drax questioned them with a smirk. 
The Machination says Mercedes confidently. 
Exactly, they can be your best friend or your worst enemy if you let them and the latter is pure hell as they control the resources of this countrys economy, politics, and social welfare so they can make people, things, even places disappear or suffer all at their whim. They want to make someone disappear and its done. They can make happen whatever they want. They answer to no one yet somehow are accountable to everyone. They are them, it, they, the powers that be. They are beyond good and evil, above the law, and powerful beyond all in the cores of everyday affairs and one hundred percent untouchable. They are the unstoppable ones. Drax says. 
And you used to work for them? asks James. 
We all have our drawbacks in life, dont we? That is amazing how you know so much about us and never met us before says Mercedes. 
It is unexplainable exclaims Tina. 
Nothing is beyond explanation  or doubt. Drax says. Just like when you used your powers to get out of jail, right James? 
Wow how did you know that? asks James. 
I told you I know more than your own mothers know about you including the fact that you each have encounters with beasts. Drax finished his sentence at the sight of the trios shocked faces. 
Who are they? asks Mercedes. 
I wish I knew. I am not privy to everything they do. Drax says rolling his eyes. 
You knew about that though? asks James. 
It is no accident. They were all planned by a common foe you all have who appeared to you and continues to threaten your livelihood and your lives, Broad Staffnight. 
How do you know him? asks Tina. 
I knew him for a long time. We were classmates together and recruited by the resurgence group that precedes the Machinations legitimate corporate face, Temporo Inc. Broad says. 
What do they want with us now? James asks almost knowing the answer. 
You found something, a small crystalline device that fits in the palm of your hand, a green pentagonal emerald that shines in the sunlight and has five orbs glistening within it in circular formation. It is the secret of the ages and power infinitely beyond measure, a source of great turmoil that has been battled for by forces on both sides of the good-evil controversy and historically a treasure of the infiniteness and power of the universe. It is more valuable than anything. It is the Time Stone! Drax says. 
Time Stone is that what they want? asks Tina clutching her handbag with a perplexing look. 
We do not have a lot of time. Bottom line is that if you want to live and clear your names, you have to trust me. Drax says. 
Why should we trust one of them and why would you help us know? asks James. 
Call it destiny, kid. I dont know , but it is somehow meant for me to meet you at this point or we wouldnt be having this conversation. I just gave you a lot of information. Consider it a gesture of good faith. You have to trust me. Drax pleaded. 
Do we? Tina asks with a curious gaze. 
Look Broad Staffnight ruined each of your lives and he did the same to me. There is an old saying that the enemy of my enemy is my friend. We have a common enemy people so lets work together. I have resources you dont and can get you inside their operation. Drax says. 
We have to trust him says James. 
Look yells Tina pointing at the skyline and seeing the group of men in dark suits returning in a group of all-terrain vehicles running at them. 
Lets move yells Drax and the quartet ran into his waiting van a few meters away and haled inside. Drax and James crawled into the front driver and passenger seats respectively and Tina and Mercedes opens up the rear sliding door and jumped in as the van pulls away. 
We need to get out of here yells Tina. 
I know exactly where were going says Drax. He drove the van up the knolls and brick quarry leading up to the complex they saw before. 
What is that? asks Mercedes. 
The Tower Magnitude fortress, the secret lair headquarters of the Machination and the most heavily-guarded place on the planet! It is a series of stonework that lit up bright in colors of the rainbow spectrum as a tall series of unitary buildings spiking up at the top individually and all coalescing towards a central structure that is large and spiraling upward into the heavens disappearing into the clouds above the pale blue skies. Above the pathway is disappearing into the air and the surrounding stonework as it is within the lights shining brightly up and into the atmosphere. All structures appeared to be interconnected by an intricacy of semi-miniature stonework pathways. The quartet in their van rode up the brick road to the tall stone quarry at the center of the structure, the central complex. 
The men in dark suits in their all-terrain vehicles approached with a strange symbol that icon their vehicle hoods and on their jackets emblazed as before, a circular pattern double loop formation that embroidered itself on them as if representing them in every way. The symbol has multiple patterns and loops extending outward with five orbs at the center. 
We are heading deep inside the central complex. We should be prepared for the unexpected. We may have to do battle says Drax. 
You couldve explained that. Why couldnt you do battle? asks James. 
I didnt have an army before. Four heads are better than one says Drax as he piloted ahead of the pack of ATVs on their tail up the stone quarry and into the heart of the central complex. 
Were just regular folks, not soldiers says Tina. 
You could have fooled me the way you handled those beasts. I know trained operatives who would have failed at those tasks. Trust in your instincts. There is something special about you, all of you. You accomplished a lot and now I am asking you to accomplish a whole deal more that can restore your lives and save countless others. Drax says. 
Well remarked Tina as all three looks at him with sincerity in their eyes and a sense of a renewed pride. 
Lets go! says James. 
Chapter 67
The darkness of the main chamber within the central complex is illuminated with the colorful lights of the rainbow spectrum emanating from above an around in synchronism lines as the center of the room appeared to spin in the middle of the vibrating and whirling lights, as the individual solely in the center of the room, Broad Staffnight in his three piece suit staring into the flame of a lit candlestick, his dark beady eyes fixated at its core. The sound of Richard Wagners Ride of the Valkyries playing loudly in the background as Broad stands before his desk and stands in the immense boardroom office and after several fixated moments, he bore a still gaze as his thoughts raced about in his mind about the various projects his company was involved in and he is focused on, , but now the biggest project of all he sensed is coming, his thoughts manifested in a curious bold smile. Beep the sound of the alarm on his desk went off. 
Here Broad responds. 
There is some disturbance on the perimeter says Brent Hightower, Police Chief and Security Advisor to Temporo, Inc. 
Broad smirks wider anticipating an impending arrival, prepare the defenses says Broad. 
Yes Sir, out replies Hightower as he released the communication. 
Broad stands nodding into the flaming abyss it is time! 
In the open atrium of the central complex, a large red carpet surrounded by marble pillars and gilded seating and architecture, statues, and objects decorating the area like an expensive hotel lobby, a large-scale painting of the Sistine chapel ceiling replica raised above the heads of the many people standing in the center. Elizabeth Peters stands in the center looking up and around, surrounded by several dozen agents in uniform jackets and hats with various initials representing a half dozen federal agencies walking around with their equipment preparing for a major bust. Joseph Willibiggons approached wearing a long white shirt , buttoned up to the top with no tie. He snorted as he touched his small glasses 
Ms. Peters. He speaks in his usual meager boyish vernacular. 
What are we doing here, Joe? This is supposed to be over. This much heat. She speaks anxiously. 
We are almost there. It wont be much longer now. He grimace sat her as she squinted back curiously holding her gun up and cocking it. 
Well be hopeful. She replies. You ready to do your transformation act when the time comes, Mark? She says to the short man standing beside her complimented by his decorative jewel adorned wine glass. 
Always, he says with a smile revealing part of his face as his brow grew larger and dark brown with bumps and hair, then quickly reverted to normal always prepared!
Outside of the central complex, the large wooden and metal-laden doors were bolted shut and remained guarded by Jeremy Esteban, a muscular man with a black T-shirt and long dreadlocks buried underneath a tight knit cap. He gritted his teeth as he cursed the air around him exhibiting a foul mouth to his comrade, a petite blonde haired local police officer named Jonathan Wilson who is young enough to be his son who is standing beside him in uniform holding a rifle. 
What the man Jonathan, are we waiting for trouble or what? asks the taller man. I got an itching for a , butt kicking. He clamped his fist into his waiting empty hand. 
I suggest we wait further. Our orders were to look out for any resistors. Our whole regimen depends on it. 
I see some serious stuff in my day, a long stretch in Viet Nam, gangbanging in Compton, stretch in San Quentin, and even worked security for Mariah Carey , but nothing prepared me for the stuff they say is supposed to go down. How they get this smarts anyway? 
I was told it is a secret source. Rumor has it there is psychic power involved. Your long list of credentials sounds impressive , but if there is something otherworldly, then it will take more than brute force to prevail in the end, Mr. Esteban. 
Whatever it may be, I am ready for it. My daddy always says it is a fools choice when you went into battle empty handed and I got some knuckle sandwiches right here for them psychic bitches. Jeremy waived his fists in the air. 
I hope youre right. Jonathan adds. 
The tower structure of the central complex loomed down as the main citadel glistened in the dusking skies, and the pale moon shown bright blue overhead. 
The hour is almost at hand, the last time says Broad Staffnight on the balcony overlooking the entire complex. 
We do not have a lot of time left, Sir says Janus standing beside Broad. Janus has pale hands and a pale nose like a corpse and speaks with a dark and slurred mannerism. The moon is full and he period of night balance approaches. We must start the ceremony or forever lose our chance. 
Then let it begin says Broad and the cloaked man began to chant like a Gregorian Monk repeatedly as he walks over to the banister and lifted his arms up to the moonlit sky, the darkness began to grow and permeate their immediate surroundings as he waived his hands in circle causing blackness of smoke to build before them. By the rod of Cronos come forth.
We will find the Eye soon. It is being delivered as we speak Broad smiles. 
Having abandoned their van, the quartet led by Milton Drax walks up the stairwell after having entered into the side rear wall of one of the dozen tall front towers of the central complex. 
How did you know that door is open? It is just a brick wall asks James. 
I told you started Drax. 
I know I know you were one of them. James interrupted. Lets just hope they didnt change the locks.
They climbed the stairwell up to a black door with strange symbols on it resembling four lines crossing one another and curving in a circular pattern. 
Whats this? asks Tina. 
Hold on. Says Drax who tapped the left side of the door and it revealed a panel that has a series of switches as the cover vanished. Its a holographic projection only says Drax looking at the dumbfounded faces of his new colleagues. Drax flipped two switches and the door opened. Hurry, we dont have much time. Drax ordered as they entered a rooming closet filled with large weaponry and militaristic gear. 
We should split up to cover more ground thought Mercedes out loud. 
No were stronger as a group says James. 
Normally, I would agree James, says Drax , but these are not normal times. He stands up and cocked a large rifle-like weapon with a glowing orb at the end that hummed when cocked under the groin and grit of his determined stare. 
Cool says Tina reaching for a similar weapon. 
Dont touch that yells Drax reaching out. 
What? Says Tina as she touched the weapon and it began to blink rapidly and make a loud beeping noise. 
Drax reached down and tapped it on a different spot and it stops. Phew, you almost blew us up. He smirks. 
Oh my she gasped. 
Here, he grabbed a small pistol with a bulging tip and handed it to her. Always point it away from the good guys Drax smiles speaking slowly. 
Mercedes grab this one, he tossed her a body armor and pistol. 
Then he tossed another one to James. These weapons are limited editions sort of speaking. Listen carefully then lets go! He explained on how to operate them and where to go and they all split up into their respective assigned directions. 
Mercedes kept up the stairwell on her own thinking what she has done to wind up in this situation. She has come a long way from her initial predicament , but feels still young and hidden from truths that are apparently beyond her comprehension. I guess that is what growing up is for?!? She thought as she clutched the long rifle-like weapon in both her hands with a glowing orb on the end that illuminated the darkened stairwell before her and large black body armor on her torso and extending down to her groin area and up her neck and head. She felt like a football linebacker , but also as a thief trying to take what wasnt hers and insurrect an organization that she did not even know existed until recently. She is new to this life of crime and felt apprehensive as she approached the door to the long-awaited seventieth floor where Drax told her to go. He says it was likely every floor has high security and they have to be prepared so each of them is given a brief tutorial on using the advanced technological weaponry. Click, Turn, and Pivot she remembered his words as the lesson included some basic self-defense. She never imagined being a soldier , but is ready for anything and she gritted her teeth as she ascended the stairs. She reached the door on the left side and touched it revealing a panel of control switches that appeared as a holographic visage vanishing before her just as Drax says would happen. Whoa she reached out and switched the two switches up just like Drax told her to causing the door to open and a room of bright light to emerge with people standing in the distance on an array of red carpentry and gilded furniture design. She takes a deep breath and stepped into the room. 
As she entered, the group in the distance ran towards her. She noticed a group of men in blue jackets with hats and they drew their weapons. 
Hey freeze one yells. 
Oh crap she yells. As they got closer, she aimed her rifle-like weapon and pulls the trigger. The lit orb at the end released a loud humming sound and projectile of light energy separating itself and blasting forth in all directions creating a loud explosion sounding in conjecture with a blinding flash of light. Mercedes turns her face away and when the light faded she saw the men lying on the floor unconscious , but with no visible signs of damage to their bodies. A sole woman, Elizabeth Peters, is in the distance, having long blonde hair, wearing a business suit, and holding a large pistol. Mercedes approached and Elizabeth pointed her weapon at her. Mercedes pressed a , button on her armor and a flash of light enveloped her and made her appear to disappear. Elizabeth cursed under her breath as she knew it is a cloak of invisibility. Damn she uttered. Mercedes ran towards her hidden in realms of light and darkness, and knocked her down disarming her then punching her in the face rendering her unconscious. Yeah she screams. Then she felt something stealthily approach and before she could turn it pounced on top of her causing her to drop her weapon on the floor a few feet away that revealed itself visibly once out of her possession. She turns and found herself struggling with a mythic creature, the Satyr. He lunged at her with his sharp fangs and long snout and brow as they grasped one anothers hands. He can see me. 
I can see you, beast sepia vision he replies snarling and drooling at her. They rolled around on the ground as she desperately tried to resist his might , but his superior strength prevailed and crushed her armor like tissue paper causing the light bubble to disintegrate and reveal her frail form on the floor. Satyr flung himself back a few meters partially blinded by the light. Mercedes got up tired and caught her breath then saw Satyr coming back and flying towards her with his clawed hands outstretched before him. She reached for her weapon lying only a few feet from her , but she is grabbed by the clawed furry hand of her attacker and struck in the face seeing nothing , but unconscious blackness.
Tina and James walks up the flight of stairs onto the landing for the twentieth floor as instructed by Drax. They were tired and catching their breaths realizing they were desperately out of shape. They held their hand pistols and wore their body armors as instructed. 
How did we end up here, Tina? asks James. 
Who says we ended up anywhere? Tina replies. 
I know, just thinking of how funny life is sometimes says James. 
Tina smirks. Here we go buddy says Tina, all our hopes now. 
James nodded in response nervously and Tina flicked the switches on the holographic switch panel causing the doors to open. They ran in screaming at the top of their lungs and waiving their pistols around as a group of uniformed officers approached then with their weapons. 
Its do or die time says Tina firing her pistol in various directions not being able to control it and small red laser projectiles emanated from the weapon barely striking its intended targets. James tried aiming before he fired , but barely is successful in his attempts. The remaining officers approached and one tackled James to the ground and subdued him with restraints on his hands and feet. James tried to use his powers on their weapons and clothing , but he is restrained behind his back by the guards before he has the chance. Another grabbed Tina and soon both were on the ground with men piled on top of them restraining them. A large African American man with a tall furry hat and a uniform with numerous adornments and metals, Chief of Police and Temporo Inc.s security Brent Hightower, approached and gave a stern look to the captured duo, what brings this treachery? He asks rhetorically then radioed on his GREETS RD to Broad. Sir, we have the fugitives. 
Bring them here Broad says on the other end in a darker voice than Brent has hears him speak before, hmm.
Jeremy and Jonathan stand outside of the gates and hear the firing of weapons and commotion coming from within the citadel on apparently various floors and turns to one another. 
Lets go says Jonathan leading the duo into the door after activating a holographic switch panel on the left side of the door causing it to open. The armed duo raced inside ready for what awaited them. 
Drax walks up the stairwell stealthily to the thirty-third floor wearing his body armor and held his rifle with one hand as he used his handheld scanner with the other smiling at the glowing green and red light readings on the screen indicating to him the presence of multiple individuals on the other end. He triggered the holographic switchboard and opens the door. Then takes out a small box from his belt holster and pressed a latent , button on the panel before tossing it through the open door. Within seconds, there is a loud eruption and smoke spewed everywhere. He pressed another , button on his armor that triggered a mechanical extension of the armor to his face with a nasal breathing apparatus for artificial oxygen and lit up eyes glowing bright green allowing him to gain instant night vision. He put away his scanner, cocked his weapon, and he ran into the dark room and fired seven key shots in one motion and rapid succession from his rifle-like weapon at the officers within knocking them all down on target. He smirks at the mess on the floor and walks over to a computer panel connected to a giant wall monitor near a series of small ones noticeably spread throughout the entire room as the smoke began to clear. The monitors have images of pathways and screen shots of rooms throughout the entire central complex. He pressed a few , buttons on the touch screen console and up came a holographic projection of a series of maps and diagrams, lit up in green and red lights as if poised in the midst dark air above the console. He pressed the , button on his armor and the face mask came down. His eyes widened at the display before him as he saw a symbol in the corner, five orbs in circular formation, and the same symbol on those troops that were chasing them and the same one on the Time Stone itself. He quickly takes out his scanner and held it over the console accessing the information as he noticed the bar on his scanner move up in downloading mode and when it finished he looks up and hears a loud noise from upstairs. There is a spiral stairwell in the far end of the room and he hears thunder and loud rain and there is a loud voice dark and crinkled Gregorian chanting verses. He put his scanner away and ran towards the stairwell and ascended them to the metal door at the landing on top, the five orbed circular symbol incrusted on the door. He tried to access the holographic switchboard to open the door , but could not. Weird. He thought as he takes out what he referred to as Plan B, a small cylinder device from his belt holsters that extended two small sharp projectiles one on either end when pressed. He attached it to the door and it made a metallic sticking noise and remained there. He backed away and within seconds it exploded forcing the door open slightly. He pushed his way through to the other side, outside of the central complex citadel near a large balcony. 
Hurry up Janus Broad says looking behind him as the door exploded and began to shake to the entrance of the citadel and suddenly is pushed open. We have the object in place. Broad smirks looking at the Time Stone resting in his hand glowing brightly in the darkness, I knew it would be delivered. Broad smiles looking at the three captives tied up in the corner, James, Tina, and Mercedes. 
There is one power of truth replies Janus. Open the door into time and space, the grandest endeavor of all of fate. 
Then the door behind them busted open and flew off the balcony knocking both men back. 
What the hell? Broad asks. The bulbs in the small enclosure erupted and left them in only natural lighting from the moonlit sky. They looks up and saw Drax exit the door and onto the balcony. Drax looks around quickly and saw the two men he recognized as Broad and Janus El Trufio, the cloaked one, they were surrounded by computer consoles and a large ancient-looking altar with symbols on it all on the balcony and a large metallic awning above them as the rain poured a few feet away off the balcony, lightning visages flashing in the background to the sound of rambunctious thunder, even though the blackness of smoke filling the air and a whirl of yellow light suddenly erupt into the night sky rivaling the moonlight in intensity. He saw his new trio of allies, James, Tina, and Mercedes, gagged and restrained on the floor in the corner, their weapons confiscated. 
You are too late Milton Broad says snarling. I have what I needed he held out his hand and pointed revealing the green emerald device with the glowing five orbs in the center more brighter than he ever saw them. They intensified in the darkness spiking into absolute pure energy while their medium rested in his hand. 
The Time Stone says Drax. You dont know what youre doing. 
We know exactly what were doing. We are fulfilling our destiny, what we were created to do. The vortex is operational. Soon we will use it to control the fates of all humanity and rule the world. He raised his hands up into the air and handed the device to Janus who placed it on the altar. It is an actual interspatial-temporal flexure, a space-time rift, wormhole, and gate to voyages across space and time, bridge of the Gods, a bunch of names concocted over the eons , but all in all it is the truest power in the universe and it is ours says Broad. The glowing vortex above them roars in the rain dropping before it. Drax tried to rush towards his former boss , but Brent Hightower emerged from the door onto the balcony surrounded by Jonathan and Jeremy holding their weapons at Draxs head. 
Does not move, Sir or you will be shot, now lower your weapon says Brent Hightower and Drax looks behind him and complied with the command. 
Yeah, thats the way we do it old school boy says Jeremy. 
Hands behind your head and get down on your knees says Brent. Hightower 
Drax complied. 
Broad shakes his head. How the mighty have fallen? 
This isnt over Broad says Drax. 
No, old friend, the end is only the beginning. You know which is the better time? The next one he snarled looking up at the vortex. 
Its time, Master says Janus. 
Yes says Broad as he issued a few key strokes to the computer console before him and looks up with his compatriot as a large mechanical mechanism riveted and making a large screeching noise causing the entire balcony to extend upward toward the vortex. Drax knelt mesmerized by its shimmering aura growing closer as did his new team nearby. Brent and his team stand in shock as well. The lightning struck brightly in midair illuminating further the glowing walls of the citadel. The balcony kept extending upward until it is meters away from the event horizon of the vortex and kept going. Then Broad stepped forward and speaks we will fulfill our destiny he yells over the roaring thunder and rain pouring on his face drenching his three piece Armani suit and expensive hairdo as he passed the awning. The rain falling on him and all of them continues. Time waits for no man, he says as he is two feet away from the vortex and smiles into its glistening vibrations with a single word, Time and he vanished as he transformed into a ball of yellow energy vibrating intensity at its core hovering for a brief time of nanoseconds where his face indirectly before the flashing vibrations of yellow swirling light roaring in the rain and wind and he closed his eyes and became enthralled in it before being sucked into the vortex. Jeremy and Jonathans eyes widened as they saw the improbable, a complete matter-energy configuration right before his very eyes, and a theoretically impossible concept by modern scientific standards being transcended from an ancient artifact. Janus followed and is similarly consumed. Drax saw Brent and his compatriots were dumbfounded by the vortex so he rose up and jumped back and disarmed Brent by pushing up his gun hand and punching him in the face then head-, butting Jeremy and performing a roundhouse kick to Jonathan in one swift motion and all three men dropped to the ground. Satyr and Elizabeth ran through the door and up the extended stairwell created by the levitating balcony. They saw the melee and prepared to fight as they approached Drax. Drax grabbed his weapon and turn to his trio of friends and threw himself on them holding them all in a big group hug as the balcony rose up and they were all within two feet of the vortex and vanished transforming into balls of light vibrating at their core and within nanoseconds were sucked in instantaneously into the vortex. The balcony stops extending at that point and the vortex vanished. The rain fell onto the empty balcony. The Time Stone remained embedded in the large altar. The central five orbed circular symbol within the time stone glistened brightly in the moonlight.
Chapter 68
Time: 2,620 BC, Egypt, 3rd Dynasty, Old Kingdom
The blue skies over the vast desert terrain in the land of Egypt were intensified by the piercing hot sun over the small encampment covered with camel skin and rawhide. The Pharaohs' court is almost empty on the eve of the sacred holiday of the sun god.  In preparation, Silas Sanction is waiting for the deliveries of the sacred fruit to come. He sits in the Queens chamber while his apprentice entered the chamber and sits beside him resting a platter of decorations. 
"Well I sure am tired after the hike from the west side of the kingdom.  The fruit will be here soon." 
"It better be because it will not be tolerated if late , but to be honest that is the least of the worries. Have you hears of the bloodless ones, they are without mercy slaughtered?" 
"There have been rude awakenings indeed in the farthest reaches of the kingdom. Some say the end of time is afoot, innocents killed without purpose and those that saw the victims were as pale as ashen soot and lifeless without hope. It is says that there is hand in the demons or under earth themselves." He nodded in acquiescent horror. "Come now we must prepare for the festivities." He rose to his feet helped by his staunch comrade as they made their way to the court as the sun began to set. The festivities that night were everything he could have hoped for he thought that night seated outside of his bed chamber in the side district looking up at the stars.  He wondered often of other places beyond that which he called home, more specifically a vision of the perfect place and time beyond all truth.  
"You have always has a vivid imagination." A tall young woman came out of the darkness. I missed you. 
You should not speak of such ill-conceived things. He turns to her. Come sit and wait with me. 
I think we need to be honest with ourselves, Saragin, and confront the Superior Chief about our needs. She says. 
I have always valued your opinions my dearest one , but I cannot make such a request coming from a mere woman, it is simply not done. He replies. 
You dont have to tell him it is my idea. She raised her eyebrows pointing out the obvious. I mean who would know 
I would know he looks at her with a high degree of sincere recognition and yet admonition. 
Whatever it may be, it is not for us to decide , but the will of Ra as does the dawn that brings us life and sustenance every day. You are the highest priest for the Pharaohs court, acolyte and all. Nothing is completely without possibility or 
We will speak no more of it, Hashilda He started when suddenly a loud noise from outside disturbed their silent conversation. 
The sound of a thousand camel hooves stampeding simultaneously echoed in the distance. They veered outside and began to step out of their tent in the small circle of tents when they were confronted by large scale winds and torrential sands being picked up heading in their direction, a glowing yellowish hot white light circling in the distance appeared to move in all directions at once shining like a fire from the bowels of Hell. They ran inside and avoided the sands coming toward them , but remained frightened in still prayer as it passed. Moments later, the sounds of winds and turbulence stops and they veered outside in utter horror as they saw the calm desert as it is once again and in the twilight of the dawning sun stands what is not there before, a young woman with a slightly tan complexion wearing a khaki colored pair of shorts, shirt with her sleeves rolled up her elbows, a sun hat, and small round glasses, her dark brown hair knotted in a ponytail behind her, and holding a brush with her right hand standing in shock herself as to what just transpired. Saragin and his wife Hashilda were in complete disarray in paralysis at the horror of seeing what into them the impossible under the dawning day. 
The next hour in the central city, small , but growing with the regular nomadic commutes of the peasant class protruding together and individually throughout the markets set up in the local villas under one large square encampment over five thousand meters wide, a skeletal pyramidal structure rested in the center of the entire compound and appeared incomplete , but looming over the compound in the distance like a leviathan. The smell of dry bread and oily meats permeated the air and sounds of loud voices in early Egyptian dialects and the carting of livestock in small cages were hears throughout the square. 
What do you mean? I want two dozen for this. Speaks one man in Egyptian , but is refuted with a courtesy of the worlds common universal sign of failure to seal a deal, absolute ignorance. The people wore long gowns of different varieties, colors, and trends adorned with gilded and silver decor were some , but others plain and simple, clean were some and others were dirty from neglect and abuse as a result of extreme poverty, representatives of the various classes of status apparent in the combined social circles. Members of the Pharaohs court wore a silver pin with a half crescent moon and five stars encrusted representing the dynamic reign of Pharaoh Riana. The rustle continues throughout the morning. Nearby in a small enclosure, Drax sticks his head out into the market arena and whiffs the gentle , but still dry heat air. 
I love hummus he uttered, too bad we have to keep a low profile. He went back inside the tent and sits at a small unstable wooden bench with one on either side of the table before it. Tina, James, and Mercedes sits on the other ends and looks perplexed over everything that happened. They were wearing dirty brown long gowns similar to those worn by the local people , but even more dirty and more fowl smelling than most having picked them up from a discarded pile of clothes ready to be washed. They held cups made of wood with a hot liquid. A waitress and other persons wandered around the small enclosure keeping a wary eye on the sudden strangers, the quartet converse in quiet trying to avoid too much attention. 
We couldnt have stolen cleaner clothes? These reek, commented Tina. 
Next time well comparison shop joked Drax. We need to figure things out little by little he clasped his hands on the table before him. What do we have so far? Drax says. 
Not much says James shrugging. 
Im sorry; Im treating you guys like youre trained agents. Its just what I am used to. We value productivity above all else in my line of work. Time is our most valuable asset. I guess I got to stop thinking like Im leading a staff meeting for a group of operatives. He sighed. 
We are grateful for everything you did for us. Says Mercedes and James and Tina nodded in acknowledgement.  It just takes time to adapt to new things. 
Yeah James replies. 
Where are we anyway? asks Tina. 
I believe the correct question is when we are replies Drax. 
We actually did it, again. The device made us travel through space and time. The Time Stone did it says James. 
Again? asks Drax. 
Everything that happened back in the citadel is so strange. I still dont get it all says Mercedes. 
Me neither adds James smiling. 
Its complicated , but yeah, we went from the outskirts of Chronix Bay in 2012 to Egypt approximately 2020 BC. Drax says. 
Ancient Egypt, how can you tell the exact time? asks Tina. 
I check my watch Drax joked. Seriously, the scenery and position of the sun are dead giveaways , but also the symbol on the pyramid structure up there is the same as the pins on many of the socialites in town. It is one of the early dynasties. Its the dynasty of Pharaoh Riana to be exact. This is where the first people settled along the Nile Delta Drax says. 
 We went back in time? asks Tina shaking her head. Just like when we were in Brazil and wound up in Chronix Bay she adds. 
Yes, I suppose says Drax. We were move by virtue of the theory of time displacement, allowing for instantaneous fixation into the alien time stream no different than moving in an airplane to a new time zone, well maybe a little different. 
You sure know a lot says James. 
I am trained to be prepared for everything. Drax says confidently. 
Then why didnt you anticipate what happened at the citadel? asks Tina sarcastically. 
Well, almost everything. Drax smiles in response as he sipped his tea. We should get going. We got a lot of recon to do Thats intelligence talk for getting our homework done. We need to find out more specifics about what happened and where Broad is, and most importantly where the Time Stone is! 
Yeah thats true. They left the time stone on that balcony. I guess it is still there. I guess it will be. These damn past and present tenses. Tina adds. 
It definitely exists here. Our research found out that little gem has been a part of our worlds history for over thirteen thousand years Drax says. 
Wow that is pretty old says Tina. 
Yeah says Drax raising his eyebrows emphatically.
Chapter 69
James walks along the road near the town square and suddenly stops in a frantic malaise. He grabs his head and moans in an agonizing pain. His mind felt like a million sharp daggers penetrating him and causing him to drop to his knees. He felt the harsh sensation of a vice on his head and his vision became suddenly blurred as his sight became merged with his minds eye and then a flash of blue and black lines vibrated intensely before him, a tunnel of energy fast forwarding him to another place and time, a city dark and mysterious, tall skyscrapers not unlike any major urban metropolis and lights of various colors of the rainbow spectrum on the front and pinnacle of each building, a large dome-shaped citadel structure in the center. He recognized it as Chronix Bay , but it seemed more advanced, each building having cable wires protruding up and down the structures with shining shimmering vanguards sprinkled throughout the city with heights as large as the great wall of China and a series of roads that extended upward and around the buildings leading up to a launching pad. He stands in admiration as a ground passenger vehicle drove up the road structure and then left the road on the launching pad where it spouted a pair of retractable fixed wings and flew up off the platform, a pair of flames jet boosting the vehicle up into the night sky. Then in the midst of this miraculous phenomenon, a large explosion eviscerated the entire city leaving a fiery mushroom cloud of immense proportions in its wake. The blue-black tunnel raced back and he snapped out of this vision staring again into the dirt road he lay on. What the heck is that? He screams gasping for air and thinking that his abilities has taken a turn for the more horrific as he looks up into the piercing hot sun. 
The smells and sounds of the marketplace were robust and delightful as Tina and Mercedes walks down the make cobble path that led to the great arena as they were told. Luckily, Drax is a master of virtually all languages, old and new, by virtue of his extensive military and agency trainings. He acted as a subtle liaison and told the locals they were traveling merchants from the east and have lost all of their wares in a sudden sandstorm and were now seeking temporary refuge. 
We sure are lucky to have found these clothes to fit in says Mercedes. 
You call this luck says Tina making a sour face at the odor. 
We ought to be getting close to the great arena. Drax says there are tons of great deals we should be able to get with the little bit of money we could obtain in this time stream. 
Just what I always wanted to do is go on a spendthrift shopping spree replies Tina. What do you suppose the boys are doing? Tina inquired. 
Drax is negotiating for supplies we might need to scale the mountains in the far distance replies Mercedes. 
Mountains, what mountains are you talking about? This is a desert says Tina. 
He says they are many miles away and many days, possibly weeks in travel. 
What? Thats crazy. Tina uttered. 
, but he seems to think its the best place to hide from Broad because of the advanced mineral deposits in the regional rock face, something triluthicate or something like that. I dont remember. Mineralogy is not my field. 
What is your field? asks Tina seriously. 
Biology and Technology says Mercedes smiling. Anyway, he also thinks the deposits indicate it might be the perfect place for the time stone to be. Without that relic, we cant get back home. 
Lets hope we are able to prevail says Tina. 
They arrived at a large tent with several small wooden pillars out front and a series of merchandise that has been placed out on a table before it, gold jewelry and adornments, frankincense, myrrh, and silk. They approached in astonishment at the array of goods. An old man sits tending the small table and smiles at them, his front row teeth missing, to the gasp of the two women. They saw people walking in and out of the tent larger than many others seen in the entire village. The sunlight briefly wiggled inside the tent and there were an astonishing apparent several rows of items from food to homemade trade, glass ware products on the other tables inside the tent, and several other items of local interest. The two women entered as if in a daze. Then suddenly, something brushed by in between them and they quickly noticed it is a woman dressed in a long brown gown with a white scarf around her face and head. Im sorry she uttered as she made her way away from the tent. Seconds later, a large muscular man with a somewhat thorough beard and long hair underneath a white turban, bear chest surrounded by a loose fitting vest, and bag in his hands ran out screaming in early ancient Egyptian dialect as he chased after the young woman clenching his fists. 
What the heck? Mercedes asks. 
Lets go says Tina chasing after them. 
Where are you going? asks Mercedes rhetorically throwing her hands up. 
Opportunity knocks Tina yells from the distance while running. Mercedes ran after her. Were going to get in so much trouble with her.
Tina and Mercedes chased after the man and woman into another tent on the far end of the grand arena square. They entered announcing themselves. 
Hello, says Tina as she walks closely , but the neither the woman nor the big man is not in sight in the small quarters. The living room is plain and clean kept, notwithstanding the hot sands underneath their sandaled feet. 
They turn towards a separate tent isolated yet connected and a woman came out and looks at them, what are you doing here? It did not take them long to realize that it is the same woman who nearly knocked them down. 
You speak English? asks Tina rhetorically. 
Yeah, so do you says the woman. 
Were not from around here says Mercedes and we wager neither are you. 
No, says the woman removing the white scarf from her head and face revealing her fine dark hair, tan complexion, and deep brown eyes. She looks to be about thirty years of age. She has some bruising on her left cheek. Both Tina and Mercedes stand in awe as she is an exceedingly beautiful woman. 
Is your husband home, Maam, the big guy who left after you in the market? asks Mercedes. 
He is not my husband. 
Sorry. Mercedes says. 
He is more like my master. I was not aware women have no rights here, we are considered property belonging to the first man who wants you and claims you, and you have no say in the matter. I was taken by this man and forced to live in his home subject to being beaten, raped, or starved at a whim. She shakes her head wildly and shedding tears while walking over to the window. I am like a prisoner here. , but this is the law of the land. If I were you, I would watch out. It is too late for me. She shakes her head. 
No, maybe we can help says Tina. 
We have a way out of here. 
Really she veered her head back. 
Im Tina and this is Mercedes, what is your name? 
Jenny she turnaround and looks at them directly.  My name is Jenny Marte.  
Nice to meet you nodded Tina with a smile and Jenny reciprocated. 
How did you get here anyway? asks Mercedes curiously. 
I still dont know. She turns around and looks at them with an unexplained fear in her eyes. I was on a dig in Egypt excavating a tomb of a long since dead king and then there was a loud noise and a bright flashing and swirling light. Something grabbed me and I felt like I was being torn into pieces and surrounded by light everywhere, conscious of nothing , but light, then it lasted for only a few moments before I was finding myself standing in the middle of a sandstorm and when it faded, I was still in the desert , but the environment is completely different. An elderly couple nearby saw me collapse to the ground and takes me in and nourished me. I was with them for a few days and couldnt get a straight answer because of the high position of the old man in the nearby government. I didnt understand their culture , but I speak their language. Eventually, I left on my own and found this place. I wasnt here for more than a few hours before Habarsh takes me as his wife if you can call it that. He speaks in the same language. I understand it and I gathered from my interactions with him that he didnt have anyone else and I was his first and would start his harem for him. I have been here for three weeks from what I can tell. There arent any calendars here so I have been using the sun. I studied Egyptian history in college, including ancient and modern languages. I always find a reason to do things to benefit my education. Boy, this culture is different from what I remember studying in school. Archeology and Egyptology are my fields. Its weird that the language and culture have been dead for over seven thousand years and yet they speak it here like its modern. I dont get it she wept and Tina and Mercedes look at one another with a degree of intrepidity as they bit their tongues. Anyway, I tried to run away , but every time he found me and hit me more and more. Im so scared I cant. 
Its ok Jenny, come here says Tina offering her arms in a hug and embraced Jenny as she wept uncontrollably. 
I graduated with a PHD from Yale and am the youngest person ever inducted into the International Archaeologist Association. I mastered fluency in forty-seven languages, both current and dead. I never dreamed I would end up like this, a battered I dont know what. Every day I wake up thinking its going to be my last day before he kills me. 
Dont worry, he wont hurt you again. I promise. Says Tina as her heart melted and eyes widened with tears in the moment feeling she never thought she would meet another human being who suffered as much as she and James did or worse, in this case, and she was able to make that vow confidently that she would not let anyone hurt this young woman again. 
Mercedes stands and watched and frowns in empathy. Uh, Tina, can I talk to you? 
Sure she stepped away patting Jenny assuring her it is going to be alright. 
Tina and Mercedes stepped to the side of the tent as Jenny wandered off into the next room and re-clothed her head and face. 
You thinking what Im thinking? asks Mercedes. 
Yeah, it is very likely she is from the future too says Tina. 
Uh, more like an absolute certainty. That means she might have inadvertently found the Time Stone on her dig. It must be around here somewhere. 
Not necessarily. Seven thousand odd years have passed. It might be anywhere. 
Its a start says Mercedes looking towards her shorter comrade. 
Yeah, we should get back to market. I dont feel right leaving her here by herself when that brute could return any time now. 
Yeah, Jenny Says Mercedes calling out and Jenny came out of the back room. Then suddenly before they could speak, a loud eruption emanated from the outside like a car backfire discharge.  They went outside and saw a masks man jumping out of the back of an oxcart and who started attacking the villagers and turning over tables of goods and food. He was a shirtless man with a muscular build and long silk pants , but a strange metal mask over his entire heads, large and protruding in the shape of a pentagon and his eyes began to glow a bright orange, with mechanical underpinnings in the nose and mouth area like a strange breathing apparatus , but with moving parts that twisted in and out like flower petals blossoming. They also have metallic transplants grafted onto their arms with a gun barrel on each arm. The masks man knocked over an oxcart and then jumped up and stands on the overturned oxcart as he held out his arm cannons and fired them back into the crowd emitting projectiles of lead and fire into the people and tents. One after the other exploded in utter horror. He stands and appeared to laugh as his mask moved up and down and the twisting petals on his breathing apparatus moved faster. Tina, Mercedes, and Jenny stand in horror at the site as the trio stand helplessly looking around and saw the endless suffering appearing to them like it might have well been a slow motion replay. They knew they have to do something. 
This is wrong says Tina. 
Mercedes looks at her with a sincere look and straight face. 
We got to go says Jenny. They nodded in agreement as he appeared to be recharging his arm cannons by a small indicator on the devices as he set his eyes on their tent. 
What can we do about these people? Tina asks. 
There is nothing we can do says Mercedes. The three women ran as they hears a loud explosion behind them and kept running as the tent they previously occupied burned in a large scale inferno blast behind them. The masks man jumped away and ran off. 
The three women ran towards another part of the village that is currently being evacuated as people ran around screaming after hearing of the horrors in the grand arena. Tina saw Drax and yells out to him as he has been talking to a tall slender gentleman in the native language in his attempt to negotiate for supplies that were not going too well due to their shortage of funds. The merchant is frantic to get away after observing the chaos in town. Drax turns and sees them running towards him. He waved goodbye regretfully to his new merchant contact and walks towards them. 
What the heck happened? asks Drax. 
Masks man has guns from the future gasped Tina. 
Great Caesars Ghost screams Drax in the midst of a sea of passerby people. He pointed up as his eyes widened with shock and they all turns and saw the masks man surrounded by a small army of about half a dozen men just like him. Lets go yells Drax as the masks men jumped off their stands and appeared to hover downward on a cushion of thin air. The lead man jumped upward firing his arm cannons into the crowd. The bodies begin to pile up on top of one another and the other masks men join in and run into the midst. One cut through the corpses with lightning fast running speed and trampled them with his heavy boots vaporizing the dead and another ran upwards in midair like he is climbing a flight of invisible stairs and stepped on the heads of the living ones crushing them down to the size of a walnut with a fiery pressure from his large metallic boots creviced with a series of small projectile launchers letting forth little missiles into the charred remains of the victim. The masks man laughs as the victim lay on the floor and is being fired at by the arm weapon. A third ran and dropped kick an innocent family of four trying to flee the violence and fired several small missiles from the soles of his boots when he is in midair and vaporized them all upon contact and then landing on his feet in the spot that they once stands. The others engaged in similar violent acts. Drax reached for his hidden sidearm and rolled forward aiming at the lead masks man and fired a series of shots at him. The bullets fizzled in midair right before hitting him and vanished in a flash of orange light. Draxs jaw dropped in awe, they got some type of energy shielding around them. Run!!! Drax and his entourage were scattering throughout the crazy maze of remaining bodies and charred corpses as well as the crying moans of the living who were escalating in fear and panic in the enfeebled horror unfolding before their eyes. The still silence was a lot for them to handle and things seemed to unfold in an almost continuous slow motion melodrama depicting the harsh realities of insolent death, slaughter, genocide, and senseless violence. 
James yells Tina, use your powers. James nodded as he ran over to the masks men and flung his arms wildly with all his might aiming at the masks mans metallic components , but the energy shield began to fizzle with a bright orange glow leaving the man remaining in his stance angrily approaching them. 
It didnt work James yells. Drax and his friends stand and watched, powerless to interfere and face such lethal adversaries with firepower beyond theirs at the time. They run off trying to assist as many of the fragile and wounded and survivors, getting them to safety , but could not move them all. Some ran off and others were crushed by the strong force of the violent marauders before them. 
Drax recalled the old adage better to run and live to fight another day especially since staying meant certain death. They ran off away from the village square. Three of the masks men pursued them and jumped onto small vehicles shaped like motorcycles that hovered off the ground and were previously hidden behind some crates. The masks men rode off after the forgotten ones not stopping until all were eliminated. The hovering motorcycles were long and has a finish made out of a shimmering blue alloy that brightened in the sunlight and they increased their speed. James, Tina, Mercedes, and Jenny duck down behind a box of metal crates helplessly watching , but avoiding the onslaught. One hovering motorcycle past by Drax nearly knocking him down. He ducks as another hovering motorcycle arrives and Drax seizes the window of opportunity and jumps up behind the masks man riding the hovering motorcycle and rides with the masks man until Drax shoves the masks man off and takes control of the hovering motorcycle. Another masks man followed Drax on his hovering motorcycle and presses a , button on the handle bars firing several small concentrated yellow energy pellets at Drax striking his hovering motorcycle throwing him off course. Drax maneuvers around while spiraling in midair and comes about successfully returning fire and the masks man fires back as they head towards one another at super-fast speeds, the pellets from one anothers handle gun bounce off their respective energy shields with a glowing orange hot light. The masks man fires repeatedly towards the underbelly of Draxs hovering motorcycle , but Drax maneuvers his hovering motorcycle dodging the pellets as his hovering motorcycle raised up and off to be then chased by two more masks men on hovering motorcycles. As Drax moves his hovering motorcycle from left to right swinging it, he uses the momentum to flip it up and spiral about near an approaching stone wall just as the masks men race by him and are unable to stop crashing into the wall. Their energy shields fizzle as the hovering motorcycles repel from the wall and land on the ground with their now unconscious riders. Drax rides off into the storm of yet another group of masks men on hovering motorcycles that are firing their pellets at Draxs hovering motorcycle. Drax returns fire and keeps firing as the glowing bright orange energy shield then appears as the pellets strike the masks mens hovering motorcycles, the same for Draxs hovering motorcycle having an energy shield as well, and a barrage of small yellow projectile lines appear between them back and forth as they are accelerating towards one another and Drax aims his handle bars downward and fired a new series of yellow energy missiles that struck the underbelly of the masks mans hovering motorcycle directly before Drax and blowing it up and the masks mans hovering motorcycle falls to the ground as the hover component is knocked out. The masks mans hovering motorcycle fell to the ground and exploded with him still on board. Drax continues and came about firing at the other bikers and having figured out their Achilles heel and how to knock them down he targeted and moved his handle bars downward first left and then right in a quick continuous motion as he halted his hovering motorcycle to a stop and fired at them striking the hovering motorcycles at one time in rapid succession almost simultaneously in their hover component knocking each down and blowing them up with their riders on board. Drax stands and sighed. He let out a heavy breath as he watched the great inferno devour the streets before him and quickly subside. 
After Drax defeated the masks men, he rode to the metal crates where his comrades were hiding behind. Its safe now, I think he says. 
Who were those masks men? asks Tina half-jokingly. 
The Culto! says Drax confidently. 
They look so different from before or later in the future says Tina laughingly. 
What? What are they doing here? asks James.  
How did the Culto get here? asks Mercedes. 
They could have originated here commented Tina. , but those weapons clearly didnt. 
Right says Drax they were hired guns commanded by the machination in 2012 , but are not just foot soldiers , but age old guardians protectors. 
Those weapons were more advanced than 2012 though says Mercedes. 
Yes, they must be from further down the timeline. They want to harness the power of the time stone. They feel it is their sworn legacy and destiny a birthright, the very thing they were meant to keep and protect. Their plans with the time stone coincide with the fall of the Atlantis Empire, the fabled story. They are the direct blood line descendants of those survivors. It fell because of a powerful mystery , but it cannot be changed.  It is part of prehistory. They still believe like their ancient ancestors that they were destined to rule , but thats a load of crap. Drax says. 
How did they get here? James asks, The time stone? 
They must have used it and wound up trapped here like us or there is something elsethere is a story of the last time. Its an old legend Drax says , but it basically says about the time stone that when the moon is full at a certain day and time of the year when the night is pure and the balance between times cycles are complete, the time stone can be activated and used in an Omni-directional beacon and transverse the time line to allow for multiple trips anywhere and anytime. Some in the Machination tried to use this technique , but most reasonable minds were more pragmatic. 
Like you? Tina asks.
Yeah, Drax replies I knew Broad has grown a little unstable. , but I would have never thought he would do anything like this. 
The night in the rainstorm in the central complex Tina says confidently. 
Drax nodded. He is trying to pull that off. , but its impossible.  
What do they want? asks James. 
I wish I knew for sure what they wanted here , but I can only wager a guess that they were sent here with the Time Stone one way or another. 
I am confused says Mercedes how could they have it when we have it and now we dont have it? 
Time is variable along all levels of reality and our perception of it is very limited , but we at Temporo, Inc. aka the Machination figured out that the Time Stone operates on a quasi-electro-magnetic wavelength sending and receiving what are called tachyon particles throughout the energy grid that feeds our planet and this is part of what makes the opening of the temporal wormhole possible so we can travel backwards and forward through time. Somehow it is designed to vanish every time it is used this way and in order to go back home, you need to find it again in the past Time you land in , but it is very unpredictable sometimes explained Drax. 
Weird. Who designed such a contraption? asks Mercedes. 
Good question. Ill let you know when I find out. Drax says. 
Wow, you sure know a lot about this time tripping stuff says Jenny getting up and approaching him you were awesome in battling those guys. Jenny walks over removing her headdress and slid her hand down Draxs face as she smiles provocatively expressing an obvious physical attraction to the well-built physique of the former secret agent. 
Thanks, I think Drax smiles in return. Who is this? He asks.
Jenny, she is from the future too says Tina. 
Really says James. 
We should get moving while the daylight is still amongst us. It is a long trip to the mountains Drax says as they noticed a large crowd of people starting to come to see what the dust settled in after the battle with the Culto warriors. 
Whats in the mountains? Asks James as they all rose to their feet. 
One of the locals here told me a legend about great magical powers like instant transportation being observed in the mountains by some who returns alive barely making it out of there with their lives. He referred to the source of the magic as an ancient relic called the eye of the gods and says it was a green crystal small enough to fit in the palm of your hand and glowing with five orbs in the middle, sound familiar? 
The Time Stone James, Tina, and Mercedes exclaims almost simultaneously. 
So its over there in this Time? Mercedes asks inquisitively. 
Its not a bad place to start our search. I am confident it is there. By the way, there is nothing else we can do here and we need to get moving before they ask too many questions of us says Drax. 
I am looking for the eye of the gods in the Egyptian desert in 2012 when I is brought here says Jenny. , but I never heard of this Time Stone. 
It is possible you found it or some other anomaly or storm replicated the conditions of the Time Stone, either way we should work together to get back says Drax. 
How did you learn about the eye of the gods? You speak this ancient language? asks Jenny. 
I am fluent in multiple modern and dead languages. Drax replies. 
You can come with us Says Tina looking at Jenny. 
Thanks. I dont want to stay here and I am still confused about this being in the past stuff says Jenny. 
Lets ride says Drax as he gets on his hovering motorcycle and Jenny hops on behind him holding on to him. Tina runs to one of the hovering motorcycle that fell after bouncing off the stone wall, kicks the rider off, and tries to stand it up alone. James and Mercedes see her struggling and run to her. After they stand up both hovering motorcycles and knock the riders off, James hops on the back of Tinas hovering motorcycle and Mercedes takes the other one. God help us! Exclaims Jenny as the trio of hovering motorcycles rides off away from the village and into the scorching heat of the open desert afternoon. 
The trek across the desert is long and arduous for the group of adventurers trying to find an ancient artifact that would lead them back home. With surprise a constant variable on their journey and success a virtual uncertainty, their courage remained steadfast and resolve unvanquished on their futuristic modes of transportation hovering at superior speeds above the hot white sands of the ancient Egyptian landscape desert terrain. The mountains approaching were ominous and fearsome like goliaths overseeing all and the falling rocks and terrifying smoke above their peaks were continuous warnings to those who dare transgress their corridors. As they approached the outskirts of the rocky terrain, they were stops by a familiar face who they dared never to lay eyes on again. 
Satyr yells Drax determinedly as the three hovering motorcycles come to a halt after they rode in unison. 
Greetings old friend says Satyr, his wings outstretched in the desert extending for yards across the desert, as he stands stretching his large muscular and hairy arms outward, and simultaneously screeching out with his long snout and fangs growling before them as if guarding some terrifying secret within the mountains. You arrived just in time as they say you would. 
Whom are you referring to? Drax asks. 
Never mind that now Satyr snarled in his raspy voice. You are never leaving this Time alive, none of you are. His voice sounded in sincerity and darkness. 
Well see about that says Drax he angrily pushed down on his handle bars angrily firing a series of yellow energy pellets towards Satyr and then watched in awe as they fizzled in the air before him in an array of bright orange lights and miniature explosions. Satyr remained smiling. 
Hes got an energy shield too screams James. 
Everyone fire yells Drax and all three hovering motorcycles fired their energy pellets towards Satyr and watched as they fizzled in the air before him in a larger array of bright orange lights and miniature explosions. 
You cannot harm me yells Satyr as he then unleashed his fury and swung his wings wildly back and forth creating a strong wind current and sand to fly around him and towards the trio of hovering motorcycles and their riders who shielded their faces and tried to ride away , but were too late as their hovering motorcycles were lifted off the ground by the strong winds and thrown into the sands far a few meters behind them. Petty Humans, you are so pathetic it is not even funny. We beasts are superior in every form, strength, stamina, intellect, regeneration, and agility. You can never win against a beast on even terms. Satyr projected his voice over the loud winds as they suddenly became still and the winds died down again settling the sands to their earthen shores. Satyr approached in a stalking manner to the three hovering motorcycles lying in the sands with their riders. The quartet and their archeologist ally rose to their feet seeing the angry beast walk towards them stalking stealthily like a jungle cat. Drax clasped his hands together as he walks forth facing the great beast in the eye and swung at him with his extended arms. Satyr blocked him with one arm and threw him to the side with no effort at all.  James ran forward and tried to use his powers by waving his arms rapidly , but it has no effect and Satyr who angrily rushed forward and head , butted James and sent him flying backwards a few meters. Tina and Mercedes ran to Satyr trying to tackle him down from both sides , but he picked them up with his long and muscular arms and tossed them about like rag dolls into the desert sands. Jenny stands before him and ran back towards the hovering motorcycles lying on the desert floor and hid behind them nervously. Satyr walks forward towards Drax who is trying to pick himself up off the desert floor. Satyr raised his huge fists in midair extending upward towards the sky shadowing everything before him. Satyr bellowed with a sinister laugh from his long snout as his beady eyes curled underneath the long pair of swirling horns reaching towards the heavens. Then a loud eruption appeared in the sky above and a flash of light created a swirling yellowish haze that Drax and his colleagues were very familiar with, the temporal wormhole muttered Drax under his breath. Within nanoseconds a flashing haze of swirls and energy emerged materializing and formed a creature that crashed down onto the desert sands before them. The creature has a face like a leopard roaring into the air before them with a screeching and humming roar, stands upright with feet and long wings like a hawk, its body like a jackal with hooves for hands. The creature hovered forward with its hawk wings a few feet off of the ground and landed in brief hops as it spotted Satyr and the five humans. The creature roared. Defensively Satyr retreated , but then lunged forward to grab the creature. 
Who are you and what are you doing here? They grabbed one another and wrestled around twirling about in a series of revered dances as Drax got up leading his half-dazed group of companions back to the bikes. 
Come on the man beckons and they managed to overturn one of the hovering motorcycles seeing the others were damaged beyond hope. All five led by Drax squeezed together onto the hovering motorcycle and takes off towards the mountain range nearby leaving the two beasts locked in mortal combat snarling at one another. 
As they drove off, Drax asks where did you learn to fight? I went to the best schools of the west. 
In college with my ex-boyfriend mostly says Tina. 
I take self-defense classes at the Y shrugged Mercedes. 
I learned to fight in the streets says James. 
We should keep practicing says Drax.
Drax led the team on the hovering motorcycle barely touching the ground because of the extra weight as they approached the mountain quarry. 
Were not going to make it screams Tina its too heavy. 
Where theres a will theres a way! Exclaims Drax as he pressed a few , buttons on the hovering motorcycles and held the handle bars tightly, we can jettison the fuel and accelerate for a quick boost up the mountainside using the stone as leverage for the bikes hover coils I think , but if we miss our mark we will fall to our deaths. 
Lets hope the timing is right says Tina. 
Hmm Muttered Drax. And with that Drax unlocked the handle bars and disengaged them then pressed a pair of red , buttons on the inside component of the handle bars then pulls up as a large exhaust emitted from the tail end of the bike sending them soaring up the side of the mountain quarry and up the mountain. As they approached the summit several miles into the air, they were close to a ledge on the mountainside near a cave and stops in mid hover right below the ledge. Engine is being pushed to the limit and burning out, we cant scale the cliff. Drax screams. Brace yourselves for fall impact. 
Not yet says James as he waved his right hand down underneath the bike as it started to fall and it then lifted upward slowly towards the ledge and leveled out on the precipice. 
Close one says Mercedes. 
Bikes dead says Drax as he dismounted with his group and pulls out his handheld scanner. There appears to be a large energy signature nearby. Oh, were in luck. Its the Time Stone. 
They prepared to enter the cave when suddenly a large flapping sound disturbed them and as they turns they saw Satyr fluttering up into the sky above them seriously hurt and bleeding. He did not notice them and kept going. There is no sign of the other creature. 
What do you think happened to him? Tina asks. 
Well have to worry about that later. Lets go. They entered the cave and Drax hit a , button on his scanner activating a flashlight that flooded the cave with light. The cave entered into a four walled room with pictures on the wall. It is damp and cold, a silhouette of hidden shadows over smooth stonework and artificial altars and tables scattered throughout along with drawings and pictographs on the walls of various ancient Egyptian and prehistoric hieroglyphics. Jennys eyes widened as she saw the colorful array painted there. 
This is incredible. I never thought I would see something like this. She wandered through the halls of lavishly colored painted tapestries and artifacts of gold and silver, vases, necklaces, and headwear. 
We could enjoy this says Tina picking up some of the jewelry. 
I dont think so says Jenny brushing off a part of the wall with some text on it. They were all shocked at the sight of gold items and a seven foot tall gilded sarcophagus with a high relief image of a pharaoh amongst the artifacts of high relief gold staffs, pots, and scimitars, and jewels. 
Whoa says Tina. 
This is interesting says Jenny. 
What? Tina asks. 
Its nothing, I think. I barely understand this stuff, only the basics. I think this is an old Aramaic code. Jenny adds.
Let me see says Drax, it is , but its in some type of code. The Lions Den Raises Fire in the Winter Solstice. 
Something about a creature from hell when it freezes over joked Tina. 
I am pretty good at cracking codes says Jenny. Let me see, let me see she uttered slowly while looking around the room and saw the various pictures of people, animals, places, and saw a marking depicting a legend like a map with a strange character and then saw one on each side of the room they entered. Mr. Drax. Is that what I think it is? asks Jenny. 
Those are map coordinate locators, Drax replies. North, East, South, and West he turns his light to them all in turn. 
Interesting, the directions of the four parts of the Earth were considered by some cultures as reflective of the four elements of nature, Earth, Water, Wind, and Fire says Jenny. 
, but also the four seasons, says Drax. They are spring, summer, fall, and winter. 
So which one is the winter solstice? asks Mercedes. 
West? asks Drax. 
No, its north, I am positive. The directional legend is inverted slightly. Jenny walks over to the symbol for North and noticed the wall has breakings around the symbol like a , button on a keyboard. She pushed the wall inward pressing the , button and the room suddenly erupted in light as flames began to combust in the empty vases around the room. 
Cool says Tina, Jenny, you are brilliant. 
Well, I grew up in the hood and have plenty of time for reading Jenny started with a small smirk when suddenly as they stands before the north wall; the wall gave way splitting apart leading towards another room where a small and narrow wooden bridge spanned the distance over a large ravine with a pedestal on the other side holding a shining object in the distance. I think thats it The eye of the gods says Jenny with widened eyes of enthusiasm. 
The Time Stone says Drax smiling. 
James can you lure it here with your powers asks Tina. 
James waved his hands , but nothing happened. 
I cant affect living things. Maybe its alive, he says. 
Or maybe its too far away adds Drax. 
The five started across the bridge slowly together led by Jenny. 
It feels like were tightrope walking says Tina with a laugh. 
Watch it. We got to be very cautious not to overturn this bridge. It looks very old. Says Mercedes as the bridge wobbled back and forth over the endless dark apparently bottomless cavern before them. 
Jenny, says Drax. You never told us what you were doing looking for the eye of the gods. 
I was sent by government officials who wanted it. I was told Egypt is the last place it is found in. 
They werent by any chance related to a company called Temporo, Inc.? Drax asks. 
How did you know? Jenny replies. 
Lucky guess Drax says nodding with sarcasm in his voice. 
 They funded my research grant, Jenny says, a man named Staffnight who seemed almost desperate to find this ancient relic that only existed in fables. I didnt understand at the time. Now I do. 
 There is a reason you say you didnt think we should take the items in the room, what is it? asks Tina. 
I think I saw something about a curse on the wall text , but I am not sure. I heard ancient structures usually were associated with acts of misfortune for whoever desecrates it, tomb robbers and so forth. Jenny says. 
I dont believe in curses says Drax. 
They made it across and all stepped off the bridge and onto the platform surrounding a circular altar with writing in old language similar to the writing in the old caverns. The item embedded in the center of the altar was a large circular metal encasement and within that was a small item that is familiar to them all, the green emerald they all knew as the Time Stone. 
Yes we found it says Drax. 
Thank God says Mercedes. 
Now we use it to return back to 2012 says James. 
Yes Drax reaches for it and stops himself as he reads the text below and his eyes widened with disbelief. 
What does it say? asks Mercedes. 
Um, it basically says there was a powerful group in the deep past that came from another galaxy, a union of thirteen races, aliens from different worlds joined under one banner or group. They gained a thoroughly mastered knowledge of everything in the universe including the meaning and essence of time itself.  They has an artifact that represented the full might of their divine collective abilities and has it stored away to keep it safe from their enemies. 
Remember James, Alexa says the ancestors told of legends of sky watchers, sky gods, or what am the word she used? asks Tina. 
Pregivers, says James, its tied to this holder of stones prophecy. 
The Pregivers Drax says to himself. 
Oh my It was oh my God. What is it? asks Tina. 
I think these are the beings that created the Time Stone, the originators. It says they would return someday as they have died out long ago , but time is the answer to fulfill their long lost history and destiny combined into one. These Pregivers created the Time Stone and were the first to wield its power and use it. Says Drax shocked. That is new. 
Deep says James, , but we should skip the history lesson and get with the goods James smirks as he reached out and lifted the Time Stone off of its pedestal and Tina grabbed it from him with a smirk. As she did, the entire ground they stand on started to shake with the bridge wobbling uncontrollably. Whats going on? asks James yelling over the roar in the chamber. They stands in shock and gasped as flaming lava started to rise to their level from the depths below and towers of fire emerged from the lava lake that now surrounded them. 
Run screams Jenny as she led them back across the bridge. They ran across the bridge and barely made it before it is consumed by the rising lava lake having stops at the edge of the stone platform they made it to. Then out of the flames, a form emerged that fully appeared hovering above them, a large dragon whose wings were flapping above them sounding like thunder and whose roar and breath of fire seared the air before them like the brimstone of hell. Sweating profusely in the intense heat they froze in horror at the site of the great beast. James and Tina looks at one another. 
That looks like the one we saw in the cave in Brazil she screams. 
I remember James bellowed as he noticed the same metal plate on its underbelly with the five orbs glowing bright red like before. Its the guardian. James yells. The beast did not introduce itself this time , but roars and breathed a huge trail of flames in their direction. James yells run and they headed out of the chamber back into the prior room before them, all , but Jenny who is toasted and vaporized by the flames. Her piercing screams were the last the remaining quartet hears of her as they ran into the next room. 
Activate it says Drax. 
I am trying says James as he held the Time Stone out and up above his head, and turns it, the five orbs in its center glowing brightly with a spike of energy emanating from it like a star as a stream of yellow energy emerged from the device and created the glowing fissure of the temporal wormhole before them. 
Drax screams, ladies first and Tina ran in yelling. 
You dont have to tell me twice and is quickly followed by Mercedes as they were transformed into balls of light once within two feet of the entryway and sucked in. Drax followed in as the dragon flew into the room and is prepared to fire another burst. James jumped in as well just as the burst of flames flooded the room charring the pictorial altars and stone walls.  The fissure faded once having absorbed them all. 
By the grace of God we made it says Mercedes.  
Where or when are we? Asks Tina as the foursome found themselves in a room with gilded adornments and velvet silk laden linings. A central chair sits in the pinnacle of the room resembling a royal throne with symbols and writing all over the walls. 
Is this King Arthurs Court? asks James. 
No, its an ancient Egyptian pharaoh chamber says Drax looking about at the symbols. I think were still in ancient Egypt just far from the mountains. Then suddenly a group of men entered with spears and dressed in Egyptian ifd worn like kilts folded into layers and draping down into various streams, belts and sashes spread over them adorning the wearers. They were led by a man with a long striped headdress and gilded adornments who commanded their loyalty and attention. Being held at spear point by the men yelling in ancient Egyptian dialects, the foursome raised their arms in the air. An old man entered and speaks in ancient Egyptian dialect. 
I am Saragin, high priest of the pharaoh to be. 
Greetings, we are travelers from far away says Drax in the same ancient early Egyptian dialect. We have come here from a great distance. We mean you no harm. 
There is harm in the village earlier today, men of great magic killed many people and some escaped. The wife of one of my soldiers also vanished. A mystery killer threatens the royal pharaoh to be, an assassination of imperative portends to destroy the incarnate spirit of the gods divine. The threat has been neutralized. The men of great magic are no more a threat to your pharaoh to be. His spirit body will remain free in this world and the next. 
That is the word of the gods indeed, the true key to salvation will be written amongst those who follow the path of light, the true home of all of those in time. He says with a nod and a faint smile and turns without a word beckoning with his arms to the leader of the soldiers who yells and orders them and they stand at attention and hold their spears upright and marched out of the room single file. 
What is that about? asks Tina as they all lowered their arms. 
The pharaoh to be is threatened and I put their minds at ease replies Drax. It is a very simple belief structure about the literal living dead, the spirit of the pharaoh moving on in all lives preceding and succeeding this one. Any outside influences are seen as magic or influential. Doing my line of work, cultural sensitivities are of paramount importance and now as we continue on our journeys in time, you all must understand that as well. 
What is going to happen to the village? The people? asks Mercedes. 
There will be lots of strife, civil war, famine, drought, many conquests including the reunification of two lands, , but all in all it turns out as it does in all history. Our purpose shouldnt be to judge or impose our ideals , but to try to learn and simply exist with others in harmony. Those are ideals the machination never cherishes. 
Yeah and Jenny? asks Tina sadly. 
I didnt tell them about Jenny. God rest her soul. 
Yeah too bad, couldnt we reverse time to save her or something? asks Tina. 
Time is tricky. We couldnt change what is meant to be and even if we could, the chances of success are slim. We must move on for all our sakes. Drax speaks philosophically. 
Indeed says James nodding thinking of the mushroom cloud in his vision. 
We did make a profound discovery. At least we know more about the creators of the Time Stone. I wonder if there is more information on them somewhere. , but we should get back. Time is our oyster as long as we have this relic , but we belong where we belong says Drax. 
So ? asks Mercedes. 
So lets go at it again. I think we are ready to move on , but this time lets all think positive thoughts about being thousands of years in the future. Drax nodded as did his cohorts. 
Too bad we didnt meet Cleopatra says Tina jokingly. 
A few years too early for that says Drax. 
James held up the Time Stone to the adventure he yells as he turns it and the portal opens up once again. They all smiles and yells simultaneously to the adventure and figuratively saddled up for the ride to the next Time, each dematerializing to an energy ball and being sucked in, ideally on their way home. 
Chapter 70
Time: 2092 A.D., Lightning Way (Formerly Chronix Bay)
The dark skies over the fallen landscapes and burned towers were a cross between blood red and black Succoth. The roar of the temporal wormhole appeared and disappeared just as quickly leaving the four travelers in the midst of a doomed society where loud booms of thunder permeated the air above smelling like smoke and brimstone further filling the air below. A large looming tower complex stretches over the skyline in the distance, damaged and decayed, the charred remains of a long lost civilization of high tech marvels and stellar sky roadways. No signs of foliage or wildlife exist, only sullen darkness. 
Something bad happened here says Mercedes. 
I got a bad feeling over all says James, where are we? 
Home, this is Chronix Bay says Drax holding his handheld scanner. I tuned my scanner to pick up tachyon emission frequencies. Sort of like a time travel pocket guide now. 
This doesnt look like Chronix Bay says Tina as she almost sighed that they were home , but they werent. 
It is Chronix Bay, circa 2092 AD. Drax says. 
The future? asks Mercedes. 
The Time Stone stops glowing guys says James holding it out and turning it , but nothing happened and the five orbs within it remained dull and turnoff. 
Great Caesars Ghost the four exclaims virtually simultaneously alone in the vast ruins of their very future. 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The immense desolation of this future Time is measured in the small yet bustling community of Kawanbi in Chronix Bay, The Broken Earth and Sky, as it reads on a faded sign that occupied a large field outside of the small town, the electric diodes that once illuminated the sign having long since died out. The town is surrounded by an encampment of tents and small shacks built as temporary shelter by the former inhabitants of the town that rested in the center with charred remains of homes and office buildings, structures damaged by natural winds, water, and fires. The earth lay barren and fruitless devoid of natural vegetation or plant life and black as pitch. A small group gathers around one of the larger tents on the outskirts of the shanty town and holds a small town hall meeting. 
We need to enforce stronger limits on our aqueduct use. The reserves of water and fuel are running dangerously low. In a small while we will be completely helpless. Says a young man with rimmed glasses and curly hair, his clothes loose and baggy, a tattered overcoat, and small red bowtie. 
Thank you, Mr. Daniels. Says a middle-aged woman holding a hammer and wearing a long gown with her hair knotted up in a bun, she banged the hammer on a table when others started to converse amongst themselves expressing their respective agreeing and disagreeing opinions on the matter. 
Enough she yells. This meeting is adjourned for now. We will reconvene at the same time tomorrow. She says sternly at the behest of many who sucked their teeth and muttered words like favoritism and corrupt under their breaths. They began to scatter back to their respective tents and shacks while some wandered off towards the outer areas with desolate burned remains of old structures and buildings. No one wandered off to an area marked off with tape, which resembled an old growth forest yards away , but with no leaves and the barks were burnt and ashen. This area is carefully labeled forbidden territory. 
A few meters away, there was a loud bustle in a small hut different from the others, made of straw and clay, like a midlevel residence. A young lady with bright yellow hair stands outside sweeping the floor, her eyes tired and defeated were blue and melancholy hovering over black and blue bruises on her face as they wandered back and forth across the long expanse of dirt and mud before her, she is desperately trying to keep the loathsome flowing mud waters from entering the house, her long gown drenched from the bottom up after she has been at the task for several moments. 
Honey, come wandering in. Its after time zone and we better get ready for tomorrows meetings. Yells a strong voice from within echoing with a rugged masculinity and out came Daryl Wutherford Haverstraw, whose physique embodied a strong upper body, cunning prowess in his sharp eyes, jet black hair and beard like a woodsman and donning a large heavy well-tailored overcoat with long tails and macram , buttons adorned in gold lining. He stands with his fists at his side ready to stand guard as master of the house. What brings the late wind? He asks. 
Trying to get stop our home from being flooded , but you wouldnt care, always off on your witch hunt excursions. She replies trying to sweep away the water. 
Do not talk back to me with that tone Vanessa as you may have forgotten who the master of the house is. He yells. Come inside now he commanded. 
Vanessa sighed and dropped the broomstick to the side as she wandered in followed by her husband. As the door closed behind them, the mud waters started to slowly seep in again. 
	------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The next morning the sun veered over the darkness of the shanty town as the skies were a mix of black and blue, darker in some areas than others , but brighter over most areas above. The ground is barren and sullen without a single crop and Mud Rivers flowed throughout the land and various homes. The home of Mr. and Mrs. Haverstraw lay crumbled in ruins and the couple barely escaping is seeking refuge in the larger central encampment nearby with a red banner waiving overhead, the center of the banner has an emblem of a dark apparently feathered face with pale eyes. The bustle inside the encampment consisting of several rooms and hallways under the large series of tents under a domed greenhouse-like superstructure colored in crystalline splendor shining down rays from the fading sunlight above them and sprinkling it down in various directions lighting the entire complex. As the movement of people dressed in rags and dirt-covered gowns wandering about on dirt paths in the small inner city hauling carts of bags with whatever food and water supplies were available. There was a large square table resting in the distance towards the back areas where there rested a map of the area and two people stands in the midst of a detailed conversation. Sergeant General Maxwell Sharpe, an elderly gentleman with pure white hair and a stern grit hid by a curious smile that made him seem almost childlike as he donned his highly decorated uniform from his time with the old army and puffed his hand rolled cigar before Alana Wilcox, a petite young woman in her mid-thirties with short chestnut blonde hair and a tough grit, she donned her leather jacket and flight pants with wings and the initials AE admiring her hero Amelia Earhart, a famous female pilot from the past. 
You sure got some cojones young lady. I dont think we have the fight or the will for that type of a maneuver says the General. 
, but it is our only way after all and we can do it if we ration our men and firepower. We cant live like this, like slaves and peasants in a forgotten world forever. Look at the stats, she pointed to a stack of loose papers printouts on the table and the map underneath it. There are U.R.O forces all over the western perimeter and near the dry rivers all the way down to the dark forests. If we dont take action soon were dead. We lost eleven more battalions this week. We are being slaughtered, no exterminated, because were different. We dont believe what they do. We need to start taking control of our own destinies and fighting for what we are entitled to otherwise whats the point? We might as well lie down and dig our own plots. I refuse to give up not while I still have breath in my body. 
Well says the General in his deep southern accent with a heavy sigh after puffing his cigar I cant believe this is even got a snowballs chance in hell, kiddo We cant Union troops to this cause if there is no chance of winning. 
Even if the Union could be next, our little rebellion may not be much to you , but it is a lot to us. We always were at odds politically, General , but we need your help or were goners. He looks into her somber eyes with a heavy lament. 
I think you kids got gumption and I still think its too much to convince my superiors completely to invest , but if you put your heart and faith into it then I can too. 
Thanks she smiles in return to his warming grin. 
I was just telling Marsha the other day how much of a beautiful, courageous, daring, and independent young woman you turn out to be. 
Aw youre making me blush. You always were like an uncle to me when I was coming up. 
Only reason is because of your dad, I miss him sometimes, he saved my life in the great conflict and he was a great friend and great person. 
I know she smirks. 
He would have been proud of you just as I am.  They embraced briefly.  Ready the men he smirks I will let my superiors at Union HQ know we got a rebellion to reconsider. 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Meanwhile, far above their small shanty town, in the high peaks of the city center where the old Chronix Bay once stands, the tall ominous citadel historically occupied by dark forces now is occupied by even darker and more sinister beings whom dwell within it. The towers are purely dark, unlit, with faded greenery and moss having once grown on it , but decayed to a black texture permanently caked onto the decaying stonework. The entire structure remained looming and overshadowing the miles of vacant wetland desert below. Within the central citadel, the red room that is once lit up with swirling rainbow lights is now a hollow shell of darkness and embodied the epitome of corruption and evil. A teenage boy sits on the steps leading up to an empty platform level with the charred remains of a single chair, his hands cupping his face in sorrow. He brushes his fair hair to the side and looks over at the window ledges and the darkness where it is dark outside even in the middle of the day, black and blue colors battling in the atmosphere under the piercing light energy of the sun. How did it get so bad? He wondered as he often loved reading history and thinking about things and the way that they might have been before the great conflict , but there is little that remains discussing about those days. 
Reginald, yells an elderly mans voice in the distance approaching the young man. The voice repeated the name over and over again as it became louder and louder. The young man ignores it and kept looking outside of the window daydreaming of better worlds. He envisioned a perfect paradise, a utopian city with glistening towers and skyways that reached into the far reaches of the universe and back again where peace, love, hope, tolerance, equality, and brotherhood dominated over everything. He sits fixated on that moment when he is interrupted and quickly opens his eyes to the stern look of his great uncle and teacher Dr. Walliford Ordox, whose wrinkled face and long white hair along with his strong demeanor showed that he is serious and angry. He grunted as he crossed his arms that were hidden by his long sleeves of his long gown flowing down to the ground making him appear royal. Reginald gulped in fear as his visions of utopian cities quickly faded and the routine grueling existence of his daily studies and chores is back on the forefront of his mind. 
Yes Uncle he muttered under his breath as he got up and ran off towards his quarters without the elder having to say a word as they have been in this situation multiple times already. 
It seems that boy wont ever really learn. Dr. Ordox shakes his head. 
He is not the only one who needs a lesson says a dark crinkly voice behind him. 
Oh my turns Dr. Ordox and looks into the darkness, a pair of red eyes glimpsed back at him squinting, the form of a man hidden to him in pure shadow, the head of the form appearing feathered with small horns. 
This entire world needs a lesson and soon will have it. The day of reckoning is upon us. 
Yes my lordship. It shall be says Dr. Ordox bowing his hand with sincerity and fear. 
, but there is something else that must be done. The shadow speaks. 
What is that my lord? Dr. Ordox asks. 
A great disturbance is amongst us, one I have not felt in a very, very long time. The shadow recalled. A temporal energy is nearby.
Whatever it is lord, we will destroy it. Dr. Ordox insisted.  
Make sure it is done. The future of the power of the triad depends on it. His form fizzled into nothingness and his red eyes dimmed away. 
Oh boy says Dr. Ordox to himself as he walks out quickly knowing who he has to find. 
The foursome, James, Tina, Mercedes, and Drax wandered through the dirt roads surrounding the muddy waters towards the central encampment of the shanty town. 
So why did we wind up here? I thought we were going to go back to our own time says Tina. 
I know it looks like we overshot the mark by about a century or so , but cant figure out why says Drax. 
Maybe we didnt think hard enough in the vacuum joked Tina. 
Hardly amusing says Drax. 
What do you suppose happened to this town? asks Mercedes. 
It seems that the increase in domestic generated pollutants have caused a cloud of darkness to permeate the atmosphere says Drax walking with his hand held scanner. I am picking up an increase of carbon monoxide emissions in the air. This is poison , but its high enough that it isnt enough to kill us here and now , but it is spreading so in another hundred years, I think it will be a different story. 
Its dark during the day says Tina. 
Its the carbon in the air blocking part of the sunlight. I doubt this place can support even the basic crops of agriculture. The amount of time the carbon emissions has been growing in the air has created the soil barren and the Earth dull explained Mercedes.
What could have done this? asks James. 
Centuries of increase carbon-based byproducts being pushed into the air replies Mercedes. I worked with groups trying to combat the problem back home , but it keeps getting worse every year. I guess this is the end result taken to the extreme.
Global Warming at its finest says Tina. 
What is that over there? asks James pointing. 
A town replies Tina, not much of one. 
Lets go check it out says Drax. We need to find out as much information as we can here so we can be sure to get back home when the Time Stone recharges. 
How does it do that? asks James. 
Solar energy, the Time Stone gets its energy from the stars themselves and it can also destroy one. 
Wow says James. The foursome walks into the central square of the town being eyed by the locals curiously. 
I think we need to get some new clothes Mercedes says. 
Yeah, I just realize we were wearing the same clothes since the last Time we were in says Drax. Lets see what we can dredge up. 
Dont think there is an open Bloomingdales around here laughs Tina. 
Hmmm Says Drax as he noticed a beautiful petite young woman with short hair and who wore a leather jacket approach them. 
Welcome to Lightning Way! She smiles. 
Thanks says Drax extending his hand and gripping hers firmly. 
What a hold stranger. You must have served. The woman says. 
Well as a matter of fact Drax started. 
Whats your pleasure here? You guys from Old Millburn? The woman asks frantically looking behind her with a nervous look. 
Well, we are from out of town, just looking for supplies. Drax nods. Do you know if we can get to a place to change? 
Absolutely the woman responds and pointed them to a tall brawling man with a square bearded jaw who approached wearing a long coat over a broad set of shoulders. Im Alana. This is Mr. Haverstraw. He can help you from here. I have to run. Nice seeing you. She ran off towards the far end of the camp where a group of men were gathering with various forms of weaponry. 
Hi says Drax on behalf of his entourage as they stared into the strong , but silent eyes of Mr. Haverstraw. 
After a brief shower and then changing into more common clothes, dcor fit for a play on nineteenth century life, they wandered about the encampment looking about and wondering what to do. 
This place sure is odd for the future says Tina. 
Must have been some type of ecological disaster or something says Drax. 
Is there anything else that could trigger high carbon emissions and dark skies? asks James. 
Nothing short of a thermonuclear explosion laughs Drax. 
James looks at him with a puzzled grin. I have something to say says James when Mr. Haverstraw interrupted them. 
Come. We are about to enjoy our midday meal and would care for you to join us. Mr. Haverstraw says.  
Sounds like a plan says Tina. 
They followed him into the dining hall similar in drab and dirt to the other rooms with a long table where they take their seats in turn. The small portioned meal is served of roast veal and cornmeal. 
This is quaint says Mercedes sarcastically as she picked at the plate before her. 
Its not bad actually says Tina rapidly eating her portion as is James , but slowly as he is thinking how to tell them of his vision. 
Alana explained as she ate her portions slowly, We have to conserve food rations around here. As you probably noticed, vegetation isnt common here so we harness whatever staple food sources we can from grains and meats that get sent from neighboring villages or from the food regenerator that allows us to replicate certain items , but its power reserve is low. Sometimes we just go hungry for a while depending on the season. 
Guys I have to tell you about what I saw when we were in Ancient Egypt says James. 
Ancient Egypt? asks Haverstraw. You guys arent from Old Millburn are you? 
Well Drax started to explain. 
Its important and cannot wait insisted James. 
Drax leaned over to whisper in James ear. We shouldnt be talking about the time stone or any prior trip we take in front of the locals. 
Oh come on. This is baloney. We need to tell now, yells James. 
James, dont do this, wait says Tina. 
I have a vision interrupted James. 
A vision? asks Haverstraw. 
Were from your past says James. 
James scolded Tina. 
Its true. We travelled here through time and space from the past, specifically from Ancient Egypt, where I have a vision. It was a mushroom cloud, a perfect civilization that didnt exist to us yet wiped out by catastrophe James says quickly. 
Drax shakes his head and covered his eyes. 
Oh my God, Daryl theyre jumpers says Alana with a wide glare in her eyes. 
What is that? asks Drax. 
The ones who have been plucked out of their own Times and journey along the temporal spatial streams, its an old legend I hears of when I was a kid. 
We all heard it says Haverstraw. , but it is only a legend and not reality. They are liars. 
No its true says Mercedes, I know its a little bit unbelievable.  
I know. Come with me into the situation room. We need to discuss some things says Alana looking at Daryl both rising from their chairs. 
In the situation room, a small area, surrounding a long brown table with a map emblazed on it, the two group leaders Alana and Daryl talk to the foursome about their unbelievable adventures.  
So let me get this straight says Daryl inquisitively, you guys found the ancient relic, the eye of the gods otherwise known as the time stone? That is the only real explanation. 
Thats correct says Drax reluctantly.  
Prove it says Daryl. 
OK, this is how we travel through time. He takes out the green emerald. Legend calls this the eye of the gods as you just did , but we call it the Time Stone as also just did. We seem to lose its function in each Time of zone we land in , but it emits a temporal wormhole, a powerful gateway along the spatial temporal stream. Drax says.
You guys really are from another world or time says Alana. We only heard of this in stories passed down from our forefathers from before the Great Conflict. 
It is pretty amazing beckons Mercedes. 
And the future vision you received James, why didnt you tell us sooner? asks Drax. 
I didnt really get the chance with all weve been through back there , but its like I experienced it first hand, I saw it as if I am there , but never left my spot in that past Time. I saw, smelt, and felt the flames and hears the explosion, a beautiful city with amazing technological advancements and roads that stretch to the heavens, flying cars and ships, all wiped out in an instant. James finished his sentence. 
We dont know if that is the case for sure says Drax. 
I know says James sincerely. 
How is that possible? asks Tina. James, could your psychokinetic powers have grown to full blown premonitions over time? 
Maybe James says. 
Maybe his mind as the mythic being the Holder of Stones can culminate multiple powers at once, such as psychokinetic abilities, telepathy, and even remote viewing of events in time and space says Drax. 
Thats incredible says Mercedes. Our minds are receptive to things in our direct environment so its possible James has the extra sensory perception of picking things up in distant locations and can recollect it in his temporal lobe and case specific subconscious memory. We all have lapses in our minds as the brain is still a mystery. We can see into normal flows of space and time. He can additionally see beyond normal space and time. 
So I am some kind of psychic? asks James. 
Well, you saw the future , but now it is the past. Are there no records of what happened? asks Drax to Alana. 
Nothing survived the Great Conflict , but word of mouth. Very few remember or are willing to talk about it. Some were sworn to secrecy and long since forgotten things like my uncle, a big general during the conflict. Alana says. 
Oh no says Tina. 
There was one guy, the old kook in the woods, whats his name, Kokoro? asks Daryl. 
Kowolski, Howard Kowalski stated Alana. He was a very brilliant scientist, worked for the old Army during the Great Conflict and knows a lot about life beforehand , but he is very old now and gone quite crazy. Last I hear he build a small shack in the middle of the woods and wanted to remain isolated from people. He says it is too painful to be in this city. I doubt he would be of any help if he is even still alive. 
Its worth a try to track him down. Maybe we can do something to help prevent this future when we go back says Mercedes. 
If you really want to help us, we can use your abilities and knowledge of the past to help us find the Dark Star says Alana. 
Whats that? asks Drax. 
Its another stupid legend says Daryl, not real you know. 
Thats what they say about the jumpers and look who we have here says Alana. Its no legend. Its an ancient artifact that is supposed to be built and harnessed by a great and powerful warrior. It is rumored in legend that the possessor would gain the strength of a million armies. It is lost long ago in the dark forest and would prove extraordinarily resilient in facing our current dilemma. 
Whats that? asks Drax. 
We are being exterminated by a ruthless villain who dwells in the towers above the city and who is the source of chaos during the Great Conflict, the United Regiment of the Oligarchy. After the old army is destroyed, the villages began to form as strongholds to withstand the tyranny of the Chosen One whose identity we never knew. The oligarchy has become a force of control and corruption against us. They threaten to wipe us out because we wont worship them. These forces have caused havoc amongst us as we try to rebuild our lives. Little by little we hear of groups such as ours that were scattered throughout the land are being completely wiped out. They have powerful weapons we cannot match and they wont stop until we are all dead. We believe the dark star could be are only hope. The wind forces above the caverns deep in the dark forest make it impenetrable with our present means plus there are wild beasts in the dark forest rumored to be part man , but no one has escaped and lived to confirm it. 
What are these forces of the Chosen One? asks James. 
Really bad things, Alana continues. We dont know exactly where they come from as their origin remains a yet elusive mystery , but some who witnessed the carnage barely escaped with their lives told us they were monsters, beings with fangs and animal features, on their mouths and feet, fur and claws on their hands, and they have impenetrable armor that glows when hit. They come without warning and obliterate groups with little effort at all. The human race is facing extinction and it is only a matter of time. She wept slightly and grabbed hold of the table. Daryl held her arm to help her up. 
I can answer some more. I have seen the horrors first hand says an apparent ninety-nine year old man with a robe and cloth approaching, a priest. 
Father Riley says Alana smiling as he approached. I am the eldest in the community and was still not yet conceived at the time of the great conflict , but I have hears stories from my forefathers and I have hears of the terrible fate that awaits those who challenge forth into the dark woods. Legend tells of a mighty beast that dwells within the dark woods. The quest for the dark star is not an easy one. Put your faith and lives in love, faith, and hope and you will pull through together. 
Thanks Father nodded Drax with a smile. 
We know it is a long shot , but a powerful weapon like the Dark Star, if it is real, would help us withstand the attack says Alana. According to legend it is the only thing capable of forcing through the powerful energy shield surrounding the citadel. 
The citadel at the center of town? asks Mercedes. 
Alana nodded crying. 
We think their force shield is impenetrable says Daryl , but if the Dark Star exists it can theoretically create the power of the stars as our ancestors put it , but our scientists theorize it creates a quantum fluctuation of hyper intensified neutrinos that can vaporize any obstacle, material or otherwise. 
Your appearance here has given us hope that we can find it. As we speak, forces of the Chosen One are planning to converge on our encampment and we may be the next ones to be wiped out adds Alana crying.  
Drax and his crew felt a tight knot in the pits of their stomachs as they almost wept as well in shock and horror at hearing about the carnage and the pending onslaught. 
You are time jumpers and have means we can only dream of. You might be our only hope! cried Alana. 
The foursome felt horrified that the beasts they have battled before resulted in the virtual end of humanity in the future and they felt honor bound to provide whatever assistance they could. 
We have to do something screams Tina. 
We shall! Commanded Drax with his fists clenched at his sides. 
The four stands ready before their new allies whose confidence endured with a pair of bright sudden smiles with concerned eyes. 
Chapter 71
The entrance to the dark woods resembled a major motion picture horror as Tina observed. The screeching of nocturnal creatures is dwarfed by the sound of strong winds in the charred remains of old tree barks, branches, and dirt floors smelling of burnt ash and fiery debris. The quartet wandered into the woods with their backpacks filled with food staples, water, and the various items of equipment given to them by their new allies, including light energy projectile weapons. 
I wonder what we can expect in here says James. 
We got to expect the unexpected as we have been doing adds Tina. 
I wonder why they didnt come with us says Mercedes referring back to Alana and Daryl. 
They take us as far as the outskirts of the dark woods. They have to prepare for the defense of the village says Drax, , but it wont be much of one unless we can find this Dark Star. 
We sure have a knack of getting ourselves into some serious situations says James. 
We were born adventurers smiles Tina. 
We should focus on the task at hand. Lets get to the cave at the end of the woods like Alana told us and start there. We should find something. And even if we dont find this Dark Star we might learn more about what it is that causes these jumps and where the time stone sends us, is it random or some rhyme or reason to it, after all we could be on a mission of exploration and journeying to expand our horizons too, just so happens we also have to be called on to save the human race on occasion James smirks. 
It is not new stuff to me. Tina adds.
All of us are. Just how I wanted to start my new career as an ancient relic hunter says Mercedes. 
The quartet activated their flashlight projectile beacons flashing several beams of hot white light into the dark woods and wandered into the woods to start their quest. 
	As the foursome approach a small cabin several miles into the trek of the woods, they stop and look at the run-down wooden structure. They could tell that it was obviously made long after the fiery inferno that charred this forest. The wooden walls were decayed with mold and beginning to crumble slightly. There was a small candle whose light is faint and dying in the small clouded and dirty window of the cabin. 
Who do you suppose lives there? asks Tina. 
Maybe its the crazy old man Kowolski. From what Alana tells me, he has got to be over one hundred and two years old by now. He cant still be alive can he? asks Mercedes. 
My grandfather lived to be 102, whats wrong with that? asks James. 
Oh nothing Mercedes says sheepishly. 
Come on says Drax eyeing the cabin and walking forth steadfastly. Lets go, then suddenly a large figure emerged from a single flash of yellow swirling light that instantly appeared and vanished out of nowhere in the hot white light that is overcoming the darkness. The form was a seven foot creature with long pointed ears, a pale complexion, and fangs as it reared its head above them with a sinister roar. 
Its a vampire screams Mercedes. 
No, its a beast says Drax putting his fists together and swinging at the torso area striking a blow that bent the creature over and knocked it to the ground. Tina ran up to it to grab its arm , but it quickly revived itself and swung itself knocking her far into the woods near the cabin causing her to hit her head on a tree limb and lie there unconscious. James waved his hands before a tree attracting the limbs causing them to break off and then fly towards them and then boomerang towards the creatures head knocking it to the ground rendering it unconscious. After that, another similar creature jumped out and swung at James knocking him to the ground. He quickly rose and tried to use his powers again , but they were soon surrounded by four creatures as three more joined their friend. We are outnumbered says Drax. The three moved around docking blows and barely getting knocked out. James waved his hands trying to summon more broken branches , but as the branches flung towards one of the creatures, it maneuvered itself and dodged them. Two of the creatures grabbed James from behind and subdued him. Mercedes kicked one of the creatures who tried to rush towards her , but is pushed back herself. Drax picked up a branch and struck one of the creatures holding James and as James broke free, he ran off with his colleagues as Drax saw a sudden opening and in the haste of conflict they ran off further towards the vast unknown expanse of the dark woods away from the creatures that departed off in their various directions, their roars hears in the distance. Tina remained lying unconscious on the dirt floor. A shadowy form stands over her after the creatures have departed, ominously looking down.
Drax, James, and Mercedes ran as fast as they could through the dark woods and made it over a mile across the large tract of land. They stop to catch their breaths at a clearing. 
That was close says Mercedes. 
What were those things? asks James. 
Beasts  Drax says. 
, but they seemed stronger somehow and more advanced like with some weird bumps on their bodies and additional speed, agility, and says Mercedes. 
They were definitely more resilient says Drax. 
Where is Tina? asks James. 
She must have been dropped says Drax.
 We have to go back for her James screams with an overprotective voice as he tried to run back , but Drax grabbed him. 
You dont even know where they are or how far away or if she is even still alive. You go back there and you will get yourself killed. Drax lectured James. 
We have to help her says James screaming struggling free. 
We cant! exclaims Drax. 
Whats that? asks Mercedes pointing to a glowing series of lights in the distance. The two men turn to look and saw a series of glowing lights representing all colors of the rainbow spectrum brightly illuminating the dark woods in the distance as a single beacon of light besides their individual portable light projectiles. The beacon glistened brightly as they stand mesmerized by it and approached it slowly like brainwashed zombies following a lure to their subconscious. As they approached, it became clear it isomer than a random phenomenon of lights , but an object that stands several dozen meters high and about half a dozen meters wide. It has a circular shape made of some type of stone metallurgy that they have never seen before. It has several circular layers of platforms each smaller than the last and each almost hovering on top of the other one below it, each separated by a thin series of line connectors that extends down to a central tower that extended higher and higher with rings around it like a giant water fountain growing thinner until it reached its apex and extended outward to encompass another series of circular layers starting with the smallest and connecting to each subsequent layer larger than the last until it has a larger circular layer somewhat smaller than the main one on the bottom series. The top and bottom layers have light bearing circuitry that caused the rainbow lights to increase and dim slowly in turn. The center has a pod that looks like it could fit a person standing upright. Its power aura of rainbow colored lights surrounded the pod and created an image of a person standing in it which faded and recurred again. A slight hum came from the center of the device as it vibrated with lights. 
Wow, its amazing says Mercedes. , but what is it? asks Drax. 
I thought you were the expert says James with a smirk. 
It looks almost like a teleportation pad I havent seen one in years from our own time of course says Drax. 
They have these in our time? asks Mercedes. 
It misclassified at the top secret level by the government and only high ranking agents and Temporo, Inc. affiliates has clearance. 
Like you? She smirks asking. 
Of course, however, it is unveiled to the public in Chronix Bay in 2012. Werent you guys aware of it? 
No I am not from Chronix Bay says Mercedes and I dont really own a television set or computer. 
I was in jail adds James. 
Oh right. Well the Machination went to great lengths to cover it up after the first occupant is killed during an exhibition accident. Basically it disassembles matter at the sub molecular level and transfers it through a material stream of sub temporal spatial energy that then takes it through a semi-spatial tear sort of like a vacuum to another place. 
Sort of like the Time Stone? Mercedes asks. 
Yes , but slightly different. The Time Stone is meant for longer trips or short ones , but through time and space. The teleportation pad focuses on one aspect of that, the trip through space at short distances. Drax explains. 
So what can we do with this? asks James. 
Well, we can set it to take us anywhere within distance of its programmed range, usually one hundred miles or so responds Drax. He steps towards the pedestal and climbs the stairs onto the platform with the pod and he steps into it. 
Wait, what about us? asks Mercedes. 
Just do what I do. Drax says. He pressed a series of , buttons on the command console inside the pod. A series of keys connected to a small display that blinked on and read out a code sequence in strange symbols. He pressed the main switch, a red , button in the center and the pod covered with dead leaves and dirt began to spin around him and the lights converged on it forming around him , but then stops and the spinning also stops. The lights ceased and did not even turn on above them anymore. Drax stepped out with a disappointed grin. 
What happened? asks James. 
I think its broken. 
You broke it? asks Mercedes. 
No, the power source is almost depleted and my use finished draining the battery as it is clearly not enough to fulfill one cycle, let alone three. So much for that plan adds James. 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Inside the cabin, Tina awakens to staring at a large figure with long hollow wings and eyes and face like a fly, curved and hairy black arms and legs with the torso of a well-developed muscular man. The fly creature stands eight feet upright in the cabin wearing animal skin pants and shoes. The creature made a noise like a fly and flapped its wings gently. 
Oh my God says Tina as she stared at him in the center of the room. A series of candles were lit in the far end of the room by the window and surrounding them, gold artifacts and figurines of various cultures adorned the walls and falling apart wooden furniture in the quaint cabin environment. Tina got up and pushed up the sleeves of her sweatshirt. 
Dont be alarmed my child says an elderly man. Tina turns and saw a seated man with a long grey beard, mustache, and silky , but dirty white long hair, his smile one of innocence as he calmly gripped his walking stick before him. Hello. I am Howard Kowolski, physicist and scientist extraordinaire. He speaks with an increasing voice of confidence and ineptness. 
Hi, says Tina with a crinkle in her voice as she approached him , but keeping her eye on the fly creature behind her as she found herself between the two. 
I know this must be difficult for you to understand , but we are not your enemies. We know all about you Tina Prescott and we know you have travelled a very long distance to be here. 
How did you know who I am? she asks. 
We met before , but from your perspective, it has not happened yet and from my perspective it is several decades ago. Here Kowalski reached for a piece of paper in an old cabinet, retrieved an even older letter, and handed it to Tina. 
What is this? she opens up the yellow decayed piece of paper with barely legible faded writing. She squinted and saw a map of the area, including the dark woods, something she saw called the cavern of lights, and the great island all identified in plain English. 
You need to get up to the cavern of lights. To fly is the only way. There are a lot of mysterious creatures there. 
Why are you giving this to me? 
I have thought a lot about various things since we last met lets just say I am inspired by our last conversation. 
The one I havent has yet? 
Exactly child, you must begin to think fourth dimensionally about everything. Einstein himself says the greatest experiences we can have experienced in life are the ones with the mysterious and then there are more mysteries in the world yet to be uncovered. I devoted my life to concept of time and finding the time stone. I believe the world may change for the better if not in the future then in the past, after all you have discovered the time stone, a legend in and of itself.
What do you know about the time stone? she asks. 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Mr. Drax, what exactly does the Time Stone have to do with all these beasts? Asks Mercedes as the trio walks through the dark woods.
Well its very complicated , but it is part of a very big and very secretive project. 
A project of the Machination? asks James. 
Yes. We were trying to harness energy from what is called the Spatial-Temporal EM anion-axis grid. It is kind of an invisible energy surge that surrounds the planet at all times and is basically responsible for keeping things in harmony and it often times develops gaps that can be plugged into with various frequencies like a radio. In ancient times, this grid is personified as the Gods of various cultures and we figured out that its more of a living thing and that the planet draws power from it that is directly influenced by the sun. Drax says. 
Cool, tell us more OK? asks Mercedes. 
Yeah, you dont really know the half of it. So anyway we were able to build a device to achieve the energy conversion particles similar to the teleportation mechanism in that pad, like the one we has in our own time and which we believe existed in the past from an advanced civilization, probably the creators of the Time Stone itself. This device punctured a hole in the space-time continuum and let loose the first beast, a multithreaded dragon-like creature that identified herself as the guardian and told us that we have awakened them. These beasts are unfeeling for the most part and attack without provocation. They lack all humanity because they are not human, or at least it is what I thought.  Anyway, this hole is actually a conduit, a bridge to another universe, part of a multiverse. The beasts hole was never investigated to find out where they originated , but their beast universe kept sending more and more until it is out of control and soon they were flooding the lab. The only way is to use the ancient relic we discovered in Brazil representing the ancient Sunstone of the Mesoamerican cultures and the Time Stone itself to send them off into the void , but I dont think we realizes the drastic effect it would have on each time they landed in. It is reckless plus I noticed some of the beasts show human qualities like compassion, love, and generosity. They are not all bad. I learned that labeling them as such is wrong. That is why I could not withstand the Machination much longer. They have an inner corruption to destroy what doesnt agree with their collective wisdom. They steal ideas and salvage technology for their own benefit.
 Wow says Mercedes. 
So what do we do now? James asks. 
We try to get back to our own time, to 2012 and stop what we know will happen as evidenced by your vision confirming the disasters we saw here assuming the explosion in James vision is linked to the Machination experiment. It is a good assumption says Drax to James. 
Indeed James and Mercedes nodded in agreement to him. 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Tina apprehensively backed away in awe from Kowolski and the fly creature. Separated from her friends, she felt anxious in the surroundings of people who claimed to know her , but whom she never met.  
Kowolski? she asks. 
Yes, my child. The time stone is something I have been looking into pretty much all my life. I know that you have been using the time stone and what I know is apparently a lot. I have found out a great deal. What I have found is astonishing. Basically the time stone emits quantum kapto metaphasic kinetic energy and exists in each Time as a focal point. The time stone stores this energy in each time forming a parallax and a continuum links them. They in turn harmonize the elements in the infinity domain between worlds of our metaverse. In the wrong hands, you are looking at a very powerful weapon capable of causing a catastrophic chain reaction throughout all of space time. While I still dont understand the mechanism that this energy uses to open the temporal wormhole or to cause the other attributes of the time stones nature, I have found it to be a source of great urgency and prowess. The Time Stones creators were indeed advanced and ominous to say the least. Kowolski stops suddenly looking at Tinas dumbfounded expression on her face. That is the light bearing traversable conduit you use to travel in between Times.
Ah she nodded in understanding.
I am certain of this: you must be very careful as thought and energy are one in the vortex and once you pass the event horizon, you are reorganized from matter to energy.
You know a lot.
I know I have used it from time to time and seen it in others, including you.
Huh? 
	Kowolski broke out in a horrific mix of loud coughs and delirious laughter, another time paradox indeed. 
	Senile old man Tina whispered to herself shaking her head. And we met!?!Who are you guys, really? asks Tina looking towards the large winged creature. 
We are the Protectors. Says Kowolski as the large fly creature stands at attention without uttering a sound. 
Huh? 
Well, there are those who focus on righting wrongs as they see them. Have you ever wondered why the world appears so random and how events always work out? It has been by design. I lead a group of beasts like this young one who have decided long ago that it is best to do right and act chivalrous and true above all else otherwise there really is no point of living is there? 
, but sometimes you have to do what may not seem right to overcome something of great necessity says Tina choosing her words carefully in the philosophical. 
That is your belief. Not ours. We would rather die than surrender our beliefs in acting righteous and without hesitation even in the face of insurmountable odds. 
And this group, they have always existed? Tina asks. 
As far back as time and memory can take us! They were cloaked in legend and myth once upon a time, revered as titans of fear and ridicule, changing over time to be more melodramatic, demigods if you will from various cultures across the globe and then remained in secret societies for several centuries. There are plagues and curses by those in the prophetic community linking references to various external sources such as the book of exodus, the I-Ching, the ancient Mayan codex, etc, etc. Organizations hidden in secrecy like the Illuminati, the Council of 12, the Knights Templar, the Armageddon ones, the legends go on and on , but none compare in secret to those hidden in time that battle the forces of darkness both destined to rise again. , but they remained by one name and one name only, the Retribution. Ultimately, they rested here after the great conflict they were forced out and fought alongside the allied forces , but now there are none left, only the evil ones that the central apex who await the slaughter of the Retribution beasts and the rest of humanity. 
You seem to want me to believe that there exists a very real group of legendary and mythical entities that seek to save individuals from their worst fears while simultaneously covering up the truth of their existence? 
Thats right, for the protection of the world and freedom.  
Wow! 
So we know you are going after the Dark Star and we will assist you. Kowolski says. 
How? asks Tina.
The only way to the cavern of lights is to soar above the clouds. The winds are far too arduous for straight passage up the mountainside. Kowolski finished his thought and then the fly creature flapped its wings in multiple directions making a faint buzzing sound growing louder and louder as he hovered off of the ground and flew around in spirals above the wooden floor of the small room. Remember, we live in the present only a short time and dream of what the future has in store for us , but we ultimately learn our most eternal and wisest truths not from the future , but from our past. Let the past guide you on this journey into it. Says Kowolski as the fly man grabbed Tina by the waist with both hands outstretched. 
Whoa, wait says Tina. 
There is no time. You must act now or the prophecies will not be complete and all is lost. Go now says Kowolski as the creature lifted Tina up into the air. 
What about you? Screams Tina as the creature lifted her upward. 
Take this says Kowolski throwing up a small handheld device with a screen. Alvin will take you as far as the entranceway yells Kowolski. Tina caught it and tucked it in her pants. Good luck yells Kowolski as the fly creature Alvin and Tina flew off out of the smoke stacked chimney of the old cabin and into the night dark forest sky. 
Then, Drax, Mercedes, and James stop at a clearing after hiking several miles in and through the dark forest. 
Mr. Drax yells Mercedes. What are we going to do about this dark star? We have no clue where it is or how to find it? 
Yeah chimed in James we have been walking for hours already. I am so beat; I can fall asleep on this log. 
Wait Drax pulls James by the arm as James is about to collapse on what he thought was a log , but it slithered away when sensing their sudden movement. 
Holy crap, is that like an anaconda or something? James asks. 
Boa constrictor, good thing you didnt lay down on that log says Drax as he fiddled with his wrist device trying to reprogram it. I think there is a way to get to the caves up there quicker. My scans show a heavy energy reading. It could be the location of this Dark Star or something like it. I have been seeing the same recurring light patterns up there and think it may be the source of the power for this dark star weapon. 
Wow, you are attentive says Mercedes. 
It is my job, kid Drax fiddled with the controls some more until it finally lit up. Eureka he yells fate smiles upon us as he moved the small joystick on his wrist device and waited. 
What are you doing now? asks Mercedes. 
James yawned. 
I am getting us a ride says Drax smiling. Within seconds they hears a sound like a small airplane buzzing nearby and a high pitched hum and it got louder and louder. Within seconds lights emerged from the dark woods and they saw a small vehicle approaching hovering and slowly landing in the clearing beside them after slowly maneuvering towards them, the bottom completely lit and extending to the surrounding parts of the chassis. The car is faded with rust covering the once red shining metals and sleek ergonomic design of the chassis. 
A car, looks like a Macerate says James. 
Covered in rust says Mercedes. 
Actually its a Lamborghini 5000, very limited edition experimental prototype says Drax. It has been hidden in a secret location for I guess several centuries , but it could use a wash he grimaces looking at the rust and decay, wear and tear of the elements taking its toll on the cars exterior experience. At least it still works he uttered. 
How did you do this? Asks Mercedes shocked at the sight of it. 
It is part of a mission I was on in 2012 and when the Machination R&D department invests in something, it invests. The half-life on the solution for most of our technology is over ten thousand years so I figured this thing must still be around somewhere in this Time and if I could just get my wrist remote to work with the proper frequency, I could summon it here for us. Drax says. 
I thought you say you were cut off from the Machination says James. 
I was , but whos to say they even exist in this Time. I am able to access the old intelligence super mainframe of the Greets RD, I guess I could add computer hacker to my resume laughs Drax as he opens the doors to the car simultaneously with his wrist remote. I guess now I will be seeking a new job says Drax jokingly. 
Id hire you smiles Mercedes. 
You couldnt afford me, Kid. He got into the drivers seat and pressed the dashboard console lighting up several key commands causing a yellow light window to appear on the windshield as the top slowly disassembled itself piece by piece with a robotic noise and vanished. 
Whats that? asks Mercedes curiously. 
Its holographic says Drax reaching over to the glove box and waving his hand over the windshield changing the display to different schematics and maps. The compartment expanded outward and slid up. Drax pulls out a single black glove with wiring around it and bumps and spikes protruding it. He slid it on his left hand. Oh, fits like a glove he joked. 
What is that for, some kind of metallurgic transformation? asks Mercedes as she sits beside Drax in the passenger seat and James squeezed into the back nearly falling asleep. 
I am impressed. Drax says. 
Im a scientist, remember Mercedes smiles, and this glove? She picked up a black piece of cloth with metal and diamonds covering it. 
Its called a Elfin Glove Drax says as he takes it and put it on his right hand then holding out his gloved hand over the windshield as he stands in the topless vehicle. He squeezed something inside it and the entire palm of his hand lit up with hot white energy and fired a projectile beam of concentrated light particles together in a single blast of a brilliant flash of light simultaneously obliterating the burned trees before them stretching out and making a clear path for miles ahead. 
Oh my God yells Mercedes. 
Awesome yells James wide awake now, I want one. 
Thats what I call a driving glove says Drax. Youre not the only one with super powers, James. 
We finally have some real firepower here says Mercedes. 
And that isnt all says Drax as he pressed a series of commands on the dashboard console appearing with a sliding motion before him revealing several , buttons and screens. He pressed one red , button and the front of the car split open into three directions the hood rising up before them and above them leaving room for viewing through the windshield while the sides split sideways each parting to its own way and the front a silver scorpion ensemble glowing bright orange with fierceness as the hood of the car continues to rise up and join with the trunk rising upward further to form a curving metal tentacle like the tail of a scorpion. The hood of the car displayed a raised metal relief form of a scorpion glowing bright orange in the darkness when the car is fully powered up. 
Wow screams Mercedes. The orange light intensified into the night sky and spiked sideways expanding to form a large projectile as if ready for launch and then it stops as Drax pressed another , button. 
Thats just a taste of this babys firepower he says. 
This car has got weapons? asks Mercedes. 
This car is the weapon replies Drax confidently. 
Amazing says Mercedes. 
Lets go says Drax as he sits back down, hit the controls of the car and put both hands on the wheel and rode the vehicle forward with his comrades and then upward hovering into the night air ready for what awaited them in what has been called the cavern of lights above the dark forest. 
Throughout the rocky terrain of the mountainside, there stands a fearsome creature amongst the dead blackened trees and stillness of night under the pale moonlight, a hideous roar bellowed through the trees as the lion-faced beast stands perched above the cliffs, his long fangs reeked of blood, his mane long to the tail of his spine, and his dark fur glowing with moisture from his perspiration. He wore a long leather hunters coat and fedora-like feathered hat, he held a bayonet, and wore boots that fitted up to his ankles with shining buckles matching that on his belt and tunic underneath the coat, the symbol a familiar one to anyone who matched horns with his brethren, the swirling coat of arms of the Culto de la piedra tiempo. 
The giant fly man flew through the air with rapid precocity as he grasped Tina in his arms. So you dont say much says Tina as she marveled at the view of the dark forest from the impressive birds eye view above, as they passed dead rivers and dry lakebeds above the charred remains of the ancient dark forest and closer and closer came to the mountainside. I have never seen a forest from a birds eye view before uh I mean flys eye view she joked. So Alvin do you have a last name or do I just call you Mr. Alvin Fly, she says laughingly and the fly creature made a silent unintelligible pitch from his rapid moving jaws and multiple layers of teeth. Oh well hopefully we can find this Dark Star. The power it is rumored to have is got to be worth billions. She smirks as the flight continues uninterrupted and the mountains were in distance. We should get off near there she pointed. Alvin then navigated past the rocky hills and made their way towards a precipice where they touched ground and Tina gladly stretched her legs. Whoa that is fun and as she says it with that Alvin the fly man takes off and flew away from the mountains. Wait where are you going, dont just leave me she yells as she saw the fly man continue rapidly away until he is out of sight. Well thats just fine and dandy she pouted sarcastically with her hands on her hips. 
Hovering above the intrepid calamity of the dark forest is the scorpion car with Drax and his dumbfounded cohorts. There it is says Drax pointing up towards the precipice of the cavern in the mountain terrain rapidly approaching before them. We have to get up there to the cavern of lights he says as the blue and red lights twinkling in the cavern before them as they approached got closer and closer. Upon landing slowly on the precipice, a stream of jet emissions unleashed before the vehicles underbelly lowering it to the rock face below them and the lights of the cavern ceased to blink leaving them in complete darkness. 
Wow, I thought this is supposed to be the cavern of lights. So why is it so dark? asks Mercedes. 
Yeah, it was lights a moment ago and now its not says James. 
Maybe its an illusion adds Drax something to lure us here and now it is gone. He replies putting on his light beacons from his wrist remote device illuminating the cavern before them and marching forward leading the trio behind their bright flood of light. 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Down below in the rocky terrains foothold near the only body of water surrounding the dark forest, a lone ship rested up against the rocks, a tall brigadier cruiser with metallic underpinnings attached to the wood hull and light diodes all around it, a series of metallic alloy wheels spun slowly in the light wind around the sail posts without sails and the large hull rocked gently on the rough waves as they crashed against the bow of the ship and the rocky shore around the ship. 
Open sesame my mates, we are preparing for the journey says a tall bowlegged man with a long beard, eye patch over his right eye, and old eighteenth century naval fleet attire in pristine condition, black with gilded highlights, long curly black locks behind him, a grit of determination in his hoarse voice, and corn pipe in his mouth. His wooden teeth were crooked, his breath smelled of rum, and his one good eye beady with redness to the cabin girl who raised up the stairwell from the lower cabin, a young woman with blonde locks and a sullen grin used to the harsh realities of life on the open seas. 
Aye Sir, we are prepared below. We just need to wait for the Sergeant. 
Well done, Yulelka, we will wait for the rest to come, with a high-pitched Scottish accent snarled Captain Rigel Cutlass of the doom ship Gorge Hunter.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
What the hell is all this? Asks James as the trio wandered through the cavern seeing the walls through the light from Draxs beacon. The walls depicted drawings of different people, places, animals, and things. 
These seem to be pictographs says Drax. 
Much like the ones we saw in ancient Egypt says Mercedes. They are carefully preserved even this far into the future, how weird? 
It is weird , but not impossible given the altitude of this cavern. This story is something I have read about before. Drax points to a series of drawings depicting individuals in a sequence showing several figures hovering above a central one figure possessive of several objects and five dots surrounding the figure shaped like a pentagon. 
This looks like the orbs in the time stone says James. 
Yes, says Drax pointing to the figures hovering above and what looks like a sailing ship in midair between them with dots resembling stars and constellations and other symbols resembling writing that Drax studied briefly and understands. This is an ancient story of a race of beings known as the Pregivers. 
Pregivers? asks Mercedes. How odd, what do they give? 
The sky gods the Awondel tribe speaks about James says. 
Well, the story goes that they are visitors from another galaxy and came here long ago in a white hot light orb and gave the gift of life to this world, the gift of law, the gift of peace and war. Drax read. 
War is a gift? asks James. 
Its all about balance says Drax so the story goes they build a device to transport through time and space, also known as the time stone , but they have many powers at their disposal. They are one of the thirteen races we learned about before , but there is more. They foresaw a time of great trouble for the world and knew there must come a time for their long awaited return. Drax read continuously. 
What happened to them? asks Mercedes. 
They just ceased , but foresaw their return in one chosen to carry their infinite power and wisdom onward towards the future, the legendary holder of stones, one of great power and ability who will... Hmm! Drax says. 
What? Mercedes asks. 
The rest of the text is blackened. He held the beacon to it , but the wall with the rest of the writing and pictures is dark and illegible. The rest is lost to time, I am afraid. He says. 
Broad Staffnight called me the holder says James shocked. 
You do have incredible powers says Mercedes. 
I know. James is the holder of stones. With the rest of the writing erased, we cannot tell his ultimate purpose and destiny and must wait to find out says Drax. 
Hmm, its scary says James. 
When the time comes, I trust that you will have no fear of what needs to be done says Drax. 
Oh my goodness yells Tina seeing her cohorts. I thought that is you. I thought that I would never see you guys again she ran over to them from the other side of the cavern. 
Tina yells James as they embraced. 
Mercedes joined in. Its good to see you. 
We thought you were a goner back there says Drax. 
You cant keep me down she replies. 
We missed you says Mercedes. 
Thanks, same here. Its good to be back with my buddies. It is so dark here for a while all alone , but what is this place? 
Welcome to the cavern of lights says Mercedes patting her arms up and down. 
Not much says James. 
Then suddenly they hear a loud roar from the far end of the cave like thunder. 
What the hell is that? asks Tina. 
Lets find out Drax edged forward leading his entourage into the dark abyss of the cavern of lights. 
	The noise became louder and louder as the quartet approached the end of the cavern and found a wall. 
Dead end says Drax. 
Damn says James. 
What now? Tina asks. 
There is nothing, not even more writing on the wall says Mercedes. 
So what do we do now? Asks Tina as she leaned up against a part of the rock wall in the far end of the cavern that pressed inward forming a crevice in the rock face that caused her to tumble and fall onto the sandy floor below. "Whoa she yells as she landed on the sand and crawled around. Drax leaned over to help her up , but felt he drop slowly into the ground. 
I got that sinking feeling says Drax. 
Me too, its quicksand! screams Tina as she crawled around and is pulls down on all fours her face closing into the sand. 
Keep your head up says James as he reached for her and pulls her head out of the sand , but stumbled onto his knees as he fell into the sinking sand crawling around as well. 
Oh no not you too says Mercedes as she wandered around wobbling and waving her hands. 
We need to grab hold of something screams Drax. 
There is nothing says James. 
Stay calm, panicking only makes it worse says Mercedes. 
Tinas face fell into the sand. 
Were goners screams James sinking deeper into the sand. 
Wait, look says Mercedes pointing upward as she remained calm while still sinking slowly. Drax looks up to where she is pointing and saw a series of blinking lights, red, yellow, purple, green blue, orange, indigo, each light from a diode embedded in the rock face above them. I dont get it says Mercedes. 
Uh, it looks like Morse code or something like it says Drax dropping down as the sand sucked him around his waist. 
Can you interpret them? asks Mercedes squinting on them. 
I can barely see says Drax as he felt his face being submerged into the quicksand. Mercedes squinted up to them as she sank down to her waist.  
I dont get it. She cried as she sank down to her face and felt it submerge slowly. The foursome is then completely subsumed by the quicksand in the small rock tunnel and quarry leaving a surface of running sands on the empty cave floor. 
Then in a flash of yellowish hazy light emanating in the rock face above, the temporal wormhole appeared and fizzled above the sand. Another Milton Drax stuck his head and body out of the event horizon partially submerged as a light ball covering the bottom half of his body as he wore a uniform that is partially red and partially blue with a golden insignia on his right breast side. He is older with slight wrinkles around his eyes and dark grey tones in his hairline. He reached out to the blinking lights and pressed the red one then the purple one then the blue one and suddenly the quicksand ceased moving and the floor is solid again with the foursome resting sprawled across and laying on the sandy rock floor. With that the second Drax in the temporal wormhole looks down at them and then looks at the rock quarry with the crevice having vanished as the rock face pulls itself back into place leaving it the way it was. He pointed his wrist device, aiming a new silvery device on top of it that he did not have before, at the cave wall above the hidden , button and pressed a trigger mechanism on the device with his other hand. A single white thin projectile of hot white light emanated from the silvery device and struck the rock face causing a small explosion and a hole is created above the hidden , button on the rock face. The explosion caused debris to fall onto the floor below and he noticed the foursome started to move around waking. With that he retracted and vanished back from where he extends the light portal vanished. 
Huh? asks Tina rising up. What just happened? 
I dont know says James rising up and helping Tina up. 
I think we died. Is this heaven? asks Mercedes rising up. 
I dont think we left the cave says James. 
Look says Drax coughing and getting up as he pointed to the cave wall above them as the rubble and debris cleared. They all stared at a new hole created in the rock face and as the smoke cleared, they saw a pictograph in ancient Egyptian form with several men standing and balls of light and animals around them. 
How did this happen? asks Mercedes. 
I wish I knew says Drax. , but its a riddle. 
What does it say? asks Mercedes. 
Well, it doesnt translate well into English , but looselyTwo sides of old at odds now one, an ancient story boldly, a cosmic dream, a crisis doom, both history and destiny convert upon, you must fight great odds , but the end result, change something otherworldly. He sighed finishing. 
That rhymed well , but I think it finishes great conflict commented Tina. 
Well I try , but you are skilled too says Drax.
 Shes brilliant says James. Tina blushed. 
What does it mean? asks Mercedes. 
Well it obviously means something about a great conflict says Drax. 
Like the one Alana told us about says Mercedes. 
Maybe says Drax, I am worried about this whole thing. How did we survive that quicksand? 
Maybe we have a guardian angel says Tina. 
Humph we should get moving. Drax says. 
Where? asks James, there is no way to go , but back way down the cliff in your hooped-up hyper-maintained up scorpion mobile. 
This riddle may hold the answer, says Drax, two sides at odds meaning conflict ancient meaning possible eternal history and destiny  change to something otherworldly, meaning perhaps a symbol of some godly regimen. 
Eternal conflict, good vs. evil, darkness vs. light started Mercedes. 
A ying yang! yells Tina excitedly. 
Then suddenly the panel of inscribed rock before them vanished in a glow of white light. They shielded their eyes as the intensity blinded them and surrounded the entire part of the cavern. A strange humming sound emanated from the wall as the light intensified. After a few seconds, the light and sound ceased and they open their eyes and unshielded them. 
Where are we? asks Mercedes. 
At least we know now why they call this the cavern of lights says Tina. 
Wow says James as they looks about and were now standing in a precipice in an underground cavern, the rock walls spanning miles around glistened with purple lights, and smaller lights representing the various colors of the rainbow spectrum, a series of small cave inlets and openings surrounded the cavern culminating in a large central opening above with some light coming down from the intense light from the bright hot lava flow at the core of the mountain. A narrow suspension bridge made of a metal-reinforced wooden framework stretched across to the other side and a pedestal rested their on a narrow rock platform. Something lit up brightly on the platform. 
What is that? asks Drax. 
I can barely make it out says James. 
Lets go check it out remarked Tina. 
Chapter 72
They followed the bridge in single file with Drax valiantly taking the lead. 
How deep do you think this is? asks Tina looking down at the seemingly endless black void below. 
Got to be at least a million miles says James. 
There is no telling based on geological findings about how deep the Earth central core is. It is simply a very long way down so best to keep your eyes straight and think of something else says Drax nervously brave. 
Anyway, what do you think all this is for? asks Tina. 
It seems like an advanced society once occupied Chronix Bay , but also other parts of the world as their amazing abilities are evidenced all throughout history. We seem to find a lot of them says Mercedes. 
That makes sense, says Drax, the mysterious lights in the sky over Brazil, Egypt, and now here with these vocal oriented transportation links. 
Thats funny replies Tina. 
We are almost there says Drax. 
Any idea what those mysterious creatures were in the dark forest? asks Mercedes. 
They look like vampires says Tina. 
They were obviously beasts from the other place , but highly evolved ones being in this point in the future says Drax. 
Other place? asks James. 
Long story, kid, well discuss it another time. Lets just say we were part of an experiment that didnt go very well. Drax says. 
The Machination? asks Mercedes. 
Yeah, look were here. Drax pointed out as he stepped off onto the platform followed by his cohorts. 
What is it? asks Mercedes. They look at the center of the pedestal and saw the glowing light reflecting red and the various colors of the rainbow to a lesser degree. James reached down to grab it. 
Drax yells stop! We dont know what will happen? James then retracted his arm slowly. Hmm Drax pulls out his handheld scanner and holds it over the light. Its radioactive he says. 
Oh no says Tina. 
Dont worry; the level of exposure is too minimal to be harmful to us. Drax scanned and speaks what he read. 
Thank God says Tina. 
However it does have a large amount of power , but I think it has diminished somewhat overtime. It was a lot greater many thousand years before, I say about a billion times more powerful than the sun at one point judging by the rate of radioactive decay and the half-life of the  whatever it is. 
That can kill someone right? asks Mercedes. 
Oh yeah, were lucky we found it now instead of when it is in its prime. I reckon its some kind of battery source device. Drax says. 
The altar looks familiar says James looking at the marble like form and symbol etched into it. 
The pregivers says Tina. 
Yes it seems they are behind most of the archaic items we come across says Drax. 
It is and it is all mine yells a crinkled voice in the distance. 
The foursome looks up and saw a form running across the bridge towards them, a beast with the body and composure of a man , but with the face of a lion whose main rode down to the base of his spine in a tightly braided knot, a long gilded adorned coat, a long curved dagger in his right hand, and a belt buckle with a familiar symbol. They saw the symbol and stands in shock. 
The Culto! they exclaims simultaneously. 
What the heck?  Asks Drax rhetorically as the beast drove himself onto the platform with a sudden halt and tremendous roar into the echoing cavern above them. 
Just FYI, the time stone is glowing again says James.
Thank God for small favors says Mercedes. 
I will claim the Orgola Golon! He says in a crinkly voice as if communicating by some electronic device hidden in his coat that translated his roars into the English language. 
Who are you? asks Drax. 
Capulow the beast responds as he leaped up with amazing agility and hopped over the pedestal as he reached for the light with his free hand and grabbed a round jewel that faded once removed from the pedestal. Capulow landed on his feet and ran back across the bridge at lightning speed once possessing the item. The platform began to shake as did the entire cavern with rocks crumbling downward in a sudden avalanche of natural stone. 
What the heck? Tina asks. 
We got to go now says Drax and the four ran back across the bridge back to the platform they came from. 
Where did the Capulow guy go off to? asks Tina. 
How do we get out of here? Asks Mercedes as they look about and saw no visible signs of escape. James reached for the Time Stone and saw it is glowing along with the five orbs at its center. In the distance, Mercedes pointed out look!
There is Capulow running across the stone walls vertically at lightning speed seeming like a blur colored in blue and gold until he vanished into the rocks many caves above towards the central opening. 
Thats amazing Tine says. The rocks began to snowball and come down in larger intervals striking the bridge and the platforms, the bridge began to give way and drop the multiple stories below. 
Lets get out of here the only way we know how says James as he held the Time Stone out and turns it causing the temporal wormhole to appear as they have seen it many times before. 
Where will we go now? asks Mercedes. 
Any place is better than here says James. 
Ladies first says Drax. 
Such a gentleman says Tina running first followed by Mercedes as they transformed into balls of hot yellow energy being sucked in one by one. James and Drax looks at one another as the rocks kept falling onto their location and ran together transforming into balls of hot yellow energy just as a giant boulder came crashing down on the spot where they stands and then the balls of light were sucked into the roaring vortex that quickly faded thereafter. The cavern collapsed onto itself with continuing furiousness with not a soul remaining in the caves.
The roar of the vortex is loudly hears by the crew of the Doom ship Gorge Hunter. The captain and first mate stands in awe at the unbelievable power before their eyes; a light punctured itself into thin air and emitted four projectiles that were transformed into people they never met. As the light faded, Drax and his crew found themselves in the presence of another crew onboard a tall ship with metallic underpinnings decorating the wooden hull and tall masts made of the same material with light diodes and beacons surrounding every yardarm, stern, and port. 
Ahoy Mate says the long winded captain whose long dark beard and hair, eye patch, long coat, gold earring, and mechanical robotic parrot on his shoulder made him fit the stereotypical pirate definition they were all familiar with. 
Ahoy yourself says Tina cavalierly receiving somewhat dirty looks from her friends. 
Uh, what she means is we are lost says Drax calmly. We would like to know where we are 
Or when adds Mercedes. 
Aboard ye are brigadier freights of far log hanging and weaponry Gorge Hunter. I am Captain Rigel Cutlass. We welcome you beings of far flung places. 
Right says James we be 
Time jumpers are you says Captain Cutlass anticipating his answer. We welcome you as guests aboard the Gorge Hunter. 
Thanks says James. 
In one of the many quarters below deck, Drax sits on a bed with no feet. 
This is pretty cool commented Mercedes. 
Its a flying bed, cant get much more high tech says Tina. 
Yeah replies James. 
Who is that beast? Capulow? asks Drax muttering under his breath. 
There was a legend in Celtic mythology, a giant cat knows as the Cath Palug is says to have terrorized the Welsh island of Anglesy before being defeated by the legendary King Arthur in the middle ages. 
So you think this Capulow is the Cath Palug? asks Mercedes. 
Anything is possible now says Drax. 
, but he just vanished. I have never seen anyone that evolved and what is the red stone we saw? Tina muttered. 
He is amazing. , but this is the future. We have to expect the unexpected says Mercedes. 
I noticed strange writing on that altar where the device was says Drax. It was a message translated as time waits for no one the voyage is long  great power awaits let the light be your guide. The truth is your fate says Drax. 
What does that mean? asks Tina. 
Some kind of treasure, a weapon, the Dark Star? asks Mercedes reasoning it out. 
Its a treasure map to find the dark star says James and we lost it. 
, but we can get it back. We got time on our side Says Tina. 
Yeah, its good were still in the same Time, right? asks James. 
More or less adds Tina, from what Captain Cutlasss First Mate Kelron told us this is 4224.56 or in terms of our calendar way out there. 
The system changed some time ago, says Drax.
 Were like a fish out of water here piecing things together bit by bit says Mercedes. 
Any idea on the look of things? asks Drax. 
Look yeah he looks real good, cute , but not my type, kind of self-righteous says Tina. 
Look of the situation, I meant says Drax sternly. 
Oh well, were definitely post great conflict she replies everyone seems to curse it as the downfall of everything. 
Whatever the great conflict is or was caused by commented Mercedes. 
We can still investigate and find the dark star. There are lives at stake here says Drax. 
Or we could go home adds James. The Time Stone still has some life to it he holds it out and shows it is glowing with the five orbs at its center. 
Wheres your sense of adventure, James? asks Tina rhetorically. 
I left it back there with my lunch says James partly joking. , but we dont belong here. Lets try to focus in the void to wind up back in 2012. We overshot the mark before , but if we all really concentrate 
I dont know about that James, I think we were sent here for a reason, it explains why we are still here even after going through the void again says Drax. 
Dont tell me your turning religious on us says James. 
I was raised Roman Catholic. I learned about the sacraments and the gospel and that Christ died for our salvation. 
Maybe the Virgin and the Saints are leading us on a path says Mercedes. 
And for what purpose is this supposed to be? Drax asks curiously. 
I dont know says Mercedes shaking her head , but it is worth finding out. There is more out there for us to see and do. She adds. 
We are natural born adventurer explorers after all right James? asks Tina reminding him of their earlier conversations. 
We can ask Captain Cutlass for help to get to where we need to be says Mercedes. 
Well, lets be careful here. We dont know what repercussions our actions would have cautioned James. 
What about the Scorpion car? Mercedes asks. 
Is it still accessible? Should be , but needs to recharge before we can access it again , but there is no distance where it cannot be summoned when needed says Drax. 
What Scorpion car? Tina asks. 
Drax looks up at James and Mercedes and smirks. Well show you later! 
The first mate told me there is a story of something called the great island where mysterious things have been known to happen and ships destroyed when approaching. Chances are its where the map would have left us or its a good place to start says Tina. 
Ships destroyed? echoed Mercedes fearfully. 
We have no choice says Drax. Tell the Captain we have to go to the great island. 
Standing on the deck of the Gorge Hunter, Captain Cutlass and his crew, including his first mate Ricon Kelron and cabin girl Yulelka Maken, were preparing for the voyage. 
We shall embark on a quest of vision and courage says Captain Cutlass. We shall help as we have been asks by our guests to find the legendary Dark Star. The voices from the large crowd of seafaring men and women became loud and uncertain as they questioned the logic of this task. 
, but no one has ever returns from the quest for the dark star yells one brave sailor. , but Captain Cutlass is courageous and fierce and issued orders commanding their obedience and they did obey. 
Open the storm drains, batten down the hatches, prepare the masts, and set hole-sail rigged onward, engines and beacons adrift for full speed ahead. The open waters promise to be rough surrounding the great island. , but we have proven rough situations before and we can prove prevalent through this as well. Let us remember today we fight for our culture and the culture of our neighbors on the mainland. While we have never agreed much before, I admit, we must work with them and with our time jumper allies for there is a greater threat to our shores, a menace of evil whose armies threaten all we hold true and dear. Together let us embark on our greatest journey. The crowd erupted in applause swallowing their senses of pride and fear. 
Within moments of the captains orders the ship sailing preparations were underway and the voyage is set for. The masts lit up with an explosion of light from holographic generation that illuminated in air around the ship in the form of sails. The weaponry is prepped from stern to stern made of silver material and prepared to emit high pitched plasma particles. The light beacons lit up with bright red amber shining in the dawning sky. The triple decks with over 400 rooms were battened down with metallic awnings and armor around the wooden hull. Tina smiles when she saw the crew hustling about this amazing marvel bestowed before her, a future pirate ship. The ship began its magnificent voyage across the dark seas ahead at the break of dawn with the wave of Cutlass large red flag in his hands representing the old union prior to the great conflict. 
Let us achieve true success! The bright lights from the holographic sails flowed in the winds and the tail of the vehicle emitted vapor energy cleansed from the bowels of the ships core reactor and emitting in trails of three pushing the ship along the mighty rough seas crimson waves.  
Tina approached James who has his eyes closed on the starboard side of the ship facing the water tide. What are you doing buddy? She says. 
I think I can see it says James. 
Huh noted Tina. 
The stone from the cavern of light, the one Capulow stole. It is nearby. I can sense it. I dont know how , but I can sense it and see it close to this place. 
Your powers must be growing again she adds. 
I can just reach out with my mind he continues speaking with his eyes closed and focusing on the sight of the red lightless stone in his minds eye. 
Concentrate dude says Tina wide eyed in shock. 
Hmm James focused on the stone and felt his entire body shiver as he began to shake. His eyes began to light up within a few moments. He felt the pull of the object he sought and used all his might to focus on it and pull it towards them. Several minutes would pass when one of the crew would begin yelling at the top of his lungs that he saw something curses, curses, there be omens in the air and as they all soon looks up and all saw what appeared to be a red jewel flying above them and drawing closer to the Gorge Hunter. The winds picked up as the stone vibrated in the air tunneling to them like a torpedo in the distance coming towards them and circling the port side of the ship arriving in a full sweep into the air above James. Tina reached up and grabbed it. 
Amazing she yells. 
A small step for man, large leap for the holder says Drax proudly. 
We got the map now says Mercedes marveled. 
Blessed be says Cutlass. 
Mercy me says Yulelka. 
We got the Orgola Golon says James opening his eyes and turning. I think we can expect Capulow to find us again. 
Dont worry, well get him says Drax.
Then suddenly Yulelka pointed out something as she looks in pure astonishing horror, its them! Everyone looks at the largest ship they have ever seen sail the seas, many have seen it , but few have lived to tell about it. 
Whats that? asks Drax. 
A legend alive before us, one of pure evil says Cutlass with a great frown.  
The ship they approached is large, almost twice the size of the Gorge Hunter, enamored with three times as many cannons on either side, each one with a small projectile firing mechanism at the end, a small sphere of silver, as the entire arm began to glow with light and electricity reaching the silver ball at their tips and flashing like multiple stars surrounding the hull, readying to fire their energy. The hull is triple reinforced with metallic armor and extension wings that made it seem like a giant seagull gliding across the waters. The sails were holographic as well. The engine emitted trails of light pushing it aloft the rough stormy seas. 
What is that? asks James. 
That is the mightiest of the might, the scourge of the eight seas, says Cutlass with absolute fear in his voice, the Marauder! 
She has equipment ten times as powerful as we do, Trans morph torpedo launchers, multi-laser cannons, and a trans-phasic energy based armament says Yulelka. 
Never hears of that kind of technology says Mercedes. 
Its very unusual. It doesnt exist anywhere except on board that ship replies Yulelka. 
Could they be from the future? asks Tina well the future of this future she adds nonchalantly. 
Anything is possible, or they have help says Drax. The fear and panic in their tones is immense as they watched in agony as the Marauder approached and they could do nothing , but pray that it would pass them by on their voyage to the great island. , but it did not and the sounds of the braking system on the Marauder erupted like torments in hell. 
We got trouble says James. 
Maybe we can talk our way out of this says Drax. 
If not, lad, we will not be able to outfight says Cutlass. We simply cannot win. No one ever has. 
The Marauders weapons are targeting us yells Yulelka. The silvery orbs on the tips of their cannons lit up and aimed at the Gorge Hunter. Multiple streams of thin laser energy flew towards the Gorge Hunter and struck its underpinnings of metal rocking the mighty vessel back and forth along the waves. 
That sucked screams Tina. Several crew members fell overboard. The firing continues.
We got to do something says James. 
Why are they doing this? asks Mercedes holding onto the mast. 
We invaded their sea. They are very territorial. We have never been out this far to see them, only hears of them in legend says Cutlass screaming as he held to the side of his ship and barked orders, return fire, return fire. 
Weapons are down says Ricon. 
Were doomed says Tina. 
I got an idea says Mercedes. She grabbed the glowing time stone from James and turns it. 
Youre going to time jump them? asks Drax. 
Not them us she yells as the temporal wormhole opens up in a flash of light before them and in between the two ships. The crews of both shipped stops in awe as the Gorge Hunter maneuvered slightly towards it. 
We need more speed says Drax.
 Now Cutlass gave the order and struck his hand down like the hammer of God as the ships helmsman turns the wheel with a mighty stroke sending the ship lurching towards the roaring vortex as the Marauder continues its assault. The Gorge Hunter received numerous blasts and caught fire on one of the masts disabling the holographic sails. 
Were dead yells Ricon. 
Not yet says Mercedes as the entire Gorge Hunter amidst in flames and all its remaining inhabitants came within close proximity of the vortex and transformed into a ball of energy being sucked into the vortex that soon then quickly vanished to the behest of the crew of the Marauder left in awe. The captain of the Marauder rested on the deck of his ship with a serious grit on his face showing his sharp teeth in anger.
After being released from the roaring vortex, the Gorge Hunter travelled along the water slowly. The crew hustled about trying to fan the flames with rags while Ricon ran up to the main control panel at the helm of the ship and pressed the emergency red , button that caused a stream of coolant to flow from the beacons as they turns towards the masts and sprayed their water vapor that generated the electrical components putting out the flames. The crew cheered. 
We made it says Tina. 
Quick thinking, I am impressed says Drax to Mercedes. 
Thanks. Seemed like a leap of faith Replies Mercedes. 
Where or when are we? asks James. 
Land Ho yells the ship yeoman from the mast bucket high above the ship. 
Its the great island says Cutlass slowly. 
The Island looks weird. It is not at all like I envisioned with more greenery and taste says Tina. 
This isnt some Robert Louis Stevenson novel, sometimes life is funny says Drax. 
The great island is dark and desolate, appearing like a lone piece of charcoal in the blanket sea, and a harbinger of great mysteries cloaked in absolute darkness in the midst of daylight. 
Wow says James. We are the first to see this? 
Well we dont know. Legends were told of the great island as a place of mystery and wonder , but also fear and dread. Those who were supposedly able to arrive here have never returned. I fear we may soon join them says Cutlass nervously. 
Dont worry we got time on our side says Tina smiling. 
Look guys, I think this map is more, a possible storage device Drax pointed to the stone in Tinas hand holding his handheld scanner over it.
 Its more than a battery? asks Mercedes. I think the altar is the battery , but the stone is for storage of information. We just have to access it. 
How do we do that? asks James. 
Well, if it has info, Drax and I can probably translate and read it on my scanner if finding the right frequency it is pitched into. We could find the map to find the dark star in the great island. Tina says. 
The great island has many secrets says Cutlass and is rumored to hold a weapon of great invincibility and power. 
The dark star says Mercedes. 
Yeah says Drax. 
Chapter 73
The ship arrived anchoring down near the island. We can make our way via shuttle boat says Cutlass as the small vessel is released from the lower decks after the front bow lowered and opened. 
Well go alone says Drax. 
No, demanded Cutlass, I go with you. I lost seven men on that battle and want to make sure we dont lose anymore. Yulelka you be in charge until I return. 
Yes, Captain she replies and ran back. 
Alright, lets go says Drax. The five adventurers boarded the small shuttle boat on the side of the ship. Drax felt nervous that Cutlass insisted on coming. 
The shuttle boat like a miniature version of the Gorge Hunter rode across the water to the deserted dark beaches of the great island, a large tapestry of inlets that curved landscapes near rocks threatening to tear them apart if they dared venture too close. The waves rocked them back and forth , but the trail of energy vapor emitting from it kept them on course until they touched based. Cutlass joined the foursome on their quest for the dark star as his skills in leadership and fighting may prove beneficial thought Drax. 
After docking on the shore, the five adventurers marched towards the inlets in the mountainous region to the north using only Draxs handheld scanner and their wits as their guide. Then suddenly they observed several objects in the sky like dark dots getting closer and closer before approaching close enough. 
Its those vampire things says Mercedes. 
The beasts says Drax standing ready to fight. 
They can fly says Tina. 
We can see that says James. 
We shall prevail says Cutlass with his large raspy voice as he is reaching for his sword and swinging it towards the nearest beast. The beast repelled itself against the wind. Drax reached for his elfin glove, put it on, and began firing several intense projectiles of hot white light from it. As his colleagues ducked and dodged the blasts and ran for cover on the sandy dunes ahead, Drax continues to fire from his glove and emit hot white piercing beams of energy towards the prey floating above them viciously snarling as they swooped down to attack. The beasts moved around until one is struck and fell. The rest flew off into the distance. 
They were the same beasts we fought in the woods , but with wings says Tina.  
That was close says Mercedes. 
We should keep moving says Drax. They walk for miles until reaching the base of the mountain at the far side of the great island. Drax led the way with his wrist devices light beacon. 
Spooky says Tina. 
Yeah, , but I am not afraid says James, I will protect you. 
My hero says Tina. 
We need to get up there says Mercedes looking up at the caves on to either side of them built into the mountain walls at the end of the island passing , but with no precipice just openings in the rock face. 
I know just the thing says Drax. 
Yes. Mercedes responds knowing what he is referring to. 
Am I going to see the Scorpion car now? asks Tina jokingly. 
Indeed Drax says fiddling with his wrist device and pressing the right keys. Over twenty-five minutes passed and James became restless.
What exactly are we waiting for? asks James. 
Patience my young pupil says Drax sarcastically. Good things come to those who wait.
Youre summoning the scorpion car again says Mercedes. 
What is that? Cutlass asks. 
That says Drax as within a few more moments the vehicle they used to ascend the cavern of lights is hovering towards them with its underbelly lit up completely like a baseball stadium shining down into the waters below making great movement on the Gorge Hunter as the crew and Cutlass began to imagine as he conveyed that they were magicians who can summon things at will. We are not magicians Drax replies, just very lucky, lucky it has enough ultra-power to cross the oceans at full speed to get here in almost no time at all. 
Lucky the signal was not too far to summon the car here says Mercedes smiling. 
Lucky we didnt die of boredom waiting screams James. 
I told you, there is no distance too great says Drax. Lets go. 
Awesome says Tina. With that and Tina expressing a shock of joy and bewilderment, the five adventurers squeezed into the scorpion car and flew upward levitating against the wind currents into the inlets of the mountain range. Hovering near the cave opening above, they noticed that the cave opening is too small and narrow for the Scorpion car to fly through. This is just great says Tina sarcastically. 
Dont worry says Drax. Drax saw a weak spot in the rock he detected with his scanner. I think there is something there Says Drax as he pressed a series of commands on the console and the primary weapon illuminated the sky before them, Drax pulls the vehicle in reverse and back away a few yards, and a flash of brilliant white light emanated from the Scorpion cars primary battery weapon and mark striking at the core of the cave wall crashing forth the air before them in a horrific explosion. The weapon blasted a hole in the side of the mountain in a terrific explosion. The debris flew out at them , but moved to the side avoiding them. The smoke cleared and the crew realizes the opening is much larger now. 
How did that happen? Asks James shocked. 
The scorpion has internal deflectors says Drax. You arent the only one with some powers. With a flick of a switch, Drax drove the scorpion car into the hole they created as the dust smoke and debris was still clearing. The darkness is blinded by the light of the vehicle emitted from all sides of the vehicle hovering its way into the cavern.  
As they managed their way hovering above the deep empty cavern, the lights beacons shone throughout as Drax drove and Tina scanned with his handheld scanner. There is something unusual here she says. Like Drax replies. Look she pointed as the lights shone on some spots on the walls with cave pictographs and archaic writings. Its more of the old language we saw before says Drax. 
Another riddle? asks Mercedes. 
I dont think so. It just says beware thee who open the door, the winds of time will corrupt you. Drax says. 
A warning? asks Mercedes rhetorically. 
Lets keep moving says James seeing a more narrow passage ahead not too small to fly into and they proceeded into it. The darkness lit only by the beacon continues until they could see daybreak on the other side. Soon they were exiting the cavern and hovering above a land of green pastures and trees, orchids, sunny skies, rainbow visions in the air, and light beacons of technological design similar to those seen in the cavern of lights. 
We have seen this technology before says Mercedes. 
Yes says Drax it is the pregivers and they continues above the vacant land until they saw it was not vacant miles into the terrain. 
This is totally unlike the other side of the great island says Tina. 
Blessed be says Cutlass this is remarkable. 
Look says James pointing to small people below. 
Are they midgets? asks Tina. 
Dwarves or little people is the politically correct term says Mercedes humorously. 
No says Drax lowering the vehicle with a press of a few , buttons so that the appearance of the inhabitants of this land is apparent they are children. 
Chapter 74
What the hell did we step into? asks Tina. The scorpion car hovered above the terrain and lowered it to the small children, the lights of the undercarriage began to glow in white and yellow pulses as the vehicle touched base on the soft grass with a light sound as its occupants looks around as they were being approached by the small army of small children before them. Drax pressed a , button on the console of the vehicle and the vehicle transformed back to its original form. The five wanderers exit the vehicle and looks at the small children approaching. Many of them were small children crawling around in the mud and dirt as they were too young to walk. Their faces were ashen and dirt-filled. There is laughter, snickering, and the sound of babies crying coming from all over for miles around. 
I feel bad for them says Tina, their just kids. 
Where are we? asks Mercedes. 
You are in the land of the forbidden says a voice as they turns their attention to a young fair-haired tan boy who looks older than the others , but fairly young still, about thirteen years old, did you come from God? He asks. 
What? James asks. 
You rode down from heaven says the boy. 
Oh yeah, that is what we call a car. Youve never seen one? asks Drax. 
Not one that flies whispered James. 
Drax turn to him with a noxious looks then turns back to the boy with a warm smile. We are travelers says Drax. 
I am Jose Elcamion he says trying to emulate a deeper more adult sounding voice. The foursome introduced themselves along with Captain Cutlass. 
Ye are nothing , but a lad says Cutlass pointing. Jose ignores him and looks at the others one at time admiring their clothing and gear. He turns his head still and mechanical then looks at Tina and smiles. 
You are pretty. I have never has a girlfriend before. 
Uh thanks , but youre kind of young for me, kid Tina replies with an awkward silence. 
Where are all the adults? Your parents? asks Drax stepping forward breaking the silence. 
They are gone. Jose replies with a still face. 
Gone where? asks James. 
Gone repeated Jose with a still face, his eyes appeared cold and lifeless. Come he turns and starts walking in the direction that he came. Curious, the five wanderers follow the young adolescent on foot across the terrain. They were led across the grasses and several thousand children stretched out in the fields from as young as newborn infants to adolescents approaching majority. Several of the older kids were huddled in groups talking and whispering while keeping their distance and carefully eyeing the strange people who appeared to arrive from the sky. They were dressed in ragged clothes covered in ash, mud, and dirt. Some of the older female adolescents were running around and trying to cater to the infants lying helplessly in the field crying. 
Something bad happened here says Tina as they walk with Jose. There is no sign of anyone over the apparent ages of late adolescence except for the five wanderers looking around in complete confusion. Amazing says Tina a land of nothing , but children some kind of Peter Pan or Lord of the Flies nightmare. 
Thats biologically impossible says Drax looking up. Something bad did happen here. Then Drax looks up and pointed to a large metal obelisk in the distance as they were suddenly approaching a clearing. Look. 
What is that? asks James. Jose stops and turns standing on an isolated patch of dirt in the middle of the clearing. The five stands around him as they approached. Why are we stopping here? asks James. Jose smiles and within seconds a flash of white light engulfed them all and surrounded them for a moment as if in a container of hot white energy. Then when the light faded, they found themselves not in the clearing , but inside a structure with metallic walls and tall pillars spiraling upward throughout the interior of the structure as it twirled up into a central apex that climbed further to a point. The base was a large well with several banisters and stairs. Machinery and computer consoles adorned the various sides and components lighting up with life and colors all of a sudden as if a sleeping giant awakened from an eternal nap. 
What be this madness? asks Cutlass scrambling about. 
Relax Captain says James we were transported. It happened to us before sort of like a movement in space and time. 
More like just space though we continue along the natural progression of time. Anyone capable of making a conveyer of light and energy like that surely has to be advanced says Drax. 
We might be dealing with the pregivers again says Mercedes. 
Who are they anyhow? asks James. We keep coming across references of this ancient group of space farers , but no concrete proof of these stone builders.
The devil is in the details says Drax we know they invented the time stone. They must have invented this beam spot technology as well. 
Beam spot technology? asks Mercedes curiously. 
What else would we call it? James asks rhetorically. 
So where the hell are we now? asks Tina. 
In the other side, we have only been here and back. I never understand this. The others are afraid to come here says Jose. The lights come on and go out, thats it. They walk along the narrow confines of a corridor curving and arching in various directions with a series of loops and swirls, the mechanisms around them rotating in synchronistic formation like clockwork. 
Im getting dizzy says Mercedes. They walks into a vestibule and emerged out of another room with plain white walls and a large screen on one end connected to a monitoring station with keys and diodes ready to be struck as they lit up when they approached. 
What the heck? James asks. 
Good morning! Says a womans voice echoing from the computer as an image appeared before them, fizzing and whirling, she has deep blue eyes and short red hair and wore a white half-, buttoned shirt and slacks, her form see through and holographic. 
What is this? asks Tina rhetorically. 
Its a holographic projection responds Drax a form made of energy and proton accelerators he put his hand through her face. 
Shes beautiful says James mesmerized. 
Its not a real person says Drax looking at James eyes goggling with amour. Though it could have been at one point, what is your purpose here? asks Drax trying to communicate. 
I am the complete central repository of the Union Core Network Bibliotheca, codename Celia. 
What do you figure that is? Tina asks. 
Bibliotheca means library says Mercedes. 
Yes says Drax. 
I am versed with over one trillion mega quads of information relating to the historical literature of various cultures and groups. The Union Core Network is the history of the greatest civilization of all time. For example, my list of databases contains the legendary feats of heroic individuals or the dates and times of historic events, and science and mathematics are all programmed into this installation. Just ask me anything. She shrugged. 
Why is the sky blue? asks Tina jokingly. 
The woman responds in a serious monotone The light from the Sun looks white. , but it is really made up of all the colors of the rainbow. When white light shines through a prism, the light is separated into all its colors. Like energy passing through the ocean, light energy travels in waves, too. Some light travels in short, "choppy" waves. Sunlight reaches Earth's atmosphere and is scattered in all directions by all the gases and particles in the air. Blue light is scattered in all directions by the tiny molecules of air in Earth's atmosphere. Blue is scattered more than other colors because it travels as shorter, smaller waves. This is why we see a blue sky most of the time. 
Joses eyes lit up in joy at the site of the marvel before him. He remained speechless. 
Okay Tina replies. 
That was a waste of a question says Mercedes sarcastically. 
I dont think there is a waste says Drax. 
We could ask anything says Tina curiously. 
Anything about the beasts, the time stone, etc., etc., etc Tina continues. 
The beasts: omnivorous beings of mammalian, reptilian, and arboreal form. Various cultures vilified same as creatures of power and chaos while attributing them divine powers and signs of deism. She continues in a monotone form. Many beliefs span cultures across the globe indicating the presence of magna intelligence amongst many of the beasts of old lore and belief in superior qualities. 
OK says Tina, enough just tell us about the time stone for real! 
The time stone for real says Celia. 
Tina rolled her eyes. 
The legendary relic of countless stories and beliefs reduced itself to the existence of a myth. The belief that a powerful union of beings known as the pregivers created a relic of immense ability and power, not just the ability to harness energy in space , but also time. The story continues that the relic is coveted by forces of light and darkness. It is also known as the eye of the Gods in ancient Egyptian mythology. As a result of many struggles and a mysterious group stole it, the device was taken away and buried. It would later be discovered by the scientist Howard Kowalski and used by the great hero Jack Smack, Detective extraordinaire.  
Thats it? asks Tina angrily. 
There is nothing more on this subject says Celia. 
What is the Union Core Network? asks Drax. 
The Union Core Network is an alliance of 74 nations that joined under one banner and one charter in the year 2032 Common Era - C.E. and created the first self-sustaining interplanetary biosphere. Men, beasts, and dozens of extraterrestrial worlds allied under a single banner became a force to be reckoned with in only a short number of years , but ultimately ceased to exist. The UCN met its demise on Friday, October 13, 2055 Common Era  C.E. when a sudden denotation in the central headquarters causes a 150 megaton thermonuclear device to explode. 
The vision I has says James under his breath. Drax and the others turn to him. 
Thats what started this whole thing the great conflict. Celia, what is the great conflict? asks Drax. 
In the beginning there is chaos when the gangs and sects of the countries of the old world order were at constant odds with each other. She speaks in a hoarse and melancholy demeanor as the air seemed to permeate in darkness around them. 
I am happy to find this writing says Jose. 
There were times of great tribulation where death, war, famine, and anarchy reigned supreme. The UCN is the answer and the cure for a peaceful and tolerant society , but it did not last long. The central headquarters were destroyed by a large-scale nuclear weapon. After that there is violence again and the elites maintained control in the central citadels of the various nation states and cities while those on the outside fended for themselves and were sought out in hordes to be slaughtered if they posed any risk. The lord of the elites is rumored to be a beast from another world , but it is only conjecture. This philosophy and ideology be wild indeed says Cutlass turning about. 
Who caused the explosion? asks James. 
That information is not available says Celia. Celias eyes widened as the holographic form she embodied fizzled slightly. 
You are the one. She says looking at James. 
Excuse me he replies. 
Your face and form are programmed in this archive as a memory recall component. The original progenitor of this program is especially interested in you, James Timewalker the holder of stones. Every few millennial, one arises claiming to be the champion gifted one , but only one is the true one. Born of amazing powers and an innate sense of justice in its pure form, the holder is historically descended from the pregivers might and destined to once again rejoin with them at the hour of this worlds most dire needs. 
You were saying James is some kind of chosen one? asks Tina. 
He is some kind of emissary for the pregivers says Drax. 
That explains his powers and his curiosity says Mercedes. 
There is more to James Timewalker, the holder of stones. The person emulated by this form held a more profound reaction, one of love, a message of peace and tranquility says Celia. 
What does that mean? asks James. 
I am sure we might find out says Drax. 
So much she wanted her form to be remembered so one day you should find it says Celia. She loved you. 
Really? asks James rhetorically.  He approached and touched the holographic face of a woman he never met , but apparently touched in some form. All things are possible in time. He muttered as his hand passed through her holographic form. For a brief moment he thought of nothing , but pleasant things as his mind and consciousness inverted inside and formed a vision of castles and open fields, artisan tapestries adorning a gilded and ruby red throne room inside, a beautiful woman resembling the holographic image before him walking in the garden, a small baby nearby, several monuments devoted to the hero of time. Oh wow he says to the dismay of his colleagues. He felt joy, peace, serenity, and love. Then suddenly the room lit up with a bright red strobe and a loud siren began to flood the room. 
Alright yells the hoarse-voiced pirate Cutlass the blasted noise be damning. 
Where is it coming from? asks Tina. 
They all covered their ears from the loud sound. Celia vanished into the archives where she originated. A doorway slid upward making a loud sound. Drax led the way into the arched entry. 
Come on. The six ran into the entry the door sealing tightly behind them. They stand in silence and darkness. 
Intruder alert yells an automaton voice breaking the silence. A pair of red eyes emerged from the darkness and suddenly the lights came on in a room of almost identical design to the last , but slightly larger with more equipment and computer consoles scattered about. 
What is that? Yells James as the form of a large robotic-being emerged, about seven feet tall with a thin cylindrical head and torso, thin flanking arms and legs and giant feet stomping the metal boards on the ground with each step. The cylindrical head has two bulbs like projectiles sticking out of both sides and bright large eyes covering almost the entire head with small slits where a nose and mouth would be. 
The face lit up with a yellow glow as it appeared to speak intruder alert, intruder alert. It walks forward with a lurching stride as it moved its limbs in various forms. Drax moved back with his arms out over the others holding his elfin glove on his right hand. Cutlass drew his sword. James waved his hands and tried to push it back. 
What the hell is that? asks Tina. 
Artificial beings, Androids says Drax. 
An Android! yells James shocked waving his hands at the immense creation. My powers wont work. There must be some life components to that thing. He says. 
I will strike it says Cutlass moving towards it with his sword and striking it in the shoulder causing an electrical surge to flow along the weapon striking Cutlass. Great he uttered sarcastically as he fell back releasing his sword that fell to the ground. Drax fired his elfin glove , but an orange shielding protected the robot and the energy from the glove dissipated into the fizzling orange energy surrounding the robot. 
We should get out of here yells Tina. 
Dont have to tell me twice says Mercedes. The six ran back towards the door , but realizes they were without egress. 
Were trapped says Tina. 
Like rats James adds. The robot continues forward when suddenly a large form emerged from the back and ran towards the robot tackling it to the floor. The six stand in shock. They see another robot similar in design to the one that threatened them fighting with its counterpart in a twirling battle as their energy shields of bright orange light lit up with each blow to one another. The two wrestled with one another on the ground until the victor prevailed as one struck a heavy blow with its limp right arm growing to a large fist with a swirl of a mechanical attachment and dropping it and striking the other in the eyes causing its lights to fade. The victorious robot stands and faced the five wanderers. They stand on guard not knowing what to expect. 
Greetings says the robot with an illuminatingly positive stance. I am Robotic Omicron Base Protector Number 345,561. Welcome to the Base! The response of the wanderers to the sudden warm welcome is pleasing and they stand more at ease as they approached. 
What is that? asks Tina. 
There is a security precaution designed to protect this perimeter. Some are more gung ho than others. He says in a humorous tone. What brings you here? 
I brought them from the main world below says Jose. 
That is not possible because the bridge has been sealed for many centuries replies ROBP 345,561. 
There must have been an opening says Drax. 
Intriguing, the odds of there being a simultaneous leak in the energy bridge between this installation and the main world below are astronomically complex in calculation. 
We are looking for something referred to as the dark star says James. 
Yeah adds Mercedes it is supposed to be some kind of weapon capable of neutralizing certain forms of energy. 
That reference is unknown to me , but there is a power that may qualify. Celia access historical legend database for pre-great conflict era weapon Project Zeus! 
Accessing  says Celia as her voice emanated from the entire structure as if omnipresent. Project Zeus the theoretical surmising and creation of an antimatter energy weapon of mass destruction that is built with the hopes that it would never have to be used by a team of specially sanctioned UCN engineers and scientists led by the scientist Howard Kowolski whose theories that an advanced race of aliens called the pregivers found a way to turn energy into solid form and vice versa in the space-time continuum grid. The device disbelieved to be the most powerful weapon ever existing and only exists on the operation of waves of energy that permeate all reality. The weapon is theorized to transmute this energy to overcome any barrier or form whether energy based or corporeal. Nothing can withstand it. 
Wow says Tina a true doomsday machine! 
The weapon is built by funds funneled for an experiment by a shadowy conspiracy controlling the worlds economic and political arenas from behind the scenes Celia continues. 
Draxs eyebrows rose. 
They were known as the machination rumored to exist , but no evidence of their existence inconclusively found to exist. This is only a dramatization of theoretical and legendary events and not fact. Celia says. 
Well, says Drax humbly, we know this is mostly true. 
Yes youre former comrades may be responsible for all this as you previously surmised, adds James. 
There is an experiment. And a slip in the surgery of the practical realization of things says Drax. 
What went wrong? asks Mercedes. 
It was a temporal shift within two universes happened and intelligent and sophisticated beasts, both good and evil, were allowed to crossover and escape into our universe in all of time says Drax. 
That is what is responsible for all the stuff we saw? asks Tina. 
Strong possibility intimated Drax. 
I dont understand beasts, other universes says Cutlass.
 There are stranger things in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in your philosophies says the ROBP. 
Shakespeare says Jose smiling. 
Impressive says Mercedes. 
This is interesting says Drax looking at the metal wall and etched writing similar to that on the caves they saw prior. This is similar to the pregivers writing. It seems this is their base of operations or ship. It says the home of the distant travelers, quest for truth, wisdom, and justice. Its about a group called the Garnicones. The Garnicones were a proud race from a star system that destroyed itself. This is kind of like a storybook. The Garnicones were seeking a companion race to carry on their legacy. They searched the galaxy far and wide. They landed on a small isolated and uninhabited system, Tierra. 
Tierra means Earth says Tina. 
So the pregivers or sky watchers of legend are these Garnicones says Mercedes. What happened to them? 
The text is unclear , but it finishesdeath from above history and destiny future is forsaken says Drax. 
Some type of weapon says James. 
A time paradox says Tina. 
Where is this weapon supposed to be? asks James. 
I do not have that information. There is reference to a Great Weapon , but there is no location data in my system says the ROBP. 
Then we are back to square one says Drax. 
Whoa James jumped back as he felt a sharp feeling in his head. 
What is it? asks Tina. 
Its another spike like I felt in the desert. Another vision coming he held his head in pure agonizing pain as he fell to the floor. Drax and Mercedes leaned downward to help him. I see says James as his minds eye formed a starry sky and under it a metal domed shape obelisk similar to the one they were in. The structure lifted itself off of the ground and into the night sky like a rocket ship , but hovering on an empty sheet of clear air particles. He then saw an image of the interior and two men in a room similar to the one they stands in exchanging handshakes over a box the size of a watermelon with cryptic writing etched on it. The box has an image of two hands embraced in a handshake like symbol with arches and whirls. Whoa he snapped out of it and explained what he saw to his comrades. 
That is quite interesting says the ROBP as he chuckled with an emotional laugh. There is something that fits that resemblance based on the marking you described. He points them to a small door under one of the consoles near where he stands. 
Blessed be says Cutlass. ROBP pressed a , button and the small door opens revealing a small compartment that partially extended to the ground they stands on. They stand in shock as they saw a box similar to the one James described in his vision. Drax leaned in and tried to lift it , but it is too heavy. James and the others helped , but it would not budge. 
Whats it made out of, super iron? asks Tina. 
I can do it says ROBP as he reached his frail looking limbs into the floor and pulls out the box lifting it up and walking it over to them holding it leveled with no effort at all. 
You are strong there says James. 
Thanks. I work out says ROBP jokingly. James opens the box by lifting the lid upward. They felt a strong energy attract to them. 
It feels tingly all over says Mercedes. 
I dont get it it feels warm says Tina. 
Tis like a sun ray on the eve of summers day says Cutlass. 
Its joyous says Jose. 
Its marvelous says Drax. 
Quite a deep dark feeling says James. 
I dont feel anything says ROBP. The interior of the box is glowing white and spiking large amounts of light energy. James reached in and pulls out an item that filled the room with light nearly blinding them all as they shielded their eyes. The light soon faded and they saw James holding a twirled rod shaped item, black, curved on either end in opposite directions, and pointed with sharp ends. 
Is this the dark star? asks Tina curiously. 
Its about time! says Mercedes.
We got it says Drax. 
I guess these pregivers have more than one type of artifact says Mercedes. 
This is their spaceshipwe couldnt even begin to imagine how it functions says James. There was a suddenly lost presence in the room. 
Where is Jose? asks Mercedes looking around. 
Good question. Says Drax as they all saw he is now absent from their group. 
The small lad is gone says Cutlass. I wonder where he went. 
I recall no such presence says ROBP. Who are you people and how did you get in here? He says to the perplexing bewilderment of the group who felt the sudden urge to leave as several other ROBPs entered the room from several parts of the room emerging from the shadows and they began to surround the five from all ends. 
Lets get out of here yells Drax. James waved his hands and the doorway from where they initially came in slid upward and they ran through it to the spot that they stood on when they arrived and in an instant were engulfed in the white light once more. 
They appeared in the land below previously identified to them as the forbidden zone. They walks back along the grassy fields and saw the various children of differing ages trying to comfort one another, keeping their distance, and bewildered by the uncertain elements of their predicament. 
Good thing those things couldnt follow us or wouldnt says James. 
Yeah, that is freaky how he just flipped on us and called his buddies says Mercedes. What do you suppose really happened to the adults here and why did Jose disappear like that? asks Tina. 
Beats me, , but Ill be glad when we leave this place of craziness says Mercedes. 
It seems the disaster James foresaw in the past, the eruption that caused the great conflict is somehow limiting. The radiation that spread after the flashpoint could have affected only adults. Those under certain ages werent affected says Drax. 
How is that possible? asks Tina. If anything the kids would have suffered more. 
It could be their immune system says Mercedes. 
Its perplexing , but the only possible explanation. As for Jose well it seems Drax stops interrupted as he saw a young boy approach them near the spot they saw him the first time as they walks away from the obelisk. 
Oh my God says Tina. 
Hey little buddy says Mercedes, where did you go? 
Hello. I am Jose he says smiling. 
Yeah we know. Dont you remember us? asks Drax. 
We never met before. Jose replies. 
The five stands in shock. 
That bloody cant be says Cutlass. 
You arrived from the sky? He asks. 
Yeah, we got to go says Drax and they walks away. Why doesnt he remember us? asks Drax to himself. 
Maybe when he vanished it is something to do with the time thing says James. 
Like a reverberating wave and temporal loop that changes the rules of causality to affect the past from the future Drax says. He vanished as did everyone in the forbidden zone destined to repeat the same events over and over again. They were doing it since the great conflict centuries ago. 
Why do we remember him? asks Mercedes. 
We might be protected because of our proximity to the time stone. I dont really have an answer for this says Drax. 
This whole thing isomer grand design, a higher power at work says Mercedes.
It may be our destiny says Tina looking at James and whispering to him, Could this be the Atlantis of legend, a land lost in time and raised from the waves in this future?
Maybe, anything is possible says James. 
One thing is certain, we didnt ask to be involved , but we got involved by the grace of God and we acted interfering here and setting things in motion so we cant turn back now says Drax. 
We have accomplished the impossible says Mercedes. 
Nothing is impossible in time reminded James. 
We have to continue says Tina. 
Indeed says Drax. They approached the Scorpion car waiting right where they left it.
Chapter 75
The darkness became the air over the citadel in the center of the city. The redness of the clouds combined with the black ashen skies to resemble a pool of blood pouring from a scab. Thunder echoed in the distance as lightning visage the horrifying windowless monstrosity that stretched across the fields below hovering over it like as leviathan. Within the central chamber rested a group arming themselves and preparing themselves for the ultimate apocalypse that is pending to bestow itself onto the streets below. 
That could take us to another place says General Stormy to his subordinate a man with glasses and a crew cut dressed in the dark grey uniform of the Contingent Elite Command. General Stormys is well adorned, decorated, and covered with metallic armor and underpinnings over his gear greater than his subordinate was. 
Per the Legend, Sir? asks the man with glasses. 
Corporal Walton. I know it sounds crazy , but the legend is real. The Dark Star is a legendary sword, a weapon that has the powers of the ancients, a device of energy blast capabilities lost in time. It is of true allegedly ultimate power. 
I have sensed it, something I have not felt in a very, very long time says a voice coming out of the darkness. A shadowy figure emerges before the two soldiers. 
I sense the weapon is active again. It must be stops. Or all our hopes are lost. 
Yes my liege says General Stormy as he averted his eyes trying to make out the face of the mystery figure , but cannot. The mans face is dark and hidden, as if made of pure darkness and shadow. 
Ready the armies says General Stormy and Corporal Walton whistled summoning forth a legion of troops ready for conquest, for battle, for victory. They were beasts, standing upright, grey skin, snouts, roaring vocals, tall fangs protruding from their mouths, saliva drooling down, pointed ears, long silky flowing brown-grey hair down their spines, rippling bodies and arms like bodybuilders, and they held long scythes with an end point that is spiked like a star lighting up with hot white light ready to send multiple energy projectiles to any forthcoming adversaries. The winged vampire-like beasts prepared as they were standing in legion for the ultimate battle conquest. Small ocular lenses adorned their headgear made of iron. A glistening orb rested in the center of their torsos lit up hot white and red.
 The time of ultimate redemption is at hand! This says the shadow to the legion of thousands of beast armies within the chamber and on the field below pouring out before the citadel to the streets of town.
Chapter 76
On board the Gorge Hunter, the five were back adrift on the seas glad to be leaving the island. Cutlass stands on the mast and barked orders to his crew as they made their way back to the mainland. 
What a quest that was thought James overlooking the crashing waves on the bow of the ship. 
I still dont get how we remember those kids like Jose , but they dont remember us. Time looping is serious business. 
Well, best way I know how to look at is  dont says Drax. 
You will just drive yourself crazy. 
Yeah says Mercedes. We cant be complete harbingers of all strange things we encounter. 
Speak for yourself says Tina laughingly. 
The ROBP beings in the obelisk were also part of the loop just like the kids. Theyre destined to revisit the disaster over and over again with no apparent end in sight, never being able to move forward, and never recognizing their dilemma, truly a forbidden land that time never forgot Mercedes says. 
Yeah says Tina as the four grieved in silence for a moment. So we go the Dark Star. That is an awesome victory. Tina continues. What we do now is get it back to those who could use it to save their world from annihilation. We did a good thing. 
Yeah, we could inadvertently shift the balance of power in the world says Drax. Is that the right thing to do ethically? 
Well, hell yeah says Tina. 
We cant let people be slaughtered like animals. Genocide is wrong no matter who does it. Mercedes says. 
 Exactly my point says Drax. 
They stand in sudden silence. 
Defenses Up yells Cutlass from his post high in the masthead. 
What the heck? James asks. 
There is another ship approaching, the battle legions, says Yulelka running up the deck alarming the gunners who were preparing their cannons for launch. She yells up the projectiles are armed, Captain and the defenses are raised as the metallic hatches of the side of the ship flared up like wings of an eagle. The Gorge Hunter rounded about and approached its nemesis like a demon flaring after its adversary in battle. The battle legions ship approached like a stingray above water hovering rapidly near death. 
Fire yells Cutlass waving his new replacement sword. The winds are on our backs and time and fate are on our sides! The Gorge Hunter repaired and ready after its last confrontation was like a glider along the ocean towards the battle legions ship and the two armed furiously fired their energy weapons simultaneously striking one another, the orange shields of light on the battle legions ship glistened as the Gorge Hunter suffered casualties to its hull and crew as people were prepared and flung themselves and their items in midair upward and out into their watery graves. 
James we got to do something says Tina. 
We should try the time stone again says Drax. 
Maybe the dark star can help says Tina. She held the object and focused it outward , but nothing happened. 
Let me see says James. He grabbed and held out the black piece of metal glistening in the sun strangely and curiously as if not of this world, upon James focus, the sword emitted a powerful spiking immensely hot white beam of energy and he projected it towards the battle legions ship sending the energy beam towards it and piercing the orange shield of energy and neutralizing it and causing the beam to tear apart the very fabric of the hull and crew vaporizing it in an instant as the Gorge Hunter passed through the spot where the battle legion ship stands on the open waters, and the Gorge Hunter continuing on its  way full speed ahead towards mainland. Yes yells Cutlass. 
Yeah yells the four as they pumped their fists in the air and cheered on the happy crew in the successful testing of their new weapon. 
It is truly invincible says James as the Gorge Hunter slid across the water like a figure skater as it made its way towards its destination, the mainland of Chronix Bay. Indestructible.
What happened? asks Tina. I thought our Scorpion car could do the same thing. 
It is not as strong a frequency replies Drax. The Dark Star is truly the innovation of an advanced civilization. James hand didnt even burn off. I think its somehow connected to the holder power as James was able to use it and you werent so maybe they created it for him meaning he is destined to find it. 
That is truly bizarre adds Tina. 
Youre telling me says Drax. 
Just glad we were able to be successful here says Mercedes. 
Yes for now cautioned James. 
The armies are fast approaching from the north screams Alana as she led a group out of the encampment. We have to lay low to take them by surprise. It may not be our best strategy and its a long shot , but its all we got. 
What about the travelers we sent out to find the weapon? asks one of the troops, dressed in a long armor and weapon attachments. 
Its been a week and we havent hears back. I think its safe to say they failed. We have to do what we have to do to survive. She replies back. Get the barrier guard ready. She barked orders as the men started around a wooden cart with several catapults and cannons of energy waiting for fueling. They prepared to take action to fire them when ordered. Daryl and his party came out armed and ready with their laser rifles and flash grenades ready for the onslaught. 
We received word on the intercom that another URO army is heading out way from the south he yells walking fast.
Great, the Oligarch must feel lucky today. She responds. Too bad our jumper friends couldnt find the dark star. 
I guess its left to the stuff of legends says Daryl jokingly then looking up as a blur of light flashed on the horizon and a single jet stream approached. Whats that? asks Daryl. The lights began to decelerate and appear as a red vehicle hovering in midair with its front joints expanded and scorpion-like tail soaring high made of silver and lit up like an ornamental rocket, , but resembling a scorpion. 
Oh my God screams Alana as she recognize the occupants. Its them. They have returned. 
Great Caesars Ghost screams Daryl as he and his men ran over to the field where the vehicle is slowly landing. You made it he yells. 
We made it yells James hopping out as the car struck the dark terrain. 
And we got the dark star says Tina as they all piled out of the car. 
Amazing says Alana as her eyes lit up. 
No sweat says Tina. 
Just in time look Alana pointed as they saw an immense fighting force approaching over the hillside near the citadel. The stretching for miles of a line of beasts armored and suited ready for bloodlust and carnage. They roars and marched forth waving their scythes in midair as the citadel loomed overhead beckoning their call and stride. The balcony below the main pinnacle at the apex of the citadel beheld three figures who stands overlooking the destruction about to unfold in proud achievement, three figureheads ruling the Oligarchy Brigade Guardians from the view of the public, each with their traditional religious headgear, garbs, and outfits embodying the main focus of a series of ancient orders knowing they were protected from harm by their invincible energy barriers. They turn to one another and smiles as they looks forward then and held their right hands up each with a relic of historical melancholy in their sacred orders. 
With that General Stormy gave the word to his Lieutenants who commanded the front lines with pride, today we strike to take back our lands and our hopes in the name of the powers that our forefathers gave their lives for. Today we strike a blow against the rebel forces once and for all and annihilate the last visages of intolerance to our way of life. Ready the Scythes! The roar from the crowd of beasts emanated into the air to be hears from miles away in the rebel encampment, and the groups of villagers and poor farmers were prepared with their amateur gear and weapons, swords from plowshares, and iron-clad laser rifles. 
We are prepared to die today , but we will fight to our last breathes says Daryl proudly. 
We got our people ready to hold down the ground forces. Says Alana, , but we could use some help from above. 
That is why we are here. Lets do this says Drax. With that they smiles to one another and the four entered their vehicle and flew off into the night. The old priest stands nearby and smiles, may God be on their foot heels.  Alana and Daryl looks at one another with a more reassured sense of confidence as their hopes were increased by their renewed assistance. They held hands as they marched forward, beckoning to their own lieutenants to prepare their respective groups for the move forward. 
Fire on our mark she yells as they moved on. The two armies of man versus beast marched toward one another appearing to meet halfway down the line of scrimmage in the midst of an empty dark terrain. They marched for yards when suddenly General Stormy acknowledged to his men like the days of old, we run when we smell fresh blood he opens his mouth revealing a pair of sharp fangs and wide bloodshot red eyes menacing as with his comrades who appeared like men , but has the bloodline and hunger of the beasts they commanded. Run when you see the white of their eyes men says Daryl. With that the small armies of farmers and peasants began to run towards their foe with rage and anger in their eyes and fury in their hearts. The beast armies ran forth waging their scythes in midair. The rebels fired their laser rifles as they ran striking their foes. Many of the beasts threw their scythes and a few struck their prey in the chests impaling them to the ground. Other beasts approached and fired energy pellets from their tripod scythe blasters. The remaining quarries ran forth one another and struck their targets with all the frustration of their minds and emotions. 
Chapter 77
Above the epic battle that ensued below, the scorpion car began its ascent towards the citadel. It rose through the clouds of smoke in the reddish black skies like a leviathan seeping out of a large ocean, emerging forward and up with the a renewed sense of power as the underbelly and surroundings lit up intensifying. Its four inhabitants were steadfast and courageous as they prepared for their moment of truth as they approached the citadel. 
Ready to fire the dark star weapon, James? asks Tina. 
Ready as ever James replies. 
Try to make it quick says Drax steering the vehicle higher and higher. We have one shot and then if the Time Stone is ready, we jump out of here. We do not want to risk too much interference. 
We do know a lot more about the Pregivers and the Time Stone. We could use it to help other Times says Mercedes. 
What happened to trying to go home and clear our names? asks Tina. 
I agree that is what we should do , but who knows what fate has in store for us says Drax. 
The time stone is still dull says Mercedes holding it. Then suddenly as they approached the citadel complex, they saw a large door opening like a two prong garage door and from within it came a gigantic form of a beast with a large respirator mask on his face, frail limbs, grey skin, white hair all over his body, and he leaped upward toward them striking them with his long skinny arm where his giant clawed hand nearly crushed them. Drax maneuvered the car around it narrowly avoiding the harsh blow. 
What the hell is that? asks James. 
Company says Drax, maybe we should use the dark star now. 
We dont know how much power it has says James looking at it and we should save it for the energy barrier around the citadel when we are approaching. 
James powers wont work on it either , but  Drax says.
Milton, give me your elfin glove says Mercedes. He takes it off and handed it to her as he drove the car around trying to avoid from being swatted like a fly from the creature who kept hopping around in incredibly long leaps from platform to platform of the citadel complex as he kept trying to bat them out with his long arm and gigantic clawed hands. I cant get a clear shot with the scorpion car. This thing is like a super-fast moving target. 
Let me about see that Tina says as she grabbed the elfin glove from Mercedes and put it on. She felt the energy charging up. Pretty cool and she fired a series of blasts towards the creature that moved rapidly dodging them all then suddenly slipping off one of the platforms and as Tina fired another round of shots striking the creature in the chest knocking him back. He reached out with his long arms as he is about to fall down towards the long narrow valley below and gripped the back of the scorpion car and hung on to it dragging it downward. 
I cant fight this thing says Drax pulling upward on the steering column as he tried to accelerate faster. 
I got it James waved his right hand and struck at the respirator on the creatures face sending him flying backward and downward into the valley below with a horrific crash. 
The momentum sent the scorpion car flying in the opposite direction with the occupants letting out a pair of terrifying screams. The vehicle flung to the side as Drax gained control of the wheel and maneuvered it about barely missing striking the end of the citadels left towers walls. They zoomed forward and around towards the citadels main structure , but a red light started beeping on the main console as the back discontinuing lagging. 
Uh oh says Drax. 
Whats wrong? asks Tina. 
The lateral thrust is off, damaged. I cant get the car back up. Drax yells in response. 
We cant make it to the top of the citadel without it? asks Mercedes screaming over the roar of the wind. 
Im afraid not Drax yells back. 
Keep pushing it to the max yells James, I got it from here he waved his hands over the back of the vehicle and it slowly began an ascent lifting upward. 
Cool says Drax as he steadied the vehicle moving it forward and accelerating. Now with James steady hand, the scorpion car is climbing upward past the citadel towers to the balcony just a few feet short of the central apex. Drax started to put the car in neutral as James leveled it from the back end with his powerful hands. Get the dark star says Drax. 
Mercedes reached for it as the car approaches three figures resting in the balcony of the citadels central apex. What is this? asks one of the three figure heads in a French accent.  
Justice yells Tina as they leveled the car right over the balcony several meters away and Mercedes held the curved iron-like rod and fired it. A hot white projectile spiked forward as a ray of energy emanated from the device and bolted towards the citadel fizzling upon contact with the orange light shielding and sending electric shocks throughout the barrier surrounding the entire complex. The barrier then neutralized in a flash of whirling light causing the bolt to strike the citadel itself, brick and mortar, the flashes of electrical light zoomed upward toward the apex and down covering the entire building, and sent it crumbling downward from the apex to the ground below. Drax drove the scorpion car downward and around the citadel spiraling with it as its debris came crumbling downward into the valley below and as the car approached the ground with the falling structure, the residual bolt of energy flung itself rapidly away from the falling remains of the citadel as Tina notices it is about to strike them and she turns the Time Stone and opens the vortex, the bolt passes through to another side and the vortex fades. 
That was close says Tina looking back. Drax pulls up on the wheel and with James powers lending a hand, flung the car forward away from the complex and back to the battlefield starting to dissipate with the victors in hand as the rebels raised their weapons high in the air having overcome, taking the remaining beasts prisoner. We did it yells Tina hugging her small crew. Drax smiles as his fist pumped his hand in the air. 
Looks like it worked out says Mercedes. 
At what cost? Asks James rhetorically , but smiling a bit. 
Yes!!! Alana yells to Daryl as she raised her fist in midair smiling towards the scorpion car passing overhead zooming away into the night sky. 
Looks like the time stone is glowing says Mercedes. 
Were ready to go says Tina. 
Do it says Drax.
 Mercedes held out the time stone as the five orbs began to glow brightly and turns it causing the hazing beam of yellow whirling light to emanate and emit the vortex they were growing accustomed to. 
Where to now? asks Tina. 
Where the wind takes us says James as the scorpion car approached the vortex, transformed to a ball of yellow electrical energy as it is almost instantaneously sucked in. The gate fizzled a little and split the ball of energy into two sending them in two opposite directions. 
Chapter 78
Time: 1140 A.D., England
The light from the sun is intense and bright through the treetops in the landscapes and cordial greenery of the forest. Having exploded a hole through the fabric of space and time, the silence of the meadows and slight ambience of the streams and wildlife were ruptured by the disturbance of a loud explosion and two American wanderers found in the mist of the outskirts of London, England. 
Where are we? asks Mercedes. 
The middle ages says James. 
How can you tell? asks Mercedes. 
The sweetness in the air, the clearness of daybreak, and the signs of feudal labor and old English signs he laughs pointing to a wooden sign with dark ink in old-world style. 
Where are the others? asks Mercedes. 
Good question. Its weird we would be separated in mid jump. 
Whats that smell? She says. 
Uh I think its us after being in a post-apocalyptic wasteland, dark woods, out to sea, in moldy caves, and in a lost island, we sure need to take a shower. 
And get a change of clothes, no doubt. She pushed her sleeves and tried to straighten out her hair. 
You look fine. He assured her. Wherever our friends are, we got the time stone he says holding it up , but its duller than dull. 
And the dark star she says holding it up also looks kind of drained. 
Altars as we noticed them were like charging points whenever we saw them? asks Mercedes. 
I think they were like safe points. The items are the charging ones and they seem to get their energy from the sun, the stars themselves. James says solar power before its time. The pregivers sure were crafty. 
What do we do now? Mercedes asks. 
Then several armed men in armor suits popped out from behind the shrubbery and surrounded them and holding lances, spears, and swords. The soldiers heralded their armaments with decorations and have shields with an emblem of a lioness wearing a crown. 
Who goes there? The leader yells, a tall man with grit and slight wrinkles upon his face. 
We mean you no harm yells Mercedes as both she and James raised their arms in the air. 
Come with us the lead guard screams as the guards seize the items they carry and escort the duo away from the clearing they landed in and towards the shrubbery of the forest to a trail that they see leads up the roads to a tall castle of ancient stone work and artisan. 
Beautiful says Mercedes. 
I know says James, I saw it before in a vision looking up at the grey stonework walls and dark grey toppings on the tall towers looming over the woods and nearby town like a leviathan. 
Time; 2042 A.D., Chronix Bay
	The darkness overlooking the black Earthen terrain under the dark black and red skies reminded Drax and Tina that they were still in the future and that the future refused to change from the monstrosity they just came from. 
We havent left, Drax says Tina. It seems so and where are the others? 
Good question its just us in the old scorpion-mobile. Lets see says Drax as he pulls out his handheld scanner. We are in the 2040s based on the level of radioactive decay in the atmosphere compared to when I last measured it. At a half-life of 6.6798 % I estimate we are further back from where we were , but still in the future, definitely post great conflict still.  Drax opens the car door and sits with one foot outside. 
Wow you are smart Tina commented. 
Its a talent Drax says.
I wonder if Alana and the others are around. Tina adds. 
I think she hasnt even been born yet. Its almost one hundred years earlier. Drax says. 
Great so were stuck here and with no way of knowing where James and Mercedes are with the time stone. Tina says. 
The time stone exists here too so we can find it and then well find our friends. I can configure the scanner to Drax started then suddenly they hear the screeching of tires in the distance and sirens blazing. They turns and saw a late twentieth-century police cruiser in full operation with red and blue lights whirling above it as it chased a similar-era civilian vehicle, a faded green Buick, the former chasing the latter around a curve and headed towards the duo. 
Look out screams Tina as she grabbed Drax with both hands and pulls him into the scorpion car just as the two vehicles passed alongside them. 
What the hell? Drax asks. 
That was close says Tina. We should go after them. 
Why? Its none of our business. We interfered enough in the last Time.  Drax says. 
True. Tina uttered. Just instinct, I guess.
Come on; lets figure out what we can about this era. He sits upright and closed the door then pulls off driving at ground level. He pressed a , button on the console and the car returns to its original form without the soaped up scorpion diodes and formation. They drove around the desolate streets. 
Things seem so much the same , but its different somehow says Tina. 
The citadel you could see for miles around looks abandoned. I guess the Oligarchy isnt around yet.
 Good thing Tina replies. 
Look, this looks like a happy place she pointed out to a bar and restaurant with a neon sign glowing in the midst of several dull and dark buildings. The sign read, The Laughing Cow. 
Sounds decent says Drax and pulls up parking in front of the place. They extends entered the place finding a mixed sea of scalawags and miscreants, drunken soldiers wearing old grey uniforms and old commercial mariners from the desecrated waters nearby belching at the frosty concoctions in the glasses before them. The cabaret girls dressed in nylon and burlesque outfits preparing a gingery dance on the stage before them as some sweet talk the locals into something more to make their occasional ends meet. The rafters above the bar were littered with trap nets and fuming with beacon lights shimmering visages of dark red holographic projections of various scenes, boxing, mixed martial arts fighting, action packed car chases in films, and sultry pornographic content. Drax and Tina looks at one another and walks in slowly each taking a seat at the bar watching as one man fell off his stool on the other end from having too much to drink. 
What will it be? asks an approaching slender man with a beard who did not appear fully human as he has a metallic composure to his face and a bright red right eye. 
Um Ill have what shes having says Drax. The man droid looks at Tina with his bright red eye. 
Ill have the house special she says and the man droid walks away. 
What is the house special exactly? Drax asks. 
Well find out she winked. 
	The duo laughs feverishly amongst themselves unbeknownst to them that they were being carefully monitored by two men, one in a dark cloak whose face is covered and another who wore a silver uniform shining brightly in the dim bar lighting. 
That man looks familiar. Who are those two? asks the cloaked man. 
I think its them. 
It cant be. This can't be happening here and now. It could be we never did find out which Time they vanished into. 
This could be trouble says the cloaked man. 
If it is my old comrade and his new beau, I want them eliminated immediately. 
Time: 1140 A.D., England
The interior of the great castle is well lit with chandeliers and adorned with red carpentry and gilded tapestries hanging from the chambers walls from pillar to tower, including the main throne room where several thrones rested up front, a gallery adorned the backdrop, and there were rows and rows for spectators during the evening performances. At the main throne sits no one and the surrounding pieces were vacant , but one where a lonely young woman sits wearing a long silk-laden linen flowing gown made with white and lapis lazuli colors. She has short reddish hair and deep seated blue eyes. She sulked in the seat as her oldest friend, adviser, and hand maiden sits by her side, a paltry women with age beyond her years and a sullen amount of weight on her waistline, she kept her hands on her lap and frowns at the audiences before them , but has a heart of gold and kindred generosity to her service to the royal court and family. 
Cheer up my lady, the encore is about to commence. 
Thank you says the sullen faced girl I am just not feeling in the mood for such things now. 
Nonsense, you must keep your appearance gainful and gleeful as your parents would have wanted. You are the heir to all of Roy Tania and carry a great deal of responsibility young princess. You should welcome this change as the greatest thing in your life. Her tongue lashing is harsh yet stern as her high pitched voice focused itself as if addressing the entire room. 
I wish I could. I wish I could. 
Hush now child, the performance begins she slipped her hands to the young princess and straightened her upward and focused, moving her chin and head straight and forward in proper postured positioning as she is trained to do. 
Welcome ladies and gents. The turning of the tides is about to commence. The journeyers of space and time, welcoming the quiz of rhyme, to open for a new beginning as in the end it starts again says the Jester hopping back and forth with his getup and baton, a crystalline ball atop a silver rod, and pointed hats of all around. Ha, ha, ha, ha sing along my boys and girls.
Time; 2042 A.D., Chronix Bay
Here are your drinks says the robotic bartender. Bottoms up says Drax as he and Tina toasted to their health when someone ran over and bumped into Drax and made him spill his drink all over the bar. 
What the heck? He yells getting up and turning to see a young man in a , button twill shirt and dark blue large collared jacket, his hair slightly purple with a colicky. He is slightly older and elegantly dressed. 
Sorry he says in a slight British accent as he ran out the door. 
Oh my God says Tina. I think I know him. 
Thats not possible reminded Drax. 
No, I think thats. 
Dont move says a voice from the far end. The man with the hood and his compatriot saw two men in uniform with silver linings running up and down their clothes forming a triple V symbol and they wore technologically advanced eye glasses and helmets with spinning red strobe lights and blinkers. 
Freeze, you criminal scum they responds in a monotone voice. 
We werent with him says Tina putting down her glass and rising out of her seat as she referred to the gentleman that just left. 
Seize them one says and lunged forward. Drax hopped back and performed a roundhouse kick forward knocking the officer back. Tina grabbed a stool and struck the same officer knocking him to the ground. The other pulls out two individual rods and assembled them before their eyes into a weapon that he aimed at Drax. Before he could fire, someone struck him from behind with a pool cue knocking him to the ground. Someone else in turn knocked that man down with a slug of a fist to his face. Another intervened and jumped on top of him. The robotic bartender hopped over the bar and began a series of assaults on the rowdy patrons. 
Looks like a real bar fight says Drax. 
Been there, done that. We better go says Tina looking at the first officer dialing a mechanism on his wrist and asking for assistance. Tina ran over and kicked him and then ran out the door with Drax. They made it out to the scorpion car and got in and pull away. 
That was close says Drax. 
Yeah , but we got some company says Tina looking in the back seat and seeing the British gentleman who bumped into them earlier taking a nap in the back of the scorpion car. 
He is peaceful now says Drax. 
He is familiar says Tina. 
Who is he? 
My ex-boyfriend Reman Magenco. 
CHAPTER 79
Time: 1140 A.D., England
Well that concludes our show. Says the jester bowing out and cart wheeling away. Phew, I am so glad they did not throw rotten fruit at me this time. He says to himself walking away. The young twenty-one year old princess yawned with a restrained enthusiasm. 
Next, madam princess says a largely shaped sharp tongued man we have a special surprise, prime and ready for a proper execution. They are those who dared to wallow in the royal rose bushes, trespassers who have admitted quite insanely that they fell from the future. He moves out of the way as three Knights with full helmeted armor and lance push in bound captives Mercedes and James. Their hands tied behind their backs and mouths gagged the duo look fearful at the pointed blades before them and the suspicious new surroundings. James wallows in doubt and self-pity seeing the luxurious looking throne room and then stops dead in his tracks as his fear escaped him when he saw the princess on the throne. 
Celia he thought. Its her. I would remember that face as long as I live. The muffled screams of the duo caused the princess to feel sorry for them and ordered their gags removed with a strike of her hand. The guards complied. Celia!!! yells James. 
She looks at him oddly, how do you know my name? 
We met sort of. Were from the future, over a thousand years from now. We know about everything you did or will do. 
James, she doesnt know what youre talking about whispered Mercedes. 
Madam Princess. We will take the loud one to the dungeon where he will be dealt with most harshly says the large shaped man. 
I dont think so he broke free , but is quickly grabbed again by the guards tight iron clad grip. 
Wait says Princess Celia looking at James and seeing something in him, something she felt that she is missing in herself, something in his eye glistened inside of her and made her realize they shared a common destiny, even if now just strangers. Bring him to my chambers. 
Madam Princess says her handmaiden shocked. It is says says the princess. 
And the other, your highness? asks the large shaped man. 
The dungeon for now says the princess.  
Wait a minute. James screams Mercedes as she was hauled away. 
Dont worry, Ill take care of everything he dismissed her as he gazed into the eyes of Princess Celia and felt a strong vibrant connection he lacked and yearned for. He felt what he has always been searching for is right there now before him and she felt the same, an instant sense of gratification beyond universal perfection and harmony borne by the instant attraction of togetherness and love. For James, he recognized her image and knew she sent the message of love he observed in the future. He walks towards her escorted by the large shaped man and taken by him to the princess chambers. She shortly followed with a curious glare. 
Unbind him Cornelius and leave us be. She says and Cornelius complied leaving them alone face to face in her chambers. The dcor over a mantel were of silver, candelabra, candlesticks, statues, as paintings, portraits, and tapestries hung from the walls. There was a rug of multiple colors under their feet. You have a crimson smile she says. 
You have the most beautiful eyes I have ever seen he replies. She smiles. They were mesmerized by each other. 
Where did you come from? Really she says. 
The future he replies. The year 2012 when we found a device called the time stone that can take us anywhere. We visited a whole bunch of places already. 
Uncanny. Is this really true? Where is this time stone? Princess Celia says. 
Your guards take it. I need it back to get home. It is very true. Youre the first person I told this to. I feel I can trust you. I dont understand why. He speaks as if in a trance.   
Hmm I feel I can trust you too. It is peculiar as we hardly know one another. Princess Celia says.  
I know you James says. 
You say you recognized me from the future? Princess Celia questioned. 
Yes you were a hologram sort of a machine that helped us at one point. James says. 
It is funny you mention this. I was born and raised in the future too, in the year 2012 as well. I was ten years old when something happened. I dont remember much. There was a fight, a large bird lady creature; its all a blur. Princess Celia confided in him. 
Oh my God, you were that little girl James looks at her wide-eyed thinking back to the first battle with the guardians in Chronix Bay in 2012 and a little girl got too close to the open vortex and fell in before it closed. That is you. 
And now you are here with me? She replies questioning. 
Its like some type of cosmic resonance or vibrations coming full circle. Maybe, destiny, fate, dimensions as one. 
Yes , but why here and now. I was raised here as Princess Celia. I have no real memory of my life in 2012. 
You could come back with us. James pleaded. 
This is the only life I have ever known. Princess Celia says.  
It is weird. Somethings are strange. Einstein himself says the greatest things we can observe in life are the mysterious. 
I really dont understand. 
Thats alright. I am not sure I completely understand he laughs and she laughs with him slightly. 
You enjoy humor Princess Celia says. 
Well I grew up on the three stooges James says. 
Who are these stooges? 
Well, their funnymen. You would like them. 
I do like youtell me, what else have you seen in your travels? She asks. 
A lot, beasts from other dimensions, powers and technological stuffweapons beyond imagination right now, let me tell you, James bragged. 
Really, my kingdom could use some of that weaponry. We are facing a terrible crisis. Princess Celia frowns. 
Whats that? He asks. 
There have been threats and attacks against my people, my armies by a rival kingdom to the north, the Nefarious King Rogan. They strike without mercy and are relentless. 
I can help you. I am the holder of stones he says proudly with his hands on his hips. 
And what do you imagine in goodness name is that? Celia asks.  
Let me show you he says as he waved his right hand and a silver candlestick hovered towards him and he caught it. 
You are a warlock she screams nearly running to the door , but stopping. 
No, just a power I picked up. I can use it on affecting anything , but living things. 
How can it be used to help against those attacking my kingdom? 
Many ways he looks out a window and saw several knights approaching stamping on the ground with great noise and ho-hum chatter, their uniformed armor slightly different from those of Celias court, as these were more dark red stained like blood with black etching. Are those the rivals who are causing the ruckus? He asks. 
Yes, that is them I will summon Cornelius to get the royal guard. She yells. 
No, wait He beckons. 
, but  she started , but he held his right hand to her shoulder to calm her and with his remaining hand he swung and waved it out towards the window. The armor of each of the knights flung back with them in one fell swoop sending them far back for miles beyond sight. That takes care of them says James clasping his hands and wiping them. 
I thought it didnt work on living things. 
It worked on the armor or clothing they wore. 
Ah she embraced him and planted a kiss on his check. 
Well, youre welcome little lady he smirks with his John Wayne impression. I dont think they will be bothering you anymore. 
Miles away in the kingdom of King Rogan, an old man with a heavy gold crown adorned in jewels sits in his throne room surrounded by advisors equally aged in a dark dreary castle covered with vines as fourteen red and black etched knights enter limping with several chinks in their armor and visible signs of injury. 
What happened? asks one advisor. 
We tried to attack the Roy Tan again. They are protected by a warlock or witch now, Sire. We cannot return. 
It is best left for another time. The old king says. 
I want to thank you for all you have done says Celia. She let her hair down; her fiery golden locks curled and wiggling down her back. 
It is nothing says James sitting on her bed. 
I am in your debt. They look into one anothers eyes and smiles. Will you join me and my family for dinner? She asks. James nodded. 
The dinner table in the banquet hall is dressed well and elegant, chimes of gold and drapes of red velvet and orange decorated the hall, as candelabra served each corner. The long table is covered with purple linen and topped with trays of various dishes, meats, cheeses, wines, fruits, and bread. James walks in thinking he has died and gone to heaven. He sits next to Celia and is casually introduced to the dinner party as they entered. Her uncle Arch Duke Drolag Kinlyn, her younger twin siblings, and her various aunts, nieces, nephews, uncles, nobles, and duchesses from the nearby neighboring provinces. They were revered by the mysterious stranger whom Celia speaks very highly of in his efforts to help them. He tried to keep talk of his origins to a minimum , but speaks of his vision and his ideals , but also of the hardships surrounding his life. 
James speaks: I always wanted to help people , but never really has the chance. 
Helping those in need helps us become more in tuned with ourselves and see the light for what it really is Gods peace Archduke Kinlyn speaks philosophically and advised on principles of deontology and destiny. James did not understand much , but he noticed one phrase seemed to ring in his head: The light never dies; only our perception of it does. When we lose sight of that one simple truth in our lives we lose sight of who we are meant to be. The dinner ended well and everyone parted to their quarters. Celia escorted James back to her room and closed the door. They sits on the bed in her room together and they looks into one anothers eyes as if impatiently awaiting a climatic defining moment in their short , but sudden relationship, remaining fixated on one another as they both recognized that they were fated to come across one another like ripples across the grand chasm of space and time. Without another delay, James takes Celia in his arms and embracing her, kissed her on the lips and focused himself onto her. She pulls away and unhooked her garter and dress and dropped them to the floor revealing her full body. Jamess jaw dropped as she approached him and crawled beside him. 
Princess I think I love you! They embraced. 
Time; 2042 A.D., Chronix Bay
Who are you people? Where are you taking me? asks Reman. 
Im surprised you dont recognize me says Tina, after all weve been through. 
Uh, I think not says Drax to him thirty years have passed. 
What in the devil are you talking about? asks Reman as he crossed his arms. 
Im Tina Tina Prescott. This is my sidekick, Milton. 
Huh? humored Drax. 
Tina Prescott? , but that cant be. 
, but it is. She adds. 
This is some kind of trick. 
No trick, I know you cheated on me with Bella Randolph. You were a bad egg then , but I saw hope in you. We got busted sneaking into old man Hardings house on Eldons Street. What else? Oh, you got a big mole on your left butt cheek, youre middle name is Edenton, and you got a tattoo of the Olympic torch near your  you know.  
OK, its you , but how? 
How do I look so young? Cause were from the past. She looks down at him with her arms crossed. 
Tina?! scolded Drax.
He has a right to know. We travel through time  thats our new shtick. Now you tell us how come were on the run from the cops here too, seems like after twenty eight years you havent changed. 
You got it wrong he says. 
Oh then maybe we should just go back she uttered vindictively. You know, turn ourselves in and all. 
No, please. We must not. I will explain everything , but first take me to the old warehouse on Elm and Forest. Its a secret , but once there, I promise I will explain everything. 
OK says Drax beckoning to Tina to sit and she did with a grunt and grim look on her face. They rode for blocks before arriving at what Reman pointed out to be the apparent destination. 
Right there he says as he then got out of the car. Sirens wailed in the background. 
We have to hurry says Reman. Drax and Tina followed him into an old warehouse that looks like it has been thoroughly vacant for ages. The cobwebs on the interior were well kept and fresh while some were aged and dust mold is growing on top of dust mold. Be quiet he whispered to them as they passed through the large door that he slowly closed behind them. It is very important that they, meaning the police, do not find us here. He led them across the room and to a set of old machinery. Tina felt she is in a horror movie as the darkness and damp and dust of the room is enough to send shivers down her spine. She yawns. Quiet says Reman as he walks over to an old mantle and pressed a hidden lever and , button in one of the bricks on the wall with his finger above it causing the entire mantle to turn with the trio on it until they were facing a passageway on the other side. 
A secret door says Drax. 
Yes, we have come across this place ages ago as the perfect hiding spot for our operation. 
What operation is that? asks Tina. 
You will see. He replies. They made their way down the narrow shaft for half a yard before approaching an opening several feet down with well-lit lamps and furnaces, machines running, and people walk around looking up in shock at the new comers. This is home for me now much better than anything on the surface , but occasionally I have to venture up for supplies and risk not being caught. 
Youre wanted for what exactly? asks Drax. 
Everything, it seems just being human is illegal these days. They climbed down a ladder led by Reman and saw lab equipment set up with workers all around, scientists, farmers, artisans, pirates, and engineers all working on various projects. So Tina did you ever marry? asks Reman randomly and casually with grace and sincerity. 
No, you know the whole wife routine is not for me. What about you? 
I was , but she was lost during the great conflict. 
Oh, sorry 
Well it was some time ago, not for you being from the past and all, I think. He walks ahead. 
Dear God, Tina says Drax pointing to a symbol they recognized from the past and future, the swirling orbs that signified the Culto de Piedra Tiempo. 
Oh boy she says as they saw the symbol on everything from uniforms, lab coats, and books to equipment and weaponry in the form of laser rifles on the walls. Do you think this could be the beginning of the rebellion we helped in the future? asks Tina. 
It is a good shot and the extension of the warriors we battled in the past times they whispered to one another , but I dont think we should tell them too much about our travels or we risk altering things beyond measure from now. 
Right she replies. Reman, are there any other symbols like this? It could be important.
All over the place, its the norm in this place. Reman shrugged with a curious grin. Uh, let me introduce you to our lead geneticist, physicist, chemist, and research experimentalist Howard Kowolski. Says Reman leading them to a small corner of the lab where a slightly plump young man in his earlier thirties sits reading a book while simultaneously examining a series of test tubes and lab tubes. Hello Dr. Kowalski says Reman. 
Oh hello yourself and these fine strangers are here too he nodded. 
Unbelievable says Tina. We met before. 
We did? asks Kowolski. I dont remember. 
Yeah, last time we met I was saying the same thing long story. 
Theyre from the past whispered Reman. 
Ah gestured Kowolski grimacing. 
Try not to broadcast it too much huh? asks Drax.
OKIll be back then you can join us for a meal. Reman walks away. 
We were separated from our friends during the last jump and we dont know where they are says Tina shyly. 
The time stone you speak of can in theory create an artificial hyperactive reticulum in our own space-time grid axis says Kowolski, , but the separation from your friends might be something called a contemplating duplication wave. The device emits a discharge of proto acid that is energy based and vaporizes after each time jump , but some residue remains. Too much can be toxic , but not enough to kill. I came up with the principle , but it is actually a colleague of mine who developed it, Hans Merryweather. The wave would cause a duality in the grid axis and split you from the others. It is a part of a fundamental precept of time dynamics. , but the theory itself is only a rumor. I wish I knew where to begin to find an answer. , but they could be lost anywhere. The wave could theoretically span decades or even centuries. 
Do you know where this Merryweather is now, Doctor? asks Drax. 
No, he went off years ago for better ventures. In this day and age, I dont know if he is still alive. 
Oh Says Tina. 
Dont worry. There are worse things in life. You need some cheering up. Let me show you my experiments. There are ways to feed the people of the world, end hunger and poverty, end disease, and end war using Mother Nature as our guide. He unveils a set of electronic components and metallic orbs near a series of plants in a glass casing. 
Wow says Tina. 
Basically, my dear, these miniature probes will produce the needed nutrients from the organic material of any living fruit, vegetable, mineral, or animal and replicate it over and over as many times a needed. Its like the old bible story of Jesus Christ and the basket of fish and loaves. Using advanced cloning procedures and particle manipulation we can save our planet and race from extinction , but there are those above who make such procedures wrong and punish those who pursue this line of research quite harshly. 
So you do it in secret? asks Drax. 
We have to for now , but not for always. 
You punk Kowolski, you are a failure at life. Youre experiments arent fit to hold a bag of worms says a muscular man in a lab coat walking by cursing at them. 
Ah Dr. Know-it-all Julius Tybrether, he is just jealous because he didnt come up with it first. He yells back. 
You shouldnt let him get to you says Tina. Youre better than he is. 
Hmm maybe so I like you. He reached out and touched her nose. 
Thanks. I think you got potential for greatness. Dont give up on your dreams cause others try to put you down says Tina. Dr., do you remember what caused the great conflict? 
No, why would I, I was only a child when it happened. He frowns. 
I understand.
You are curious indeed.
Yes. Thanks. Do you guys ever have any encounters with beasts? Big scary man and beast looking creatures? asks Tina. 
You know we learned a lot about the beasts out there. Kowolski says. 
We faced so many beasts both good and bad right Drax? Tina says. 
Uh Right Drax says. 
Well, here is a little secret you probably didnt know we figured out, their DNA is almost identical to man and man-like primates like chimps and apes. We are basically identical genealogically. 
Really? asks Drax. 
From what I can tell there was some type of contaminant or hyper meta virus a shadowy substance that spread throughout their universe. God knows what it really is , but it transformed a perfectly civilized race of humans to beasts, like men some are good and some are not so good.
 Really, man and the beasts from this other world are the same? Asks Drax Shocked. 
The same and yet some persist with the iconic notion of superiority and petty prejudices. , but to say that beasts and men are different races is as absurd as saying that men of different colors are different races. 
Wow Tina says. 
We have bigger problems. Tell him Doctor says Reman coming back. 
We are facing a plague here. No one knows how it started, somewhere after the great conflict Kowolski started and Drax and Tina turn to one another. 
A strange disease affects the liver and lungs and destroys capacity. Death is almost instantaneous once the organs are eaten away from within in a matter of days. We have tried every remedy and cure known to our research and cant find the cure. Top government scientists and private commissioned ones have been working around the clock without hope. We have our own facilities independent of the public and private sectors , but we are failing too. It seems the death toll climbs higher every day. Kowolski says. 
 Dear God says Tina Were talking total annihilation in a matter of months in this continues. 
Is there nothing you could do? asks Drax. 
London has a cure, special orchid Onymonos Poulla says Kowolski , but it is exceedingly rare and practically extinct nowadays. History shows it grew in the wilds of Shireville , but no longer. We have been searching caves and lands near Shireville Forest near the old kingdoms of Roy Tan now part of the countryside dead like the rest of the barren earth. It has a strong potent abstract naturally grown, which theoretically might act as a counter for the virus. 
We are currently searching to find it. , but some believe it is a losing battle as we are drawn closer every day to utter extinction says Reman. The cure to the deadliest plague humanity has ever known may be just within reach , but totally unreachable. We dont even know its full origins. All we have left were what is left in some books salvaged from the library after the great conflict. 
Even a small amount of the flowers native toxin would be useful due to our replication technology , but none seems to exist anymore, only part known is there in history books. 
Too bad we couldnt simply go back for it whispered Tina. 
We dont have the time stone says Drax. 
Time: 1140 A.D., England
This strange glowing crystal is all you need to travel through across the eons says Celia holding the time stone as she lay in bed with her covers on her next to James who smirks while on his back with his shirt off. 
Yes says James. We have been trying to get back home. 
Sounds like a romantic adventure amidst the prized artifact. 
Yeah, were romantics at heart. If you think about it he reached over and grabbed it from her. The amount of ingenuity to create such power is beyond imagination. 
There are greater things indeed in the world so full of mysteries.  
Yeah he put it down on a stand beside the bed. 
Which reminds me, she says there is something I wanted to share with you. A dream I have recently, more like portend of omens. I felt something bad is going to happen as I was in a cavern and was beginning to fall , but there was no one there to catch me. I fell to my death alone , but there is something there keeping me alive, something holding me back from dying, something greater than myself that has to be done, a mission. 
What do you think the future has in store for us? asks James. 
That is any of our guesses. I have always believed in predestination or divine intuition , but also free will. 
Me too, maybe we can make our own destiny. 
That would be nice Celia adds. 
That is interesting. I see things too that come to me like visions or premonitions says James. 
Really? asks Celia. 
Whoa James look forward with wide eyes as he is shocked in himself as his minds eye envisioned the stellar starry sky of the universe and rotated until he is envisioning a cavern with strange writing on the wall similar to what he saw in the other Times. He saw a strange white flower growing out of the rock floor and lights glowing all around it. He snapped back to his conscious mind. 
Wow! Are you alright? You frightened me, James. 
I think we have to go somewhere, together. He says smirking and she smiles. I need my friend Mercedes too he beckons as he hopped up and grabbed his dress shirt. 
Time; 2042 A.D., Chronix Bay
Yes, thats them, sire says a young thief in rags scourging and skewering about like a troll as he looks at a photograph of two people getting out of a red car, Drax and Tina following a well-dressed gentleman into an old factory. 
Thank you Martin, you did well says the cloaked man. Here is the dollar you were promised. 
Wait, it is actually two dollars. Martin replies. 
Get lost says the other man as his face transformed into Satyrs face. Martin ran off in silent fear. 
Lets get them says Satyr. We dont need the police. We need patience and assistance. The cloaked man removed his cloak and shakes his head in pain. It is Broad Staffnight. 
Are you alright? asks Satyr. 
Yes, just a little dizzy. We will find the secret entrance and take back what is ours. His eyes enraged with redness and vigor captivated by his clenched fists in the air. 
Tina starts to think about James and an instant attraction she felt for him she looks up at the moon and wonders. Somewhere out there wherever you are, we are looking up at the stars together. We will be reunited old friend. 
Time: 1140 A.D., England
James looks up at moon and night stars as Celia approaches with her knights. 
I have five of my best Knights; some were decedents of the Knight Templar society. Were ready to go, yet? Asks Celia as James is tightening his belt buckle with mace and sword. 
With a secret society and some updated quantum physics tech we can do anything, he smirks to her confusing look. Never mind, a clean shower, warm meal, and new clothes sure feel good he says changing the subject as he admired his puffy nobleman white shirt and black pants, a big metal buckle fastening them. 
Yeah, after being locked up in a filthy dungeon for over a day, anything is better pouted Mercedes rolling up the sleeves of her dark blue shirt matching her pants and belt and foil. 
Sorry, buddy, , but were ready for another adventure. James says. 
Grand Mercedes replies. 
Celia wore a more relaxed mode of dress similar to them. I feel we must make our way east to the cave of Shireville, the closest point in the land similar to the vision James has, prior to day break as the road will be arduous once the sunlight hits the forenoon. 
Who talks like that? Asks Mercedes rhetorically.  
James gave her a dirty look. 
We will take two of my finest knights, the five knights fully armored stands beside her. 
OK, says James. Knightly gear and dress, check, our wits about us on any day, 
Double check says Mercedes. Pre-giver care package of dark star and time stone, 
Check and check says James. 
Were ready to go says Mercedes. 
Onward says Celia. 
The eight marched onward on horseback for miles during the intense heat of the daylight sun and they stop to rest once before continuing and making their way to the caverns hovering above the terrain in mountains that were raised upward by the shifting land masses. 
Look says James dismounting his horse, herbs just like in my vision he reached for some and then kept walking and climbing upward into the cave. 
Wait here and keep an eye on the horses, men says Celia to the guards as she followed James and Mercedes into the cavern crawling at first then raising up once settled into the narrow dark paths. 
I wish that we were less likely to travel in dark tunnels says James. 
Take what you can get says Mercedes. James pulls out his beacon and lit it. 
Is that future magic again, James? asks Celia. 
Sort of says James leading the way as they approached an opening below a large precipice inside the cave and a cave wall before them. Dead-end says James. Then suddenly they felt the ground shake and James turns and saw a large log hauling itself towards them on a series of ropes. James pushed Celia and Mercedes out of the way and ducked down as the log passed them and struck the cave wall before them. 
That was close says Mercedes. 
Look says Celia pointing to the log kissing the rock wall and the rock wall has a painting of a red circle and the log has paintings of red lines that seemed to be a natural extension like an arrow pointing somewhere. They followed this and saw upward as the arrow of red touched the walls and ceilings of the cave going back in a full circle to the wall before them. What could that mean? asks Celia. 
A puzzle, all the universe is connected. James says simply. Then the moment as he speaks those words, the log moved forward more and pressed the wall inward through a hidden , button. Get to the sides quick screams James as he grabbed Mercedes and pushed her to the side and then complied and hugged the walls as he held Celia for dear life together from their end facing forward as the floor between them began to liquefy into quicksand. 
Oh my God says Mercedes just like in the other cave how did you know that would happen again? She looks at him shocked. 
Just a hunch, its a pregivers cave. Puzzles, booby-traps, hidden treasures within says James. 
How do we do undo this? asks Mercedes. 
Those lights up there James looks up and pointed to the blinking red yellow blue green orange indigo and violet colors of , buttons blinking in sequence from a machine etched in the rock wall high above them. I dont know the combination. Oh hell he waved his hands and pressed them all with his powers and they all shut off as the quicksand vanished and became solid floor again after a moment.  
It is an illusion says Mercedes. 
An illusion with real killer potential if I recall says James. 
Amazing, says Celia. 
Indeed he drops the herbs he picked up from outside there at the end of the dead-end wall and takes out the time stone as it glows with the five orbs within it. To the glare of his comrades he turns it and activates it upright and it glows with the five orbs there and he holds it over the herbs. A small beam of hazy yellow light emerges and the vortex appears over the herbs absorbing them and sucking them up after transforming them to a light ball of yellow energy. 
Why did you do that? asks Mercedes. 
I dont know. I just felt it is necessary, based on my vision and Celias dream omen says James. That might be what you have to do and couldnt leave the cave in your dream until it is done. You died because you didnt have us to catch you James smiles. I promise I will always be there to catch you no matter what. James says. 
And I you says Celia. They kiss touching their lips with a romantic embrace. 
Oh um guys says Mercedes get a room. The three leave the cave to rejoin the guardsmen and horses outside.
Time; 2042 A.D., Chronix Bay
What is that noise? asks Tina. 
The police, they are breaking down the door. Someone tipped them off to our secret headquarters of rebels. Reman says looking at her funny. 
I didnt say anything says Tina. 
Reman opens a secret compartment under the steps and everyone is hiding in their respective secret compartments under the steps and Drax and Tina accompany them. 
Cant you fight back? asks Drax. 
We are rebels , but mostly scientists and engineers not soldiers and no real weapons exist on the premises. 
Really? asks Drax rhetorically looking up at the laser rifles. 
Those are historical toys, decorations, not active weapons. 
Great, I got an idea. Drax uses his wrist remote and types in a few commands as the scorpion cars primary weapon heats up outside after transforming once again into its full attack mode. Within about a minute as the pounding on the door gets louder and louder and their breach seems imminent, the weapon fires an orange beam of energy and blasts a hole through the warehouse and destroys the complex from the front end and all life in the upper level. 
Come on Reman says as he leads his people out over the stunned and charred remains of the officers. They all escape into vans parked outside carefully concealed to blend into the fabric of the dark city urban streets. Reman gets into the scorpion car with Drax and Tina and they all drive away. Remans pocket phone beeps. 
Hello he answers it. What? Thats impossible. Oh thank heavens. Thats terrific news. Our prayers have been answered. OK, we are evacuating now. I will see you back at the club he hung up the phone and pocketed it again. 
What is it? asks Tina. 
They found the herbs. Its a miracle. They were in the cave at Shireville, in England. He smiles with a sense of relief and exasperated content on his face. That is my assistant who is stationed there in the outskirts of London  Amelia Timewalker. 
Huh? Drax and Tina look at one another in shock. 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Well, Master Broadthey got away again says Satyr in full form flapping his wings. 
Dont worry old friend, we will get those two and their friends. We have all the time in the world. He presses a , button on his watch and he fades in a bluish dark aura of lightless embrace similar to the beam spot transport mechanism. 
Perhaps says Satyr standing there in the darkness. 
The Scorpion car pulls up to a dock near the open sea. 
Thats where we part company says Reman. I love you guys for helping us , but we cant let outsiders compromise security anymore. We got a new location for our lab and research and we need to keep it completely secret. 
We understand says Drax as he and Tina remain in the car and Reman exits. 
Thanks Reman for everything Tina squinted and kissed him on the cheek. 
What is that for? 
Good times she says, good times. 
Thanks he nodded. Oh by the way, here says Reman as he pulls out a small box from his coat and handed it to Drax. 
What is this? A going away present? asks Drax. 
It is for you. I dont know what it is. I was given it to hold about twenty-eight years ago and told to hold it for you for someday I would meet you. I didnt understand it , but here it is anyway. He walks away towards the dock and stops and turns. Thanks for everything. He waves and then heads off running and vanishing into the distance near hidden ships concealed into the night ready to fare out to sea to their new location. 
You are going to miss him arent you? asks Drax. 
No Tina says overlooking the last of him fade off into the distant darkness. 
Maybe a little? asks Drax. 
Right says Tina. Do you think we did the right thing by interfering? asks Tina. 
We did it before. We might have changed our own future we interfered with if we didnt interfere here further says Drax. 
Yeah , but I hope there are no serious consequences to our meddling. 
Only time will tell says Drax smiling. 
Yeah, maybe were meant to prevent disasters like the great conflict or other things like the total annihilation of humanity says Tina. 
Anything is possible? Saving lives feels good and its kind of fun. , but we just got to have faith and believe for all of our futures and our pasts. 
Yeah what do you suppose that is? asks Tina gesturing at the box. 
One way to find out says Drax opening it and finding to their surprise the time stone inside with a note, time waits for no man.
Awesome says Tina, lets get out of here and they turn it together and drive into the vortex vanishing. 
Time: 1140 A.D., England
I will miss you, James says Celia as the vortex roars open in the throne room. They both shed a silent tear and end with a final kiss goodbye. Mercedes looks in sorrow. 
I will come back. I promise says James. 
I know says Celia as she rose up and takes her seat on the throne next to her knights, her handmaiden, and Cornelius. She nods with a salutation gesture. Thank you for everything, holder of stones. She speaks with a renewed sense of pride. 
Thank you dear princess and without another word James and Mercedes depart in the vortex sucked in as orbs of light as it slowly fades thereafter. Celia nods from her chair with a faint smile. James Timewalker, I will love you until the end of time! She remarked.
CHAPTER 80
Time: 1947 A.D., Flintown
The foursome, James, Tina, Mercedes, and Drax landed together on their bottoms rolling onto the grassy hill near a mighty oak tree overlooking the plains below, the scorpion car soaring over them and crashing to the lawn nearby as the portal vanished slowly into its subspace dominion. They rolled down the hill until they came to a grassy precipice overlooking a cliff to the valley below with a series of small platforms in the rock face elevation overlooking the valley. A small tree stripped of most of its leaves has branched out over the cliff. As they rolled down, Tina grabbed a hold of the strongest tree limbs rooted near the trunk of the tree and held on for dear life; James subsequently grabbed her legs as he is headed downward and felt himself pull upward. With his free hand, he reached out and grabbed Mercedes arm and pulls her up. Drax felt himself head face down over the cliff as Tina let go of the time stone in her attempt to hold on to the tree causing it to tumble down the hill and over the cliff passing Drax in the eye as he felt himself pull upward as Mercedes has grabbed his leg with her free arm. Being the end of the elongated human chain, Drax grabbed the time stone by reaching out with both hands and gripped it tightly. The limb that Tina held broke off and the four fell down a couple of feet to the second grassy platform overlooking the valley below. 
Ouch, Ill never get used to that shouted Tina. 
Its the damn wormhole, keeps on shifting the event horizon Drax adds. 
Actually, its the frequency of spatial elevation and land topography that is affected by changes in time sometimes over thousands of years so since the wormhole is generally quasi-fixed in space and time in relative to position its position will appear to shift and deposit us at a different location when its the same , but in fact is the environment that has changed from one Time to another. Mercedes dissertated to her stunned comrades. 
Well says, professor, joked James. You sure know a lot. 
Too bad the creators of the stone couldnt fix that little mishap, says Drax. Suppose we land in a body of water one time or an uninhabitable region like a snow covered peak or dead space he finished with his hands on his hips. 
Mercedes gulped. 
Oh my God, were together again says Tina. 
Awesome screams Mercedes. 
Yes says James. 
Oh crap, great, I missed you guys says Drax. 
The four ran to one another and embraced and as they did, the time stone in Draxs and Mercedes hands merged together as one and became solid together. 
Were reunited and it feels so good sang Tina. 
Where we now or when are we? asks Mercedes. 
James looks down around the hill and town in the valley below. And about the time stone, Im sure that there are probably safety measures we havent learned about yet, , but now its dead. So, lets get moving. They sigh and walk down the valley to the town below, Drax clicks a , button from the car alarm pocket beeper of the scorpion car and the vehicle fades out and vanishes blending into the surrounding, a stealth mode he winks and the others smile impressed. They head down happy that for the moment at least they are together again. Drax smirks with a sudden rhetorical comment, did I ever tell you guys how much I love each and every one of you? Youre awesome!
In solitude in the well lit room of Valandir Mansion in the far end of the small town below, the isolated house that loomed over head like a monolith, a lonely figure sits in a large chair covered in sits in and the room adorned by the candle light of multiple candelabra and a mantelpiece with a bust of Shakespeare amongst a litter of old world relics and artifacts. The elderly gentleman has a balding hairline, grayish scraps of loosely drawn hair, a silver tongued smile, and dark pupils as large as olives. He sits curled up like a thin skeleton of a man shivering no matter how hot it seemed indoors. He wore a red velvet robe and held a pipe puffing away. Soon the time will come. He says to himself over and over every night as he waited to fall asleep. 
Well, it seems by the local newspaper, the Flintown Gazette the Time is March 18, 1947 says Drax reading the better headlines local affiliate buys out town treasurer. Theres something you dont hear about every day. 
Maybe there is something there that can help us get home says James. 
And clear our names says Tina. 
That will be two cents please says a young woman approaching, she has chestnut brown hair and smiles at the foursome. 
Oh sorry, says Drax putting the paper back. 
Yeah, were still flat broke says James as they all walks away together. Then suddenly a swift movement stirred the wind before them. What the ? asks James. And what stands before them, a young woman with an adventurous and grungy outfit. 
Who are you people? asks the woman authoritatively, her slender form and athletic build made her seem vivacious and her determined grit and hardnosed personality made her seem dangerous. She wore a tight leather outfit from neck to toe and a white twill shirt and vest, her sleeves rolled up to her elbows, and a brown fedora decorated her head with blonde locks and curls flowing down her face. Like a femme fatale she exhibited a primary virtue of never showing fatigue and maintaining courage in her pursuits. She has clear skin, smoother complexion, and ears that extended slightly upward and to the side with her hair curling about them. I am Eugenia Smack, Female Bounty Hunter. 
We are travelers just passing through says Drax. 
I am the law in this town. Do not let me catch you up to no good she stirred around with a jerking motion and stiffness about her as her words came out clumsily with a strong Latin American accent. 
I think we can manage fine says Drax. 
Make sure that you do as I will always have my eye out for you she twirled away and is gone in an instant. 
Weird chick says Mercedes. 
Interesting personality for sure says Drax. 
Did you notice anything about the way she moved and her ears? questioned Drax. 
Yeah says Tina. What is up with that? 
She is a human-beast hybrid says Drax reading the output on his wrist device. Her DNA is a mix of different species. 
What? Is that possible? asks Mercedes. 
Yes, sometime after the initial encounter, the Machination began experimenting with the idea to clone a beast and someone suggested combining human DNA to accelerate the transfiguration process. I didnt think it is successful until now. 
Look at those people says Tina. The four looks on as they walks deeper into town and saw several different people in routine activity, a postman making delivers, a pizza boy in a car, a paperboy on a bike, a grocer carrying bags, and a milkman making his rounds. Each of them and others has strange features on their faces and bodies. One has extra hair on his face near his eyes, another with a wrinkled extra limb on her body, another with small blue orbs on his face and bear arms and legs, and yet another exhibited superior agility and speed in his rounds as he has a long furry tail curved around his right leg. 
They are all human-beast hybrids says Drax with a shock. 
This whole town is says Mercedes. 
CHAPTER 81
What the hell do we do now? James asks. 
It seems we are stuck here until the time stone regenerates. Mercedes says. 
God knows how long that will be says Tina so we might as well take advantage of the situation and have some fun for once. 
This wasnt fun to you what we been through? asks Drax. 
Almost being killed? Ha, no says Tina. 
I am feeling strange like my powers are growing again says James and I feel confused and lost. 
Youre not alone says Mercedes. We got your back. 
I know , but I think they are getting stronger, so strong its scary. James waved his right arm and summoned a small car towards them. I just wish I knew more. 
Whoa says Tina, keep that trigger under lock for now. 
Yeah says Mercedes. 
James says Drax I know you are of the old maxim that knowledge is power , but sometimes what you dont know can make all the difference in the world. Keeping yourself oblivious to some things may help you discover something more promising and prevent bad things that may occur, like not being to control powers that grow beyond measure, you understand? 
Oh wow, thats true. 
CHAPTER 82
A young policeman in uniform is walking down the street monitoring his beat and feeling confident , but yet struggling as one of the first African Americans to make it on the local Police Force. He knew there was a series of gruesome murders plaguing the country side and he was on patrol to monitor for suspicious activity in the old industrial part of town, now mostly abandoned. No one could explain how the victims died, puncture marks in their necks and completely devoid of blood as if something out of a horror movie attacked them and drank their inner fluids. He sees some movement in an abandoned warehouse and stumbles over to investigate and what he sees is a secret meeting in the abandoned warehouse. As he peers through the window he is shocked at what he sees that he sees the meeting between three men in black suits and hats who enter after leaving an unmarked black sedan parked outside. He is terrified when he sees them approach a weird looking creature with long horns on the top of his head, a brown snout like a wildebeest, a pair of giant wings resembling those of a bat, dark long brown hair around his waist and down his backside and he is standing upright like a man on hooves with arched legs like a horse, and a tail like a pterodactyl. 
Its a Satyr he whispers as he nearly collapses at the sight of it , but hears a dialogue that shocks him. 
The killings have to stop because they are drawing too much attention to the project says one of the men in black as another quickly talked after him, the three seem to voice themselves in unison. 
There will be a coming soon so unnecessary attention is unwarranted. 
"We can obtain a substitute for your cravings, Satyr!" 
"I have already looks. There is none! It isnt worth it, guys. I must feed or I will not live to see the coming" says Satyr. 
"Then we will have to employ an alternative." The three men appearing to speak with one voice, a dark and crumpled voice, a voice of evil emit a strange shadowy odor of smoke. One removes a device from his jacket pocket and the others stare endlessly into the creature with beady eyes like coal as if harbingers of a soulless machine needing all their concentration as one to make any movement possible and the movements are mechanical and artificial. The man with the device holds it up, a small silver cube with no markings and a smooth surface. The cube suddenly lights up with no indication of a lighting mechanism as if by the will of the three men staring into him and it's bluish aura appears shocking to Satyr as he curiously eyes it , but then realizes their plan to subdue him so he tries to escape by flying away , but doesn't make it two feet off the ground when he realizes its too late and he is caught by a beam of light emanating in the blink of an eye from the device and enveloping itself around him. The threesome acted as one and restored the device to the pocket of the man on the far right and turns as one rotating on an axel of air with one motion as if joined together at their waists. They faced the direction of the cop peering in the window in awe and he suddenly jumped back as their pale complexion, dry skin, and pitch black small round eyes bore into him.  He swore he saw a shadowy aura surround their lidless eyes if only for a moment and the motionless embodiment of their facial features, their mouths a small slit with no apparent lips and their nose a small orb with no point or curve.  He knew they saw him and tried to run , but there is something about them of which he could not run and in an instant he turns his head as he hears sirens approaching. When he turns his attention back to the warehouse window, he is amazed to see that they were all gone. He turns and felt as if he is dreaming and felt as if he has been in another dimension. Weird.
James sits with Tina on the stoop of an apartment complex in the meager community and waits. 
What are we waiting for Tina? asks James. 
Drax says he needs to get something like a letter or postcard from someone about someplace in the mail place here. He says he recognized one of the people there and Mercedes went with him because its best for us not to travel alone in this environment. I dont know. I wasnt really paying attention. 
Yeah he smirks wryly. 
Tina, I am thinking a lot lately about everything we have been through and what do you think it all means? asks James. 
You mean like meaning of life? Tina asks. 
Yeah James exclaims in recognition. Well I always grew up with the notion that we all have a mission to complete in life, a destiny! I wish I still believed that. After all the hardship and struggling we have been through, it is hard to believe in anything anymore.  
I guess you got to have something to believe in sometimes , but its not always necessary Tina says. 
I wish I could believe in something I feel that there is nothing left to believe in says James. 
Do you have to? Tina asks. 
I dont know  Its just, how we can think were doing the right thing? Are we really helping to make a difference or are we succumbing to every Satyr or other villain that is out there waiting and ready to take advantage. It just seems like its not worth it or is there another way? 
Beats me says Tina. Its like with me. I never have a real family. I lost my parents at a young age. I grew up in a boarding school after being abused all my life and they were the only family I have ever known , but it wasnt really the same. It is artificial. No one to really care for me you know? 
Yeah James frowns looking at his friend. 
Now, being with you, Mercedes, and Milton, I think I am starting to feel like what a family is supposed to be like. You look out for one another above all else and got each others backs all the time. I finally know what it means to have a family, a real family. She smiles. 
Thats good. , but destiny-wise, I think that I forgot what it is that I started fighting for. James says. 
Maybe thats why were here. Maybe Im here to remind you. We were put on this same path together for a reason. Its bigger than both of us. Tina says. 
Sometimes, I feel Im a rebel without any cause says James wallowing in utter sorrow, depression, and desperation. It doesnt matter. Its not like there is anything left in the world that is worth saving. I feel so bad for thinking like that.
I dont think you can be bad in anyway. Youre too sweet and good. You were blessed with amazing powers and only used them to help those in need replies Tina wildly and passionately as she reached out and gripped his hand. James, there is hope in the shadows of doubt. 
Youre getting philosophical on me? James uttered. 
I can read you know she laughs forcing a brief smile from him. I know love and friendship can be some things worth fighting for, otherwise I am clueless as to what is too.
There is this power I got and something is growing within me that I feel sometimes I cannot control or figure out a damn how itI think its trying to break free and I am afraid I wont be able to stop it or want to. James adds.
Maybe youre not supposed to or maybe its who you are really and what youre meant to be. Tina says and smiles. 
You think so? asks James.
You know what I think? I think that when you are ready to do what you were meant to do, you will do a great miracle. I know you have the potential to be really great. I know it because just believing in it is enough. After all, knowledge is power. 
He looks at her for a moment and smiles , but then frowns again. Like I say, I dont believe in anything anymore. I dont even believe in myself anymore. James says upsettingly distrait and focusing on his worries. 
Its ok if you dont believe in yourself, she smiles after a long pause, because I do.  
Maybe I am wrong. James says looking at the skies above. You know which the better time is? asks James. 
What? Tina asks. 
The next time says James. Lets go! They got up and headed out towards the post office at the center of town. 
At the post office, Drax nodded to a man with a postal uniform and strange mustache that stretched out like whiskers on a raccoon. 
Thank you as he takes the letter from the man who scattered off. 
Whats that? asks Mercedes. 
Something from an old friend, when I recognized this friend of mine who works for the postal service, I put it together that its no accident were here. Drax says. 
What do you mean? Mercedes asks. 
Remember when I explained about experiments by the machination with human and beast DNA? Drax asks. 
Yeah Mercedes replies. 
Well, the experiments were also with time travel to pre-war effort periods of isolation some operatives from the more successful experiment results were sent here when a hole in time is erupted by accident. Some of the agencys original team existed here, even if later went elsewhere. , but others were back in the late nineteenth century, 1880 AD to be exact. Drax says. 
How do you know that? Mercedes asks. 
Because they reached out to us by leaving letters for long periods of time in the post office, like this one he held the letter up. In short, we arent the only ones in this century who are from the future! 
Who else could there be? She asks. 
The other agents, including our old counterpart, Broad Staffnight and the team that disappeared that night from the Magnitude fortress for starters also are trapped in time. 
The chanting in the citadel that rainy night? asks Tina rhetorically as she and James walks up to their friends. 
Exactly says Drax. 
And where there is Broad there is a Satyr? Mercedes asks rhetorically. 
Indeed says Drax. They want the time stone and they have killed for it and would stop at nothing to obtain its ultimate power that the ancient peoples of the Yucatan worshipped as the source of divine power and control over the entire world in all of time, the key to time travel. They walk out of the post office together. 
Did you get what you were after in there? asks James. 
Yes, this is it. Drax says.
Is that all, a lousy letter? asks Tina. 
Not just any letter says Mercedes a message through time. 
Oohsaucy says Tina. 
, but Drax, dont you already know what it is if it is received in the future? asks Mercedes. 
I was not privy to all of them says Drax. 
Arent we altering history by taking the letter now? Mercedes asks. 
Maybe , but maybe we are supposed to take it. Causality and fate are complex structures says Drax. 
So what should we do? asks James. 
We send our own letter says Drax. 
Just open it says Tina eagerly. 
OK. He tears open the envelope and from within it, he unleashes a piece of paper with strange writing on it in some foreign language he does not recognize. This is not familiar to me says Drax. 
What could it be? asks Mercedes. 
James reached out and touched it and felt his mind turns inward and he saw a vision of the entire universe again then an image of a beast, one he has seen before and revered. 
Dear God says James. 
What is it? asks Tina, What did you see? 
Satyr says James. 
He could have sent the note? asks Tina. 
That cannot be says Drax. 
, but it must be true if James has a vision from it! says Mercedes. A mysterious figure lurks in the background watching them and pops out as they are talking. Satyr they say almost simultaneously as he stands before them, his appearance slightly different from what they were accustomed as if he is younger in age and with less pronounced hair and wingspan. 
Do I know you? he asks. 
Weve met in the future says James. 
So the experiment has begun sending humans. How pitiful. How I simply despise your kind. And now I see you have obtained my letter meant for our forbearers. James takes out the time stone as Satyr is talking. The eye of the Gods, it is the greatest treasure of all time. The winged warrior danced around them, his eyes glistening with hunger. I must have it. If you are from the future then you must know its pedigree and danger to behold it. There is more to it than even you know. If you care to look back in your inferior human intelligence and think of what it might cause for humanity and your existence says Satyr with a hideous snarl. 
Lets just say were old friends says Tina and he is the legendary holder of stones. 
Friends with humans, never, I hate humans! It is more like enemies , but the holder, that is something, ha, ha, ha, a powerful being supposedly dedicated to the preservation of humanity against the insolence of evil. How can this mere hobo be the holder Satyr snarled. 
James angrily waved his free hand at a tree branch and it cracked open and went flying towards Satyr. 
Satyr hovered up into the air and dodged it. Impressive he snarled at them. What do you want dear holder? 
We want to go back to our own time unharmed says Drax. 
That is not possible. The eye of the gods stays with me. 
I dont think so says James. 
Hey Satyr boy says Tina. 
You know hes not really a Satyr says Mercedes. 
Close enough shrugged Tina. She then turns to Satyr. If you hate humans so much, why dont you just eat me? She screams. I bet you dont even know we have some things common. You dont know what the future is going to hold and what good exists in loyalty and friendship she says humbly. 
What are you yammering about? Satyr snarled. 
We are meant to form a union and somethings will happen that will be bad , but we will be strong together. Tina argued. 
That is ridiculous. Humans are weak, inferior, imperfect. Satyr yells. 
 We are strong together. Tina corrected. 
You conquer and destroy for your own personal gain; you dont care about anyone , but yourself. Satyr observed. 
You got us all wrong. Tina says. 
Why should I trust your race? Satyr inquired. 
Because we are the same race Tina yells at the top of her lungs. 
What? He gasped back. 
Thats right. Beasts from your universe were once human. You lived in a human populated world. Some mega mutant Meta virus or something transformed you all. You are living for hatred and intolerance not of something else you fear is that of your own being! Tina smirks. 
Satyr, have you ever hears of the legend, the prophecy of the warriors of the rainbow? asks Drax. 
What? Satyr asks.
It is a story from native American legends that at some point in the future there would be great disaster, including greed, corruption, and filth of the earth, sky, and water caused by people and beasts alike. Then there would come out of the darkness those who would change the world for the better, offer cleaner ways of living and doing things bring shelter and hope and overcome poverty, disease, hunger, war, and drought. They would be of every race, religion, color, creed, and lingo, and they would literally save the planet from annihilation, they are the warriors of the rainbow. 
Yes, says Mercedes. We have seen the future and what is in store and its not pretty. Things have to start to change with us now and in all of time. 
That is the way we can hope to truly breathe free says James. 
Youre words are odd to me , but strangely familiar says Satyr calmly. I do not fully understand , but I see there is hope. Satyr says. 
What does this letter say? Drax handed him the envelope and Satyr clutched it and the letter in his clawed large hand. 
Kill those of evils bane. Read Satyr.
We need to send another message, one that spreads the lessons of peace we are desperate to bring to the future so in the year 2012, things might work out differently. Drax says. 
I will do so. He nods. You have my word. 
Wait a minute, freeze right there, hold it says the policeman from the warehouse. I recognize that freak of nature, drop yourself says the officer holding a gun towards Satyr. 
Satyr snarled and flew up towards the officer causing him to drop his gun and rose up far away into the distance.  
Who are you? asks Drax angrily. 
Dont even try it says the officer reaching for his gun again and holding it towards the four. 
OK, just be cool says James as the four raised their arms in surrender. 
Whats your name, kid? asks Drax. 
I am not a boy, OK. My name is T Bone, I mean Officer Tyrone Borgegous. 
We are friends, not your enemies says Drax coming closer. 
Dont try it or I will shoot he smirks as they noticed a pair of furry ears behind his head. 
Youre like all the others here, a human-beast hybrid. Drax says. 
A what, man, just keep your hands up and spread em.
OK, , but what the heck is that? asks Tina. 
Man, I aint falling for that one T-Bone laughs as Satyr came around and came crashing down on top of him sending him face down to the ground. Satyr pounced up and is about to come crashing down on T Bones back with Satyrs clawed hands and feet dealing a fatal blow to the officer as he turns around and saw the full-blooded beast about to land on him with a ferocious grin. Then James screams no and waved his hands unleashing another tree branch towards Satyr striking him in the chest and pushing him back and away. 
You again says T-Bone getting up. 
There is no need to kill him says James. 
Damn says Satyr flying off.
The four ran over to T Bone. 
Are you OK? asks Tina. 
Yeah, thanks, you save my life somehowI dont believe in magic , but I believe in miracles and that is Gods work man. 
Youre welcome says James. 
Look T-Bone, says Drax we are looking to have a letter sent for some odd 70 years from now. 
Huh? asks T-Bone. 
How did you know about Satyr, anyway? asks Drax. 
That thing, I saw some conversation between him and three dudes in black in a warehouse over on Port Street. I thought it is the weirdest thing. We all grew up around here with deformities , but nothing like that. These guys were straight out of some old scare flick. 
Can you show us? asks Tina. 
Sure , but their gone now, come on. T-Bone maintained a sincere grit as he saw they were determined and so he led the four to the abandoned warehouse. They all looks in and saw a vacant space where operating equipment is collecting dust and old crates were unused and growing mold and cobwebs adorned the ceiling and floors. See they left. 
The men in dark suits were pale, looking like squinty with beady eyes? asks Drax. 
Yes, thats them like three twins combined and stuck together like, whatchamacallit, Siamese. How did you know? 
Long story says Drax. Thanks for your help. 
No sweat. 
Hey says James looking at the time stone, its glowing again, we can jump. 
Great, we have to go now T-Bone , but we need you to help us with something as we cannot be sure Satyr will keep his word. 
I wouldnt trust that fool as far as we could throw him T-Bone chuckled. 
The message can be written in any form you like as long as it is left with the post office for 80 years. It must read. 
Give peace a chance screams Tina. 
Love is the way says Mercedes. 
We are all one says James. 
No, says Drax, it must read whatever you want it to read, T-Bone! Make it a good one for the future says Drax smiling, as long as it says my name Milton Drax, understand that? And remember the best part of humanity is overcoming our intolerances. 
 Sure, I can do that , but why? asks T-Bone. 
Trust me says Drax looking into his eyes. 
Thats real I will take care of it. You got my word on it, brother. T-Bone says. 
Well, we are all chosen for greatness says Drax.
We need to find out what we are here for and protect this time stone above all. We can make a difference says James. 
Didnt you always want that? asks Tina.
Yeah, lets go out there and do what we do and find a way to beat the bad guys says Mercedes.
If I can use the powers I have been given to continue to do well, it is worth it. James adds. 
Lets go kick some machination , butt and beat them to the punch adds Tina.
They set us up to cover up their own faults. We got to stop them says Mercedes.
Yeah says Drax nodding in response with a smile, we will.
You know you guys always seem to make me feel better says James.
Aw, same here buddy says Tina. In the end the most disappointing thing about time is that there is never enough of it. So that is why we have to cherish the time we have together with the ones we love. 
You got our back in this time, right T-Bone? asks Drax.
You got it says T-Bone nodding. I still dont understand all this , but its all good.
Thanks replies Drax. 
 Come on guys he walks with his friends and James held the time stone out and twisted it causing the vortex to roar open. 
Wow, that is bodacious boffa man says T-Bone shocked. Drax pressed a , button on his wrist remote and with a moment, the scorpion car has arrived driving itself through the air above them and landing stealthy in the field before them. T-Bone is speechless. The four waved goodbye and saw as T-Bone waved with a cocky smile. The four walks into the car and drove forward as it morphed into combined balls of light and is sucked into the vortex.  T-Bone began to walk away shaking his head in disbelief as he did not realize he is being watched by a man on a nearby hill, the old man from the mansion frail and meek standing having seen the entire ordeal and nodding his head with a coy and villainous smile.


















CHAPTER 83
Time: 1962 A.D., Washington, District of Columbia
Time is the most-strongest force we know in the universe and we are bound within it like the sands in an hourglass. Says Professor Charles Heater to his small class of ten students in the after school session of District Mall University on the outskirts of the nations capital, Washington, D.C. 
Prof sure is a bore says a young woman in the front row in a multi-colored sweatshirt and baggy jeans yeah says another man with an afro and tank top. I cant wait until tonights bash; we are going to rock the roof off to the place. You said it.
That night, the dance club Hallar Fame is loud and filled with many young people dancing around in various forms of movement as exotic as their dress, colorful, loud, and vibrant. James, Tina, Mercedes, and Drax squeeze into the crowd feeling awkwardly out of place. 
I guess were somewhere in the sixties. Not exactly 2012 says Drax. 
Is that intuition from your wrist device or just an educated guess? Asks James, 
A little bit of both Drax replies surmising.  Then suddenly in the midst of the hectic dancing, a group of men in dark clothes that appear to shine and red sashes jump in and began to assault the crowd pushing through just as a loud band called Rocket Party-goers began to announce their songs and play their smashing musical hits. 
Mother of God, it is The Culto says Mercedes as the foursome notice the melee. 
Drax runs over to one who appears to lead the others with his directions and finger pointing and Drax throws a punch knocking him back against a wall. Another warrior comes at Drax and began to swing. Drax ducks and swings at that warrior in his belly. 
James ran up to one and waves his hands and initiates a psychic force that hangs the warrior upside down in midair by his belt. Then he sees another running towards them and he holds the time stone out and turns it and unleashes the vortex and toss both warriors into it with his powers as he waves his hands again summoning them by their clothes with his psychic energy field. 
One of the Culto warriors holds up his wrist bearing a metal barrel that emits a hot red laser beam. The warrior fires several shots at James who skillfully deflects them all by waving his arms about. The shots fly off away from James and fizzle off in the open air. 
Drax runs and grabs the warrior by the chest tackling him down to the ground. Tina and Mercedes run over and grab him as a loose laser beam flies off past them and strikes a pedestrian in a nearby building. 
The vortex roars open on stage and spits them out onto the band to their dismay , but they continue on with the music with great vigor as their euphoria from their use of narcotics has made them feel the enjoyment of the oddities occurring before them. 
Yeah, rock on yells one of the band members. Tina feels one Culto warrior grab both her arms and tried to pull her down. She kicks up with her right leg and hits him in the face. Mercedes runs against another pair of warriors and sees a dancer pole that she grabs a hold of and swings herself around in full force and kicks them both with her feet spread in midair knocking them down. The party-goers begin to run nervously while others stand in awe surmising if this is part of the clubs performance. The four time jumpers converge back together and one of the warriors approaches them as the crowd gathers in fear and awe, music continues playing loudly methods of rock n roll in the background. 
Hand over the piedra tiempo and you will be made to live free he says with a Spanish accent. 
Dont give it to him, James says Drax. 
No , but maybe you can give it to me says Broad Staffnight coming out of the back room and approaching them surrounded by Culto warriors. 
Broad Drax says. 
My old colleague says Broad. I missed our witty repartee. 
How did you get here? 
Never mind that now. I will take the time stone and you will not be harmed. Trust me, he smirks. 
So the Culto work for you says Mercedes. 
Just hand it over, I dont have a lot of time Broad jokes. 
You betrayed me says Drax. 
I dont know what youre talking about says Broad. 
A storm cloud starts to gather with a loud disturbance outside and in an instant a flash of lightning swirls into the dance club and strikes the center of the room. Everyone is blinded temporarily in an instant of hot white light and Drax yells run. 
Outside of the club, the police have arrived and are checking everyone as there is a call about a loud fight and some intruders. The police enter with full riot gear ready against the crowd storming out of the club. Drax and his comrades hold themselves low in the back room of the club waiting for the smoke to clear, with the help of a friend they never met, Tyrelia Borgegous, T-Bones younger sister who works there and smiles as she recognizes them as her brother has explained his encounter with the time jumpers in great detail. She smiles as she waves goodbye to the crew of four as she is surrounded and escorted by a group of men in leather jackets and Berettas. We always fight against hatred from men like those one proclaims. They hid with the crew for a while. The police arrest the Culto warriors and several of the partygoers who are involved in possessing controlled substances. Broad is also amongst those being hauled away in handcuffs.
 This is a mistake. I am not the one you are looking for. I dont know these people. I am a businessman, not a drug addict. 
Sure, buddy says an overweight officer with a heavy Irish accent. Broad spotted the foursome coming out of the club as he is being put into the back of the waiting police car and he broke away slightly. 
DRAX, you maniac, this isnt over, I wont forget this betrayal. You are dead to me. I will get revenge on you though, wait and see. You wont accomplish anything without me. You have nothing, you are nothing, you are alone, you have no one without me 
Dont be so sure says Drax stepping out before the awaiting mess of police cars as he is surrounded by James, Tina, and Mercedes smiling by his side. 
Back in the scorpion car, the four fly off over the night sky and are over the capital grounds in Washington, D.C. where a group of thousands wait as a lecture is about to take place on stage. 
Whats that? asks Tina. 
Thats the capital mall says Drax. 
A movement? asks James. 
A very special movement comments Mercedes. 
Civil Rights says Drax. 
Thats the end of the Culto says Mercedes. 
Yes, and the start of the famous civil rights era where Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. gives his famous I have a dream speech to overcome intolerance and hatred amongst peoples says Drax. 
And that is destined to unite two universes someday? asks Tina jokingly. 
Indeed he maneuvers the car over the field full of people below as Drax yells out, if we can truly make a difference through this endeavor, we should try. 
Lets do it says Tina. 
Yes says Mercedes. 
We fight as one says James. 
They touch hands and James turns the time stone with his free hand and unleashes the roaring vortex that they approach into it and vanish. 
What is that? asks an African American man with a mustache standing on stage near the podium below as he looks up and speaks to one of his advisers. I have seen that before, in the promised land. He smiles. 


CHAPTER 84
Time: 14 Million, B.C., Chronix Bay
The scorpion car races out of the vortex into a hot desert landscape with a boiling sun looming overhead. 
Wow, is this somewhere in the past? asks Tina. 
Or the future? asks James. 
Looks like we hit the mark way back there, my radiation readings are through the roof says Drax eyeing the display on his wrist remote. I would surmise its prehistory, about 15 or so million years back Before Christ. Looks like Europe in the primordial days. 
Oh my says Mercedes, we could actually see dinosaurs here? 
Not really, there is a whole period of the Earths history for millions of years after the dinosaurs became extinct , but before the first human beings or beasts became around by evolution or creationism, whichever theory you believe. 
I always say that controversy is way overrated says Tina. So, when do we go shooting beamers? She jokes holding the laser pistol that she found in the side compartment of the scorpion car. 
Where did you find that? asks Drax. 
It is here she says. 
Just be careful. 
Yes, dad she jokes. 
What do you think that is? asks Drax under his breath as he lowers the car down towards a fire over a set of loose trees and bushes in the middle of the desert and the car lands and they exit approaching it to see a pair of people approaching them. 
So no dinosaurs here? asks Tina. 
No dinosaurs or people here says Drax. 
What do you call those guys? Tina points asking rhetorically as the two men approach dressed in rags with bushels of hair. 
Dear God, humans! says one. 
Who are you guys? asks James. 
I am Dr. Raymond Quinzel and this is my colleague Dr. Dennis Smith. We are scientists with Temporo, Inc. in Chronix Bay, circa 2012. Are you from the future too? 
2012 also says Tina. How did you guys get here? 
The vortex Broad Staffnight sent us here as punishment for failing to construct the teleportation device properly like he wanted. He is mad, very insane man. There are so many problems. 
Beware the great weapon says the other man. 
Wait, tell us what you know about says Drax starting , but before he could finish, then suddenly they saw a flash of hazy yellow light appear before them. 
The temporal wormhole screams James as he saw three men in dark suits appear bearing long spiral rods with coils wrapped around them. They hold the rods like rifles and fire repeated blasts of white laser energy towards the group. 
Run yells Tina as they all take off in the opposite direction scattering in various ways. The rifle rods continue to emit their light projectiles and strike the two scientists in the back as they ran haphazardly and they both drop to the ground motionless. The foursome continues to run after seeing this , but stop when they realize they arent being pursued. Drax turns with his colleagues and sees the three men in dark suits approach the scientists and hold their rifles over the two lifeless corpses, adjust their weapons, and fire instantly vaporizing the duo in a phase of hot white energy. They turn to Drax and his crew standing nearby stone monuments and statues and look at them. One of the men smirks and holds out the time stone in his hand and turns it upward causing the wormhole to appear again. He lowers the time stone and the wormhole mouth moved downward transforming the men and absorbing the light balls that they became. 
Whoa says Mercedes. That was close! The crew stands on a stone artificial walkway built in the middle of the sandy deserted area, stone statues of animals and men and hybrid creatures and beasts adorn the landscape. 
There may be more to the machinations plan than we were able to glean so far whispers Drax. 
Oh Great so now we lost a possible lead says James. 
I cant believe we are here. We came all this way for nothing. My God, what the hell is this all for? Tina yells at the top of her lungs. 
You were the one who wanted to come here out of some self-judged romantic escapade says James. 
Dont blame me Tina points to herself. 
Wait interrupts Mercedes. Then in an instant, the time stone again activates and begins shaking on its own without anyone touching it and within seconds, the five orbs within it starting turning in patterns around in varying formations of clockwise and counter clockwise turnings and as the four kept yelling the circles turns faster and faster making noises like metallic rotors on a diesel engine and the eyes of the statues nearby begin glowing bright red. Then suddenly the time portal opens from the time stone and items in the room begin being sucked into the time portal converting to balls of light and vanishing within the yellowish hazy void, and within seconds all the items were gone , but not the foursome who keep their distance.
I never dreamed anything like this is possible says Mercedes , but it looks like. 
Its being used not just as a transportation device , but also could have been intended as a weapon says James. 
Who could have activated it? asks Tina. Some type of remote activation? 
Or an auto activation protocol says James. Then a small cylinder rises from a compartment within the stone pedestal in the center of the walkway surrounded by the remaining statues. The time stone levitates over and strikes the cylinder landing within it and emits another emission of bright yellow light. The cylinder makes of a shining substance glowing brightly in the center altar and illuminates the entire area, a bright star shining throughout. 
Is this the Great Weapon we were told about? asks Tina in shock.  
I dont know says James as he stares into its mesmerizing beauty, shimmering aura of hot white light with a yellowish tint like a halo around the cylinder.  James approaches and tries try to grab it and then get slightly electrocuted. 
Nice try dummy says Tina jokingly. 
Our anger could have set it off says Mercedes. 
And maybe also our close proximity to this place says Drax. Then they hear bullets and see shell casings fly in guided by small shots and agents in black suits and glasses run in pointing guns at them, having appeared via another temporal wormhole quickly vanishing into the desert draining the surrounding light. The foursome duck to the ground and Drax grabs his weapon and starts to fire back with his pistol. His weapon strikes one of the men who drop to the ground. James waves his hands in midair targeting towards the remaining mens clothes and weapons and sends them flying backward into the desert landscape. One of them removes the time stone from his belt and turns it towards the man lying on the floor dead, unleashing the wormhole again and they creep towards the man lying unconscious on the floor. They crawl slowly and grab their fallen comrade by either side and one crawled into the vortex with the dead man transforming to balls of light and being sucked in while the other rises to his feet and holds his weapon towards James. James quickly waves his hands and flung the man into the vortex, watching as he transformed to an orb of light and is sucked in, the roar ceasing as it closes thereafter. 
What the? asks James. Drax shrugs getting up and walking up to him.
Time; 2012 A.D., Chronix Bay
Why dont you bring in bigger stories, Melly? asks Benny Yeddy, a short , but irate man who is appointed by his wife to be editor and chief of the Chronix Bay Daily, to his junior reporter Melissa Bagwell. 
I got you the Gamti scandal didnt I? 
I need huge if were going to make big-time he yells in his hoarse voice as he is puffing his cigar. 
I am trying she says as he walks away. 
Why do you let him get to you? asks Tom, a coworker. 
I just remember he has sensitivity issues. The only reason he got the job is because he married the daughter of the Newspapers owner. She crosses her arms and grunts as she sees her boss wander out and then suddenly a loud roar interrupts the somber quietness of the room as a flash of hazy yellow light appears above them and three light orbs appear transforming into men, men wearing dark suits crashing onto the desk and messy paperwork on top of it. Two are conscious and rise up to their feet struggling to the dismay of the coworkers who run back with awe at the event. The vortex fades and the two men look at one another and those who see them and press a , button on their wrist devices as one of them grabs his unconscious comrade. Within seconds they vanish in a whirl of white swirling light. What the heck? Benny asks. The short man runs into the office with a rhetorical yell.
Is that big enough for your boss? asks Melly in a rhetorical grunt and smile. The man stands in shock almost dropping his cigar from his mouth. 
Time; 14 Million, B.C., Chronix Bay
So it is possible beasts are here too? asks Mercedes. 
Yes says Drax.
 Interesting says Mercedes. 
What do you suppose...? asks Drax rhetorically as he begins his sentence seeing the fire nearby grow closer and then as he got closer followed by his friends, he saw that the fire is a beast made of flames. The beast is seven foot tall and eight meters wide and engulfs the small isolated piece of greenery in the desert plains, its eyes wide and white in the midst of its flaming head curved with a large snout over a flaming body and large flaming arms and legs, the form of the beast forms out of the flames as did jagged teeth from its unusually large mouth. In an instant, another steps out of the beast and then another from that one and then another until four beasts of flame stand before the foursome. 
Oh boy, how do we fight fire? asks Mercedes. 
With fire of course says Tina laughingly. 
Now is not the time for jokes says Drax. 
I got this says James confidently as he turns the time stone and the vortex begins to roar , but then slowly dies out as the stone became dull again. Oh, now were dead says James as one of the beast approaches and strikes James burning his arm as it caught ablaze. He drops the time stone onto the desert floor and it rolls away into a crevice under some rocks. Drax and Mercedes try to help him extinguish the flames while Tina begins to spit at the flaming beasts. 
I dont think thats going to work says Drax desperation trying to save James arm from being crisped. The flaming beasts approach in unison and strike them all with a momentous blaze before them. Nothing is left , but charred remains of the foursome.
Time: 1140 A.D., England
The sun shone brightly over castle Roy Tan in the middle ages as Princess Celia is calming herself in her bed ready for a nap. Then suddenly there is a knock at the door. 
Your highness? asks her loyal , butler. 
What is it Cornelius? Celia says slightly rising with a low yawn. 
The men in the yards have unearthed something near the old caves. 
What is it? 
You may want to take a look he gulps. We are not certain what it is. 
After she changed into her ready robe, he leads her to the development chambers where new things are studied and she sees a small object on the table, a green crystalline emerald glowing brightly with five orbs within it equally glowing. 
This looks oddly familiar. She says with a perplexing grin. I have seen this before. 
Yes my lady. Do you remember where? asks Cornelius. Princess Celia did not answer , but stands upright and smiles. She approaches the object and picks it up turning it and stands in awe as a beam of yellow light emerges from it and a roaring circle of light appears before them bending the light around it and passing through the table and anything else around it, including Cornelius who runs off away from it. 
My lady, what devil magic is this? 
Ready the men and horses, Cornelius. We are going on a little trip of an adventure. 
Adventure, to where? he asks. She smirks as she holds the time stone and looks into the vortex with her free hand on her hip. 
To repay a debt she remembers James and misses him deeply. She somehow knows he is in danger and she has to find him. 
CHAPTER 85
Time: 14 Million, B.C., Chronix Bay
The vortex roars loudly in the desert and Princess Celia in her traditional hunting gear exits with Cornelius and five other knights on horseback being armed and ready. The vortex subsides. 
We are in another time, my lady? 
Yes, I explained this to you many times already Cornelius. We have travelled backwards through time like James and his friends. We are here to help them. 
How do we know he is here? 
I just know she says proudly as they ride on into the desert.   
The foursome exit the scorpion car and approach the fire that they notice is a beast whose bright eyes are looking at them as they approach. 
Whoa, how do we fight fire? asks Mercedes. 
With fire says Tina laughingly. 
I dont think this is time for starts Drax , but James points out look as he sees people approaching on horseback. 
Celia! screams James. He runs over and she dismount to their sudden embrace and passionate long kiss. 
Oh James says Celia. 
Where did they come from? asks Mercedes. 
We got a situation here says Drax as the flame beast begin to attack them and as they dodge, the flame beast suddenly split into four flame beasts. The five knights dismount and run towards the beasts with their swords, shields, and lances and attempt to pierce the flaming flesh of the beasts , but are burnt to a crisp. Celia stands in shock. Some of the horses are spooked and run off. James grabs Celia and jumps on her horse and rides off as Drax, Tina, Mercedes, and Cornelius ride off in some of the remaining horses. James waves his hands back as they ride and with a quick use of his powers stimulate his psychic energy fire force that allows him to create a whirlwind of sand and debris that blow around the beasts and extinguishes the flames that give them sustenance to their being so they are no more in existence. A single drop of eyelid with a small spark falls to the desert sand and is buried and extinguished. 
Where are we going? asks Celia. 
Away from there says Tina. They ride and see a series of caves that look familiar like the caves they saw before.
Those resemble the caves at Shireville says Celia. 
Except their higher up and have more rocks covering it as it hasnt been dropped by millions of years of land shifting and tectonic movement says James. James pulls out the time stone and Celia pulls out hers. When they met, the two stones merge into one as James holds it in his hand. 
Unbelievable says Celia. 
You get used to it says Tina, by the way, I dont think we met. 
Not now says James. 
We need to get up there , but we cant on horseback or on foot and that crevice is too narrow for the scorpion car to fly into says Drax. 
Cant we blast a hole? asks Mercedes. 
I dont feel comfortable with that here as the rock face looks too unstable and could cause a cave in says Drax. 
Only one way in says James. He holds out the time stone and turns it opening the vortex and they all ride into it and exit the vortex inside the cave. 
Cool says Tina. 
Nice thinking kid says Drax. 
How did we know to arrive here inside? asks Celia. 
Must be fate, smirks James. 
You are intelligent and handsome says Celia smiling at him, a magnificent combination fit for a king. 
Are you proposing to me my dear? asks James. 
Anything is possible she replies. 
I am a man of the road. They walk forward in the darkness. Drax activates his beacon light and they saw writing and drawings on the cave walls depicting various tales. 
More stories says Mercedes. 
Yes says Drax. I understand these. 
What does it say? asks Tina. 
There seems to be a story about a long distant land, a utopia where perfection is epitomized, like Eden, Atlantis, and Shangri-La The old indigenous translation into Spanish is Tierra de la tiempo. 
The land of time says Mercedes. 
There is more about a battle and light versus dark forces, chosen ones destined to meet again and again and conflict over the land of time. A union of thirteen races mastering the elements, exploring all there is to see and do in the vast and infinite universe then discovering their own past, being time masters the pregivers. 
So they were here? asks James. 
I dont understand says Celia. 
Ill explain later cautions James. 
The pregivers has an artifact by which to control the forces of time, the time stone , but they also has a magnificent vessel that is the heart of their extravagant space universe civilization, a ship or station or placeconnected to the land of time and based on the harmonious notes of the cosmic symphony. It gets faded here. , but the legend of the holder of the stones he, James, is the one to fight for forces of light against the dark emissary of evil. James is destined as others before him supposedly to stop the coming uplift and walk amongst angels. 
James is an angel asks Celia. No doubt they were correct. 
	James face focuses as a blank stare as his mind starts to form inward as he sees the vision of the entire universe and then a white light that he sees not just in his minds eye , but in actuality before him glowing and vibrating as it reached out to him and he saw eyes appear in the light, white eyeballs with black pupils floating amidst the sea of white light before him. Who are you? He asks not fearing it. The light moves and he understands it. He recognizes the light and knew it because he had felt its presence before, inside him, the growing force that is accumulating and giving him greater abilities he understands has formed itself outside of him allowing him to see and communicate with its life essence now before him. He remembers each incident of his experiences with the cave writings and the pregiver legend and realizes it is all common and part of the same plan, his fate to be here with this form to subsume and to join with it. 
What is it? asks Tina. , but James mind remains fixated on the life force before him glowing brightly ever shining and beautiful like the sunlight piercing in its own energy. It speaks to James softly with its movements and he understands it. What is it James? screams Tina. There is nothing there she yells dismounting her horse and approaching James. James mind and body remain focused and linked with the form in a psychic bond. I am afraid to leave them. I dont want to leave them.  He sheds a tear and several tears fall down his face as he looks into the light being staring into him speaking to him softly and seeming sympathetic with his plight. He knew he has to do what is necessary. He dismounts his horse to the dismay of his companions and approaches the light. 
I know what I have to do he turns to them and smiles with his face full of tears. I was given these powers for a reason and I know what must be done. I wont see you guys for a while , but I will always be with you. Remember that! 
James? Youre scaring us says Tina. 
Yeah whats this about? asks Mercedes. 
Sometimes you have to go your own way says James. 
He has to fulfill his destiny says Drax. 
James, dont go says Celia. 
I will never forget you he looks into her eyes and drank the sorrow within as she sheds tears with him. Any of you he looks up and he lifts his arms up and turns to the energy being with light wings stretched like an angel engulfing him. He feels his molecules pull apart and his physical body disassemble as he is being pulls upward, uplifted by a higher source and James generates into that source he is completely absorbed into the light as it fills the entire cave. As his physical body deteriorates and he forms a cloud of pure white energy, he remembers the faces of his friends and the words that echo his very being since he was a child, knowledge is power. 
Tina looks up in shock and tears, I will miss you, as she saw her friend formed upward into a white halo of smoke and light last seeing the white of his eyes as he fades disintegrating into the empty air above them. Celia, Cornelius, Drax, Mercedes, and Tina remain there confused. A beam spot in the cave is triggered and the entire room is covered in light. 
Drax, Tina, Mercedes, Cornelius, and Celia find themselves with their horses back at the location near the scorpion car away from the caves. A white light hovers over the desert sky above twirling and glowing, stretching its wings above them as they stand and watch and feel it is James, his being, his essence, his nonphysical spiritual self-leaving and saying goodbye one last time as the light slowly dissipates and Tina approaches looking sadly and disdainfully into her oldest friend fading away into empty air to a light energy being that he has now become. The others stand by grieving and mourning for a moment of silence. The vortex suddenly opens in midair absorbing the whole white light. 
Hes gone says Mercedes sadly. Celia weeps. Tina sobers. Drax mopes. 
We should get going says Drax holding the time stone he picks up off the ground. Drax, Tina, and Mercedes enter the scorpion car and Celia and Cornelius mount their steeds and the vortex roars before each of them to their respective destinations. 
CHAPTER 86
Time: 1890 A.D., Tennessee
The ranch of Johann McGuire in Central Tennessee is a quaint range-like feel as the wooden fences and plowed hayfields adorned landscape below the crimson orange country skies over the crop-filled terrain. 
I always wanted to be a spy , but cowboys and Indians were never my strong suit says Tina admiring her pink western shirt and white cowgirl hat and boots complete with matching spurs. 
I dont even have a gun you dont need one says Drax. 
This is a pretty laid back time Mercedes says turning as she pushed up the sleeves of her white western shirt and matching hat and boots. 
The year is 1809 A.D. says Drax. 
The heart of the old west, I always loved this era as a kid. Something about it makes me feel like home says Tina. 
Well, its not. Lets keep our eye on the ball says Mercedes. 
I hope Celia and Cornelius made it home OK! Yeah, theyre good people says Tina. 
Come on, we should get outside to see if they need a hand. We got some time until the time stone recharges. They walk out. Hey McGuire yells Drax. 
You got some work for us. Then suddenly Tina is drawn to something. That is really weird she says. 
What? Mercedes asks. 
I just feel like going over to  she walks across the ranch and headed running outside of the perimeter of the ranch and headed out into the open desert. 
Wait Tina Mercedes yells. 
Lets go get the car says Drax. Drax and Mercedes drive along the desert ground and catch up with Tina who slows down and approaches a wall about a mile from town, the wall appearing to be made of stone , but has a metallic look to it as well. It is greenish, curve, and has holes in a strange sequence that seem other worldly. 
What did you find, Tina? Drax asks. 
I think its a code. I dont know what it is , but I am feeling the need to approach it. I wish I could understand. Its a pretty compelling feeling, if you know what I mean. She stares deep into the wall. Maybe this is alien in origin, like the pre givers again. 
It could be says Drax getting out and looking at it with her. Mercedes joined and stands back as Tina and Drax crouches down studying the design. I have never seen anything quite like this, not even in the pre giver caves we were in. Why would it be out in the open like this and what could it mean? asks Drax rhetorically. 
This could take ages to study by the top scientific and crypt archeological minds in the field. Tina says.
Let me see says another voice behind them that shocks them and makes them turn in horror. 
Oh my God, who are you? asks Drax. 
Who are you? asks the man, a slight middle aged man with glasses, wavy brown hair, a brown mustache, and glasses. 
Howard Kowolski? asks Tina curious with a shock. We got to stop meeting like this. 
How do you know my name? He asks. 
Uh we found out about your past from your future she brushes it off to the dismay of her companions. 
Hmm, time travelers huh? I would not have believed it too long ago. I have been trying to unlock the secrets of the wall since I arrived a decade ago. He says.
 Arrived from the future? asks Mercedes. 
Yes, I imagine you came the same way he says nodding. 
Sort of she smiles.  
I have been close to unlocking the code to this wall , but every time, I forget. I think I am growing a little senile. What an odd phenomenon? Kowolski asks. He randomly touches his head looking at the sky. 
A little? asks Drax. 
You really were here ten years? asks Tina. 
He nods fast. Be wary, travelers. There are many beasts about there from another world, another dimension. They are brought by your machination friends, super spy Milton Drax.
Yeah, we know that says Mercedes rhetorically.
There is the worst to come. Energy is the key and thenYou see, I have learned that there are natural hotspots of negative energy on the worlds electromagnetic grid axis and if there occurs a solar flare on the precipice of the end of the year bigger than any in the history of the world it could be enough to trigger those spots and cause them to simultaneously rupture causing there to be born a conduit directly into the past, the natural effect of what the time stone achieves , but artificially stronger. We must stop it. We must destroy it! He panics. And I lost my time stone. I lost my marbles. He runs off in the distance waving his arms around. 
Poor dude says Tina. 
Yeah, a little crazy too says Mercedes. 
So how do we solve this so we dont end up like crazy boy over there? Drax says. 
Leave that to me says a womans voice. They turn and see a tall voluptuous long legged woman with a black leather skin tight outfit, gloves, and biker helmet. She takes off the helmet and lets her long blonde locks hang down beside her. Her deep brown eyes and plush lips made Drax feel an unbelievably attraction to her. 
Who are you? Drax asks. 
Tina knows me. The woman says. 
I do? asks Tina as Drax and Mercedes turn to her. 
We met in the future says the woman.  
That fortune teller we met says Tina. 
Right she smiles. 
, but you look different, and yeah, how you been? asks Tina. 
Well, I am not really her. I am her descendant from the year 2055 A.D. 
Oh yeah, I knew that says Tina sarcastically. 
My name is Alexandra and I am her great, great, great, great, great, great granddaughter. I travelled here from what you would call the future says the woman.  
What I would call? asks Tina. 
Our perceptions and definitions of time are different from yours. I am here to help you now says Alexandra. 
How? she asks. 
The alien riddle on the wall says Alexandra.
Thats a riddle? asks Mercedes. 
I will translate it says Alexandra.  
OK says Drax.
The last time there is a great wonder in the clouds, the coming of a new horizon dawns, the cornerstone, legendary and secret, the book of time goes on. 
Thats it? asks Tina. 
That is it! Alexandra replies confidently. I must go now. 
Wait, there is more you could tell us says Mercedes. 
Yeah, why did you help us, who sent you? asks Drax. 
I cannot answer your inquires. I can only say this; each of us has a purpose in time. When it is to be known, it shall be known. We are all part of one great linen cloth in time. Alexandra smiles at that last part and put back on her helmet nodding, in the name of justice I fight, to them and jumps up in the air and vanishes in a haze of white yellowish light as a vortex appears and consumes her. 
Wow says Tina. 
She is amazing and beautiful says Drax. 
She is Soteira says Mercedes. The one who randomly appears and helps people in 2012 and I suspect now all of time. 
Oh my God says Tina. 
Yeah , but we have the answer to the riddle says Mercedes. And look the time stone is lit up they saw it glowing and the five orbs buzzing brightly. 
Did you see the patch on her uniform? asks Drax. 
Yes, it is dreadfully familiar says Mercedes. A colorful curved weapon or bridge symbol with words etched on it. 
The Culto? asks Tina rhetorically. Could they be good guys in the future? 
Stranger things have happened says Drax. Lets get out of here buddies. 
Lets ride Mercedes says as they enter the scorpion car and vanishes into the hazing vortex that is emitted by the time stone.  
CHAPTER 87
Time: 2012, A.D., Chronix Bay
Around the city of Chronix Bay, there are sirens and lights from police cars wailing as federal agents suited up running about and hovering about the scene of a gruesome series of bloody murders. 
What do you got, Mac? asks Adam, the FBI Agent, a smooth-talking man in a dark grey suit with his hands on hips and dashing smirk. 
Seventeenth woman this week, killed and totally the victim of exsanguinations... you know drained of blood says Mac, a chubby balding man in a cheap suit holding a white box and wearing white gloves. 
So were still hunting count Dracula says Adam. 
I dont like this. I used to hear stories of olden times when there were similar occurrences and they were never solved. 
We might be fated to suffer the same fate. Mac nods as the two men stand overlooking the coroner taking the latest victim away in a body bag. 
Strange claw marks says Adam looking at the face of the latest victim, a petite blonde woman, with three claw marks on her bloody face, gashed in like a wild animal tore at her flesh, loose pieces of brown hair surround the wound. Adam looks at the back of his hand and saw the brown hair on his body and extended fingernails. 
The tall skyscrapers and structures of the modern era are a sight for sore eyes and Mercedes, Tina, and Drax look up at the Chronix Bay towers as a jet 747 engine plane soars overhead. 
Yes, says Drax. The year is 2012. Were back. We made it home. He pumps his fists in midair. 
, but were a man down says Tina sadly. 
Dont worry says Mercedes consoling her with her arms around her. They hear loud booms coming from the air above with loud echoes. 
 Sounds like firecrackers says Tina. 
Its not firecrackers says Drax looking at the launching of small projectile missiles from the side of the building to a distant location. They look up and see a familiar sight, Satyr flying up towards the apex of the central complex. 
Oh no, what is he up to? asks Mercedes. 
Lets go check it out says Drax. We can arouse less suspicion by taking the elevators. I still know the access codes. The trio walks into the building and into the elevator and stands in formation like a triangle as they headed up to the top floor. 
We can still change things and stop the Machinations experiment or more of it from harming the past? asks Tina. 
We got to try says Mercedes. 
We will try and possibly save the future as we know it says Drax determined. They hear one loud boom after another in the skies above.
The elevator made it to the top floor and they walk off onto the roof out of a cylindrical entryway. Satyr stands over an altar set up with lit candles and roaring flames in gold bowls. A struggling limp form laid on the table, a young woman with brunette hair and wearing a white gown. She is shackled at the wrists and ankles with chains pouring down the altar. Satyr chants in a different language as he holds a curved dagger over her body with both hands.  
What the hell is going on here? asks Drax. He runs over to the altar as Satyr turns and turns the dagger to him. Satyr lunges forward and Drax dodges and struck Satyr in the jaw over and over with his clenched fists. Then Adam came running up the stairs gun drawn. 
Hold it, FBI he yells. Tina and Mercedes run over to the altar and try to undo the restrains on the helpless prisoner , but are unable to free her. Loud noises and booms continue above them. Drax continues to pummel at Satyr who grabs Drax and tosses him to the floor. Adam yells again for them to get up and they do. 
You fool yells Satyr. 
Dad says Adam; I know it is you behind the killings of those women and the others in the past. Drax looks at him with a perplexed grin. He kicks at Satyr who grabs Drax by the leg and pushes him back. Drax falls back. Satyr opens his large mouth and reaches with his tongue extending long like a hose towards Adam and grabs him by the neck wrapping it around him and choking the life out of him, causing him to drop his gun as Adam held for his neck. He falls to the ground as his face turns blue from deoxygenating. He collapses as he looks with shock as the last thing he saw is Satyrs rage. 
The apple doesnt fall far from the tree, indeed says Satyr. Drax runs over and he kicked Satyrs hand as he is distracted. The dagger went sliding on the floor near the large altar. 
This is not over yells Satyr as he runs over the edge of the building up a ramp and jumps upward into the air and over the six thousand feet below as he lifts himself up flapping his extending wingspan. Drax picks up and pockets the knife at the same time he reaches for the gun and then rolls on the ground and fires several shots up into the air facing Satyr. The shots strike Satyr in the back causing him to fall down to the Earth below. Drax runs over to Mercedes and Tina with the prisoner on the altar. 
I thought human sacrifice went the way of slavery, says Tina. 
Its the ancient right of Maldificio, the ritual sacrifice of a traitor Drax says. 
What could she possibly have done? asks Tina. 
I dont know says Drax. 
She is very faint says Mercedes checking the womans pulse. 
I think she is trying to say something, says Drax. He saw her moving her lips with a sense of apprehension. Tina lowered and turns her head to the womans mouth and raises her eyebrows as her eyes widen with sudden shock. 
Are you sure? asks Tina as she is listening again. Oh my God, OK well take care of it. The woman then stops moving and her head drops to the side. 
I am not getting a pulse, were losing her. She needs medical attention now screams Mercedes, I cant do anything here she sat worrisome as she is looking at her. Shes gone. 
Its not your fault says Drax as he saw her weep in mourning for the stranger on the large altar. What did she say Tina? asks Drax. 
There is going to be an attack. She is named Sylvia Armstrong says Mercedes.
I know her says Tina the news lady. 
Yeah, she says she is a reporter for Chronix Bay-13 news and is doing an inside job on Temporo, Inc. and found out they were planning and to sabotage some group across town, a competitor, I dont know , but her discovery must have caused them to accelerate their schedule and they have something in orbit that is going to strike any moment now and cause major destruction says Mercedes.
Thats why they were trying to sacrifice her. She had been discovered says Drax. 
We got to do something says Mercedes. This could be what James saw in his vision, what we learned causes the great conflict, a major catastrophic event. 
Oh no says Drax. In theory such a catastrophe could be a temporal divergence that leads to the future the way we saw it. That could be the coming they kept referring to. 
They? asks Mercedes. 
Never mind, we have to go now says Drax as he fiddles with his wrist remote and says I am summoning the scorpion car to us. 
I guess this is the better time Tina smirks looking upward into the roaring winds as the car approaches them in mid-air. It looks a lot cleaner than before  because it is brand new here.
Within minutes, they are racing across the air in the scorpion car. Here, Tina says Drax handing her the handheld scanner and told her to find the weapon. 
How do I do that? She screams. 
Follow the yellow lines says Drax as he pointed to a red , button on the front and slider switch. The lines will lead you to a strong energy surge and if it seems there is something big enough to be emanating a radiogenic particle field, hit the red , button, OK? 
Yes sir she replies holding the device carefully. 
Mercedes, when I say take the wheel; I need you to take the wheel, OK? 
OK she says nervously sitting in the seat beside him. 
We got to find this weapon and use the scorpion cars primary weapon against it before it can be deployed against its target and virtually end the world says Drax. 
They both nod in response to his commands. They race across the sky at lightning fast speeds. 
I am getting something says Tina. Its very big, radiogenic identified. 
Hit the red , button says Drax.
Tina presses the red , button as hard as she could. The handheld scanner starts beeping loudly and the scorpion car is changing direction towards the heavens above higher and higher. Drax presses a , button and converts the car back to its scorpion attack mode and isolates the three of them in a small self-sustained bubble. The car breaks through the atmosphere and into orbit zooming high above into outer space to their amazement. 
I have never seen anything so beautiful says Mercedes. The aura surrounding the craft illuminates the space before them. The space is immense and yet small as a vaguely lit dim vacuum. They saw a large object in orbit, a metallic orb the size of a continent stretching on for thousands of miles across and high. 
Thats it says Drax the weapon. It began to glow bright purple and emits small beads of light energy. 
Fire the weapon lets blow it says Tina. 
Mercedes take the wheel and began chauffeuring it in circles says Drax. Mercedes gets behind the wheel and Drax climbs up to a second tier of the small bubble they occupy where he sits up and holds himself like a gunner in a battleship. He presses a series of commands on a panel and within moments the scorpion weapon begins to heat up bright orange and almost instantly thereafter fire a projectile of pure energy into the orb. The blast spread outward for miles , but afterwards they saw it did nothing. 
It didnt even put a dent in the orb says Tina. The Scorpion cars main weapon blast fizzled in the middle of empty space before the orb object. 
Damn it yells Drax, its a shield. 
Try again says Mercedes piloting the car around in circles. 
No use, we got to find something else. Drax says.
How come we dont try using the time stone? Tina asks. 
That could work Drax says. 
Uh oh Tina says. Look, as she saw on the device a large buildup of radiogenic energy. Its building up to something. 
Its going to fire Drax says. 
Mercedes get us back to the planet now. Pull the wheel down. He climbs into the cockpit with them again just as Mercedes obeys his order and pulls the wheel down causing the car to spiral downward back into the atmospheres majestic flaming roar surrounding the car. The orb begins to turn and the beads of light concentrate at a single point. Were not going to make it says Drax seeing they were in the atmosphere , but far from landfall. We got to eject or were dead so he presses a command on the console before Mercedes and a small hatch opens up with a yellow and black marked lever. He pulls it and the small bubble they occupied rears up and out in the momentum of the falling car just as the orb emits the beads of light in a single focus concentrated-energy beam down towards the car striking it and obliterating it into several small unidentifiable pieces. The bubble with the trio rockets towards the landscape below barely missing being hit by the intense beam of light. 
Wow, that was close says Tina. The bubble flies down burning up surrounded by flames. 
Can we control where we land? asks Mercedes. 
Yeah, good idea says Tina I can pick up a tall structure 3000 feet away. She says looking into the handheld device. 
Steer a course says Drax as Mercedes navigating the bubble with the wheel in the direction Tina points. The bubble zooms down and comes approaching a tall building with a large antennae and then crashes down onto the roof of the tall skyscraper dragging along the floor until coming to a screeching halt at the edge of the roof near a small inner structure. 
Whoa says Mercedes. My scorpion driving days are over I guess. 
Lets go, we dont have a lot of time says Drax popping the hood of the bubble opens and they all pour out. The darkness of the night sky is awe-inspiring , but pales in comparison to the destructive impact on the side of the building they were on as the glass windows were broken and the obvious remnants of an explosion is left charred into the side of the building. 
Looks like the missile attacks stops , but this is obviously where they were targeted by Temporo no doubt says Mercedes. 
We need to try something else to destroy that orb says Tina. 
This is the key she holds out the time stone glowing brightly. Mercedes and Drax reach for it. 
Whatever we do we have to do it quick? asks Drax the winds blowing fiercely about them. Then they each try to pull away and the time stone disconnects into separate parts, the five sides became disjointed and the five orbs became separated, with one in each part.  
Oh great we broke it says Tina. 
Huh? Its never done that before says Mercedes. Tina smirks. 
Did you know about this? asks Mercedes looking at Drax. 
I swear I didnt he shakes his head. , but this must mean something. We unlocked some other possible potential for the time stone. They each hold a piece. 
We got to figure this out and fast before that weapon strikes again says Tina. 
Then Satyr lands on the roof flapping his wings. 
Uh oh, company says Mercedes as they turn to face him. 
What do you want? asks Drax. 
I was cooped up too long. Satyr replies. I am not here to fight. I was thinking long and hard about what you said to me long ago, some odd seventy years. 
Tina looks at her comrades and remembers it like it was yesterday as they were there. Yeah? asks Tina. 
We are the same race and I know it now. My misgivings were compounded by ages of hatred and prejudice. I am ready to begin a new and work towards a brighter future. 
Thats sweet Satyr says Tina. 
Yeah except no one is going to have a brighter future unless we destroy that orb yells Mercedes. 
We got one shot says Drax. , but we dont know how 
The solution to stopping the Alchemic Orb is to unleash the time stones ultimate potential, a direct shot upward harnessing the type 3 quantum-chronoians-posian particles drawn by the device from the space time continuum will annihilate the orb by accelerating the temporal divergence process and ultimately pushing it out of phase with this reality and it will not be able to survive nor impact this world. Satyr says.
Time as a weapon says Drax confidently. 
How do you know this? asks Mercedes. 
I ate a scientist he grimaces to their dismay. 
Lets make it happen says Drax. They each walk over to the center of the building. Satyr grabs a piece of the time stone too leaving Tina with one outer piece and one inner peace. 
If only we have one more person says Tina sadly thinking of James. Then suddenly a white light appears overhead as a vortex opens releasing the white light they last saw in the desert, the calming and peaceful halo remnants of their comrade James Timewalker. 
Is it the weapon? asks Mercedes. 
No says Tina, its James she feels his presence, peaceful, carefree, joyous, loving, and warm. The light spreads over them in the night sky. 
Amazing says Mercedes.
Also look where we are standing says Drax, there are five corners to this building like the time stone. Maybe if we all stand in one corner and put our faith into this light entity being our friend it will be enough to tap into the time stones power to stop the attack wherever it is. 
A good defense is a good offense says Mercedes. Anyone know whose building this is? 
Beats me , but we got to do this or we dont stand a chance at beating the orb says Tina. 
Lets do it says Mercedes. 
OK, everyone to your places says Drax. Tina, Mercedes, and Satyr each head to a corner of the building and Drax takes the extra piece middle section from Tina and placed it in the central corner where the white light concentrated and set itself. 
I hope this is you James old buddy old pal. If so, we will find out says Drax dropping the fifth piece of the time stone before the white light. Then he runs over to the other corner. 
Lets do this Drax yells put our faith in the white light and in each other. We are one! 
Together they held up the time stone chards they each hold and the light elevates the fifth piece off of the ground by its own psychic energy having its own life. The five pieces begin to glow. 
Concentrate everybody says Satyr. Then in orbit the orb spun around and began to generate the light beads around it at a focal point ten times as large as the last burst it let loose and in an instant it is intensifying in its preparation to fire the weapon. A beam of yellow hazy light emerged from each time stone chard on the building roof and the five pieces each shine a light that met in the center and combined to form a large circular loop of light energy that intensify and in an instant fires upward just as the orb fires downward, the individuals below felt themselves combine as if they could hear what each is thinking, their respective concerns for the future, the orbs projectile is then being neutralized by the blast from the time stone being galvanized by the white light beings own aura as it continues upward to the orb blasting it in a horrific explosion as the mass debris from the orb scatter itself with concussive force throughout the planets orbit and atmosphere burning up the incoming fragments exploding in the air like fireworks over the night sky as the lights dissipate. The fragments explode and clearly fade almost instantly upon impact. Tina, Mercedes, and Drax jump for joy as they witness the event and Satyr nods in retrospect smiling gleefully. The white light being fades up into the air as if bidding them a final farewell into the vortex that opens for it and closes thereafter and the crew remain staring up into the sky forever focusing on the future. 
The good book observed [f]or as the lightning comes from the east and flashes to the west, so also will the coming of the Son of man. Matthew 24:27 says Mercedes smiling.
The group stands on the edge of the rooftop together as they saw the remnants of the device explode and phase out into the atmosphere in a flashing display of lights and colors.  
CHAPTER 88
One year later
Time: 2013, A.D., Chronix Bay
On a beach in the Cayman Islands, the waves crashed onto the rocks ashore as the winds dragged in a mix of fresh sand and salt water vaporized in the air giving the ideal sense of comfort and relaxation for Drax, Tina, and Mercedes who lay in swimsuits on beach chairs tanning under the golden sun. 
Isnt it something? asks Drax. Just like that its over, after everything we have been through. 
It sure seems weird how things were says Mercedes. 
Yeah says Tina, Satyr is back in his universe for now hoping to inform other beasts that we are the same race after all. We averted a disaster, saved the future, and the time stone is back in one piece in the Museum of Ancient History in Chronix Bay. 
Time heals all wounds. That is good teaming up with Satyr. He is not such a bad guy or beast or whatever says Mercedes. 
We cleared our names says Tina smiling. 
We saved the future of the world says Mercedes. 
And I still have my position with a huge advancement with another company that is working with law enforcement authorities to investigate Temporo, Inc.'s illicit dealings. says Drax. 
How did you do that? asks Tina. 
I called a friend at the pentagon that made a few calls within intelligence circles. Its not what you know, its who you know. says Drax. 
Looks like it will be a crippling blow to the machination says Mercedes. 
Right, for now we got rid of Broad and stop the great experiment or great weapon from damning the world. , but who knows what else there might be in store for the future? Only time will tell says Drax. 
What now for the great Milton Drax? Mercedes asks. 
Well the government is taking control of Temporo Inc.'s holdings and a new agency is being formed. It is sort of top secret right now , but they want me to head it up or at least a part of it. They are very interested in discovering more about the thirteen races like the Pregivers and the Garnicones and their amazing empire and abilities and the holder legend. You wouldnt believe the amazing things they are finding and claiming connections to these beings to various strange occurrences throughout the globe all throughout history. It is a very high government interest. The project is called Union. They all smile at once. 
Nice says Tina. 
And where I go, you two go. I need people I can trust. 
Thats the new adventure for us smiles Mercedes. 
Yeah says Tina. They all smiles then Tina frowns, we did a lot of good , but at what sacrifice. She sat thinking of James. We each have to vow to be true to ourselves and each other, to continue to fight to make things right so James sacrifices arent in vain says Tina. 
Thats true says Drax. 
Where did he go? asks Mercedes. 
He uplifted. He shed his physical form to exist as metaphysical energy on another level of being , but I think he will always be with us, watching over. In a way he really is in a better place. I want to believe he was with us there that night we took down the uni-orb says Drax.
He was says Tina wiping away a tear. 
Look, weve all got a bond the four of us forged that is stronger than family and friendship combined. We are a team and we will be reunited. Says Drax forcefully as they looks at one another and then looks up into the sunlit sky sensing the future is secure.  
Tina looks up into the bright sunlit sky and remembered an old limerick she hears once as a child, There once was a young lady named Bright, who travelled much faster than light. She started one day in a relative way and returns on the previous night! She smiles thinking everything would be alright as they would see James again, after all time is on their side.
CHAPTER 89
Time: 2013, A.D., Chronix Bay; Museum of Ancient History
The Museum of Ancient History is well lit in the middle of the day in Chronix Bay. A teacher lectures as she leads a class of eager fifth graders down the gallery. The sounds of people eyeing their favorite exhibits are making vibrant trends in the midst of the sunlight. Two men walk arm in arm whispering to one another, one with dark hair and the other bald and with a mustache, they dress in business casual attire and smirk as they pass a casing with the green emerald five pointed object with five orbs in the center. The case has a wired alarm system and siren light above it. 
Its going to be deserted after six. Security takes lunch at seven. There should be nobody around. I will break in and steal it then, says the dark-haired man. 
Sounds good says the bald man as they passed by the casing. 
A young boy runs up to the casing and puts his hands on it as he eyeballs the precious jewel within. He has a fair-haired dark black set of curls and a look of innocence as he gazes into the casing. 
Howard Howard Kowolski, come here this instant, a woman yells from a distance and the twelve-year-old boy turns and groans then turns back to the casing and says someday before he runs off away from the casing. 
The object glows brightly as it is viewed straight and organized in the casing by all who pass by it, believing it is the sun glistening off of it and the casing , but it vibrantly glows proudly from within. The Time Stone!


CHAPTER 90
Time: Unknown
Somewhere in time, far from Chronix Bay, a dark shadow of a man sits, with bumps on his face like feathers, cloaked in darkness and in an environment of pure light shining around him , but only intensifying his completely dark form, a shadow in the light alone, the same form that gives orders to the Machination. He screams up into the void of empty space loudly summoning all the fear and anguish that he could sustain and harness throughout all of time. 
The End!
			 
