

Copyright  2014 by Donna Alward

Smashwords Edition


All rights reserved under International and Pan-American Copyright Conventions

ISBN No. 978-0-9937167-0-6
This book has been previously published and has been revised from its original release.

By payment of required fees, you have been granted the non-exclusive, non-transferable right to access and read the text of this book. No part of this text may be reproduced, transmitted, downloaded, decompiled, reverse engineered, or stored in or introduced into any information storage and retrieval system, in any form or by any means, whether electronic or mechanical, now known or hereinafter invented without the express written permission of copyright owner.

Please Note

The reverse engineering, uploading, and/or distributing of this book via the internet or via any other means without the permission of the copyright owner is illegal and punishable by law. Please purchase only authorized electronic editions, and do not participate in or encourage electronic piracy of copyrighted materials. Your support of the author's rights is appreciated

No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any electronic or mechanical means, including photocopying, recording or by any information storage and retrieval system, without the written permission of the publisher, except where permitted by law.

Thank you.

Cover Design and Interior format by The Killion Group
http://thekilliongroupinc.com

Chapter One

Katie wiped her sweating hands on her skirt, lifted her hand to knock on the dark wooden door and drew it back.
For the third time.
Why was she so afraid of seeing Richard Emerson again? They hadnt seen each other since high school. Surely theyd both grown up enough to leave unpleasantness behind. But the stakes were high now, at least for her. Richard was her last chance. Shed been standing before his office door for five full minutes and had yet to garner the courage to knock.
Before she could chicken out once more, she took a deep breath, rapped on the closed door three times and stepped back. She tugged at her navy skirt and matching jacket, hoping she looked professional. She needed him to take her seriously.
Come in, a deep voice intoned, and she turned the knob. It was slippery in her palm and she exhaled, trying but failing to calm the nerves bouncing around in the pit of her stomach.
Stepping into the office, she saw him sitting in a seating area on the left. Richard, severe and imposing, was ensconced in a comfortable blue chair, files before him on a glass-topped, round table.
Ill be right with you, he said without looking up.
She couldnt help but stare. Where was the lanky, nerdy boy she remembered? The man with the thick file before him wasnt the math geek shed known all those years ago. His hair was rich and black with a hint of natural curl, and the sleeves of his dress shirt were rolled back to reveal strong forearms sprinkled with dark hair. Her eyes widened and pulse quickened at the sight of the man hed become.
She forced herself to divert her attention to his office and was further discomfited by the startling neatness and the precision of organization. Honeyed hardwood covered the floors. A gigantic bookshelf covered one wall, each book spine lined up neatly. There was a beige file cabinet to one side, a smooth mahogany desk and a plush leather chair empty behind it. Everything was in an exact place. She wagered if she asked him where his extra staples were, hed pull them out of a slot made specifically for that very purpose. All indications pointed to an orderly, analytical mind. In that way, she supposed, he hadnt changed a bit.
She heard the file close.
Sorry about that, Miss
Katie
He turned his head. Buick, he finished, his lips curving up a bit in surprised recognition. My God. It really is you. Dad said you might be dropping by.
Yes, on business.
She wiped her hands on her skirt again, cursing inwardly at her awkwardness.
For a long moment, they stared at each other. She saw his eyes were the same deep brown, still fringed with thick lashes. They had always been his best feature. She counted back. Ten years ago, theyd graduated high school together. Ten years ago, hed been the one with sweaty palms as hed invited her to the prom. Ten years ago, shed laughed in his face. Not that hed helped his case any. Hed had scrawny arms and a pimply face and had generally been known as a complete nerd. Still, theyd had a few classes together and their parents were friends. He hadnt been bad to talk to. And hed had big dreams. Katied admired that.
But hed waited until three days before prom to ask her to go with him, and then hed done it in public around all her friends. Theyd never understand that Katie actually liked Nerdboy, as they called him. One of the girlsshe couldnt even remember her name nowhad made a snotty remark, and Katie had done something cruelshed laughed at him. Instantly, his cheeks had stained red and hed shuffled away. Shed felt awful, but had never gotten up the courage to apologize. It hadnt been her finest moment.
Now the joke was on her.
The man rising before her had certainly changed. His dark looks were now quite handsome. Hed lost his gawky teenage gangliness and his face was clear and tanned, smooth from his morning shave. He stood, his legs long and lean in the expensive fabric of his suit, while his shirt stretched taut across broad shoulders. In fact, besides the eyes and the shape of his mouth, it was almost like looking at a different person. He came forward, holding out a hand. She took it, hoping to God hers wasnt as clammy as she thought it must be.
She blushed, and he smiled again, the warmth not quite meeting his eyes as he withdrew his hand. You have business. Care to sit?
She stepped forward, her heels clicking like gunshots behind him on the hardwood floor of his office. It seemed to take forever to cross the expanse, evidence of how well hed done for himself.
Thanks. This is a beautiful office. Way to go, Katie, she thought. Nice sparkling conversation youve got going.
She took the chair opposite him, put down her portfolio and crossed her legs. Without thinking, she defensively crossed her arms.
The perks of being the president, he remarked, closed the open file on the table and pushed it to one side. Folding his hands in his lap, he wasted no time. What can I do for you today?
Ouch. That sounded like a standard line if ever there was one. Looking up at him, she saw his face was impersonal and barely interested. How could she ever sell him on this idea?
Im starting a new business.
What does that have to do with me?
She bit down on her lip. Well, unfortunately the financing has beenelusive.
The banks turned you down. He cut straight to the chase and she winced.
Yes. Oh, how it hurt to admit it. Shed tried everything, but no one wanted to take a chance on her idea or put the money behind it. She had no experience, few credentialsjust a small dream and a desire to make it happen. Apparently, the promise to work hard didnt go very far in the business world. Shed done her homework, and though the banks thought her too much of a risk, there was no doubt in her mind she could do this.
Perhaps youd better tell me about your venture, though Im not sure how I can help. I assume it has nothing to do with land development?
No, it doesnt. But when I kept hitting brick walls, Dad suggested I try here. That had stung too. Both taking advice from her dad and resorting to nepotism. It was definitely humbling.
To avoid meeting his eyes, she gazed around his office once more. He was a land developer and it was obviously very lucrative. Katie smoothed her department-store skirt, terribly aware of how circumstances had changed. RichardRicnow held the power to reject her and her idea, and she wondered if hed turn her down as simple revenge for how shed treated him in the past. Until now, shed done a good job of avoiding him. Sucking up to him and his bank balance was something that didnt appeal to her. If only shed apologized all those years ago instead of leaving it be. But now their past was like another person in the room with them. She fought to get the words out.
I want to open a restaurant.
He steepled his fingers and rested them on his lips. I see.
Not any restaurant. Something different.
Everyone thinks their idea is different.
Y-yes. Im sure they do, she faltered. She had to convince him that her idea was innovative. And beyond that, profitable. But every time she looked at him, she only saw the hurt in his eyes that day when shed laughed at him.
He crossed his ankle over his knee, the black trouser leg flawless. Convince me.
Katie took a breath. Damn him for being completely in control, coolly implacable. She was sure her face was flushed, ruining any effect her careful application of makeup may have had. She uncrossed her arms and reached for her portfolio and the facts and figures shed brought along to back her up.
I want to open a healthy-choices type restaurant. Nothing upscale, in fact, it would cater mostly to the downtown lunch crowd. All of our selections would be based on sound nutrition. Whole grains, low in saturated fat, emphasis on vegetables and fruits, locally sourced and mostly organic. An alternative to fast food, if you will, but at the same time a step up. Something to grab on the run but also to sit down and enjoy.
Do you seriously think it will fly?
Yes, I do, she replied, taking files out of her case. In fact, I developed a bit of a survey about peoples dietary habits, dining out habits and what sort of things theyd be interested in. I tabulated the results. Its clear. People are increasingly aware of their health and wanting to eat better, but they admit there seem to be few choices for eating out on a budget, and even fewer for eating out without overloading on starch and fats.
She handed him the survey but continued on as he looked at it, the words spilling out as nervous energy pushed her on.
Several fast food chains carry salads now. And theyre obviously popular, because they havent pulled them from the market. Theyre slowly incorporating other healthier choices. The newest trend though, is not just healthy food but where and how its grown. Id like to get established now. What is it you say? Get in on the bottom floor?
Richard looked up, met her eyes, and she felt a jolt. He had grown up well. Now he was rich. Hed always said he would be and people had pointed their fingers and laughed. Hed told her about it one afternoon at a brunch his parents had held. Hed remarked with some amazement that she was the first person who hadnt laughed at him.
Now here he was, president of his own company, mature, filled out and handsome. There was more to him than his physical appearanceit was power. It made for a potent combination.
Katie? I asked if you had a sample menu.
She shook her head, pulled out a sheet and handed it over. The breakfast menu is small, as you can see.
Ric scanned the menu but Katie continued, amazed hed even asked to see one. Egg-white omelets, low-fat muffins, multi-grain pancakes, oatmeal, cereals, fruit, Greek yogurt. Id expect most of the morning traffic to be the coffee crowd, so wed stock mostly muffins, tea and coffee. Our biggest rush would be at lunch. As you can see, wed have two hot specials each dayfor example, a vegetarian lasagna and perhaps chicken stir-fry with brown rice, that sort of thing.
He kept staring at the sheet and her stomach tumbled. Desperate to convince him, she plowed on. The sandwiches and wraps would be custom-made and served with a side of either one of three salads or a soup. Soup and a whole grain bun will also be a staple of the menu, as well as meal-sized salads. The nice thing about the sandwiches is that they are hot. Grilled chicken and mushroom. Lean steak and peppers. Roasted vegetables, for example. All may be made on a choice of whole-grain bread, wraps or pitas. No fried food of any sort. The dessert menu is also small. Fruit cup with dip. Fat-free chocolate cake with frozen yogurt. Im still looking for dessert ideas. She looked up again, surprised his eyes hadnt glazed over.
And dinner hour? Or does your plan include being closed over dinner?
The lunch selections will be available, but in addition well have a handful of dinner entrees. Grilled chicken breast, brown rice or baked sweet potato and steamed vegetables, salmon, sole, grass-fed beef. Marinara sauce with whole-wheat or gluten-free pasta. Fajitas. Depending on response we could, and should, adjust the menu accordingly. Katie took a breath as she finished.
He put down the menu and she got the sinking feeling she was going about this all wrong. Business plan, business plan, she chanted in her mind.
Look, menus aside, the most important thing to realize is that there is a real hole in the market for this type of establishment. One of the biggest markets today is weight lossfood, programs, books, you name it. Come out with an eating establishment that carries great tasting food, healthy ingredients and the flexibility to fit it to a specific plan, and youve got a winner.
And who would do the cooking?
She paused, expecting some surprise at the least and, most likely, strict resistance. Me.
You?
Yes. Ive worked in the food service industry for several years. She made it sound more than it was and felt a little niggle of guilt over fudging the details.
She should have known hed persist. He quirked an eyebrow and she felt as if he saw right through that statement. Youve studied?
N-no, she stammered, not exactly. Ive, well, Ive worked in several restaurants, either serving or in the kitchen.
He chuckled, leaning back in his chair. Let me get this straight. Youve got no money, no business experience, no chefs diploma to hang on the wall. Youve got an idea. Thats all. Does that sound like a strong investment to you?
Absolutely not, she admitted. But what I do have is a strong desire to do this and Im not afraid of hard work. Im also not scared to learn.
First of all, tell me why this is important to you. He leaned forward, elbows on his knees, waiting for her answer.
The question threw her. Not once in the meetings shed held with bankers had they asked that particular question. They had only seen the bottom linefacts and figures. Shed faced the inquisition about work experience, and the answer had always been a resounding no. But Ric wanted to know the why?
What do you mean?
I mean, why now, and why a restaurant? Why this particular kind of restaurant?
She thought about her answer for a moment before answering. Ive worked in food service for a long time, but one thing always stuck with me. No real thought was put into nutritional content. The ingredients were always full of fat or made with white flour, deep fried or cooked in oil. When Dad had his heart attack, Mom and I started looking at healthier foods.
She leaned forward a bit, resting her hands on the edge of his desk. You know my dad, Ric. Larger than life and going great guns. Seeing him lying in a hospital bed, frail and greyit broke my heart. He came home with strict orders for a better diet and more physical activity. I was still living at home and Mom and I did some experimenting. She lost twenty pounds and Dads color came back. The more I looked into it, I discovered there was a market for fast, healthy, economical food. Thats when I realized it was something I could do.
Do you realize how many entrepreneurs start businesses only to have them fail in the first two years?
The number fluctuates, but my research says around sixty percent. And for the food service industry, its even higher.
Richard crossed his legs. And you still want to go through with it?
Ill never know unless I try. Looking into his face, she would swear she saw a glimmer of admiration.
Do you know what causes businesses to fail? Bad management. Poor marketing, location. Inadequate financing.
Katie put down the portfolio and started to feel defensive. She wasnt stupid, and she didnt like when people made her feel that way. She knew she could do this. Shed believed him when hed said hed be rich one day, and she could make it too.
I know all that. But I believe in the idea and in myself. Ive even found a space to lease. A little tea room off of Third Street. Tell me, Ric, how many people told you youd fail when you started ELDC?
Plenty. For the first time, he smiled. And I listened to every single one and learned from it.
He rose from his chair and wandered the office for a few moments. Katie forced herself to remain calm and seated. Finally, he spoke.
If I were to finance you, theres still one sticking point for me. Youll never keep customers with poor quality. I think you should reconsider doing the cooking yourself and hire a professional.
It would be foolish to spend the money on a cooks wages when I can do it myself. Ill already have to hire someone part-time anyway, because I dont plan to be there seven days a week and take care of the business end. A thought dawned on her and she ran with it. Ill make you a deal. You pick a meal from this menu. Ill cook it for you tomorrow night. If you have any doubts about my cooking after that, Ill concede to hiring a chef.
If you pass, Ill name my terms.
Katies heart leaped. My God, he was actually considering backing her. All she had to do was cook him a fabulous, healthy meal. She forced herself to sit still while her body vibrated with hope.
He sat back in the blue chair again, retrieved the menu. After a few moments perusing it, he chose. Chicken fettuccine, with spinach salad and the chocolate cake.
Its a deal. Hastily, she took a note pad out of the portfolio and scribbled down her address. Heres my address, show up at six. I guarantee you wont regret it, and we can iron out the details over dinner.
Richard looked down at the address. Youre very sure of yourself.
She stood, hoping her wobbly knees werent obvious. She was glad he thought she was confident, because she felt anything but.
Yes, I am.
Then Ill see you tomorrow evening.
He stood and held out his hand, and she was acutely aware of how much hed grown since high school. Even though she wore heels, he topped her by a good four inches. For a moment, she panicked. She felt like a teenager again, off-balance and insecure.
There was no way she could wipe her palm on her skirt now, and she hoped it wasnt damp when she clasped his. His fingers closed around hers firmly and her body was electrified by the simple touch.
Goodbye, Katie.
Um, yes. Goodbye, Richard.
She withdrew her hand, hurriedly retrieved her case and scuttled out the door, shutting it behind her.
In the elevator, she leaned back against the wall and took a few calming breaths. For the first time in several weeks, she felt hope. Hope that shed actually get this venture off the ground.
Katie smiled widely at her reflection in the mirrored elevator wall. He hadnt said no. Now she was going to cook him a meal that would knock his socks off.
Chapter Two

Katie whisked the sauce viciously, making sure not one molecule of the milk stuck to the bottom of the saucepan. Ten minutes. Ten minutes was all she had left to make sure this was the perfect meal. The water was heating for pasta, the salads were prepared and in the fridge waiting for dressing, the cake was in a domed dish on the counter and frozen yogurt was in the freezer. If everything was under control, why was she such a quivering mass of anxiety? It didnt help that she couldnt stop remembering how hed looked yesterday or the fact that, as they shook hands, shed noticed he wasnt wearing a wedding ring. Was there a girlfriend? Someone as rich and good-looking as Ric wouldnt be single for long.
At five to six, the buzzer sounded. Wiping her hands on her apron, she took a breath and pressed the switch for the security system. Richard? His name came out trembly with nerves she prayed werent evident over the scratchy intercom.
Yes.
She cleared her throat. Come on up.
She released the button, smoothed her hair and opened the door when she heard his steps on the stairs. She hoped she looked all right. Shed deliberately chosen a long floral skirt with a black background and a snug black cotton sweater, leaving her arms bare. Over it all was a plain white cobbler apron. It had been a tough choice, dressing down or dressing for business. In the end, shed gone middle of the road. The skirt was flowing and feminine, the colors businesslike, and the fit of the sweater flattered her figure.
Come in, she offered politely, and as he filled the doorway, she became acutely aware of how heart-stoppingly gorgeous hed become. His jaw shone from a fresh shaving and his hair was precisely styled with a touch of gel. Yesterday, hed been wearing the standard business suit, all dark colors and conservative stripes. But tonight, hed shown up in jeans, casual shoes and a long-sleeved tan T-shirt. She knew clothes. It might be casual, but it wasnt bargain basement, and the effect momentarily made her catch her breath.
He stepped inside and looked around the tiny entry. Following his gaze, she realized how very plain her apartment was. By all accounts, Richard was a millionaire. He probably had a fancy house with expensive designer furnishings. Katie, by contrast, had generic beige carpeting, a galley kitchen, a bedroom, office and a bathroom. The dining room was part of the living room, and the furniture throughout was all secondhand, either cast-offs from her parents or from flea markets. It was so unglamorous it wasnt even funny.
Dinners almost ready. Make yourself comfortable, Ive got a few things to finish up.
Returning to the kitchen, she exhaled as she slid fettuccini noodles into boiling water and continued whisking the sauce. Keeping her hands busy was the only way she was going to maintain her tentative grip on control.
Suddenly, she realized she hadnt even offered him a drink. Trying to keep things casual, she called into the living room, Can I get you something cool?
Do you have a beer?
She stirred the pasta gently. Afraid not. But I have iced tea.
Thatll do, he replied, and she took a pitcher from the fridge. When she turned back, he was standing in the doorway to the kitchen, watching her curiously. The handle of the pitcher grew slick in her hand. He looked entirely too hunky as he filled the small entry to her working space, and she had to remind herself this was business and not a first date. No matter how much it felt like one.
Can I help?
Katie felt her pride pricked. This was her deal, and she had to show him she was capable. Snagging a tall glass from the cupboard, she poured his tea and added a slice of fresh lemon to the top. No, thanks. Its all under control.
She handed him the glass of iced tea, the ice cubes tinkling. As he took it, their fingers touched, creating a great sense of discomfort borne of awkwardness and attraction. Her insides curled at the brush of his warm hand against hers, and automatically her gaze shot to his. What she saw there was not simple at allit was magnetic. This was feeling more and more like a first date and not a test, and she simply had to ignore the powerful current that arced between them every time they connected.
Which was easier said than done as his eyes delved into hers for a moment and she noticed how extraordinarily long his eyelashes were. The hiss of water boiling over sounded behind her and she jumped.
Hastily grabbing the pot, she put it on a back burner, switching on the heat and turning the front one off. She grabbed the whisk again and stirred frantically, concentrating on the creamy sauce. Forget bedroom eyes and focus on the task, she chided herself, becoming annoyed.
Youre distracting me, she complained.
Sorry, he murmured before disappearing again, the ice rattling in his glass as he retreated.
Oh, for Petes sake, she thought, placing a hand on her belly to calm the nerves centered there. She was getting all silly over Richard Emerson. The guy whod actually taped his glasses together in high school. Whod been a member of the Math Club, the poster boy for anti-acne cream. The nerd who was now a gorgeous millionaire considering backing her business venture. Her stomach began its fluttering again.
She picked up a glass bottle and shook it vigorously, at the same time removing individual salads from the fridge. Taking them to the table, she invited him to sit. He stood, staring out her patio doors at the trees at the back of the building.
You can start on your salad, she said quietly. The rest will be out shortly.
Ill wait for you, he answered.
Without looking at him, she murmured, Suit yourself. It shouldnt be long.
In the kitchen, she drained the pasta. If he said yesno, when he said yesto the financing, shed truly begin with her plans. Renting the space and outfitting it with the equipment shed require. Decorating it with friendly, welcoming touches. Perhaps some potted plants, cheerful linens. Relaxing, yet generating optimism. Yes, that was it.
She fixed plates and her plans halted mid-thought. She was getting ahead of herself again. First, she had to convince Richard. If things were this strained and awkward, how were they going to get through dinner? Theyd have to work out terms, and not for one minute did Katie think Richard would be a pushover. Thankfully, once her financing was in place, the only contact she would have with him would be making repayments on her loan. He had to say yes.
She added fresh parmesan to the sauce, tossed the chicken in with the pasta and mixed it all together. She scooped servings on to plain plates, added a sprinkle of fresh parsley and served him. Only then did she take her own seat.
He swirled pasta on his fork, tasted. She perched on the edge of her chair, waiting for his verdict, wondering if shed forgotten anything in the sauce, or if the pasta was too well done
Its good.
She hid all her relief and confidently replied, Of course.
Chewing, he laughed a little. Dont give me that affronted stare. You look like youre about to suck your lips into the back of your head.
She huffed, realizing her lips had been pursed tightly. I can cook. Of that Im sure.
He took another bite and she watched in amazement as he closed his eyes as he chewed. Her gaze was drawn to the motion of his jaw and how strong and sure it seemed.
He swallowed and then took a sip of his iced tea, and she stared at his Adams apple bobbing.
What makes this healthier than what Im going to get in the average eatery?
Relieved hed kept the topic to business, she attempted a smile. Well, for starters, the pasta is whole wheat. Youve got lean, skinless chicken for protein and the sauce is made from all reduced-fat or fat-free dairy products.
Id expect it to be thinner, less rich.
Secret ingredient. She smiled then, a little more relaxed. Leaning back in her chair, she let waves of relief guide her away from her building attraction and back to the task at hand. I could tell you but Id have to kill you.
He chuckled again and picked up the bottle of salad dressing, giving it a little shake and pulling out the stopper. And this is homemade too?
Yes. Olive oil, balsamic vinegar, garlic, a few herbs. Very clean.
He poured it on his greens and speared a spinach leaf and white mushroom. She relaxed further. She had full confidence in her dressing. It would stand on its own anywhere, and she wasnt surprised when he admitted, Delicious.
The salads well make up fresh midmorning, and I wont make all my own dressings. Some well source locally. The fettuccine is one example of our hot selection available daily. Ive tried it with multigrain pasta but didnt like it quite as much. Well have a gluten-free option as well.
Hmm, he murmured and helped himself to a tender piece of chicken. For a moment, he was quiet, but he traced a pattern on the oak finish of the table with his fingers. I recognize this, dont I? Didnt it used to be in your moms kitchen?
Oh dear, hed noticed. How many other pieces of her furniture would he remember? The sofa? Perhaps the cherry end tables that didnt seem to match? Would he think she was pathetic, unable to provide her own furniture for herself? She refused to meet his eyes as something akin to shame washed through her. So much for success. She wasnt one, and he wasin spades. Ten years ago, shed considered herself superior, but they had certainly reversed positions.
Um, yeah. When she redecorated, she gave it to me.
When she braved a look up, he smiled gently, devoid of censure. He sensed her discomfort, she was certain. Yet his only response was kind and put her at ease, deliberately, she thought. It was more magnanimous than shed expected, considering how shed treated him in the past.
I always liked this set, he remarked. Arent you going to eat? He gestured towards her plate with his fork.
She laughed, the sound breathy. I dont know if I can. Im too nervous.
Eat. Well discuss figures later.
Really?
He chuckled at her incredulous tone. Really. As long as dessert is as good as the entre, we can work something out.
She scooped up pasta, grinning from ear to ear. Oh, wow. This was actually going to happen. When everyone had said nay, Richard was saying yes. He would finance it, take a chance on her. Everything shed worked for, wanted, was going to become reality. The notion was dizzying.
On the back of her elation came heavy, crippling fear. Now that opening her restaurant was becoming a real possibility, she felt fear of failure overwhelm her in sweeping waves. The Alfredo curdled in her mouth and she put down her fork.
Are you okay? Concerned, Richard put down his own fork and leaned over, worry clouding his eyes. Katie? What is it?
Pushing her plate aside, she lowered her forehead on to her hands, trying to regulate her shallow breathing. Im sorry, she mumbled. Its justI dont knowoh, this is ridiculous.
Its terrifying, isnt it?
She took three deep, calming breaths and looked up. His face had softened and his understanding eyes seemed to invite her to talk. She folded her napkin in triangles over and over again as she admitted, Oh Richard, it is. After months and months of being turned away, knowing that its realI dont want to screw this up. Oh, thats the wrong thing to say to your investor, isnt it? Chagrined, she lowered her head again. Im such an idiot.
To her surprise, he laughed, and the sound sent warm, calming waves over her.
First of all, youre not an idiot. Dont say that.
That was a surprising boon to her confidence. Considering the reaction shed been receiving from several corners lately, it almost made her want to cry to have someone believe in her.
Its a perfectly natural reaction, he continued. I know exactly what you mean. I made my first land deal and spent the next twenty minutes in the bathroom throwing up. Dont sweat it.
She lowered her hands and stared. You did what?
It made me completely sick to my stomach. He reached over and laid a reassuring hand on her arm, and she felt the tingles clear up to her shoulder. Its okay, Katie. What scares you most? He invited her to confide with a small smile of reassurance.
Business, she replied, not missing a beat. She envisioned a desk piled with papers needing signatures. She could easily imagine forgetting something and then being without ingredients or permits or worse, getting shut down. Panic churned through her again. Permits, suppliers, insurance, accounting. I just scraped by in accounting in high school.
I never knew you took any business courses. He continued eating and it relaxed her, knowing he was carrying on normally.
She sipped her iced tea and cautiously found her stomach agreed it was okay. I took typing, a few other courses. I knew I wasnt college material.
His eyes narrowed curiously. What makes you say that?
I was never smart enough.
He nodded, and she was a little hurt he didnt contradict her.
Anyway, its all the legalities that have me frightened. If I could simply snap my fingers and have everything set up, ready to walk into, Id be happy.
He pushed back his plate and she was surprised to see it empty. Shed hardly tasted her own, but that was all right. Shed eat later, once she settled down.
Ill get your dessert, she said, rising from her chair.
It can wait until you eat, he offered politely.
Ill eat later. When I regain my equilibrium. She disappeared into the kitchen.
She returned with a generous helping of chocolate cake and vanilla frozen yogurt. Did you want coffee or tea? I have both.
How about coffee, but in a while. Weve got a lot of ground to cover. I have a proposition for you. He dug into the cake, tried a morsel and closed his eyes. Wow.
Its fat free.
Youre kidding.
Not an egg or speck of butter in sight.
Its fantastic. He scooped up more, complete with yogurt.
She forced herself to sit still. A proposition? What on earth did he mean? She was on tenterhooks here and he was infuriatingly slow, calmly eating chocolate cake as if her future werent in the balance. Her knee began to bob impatiently under the table and she began folding squares with the napkin this time.
She forced herself to drink some iced tea. When she couldnt stand it anymore, she prodded, What sort of proposition do you have in mind, Richard?
He made her wait until hed finished his cake, and she wondered if hed lick every smear of chocolate and vanilla clean before continuing. It was maddening. In fact, his whole systematic, orderly calm was driving her crazy. She wanted to charge in and get going.
First of all, he said, call me Ric. You used to in high school and my friends do now.
That almost sounded like a backward invitation to friendship. What she wanted was business backing so she could move forward. Friends were nice to have, but friends with Ric? She wasnt sure that was a good idea. For one, it probably wasnt a good idea to be friends with someone who was willing to lend you thousands of dollars. Business made for bad bedfellows, a fact of which she was already painfully aware. She wasnt sure being friends was a very good idea in any case. The way Ric looked nowthe confidence he showed, his intelligenceshe would be in serious danger of developing a crush. And that wouldnt be good for either one of them.
But the fact that hed equated her to a friend, despite how shed humiliated him in the past, gently touched her.
Okay, Ric, she amended, her voice softer than shed intended. She cleared her throat. And second of all?
Put on the coffee.
She looked into his eyes. They were deep chocolate-brown and intelligent. They always had been. But there was something different now, after all these years. Something more potent. He gazed back at her evenly, and she knew instinctively that whatever was coming she wasnt going to find pleasant and he was using coffee as a distraction. Her gaze dropped to his lips and she found that by simply sitting here, he was already distracting her plenty.
Regular or decaf? she whispered, and to her embarrassment, he smiled. It was like someone flicked on a halogen lamp, flooding the room with light.
Regulars fine, he answered, and she hurried to the kitchen again to make it.
She poured the water into the coffee maker, her mind whirling. It was all happening so fast, which seemed strange considering shed been working towards it for months. The fact that Ric was willing to loan her the money to start up the restaurant seemed too good to be true. And the fact that hed turned from an ugly duckling into a definitive, if dark, swan made her heart thunder ridiculously. She wasnt about to go there again. As the coffeemaker sputtered and spit the brew into the carafe, she filled a sugar bowl and milk pitcher. When she turned the corner to place it on the table, she stopped cold.
Ric leaned over the table, stacking dishes. He placed his beneath hers, tidying, and his jeans stretched taut over a nicely filled out backside. The jeans obviously werent new, she realized, because her gaze was instantly drawn to a worn rectangle on the right cheek where his wallet lay.
Great. Just when shed determined to keep things cool and businesslike, something else about him jumped up and made her take notice. Her mouth went dry and she stood dumb as he turned around and caught her staring.
The dishes sat in his hands, but his cheeks flushed brilliant red.
She broke the silence awkwardly. Um, cream and sugar. Putting them down, she took the dishes from his hands. Thanks. Ill bring your coffee in a minute.
Putting the dishes on the counter, she pressed her palms to her face. Hot. For pitys sake, this was getting downright silly. Her hands began to sweat as she took thick blue mugs from the cupboard. This was a business dinner. She had to quit acting like a schoolgirl, blushing and stammering. She wiped her hands on her skirt and then poured the coffee into the mugs and returned to the living room.
Ric sat on the sofa, an ankle crossed over a knee. She winced inwardly. He was sitting on the right side, which was the one with the wonky spring. If it werent sticking in his butt right now, shed be a monkeys uncle. But he said nothing as she handed him the mug. Hed moved the cream and sugar to the oak-veneer coffee table and, showing a level of comfort she envied, picked up a spoon and fixed his brew the way he preferred.
She followed his lead, sat back on the opposite side of the couch, and silence fell, full and awkward.
After a few minutes that seemed to Katie to take forever, he spoke. About my proposition, he began, and Katie half turned so she could see his face.
Ill put up the money for start-up. Rent, equipment, supplies, permits, whatevers required.
What are your terms? Thankfully, interest rates at the moment were reasonable, and Katie sucked in a breath. How about prime plus one percent?
Thats not acceptable.
Katie put down her coffee and folded her hands in her lap. Shed lowballed him on purpose. Okay. Whats your idea of a fair repayment plan?
He took a nonchalant sip, and countered, No repayment plan.
I beg your pardon? He couldnt possibly mean he was giving her the money. Thousands of dollars. People didnt just give that away. Confused, she lifted her chin and saw his lips set grimly.
What Im proposing, Katie, is a partnership.
Chapter Three

Her heart fell. No, no, no! This was not what she wanted. Turning away, she remarkably kept a tight rein on her emotions. The control of the business must remain with her, and she had to keep her distance from Ric as well. He was too alluring by far. Commanding her iciest tone, she replied, Im sorry, but those terms are not acceptable to me.
What?
His mug hit the table and she winced.
Katie, be reasonable. Youve never run a business before. I can help. I can deal with all those pesky business chores youre worried about. I can take care of those things so you can run the restaurant.
She rose from the sofa and paced to the balcony doors. She looked out, tears of frustration burning against her eyelids, further fuelling her anger. Why, oh why, would no one believe she could do this? Not only the bankers, but her own family merely smiled indulgently at her. Even her dad had reluctantly said, If youre not ready to give up on this yet, go see Richard Emerson. He might just be crazy enough to back you.
They meant well, she was sure. But faith in her? None. She blinked back the tears and steeled her backbone. She could not show Ric how emotional she was. It would only serve to reinforce the opinion he must have of hera dilettante. He hadnt seen her for ten years. How was he to know shed changed? It was up to her to show him.
If I wanted to be a restaurant manager, Id get a job as one. No deal.
He sighed, holding out his hands as she turned to face him. Youre not looking at this rationally. I know about starting a business. I can save you a lot of headache.
And what exactly would that prove? Katie sighed. She needed to show everyone, hell, show even herself, that she was a grown up. She could stand on her own two feet. She didnt want to go through life holding someones hand for safety.
Maybe I dont want to be saved. Did you think of that? She stepped towards him and all her control dissolved as she stared into his incredulous face. I didnt come to your office looking for a business partner. I came looking for a loan. One I intend to repay on reasonable terms. Not this. Her arm swept wide in a curt gesture.
His brow furrowed with confusion. Why not? I dont understand. Its a good offer. A beneficial one.
His voice was calmly rational and it only served to infuriate her more. Of course he would think she couldnt do it on her own. That seemed to be the general consensus among her family and friends. She ran a hand over her hair in exasperation. She couldnt blame them. Sometimes she felt that way herself.
Shed look in the mirror and still see the girl labeled The Girl Most Likely toHave Fun. Shed been given that distinction in twelfth grade and it had stuck. General consensus in the halls was that she wasnt smart enough for greatness, but if you wanted to party, if you wanted to kick back and relax without worrying about the future, Katie was your girl.
Shed earned the label, she admitted. Shed been a bit of a party girl, more concerned with clothes and hair and boys than studying. But shed outgrown it. For the few years after high school, her lack of direction had kept her in dead-end jobs with no bright prospects for the future. It wasnt long before she realized the good times hadnt been worth it. After a couple of years working as a supervisor in a local eatery, shed known how restaurants worked, and not only the service end. Shed watched and listened and learned. Shed stopped partying and bought a computer, using spare time to do research and put together a business plan. This was how she wanted to redeem herself, but it seemed like everywhere she turned, roadblocks popped up. And she was getting damned tired of taking detours. She had realized something surprising during the initial concept and planning of the restaurant. She was smart. And she was stronger than most gave her credit for.
Each time a roadblock had been thrown in her way, shed found a way around it. Now, when it was so close she could see the open sign, Ric threw up the one block she wasnt sure she could outmaneuver. She had to do this on her own. It was the only way to validate herself.
No one else seemed to realize it though, and she could clearly see Ric concurred that this project was beyond her capabilities.
Why do you want to do this, Ric? She fisted her hands on her hips. I mean, you have your own business now. What could possibly entice you to go into partnership with me? You remember what it said under my yearbook picture, dont you? Most likely to have fun?
She remembered the look of hurt betrayal shed seen on his face when shed turned him down for the prom. Shed actually said, You cant be serious! to him. Immediately, shed regretted the words, but the girls had been standing not ten feet away, listening to every word. If she hadnt forgotten that terrible moment, he hadnt either. He sat rigidly on the sofa, saying nothing, and it only added to her vitriol.
Frustration bubbled out as she implored him with her hands. What is it? You want to show me how superior you are now? A little revenge for previous humiliations?
His mouth fell open and a line of guilt snuck along her spine, but she was too caught up in her own emotions to stop. Youre not alone in thinking I cant do this. Apparently, everyone on the face of the planet agrees with you.
I never said that. He stood now too and faced her. He pressed his lips together into a thin line of annoyance. His shoulders were stiff and he rested his hands on his hips. You havent even heard me out. This isnt personal. It makes good business sense.
Now, apparently, she didnt have business sense either. Ive heard enough. She squared off against him, feeling small next to his six-foot frame. The little voice in her head that said she wasnt good enough for anything more was now shouting. No one, not even her own family, believed in her. They patted her on the head and loved her dearly, but they didnt believe her when she said she could take this dream and run with it, make it a reality.
This restaurant will be mine, and mine alone. Ill do the work and Ill damn well take the credit. Whoever is smart enough to back me will get their money back along with a reasonable rate of interest for their trouble. But I will not hand the reins over to someone who thinks they know better than I do. She caught her breath, lowering her tone. Now, if youre done, Ill ask you to leave.
Her stomach lurched as she heard the words come out of her mouth much stronger than she felt them. She was letting the one chance she had go. But the last thing she wanted was a partner taking over, which was exactly what would happen. Hed be around a lot. Too much. Before they knew it, hed be running everything and shed be following, rather than leading.
And she knew herself well enough to know that to put Ric Emerson in close proximity for any length of time, shed screw that up too. Shed let it become personal and lose her perspectivesomething she couldnt afford to do. Shed hurt him once before and wouldnt do it again.
His face dropped into a mask of incredulity and he stepped back, shoving his hands into his pockets. Youre kicking me out?
You bet your sweet checkbook.
Two distinct lines of disapproval wrinkled between his brows as silence settled, heavy and uncomfortable. I see, he said quietly. Well, good luck finding a backer, Katie. Youre going to need it.
She didnt miss the arrogant note in his voice. As he shut the door behind him, she had the sinking feeling shed just ruined everything.
She sank to the couch, her head in her hands. Shed let her temper get the better of her again, but she was sofrustrated. Tears stung her eyes. She should have known it was a mistake to go to Richard Emerson for help. She should have foreseen hed be changed. She should have been prepared for attraction, especially after all the undercurrents that had shimmered between them yesterday. She should have been armed with a better argument against partnership.
Instead, shed lost her cool and had sent him and his money packing. Would she ever learn how to handle him? And could she possibly find a way to salvage everything?

Shed be back.
Rick closed his garage door and turned off the car. Hed give her three days. Three days and shed be knocking at his office door, asking him to reconsider lending her the money. Even now, he bet she was going through the tortures of hell, wondering how she could get the business off the ground now that her best chance had walked out the door. Still, the evening hadnt been a waste. Not at all. Hed had a delicious meal, and seeing Katie all fired up with righteous indignationhis eyes crinkled at the corners and he laughed a little as he got out of his car and made his way to the door. Her blue eyes had shot fire and her cheeks had turned the most adorable shade of pink. It would almost be worth getting her angry more often to see those sparks. She was more beautiful now than shed been at seventeen. Her hair was the same honey blonde, but shed gone from cheerleader-cute to beautiful in the intervening years. Her body was curved in all the right places, he thought, as he recalled the fitted suit shed worn yesterday. And shed learned a thing or two about makeup application.
He turned the key in the lock, stepped into his northwest home and pressed his security code into the alarm system. With a plaintive meow, Gilligan emerged from the den and curled his fluffy black tail around Rics legs.
Hey, boy, he crooned, stroking his hand down the cats silky fur. Hungry?
The cat meowed again. Ric headed for the kitchen first and filled Gilligans bowl with cat food. The sound of the cat eating echoed through the large kitchen and Ric felt, as he frequently did, lonely. Most people thought Gilligans name cute and funny. Only Ric knew hed named the cat that because most of the time he felt like he was alone on an island.
This house was simply too big for a bachelor, but hed loved it the moment he saw it anyway. Situated on the northwest edge of Calgary, he had a mountain view and twenty-five-hundred square feet to himself. Warm mornings, he had his coffee on the deck and watched deer and rabbits forage for food. Cool evenings, he put on a fire in the gas fireplace and worked on whatever hed brought home from the office.
But much of the time, he seemed to rattle about in it himself. Hed only been here a week when hed gone to the SPCA to get a companion. Dogs were too fussy. He wanted a pet with attitude and independence. Gilligan had stared at him through the cage and then turned away as if saying, Adopt me or dont. Whatever. Ric had, and at least someone was waiting at home for him now.
He took a beer from the fridge, popped the top and headed out to the deck.
Katied hardly changed since high school, he thought, shaking his head and taking a long drink. Her smile was still magnetic and her voice silky-soft with just a hint of spicy sass. Her refusal of him tonight definitely held echoes of that day ten years ago.
He leaned against the wooden railing and gazed at the sun sliding below the mountains, shadowing the soft remnants of snow barely covering the bowls and peaks. He sighed. He hadnt been good enough for her then. And shed clearly told him he wasnt good enough now. The thought of working with him had caused such a violent reaction in her he couldnt help being offended. Hed changed, made sure of it. Hed used his brains and determination to transform his body and build a successful company. In his heart, he knew a large part of it had been about wanting to show her what shed turned away. The fact she didnt seem any more interested now than she had then made him wonder why hed done it at all. And yethe couldnt be sorry. Even without her, he was proud and happy with the changes hed made to his life.
He took another long drink of the locally made brew. He still heard her voice, all those years ago. You cant be serious, shed said, and before she even laughed, hed heard the snickers of her girlfriends around the corner of the locker. After the brunch the weekend before, hed thought hed stood a chance, but shed cleared that little misconception up in a hurry. The way shed looked down her nose at himhed felt angry, not with her, but with himself, hating his skinny arms and legs and the cowlick that had permanently marred his hair. Hed hated his thick glasses and button-down shirts. In that moment, hed never felt lower, and he had spent years rebuilding himself, vowing never to give anyone that power again.
Then, yesterday, shed shown up at his office and hed been absurdly pleased she could see for herself that hed become the success hed vowed he would. Hed felt momentarily proud of what hed achieved, yet left wanting something more. He wanted Katie to see him for who he was. Not the boy hed been and the man hed become, but why and how hed done it.
Looking down over the yard and into the gulley below, he watched a coyote skim stealthily through the grass. Shed come to him asking for money. The land development business wasnt as exciting as it had once been, and he needed a change. He thought perhaps working together would be fun, now that theyd grown up. It would give him a chance to show her who Ric Emerson truly was.
But clearly she wasnt interested in that. He gave a derisive snort, aimed more at himself than anyone else. Hed deluded himself into thinking shed be happy at the chance. How silly. She wanted his money. That was all, and the truth of it stung.
Her business plan was good sense, however, so hed give her the money at a reasonable rate of interest. The girl who had listened to his dreams in math class and who had been nice to him at family functions deserved that much. Shed sat with him at brunches and dinners and hadnt acted like it was a chore. In senior year, shed convinced him to enter a young-entrepreneur competition, and hed won an internship at a prestigious land-development company. After that summer, hed known what hed wanted to do. He wouldnt be where he was today if it hadnt been for her gentle encouragement.
Because he owed her that much, hed make a few phone calls, make sure she got things going smoothly without knowing he had a hand in it. He had an investment to protect, after all, and if she went bankrupt, hed be out the money. And it would give him a chance to keep tabs on her anyway, under the guise of a concerned investor. Now that theyd made contact again, he wasnt prepared to just let her disappear as she once had.
His cell phone vibrated against his side, and he checked the number. He answered and, cradling the phone against his ear, went back inside to discuss ELDCs latest acquisition deal.

She only took two days to reconsider, and for the second time in a week, Katie stood nervously in his office.
He looked down at her. Shed worn slacks today, black ones, with black strappy sandals that made her legs long and slim. Her toenails were painted a pretty soft pink. Her hands were unadorned, but she wore a dainty pink and silver bracelet on her right arm, the color matching her soft sweater perfectly. To anyone else, she was dressed appropriately, but Ric was stunned by her femininity, her simple beauty.
He wished he could disassociate that part of her from business, but he couldnt. Hed always had a thing for Katie, even when shed rejected him publicly. The sick feeling returned to the pit of his stomach, an automatic response when he met with failure. He willed it away, focusing on the reason for their meeting. Hed rather forget about that day altogether and get on with things. With the future.
He preferred to leave the emotional outburst from the other night in the past, too. It wouldnt serve either one of them to get wound up now. It would only breed more misunderstandings and hurt feelings. This had to stay all about business as far as Ric was concerned.
Have a seat, he offered with a small, intimate smile. Would you like some coffee? Tea?
She slid into the blue chair and put her purse beside it, her eyes watching him nervously as if trying to figure out what he was thinking. Coffee, I guess. Milk and sugar.
He called out to his assistant and shuffled over the papers on his desk until he found the file he was looking for. The assistant brought in a plain tray carrying two cups of coffee and placed it on the table between the blue chairs.
This is very nice, Katie began, her voice shaking a little as the assistant shut the door behind her. But Im actually here toum
Yes? he prompted, lifting his eyebrows hopefully. It wasnt going to be easy to keep things impersonal. He had papers in his hand, ones about lending her capital. But he found he wanted to hear what she had to say first. He picked up his mug and took a long sip, shuttering away any feelings, hiding any hope he had that she might change her mind.
She sighed loudly, turning her mug around and around in her hands. Oh dammit, Ric, I came to grovel. To tell you Im sorry for jumping all over you the other night. I have no excuse for my behavior. Ive reconsidered your offer. The words came out in a rush, like she wanted to get it over with.
Very quietly, his back to her, he put the file back on the desk and closed his eyes with relief. She was working her way up to signing the deal. Inexplicably, his heart leapt. The urge to keep her close, not to lose touch again was strong, but he was certain that if she knew the direction of his thoughts, shed run completely in the other direction. Opening his eyes, he found himself staring at a tiny gold toe ring on her right foot. It was a very pretty toe, precisely painted with a tiny pink jewel set in the middle.
In many ways, she hadnt changed since high school. Her favorite color had been pink back then too, and shed painted her toes in chemistry class senior year, making him roll his eyes. Her resulting low laugh had affected him in every way expected of a seventeen-year-old boy. She still held that power, with no more than a toe jewel.
He swallowed, turned, and answered, Im glad.
You are?
He smiled, genuinely. I didnt like how we left things.
She crossed her legs and picked up her coffee, then put it down again. Me either. Folding her hands together, she twisted her fingers. Ric noticed, touched she was nervous. He thought perhaps she was feeling now as he had when hed asked her to the prom. Vulnerable and anxious.
Umis the offer still open?
Are you sure you want it to be?
Id be willing to discuss the possibility of a partnership with you, she said, her voice clear but with a slight wobble. I hope I didnt burn any bridges the other night.
His tone was strong and carried a bit of censure as he replied. You kicked me and my checkbook out, as I recall.
He wasnt letting her off easily.
I know. Im afraid I feel very strongly about this. I let my emotions get the better of me andand that was wrong.
He sat in the chair opposite her. Youve reconsidered.
Y-yes, if its not too late, she answered, twisting her fingers again.
And youre willing to have me as a business partner.
After a pause, her words came clearly. Business, yes.
His gaze met hers sharply. Well. That was definitive. Business only. He should be relieved, he supposed.
Youve been very honest about this being only about the money.
To his surprise, she dropped her eyes and blushed again.
Its nothing to be ashamed of, he continued, his voice matter-of-fact. Itll make working together much easier than having a lot of atmosphere between us.
When she looked up again, he kept his expression completely neutral. Her face, however, was a contradiction. Her lips were firm and decisive, yet her eyes were evasive, not quite meeting his, and her cheeks held a flush that suggested some internal discomfort. Patiently, he waited for what she wanted to say.
I want you to understand something, Ric. That day when you asked me to the prom, I
He lifted a hand, silencing her. This wasnt what hed expected, nor what he wanted to talk about. It was ten years ago, Katie. We dont have to discuss it.
Her chin flattened at his abrupt interruption. Are you sure?
Oh yeah, he was sure. Really sure he didnt want to dredge up embarrassments and hurt feelings that had happened a decade in the past. Hed worked very hard to change his image to look like the successful, confident businessman. And for the most part, it worked. But inside, he was still a math geek who had once thought he might have a chance with Katie Buick. He wasnt going to put himself out there again.
Yeah, Im sure.
A long pause filled the room.
Then why, Ric? Why do you want to be a partner if it doesnt have anything to do with me?
He crossed his ankles, ran a finger over his bottom lip. You see this office? This is my kingdom. I love what Ive built, but sometimes I feeltrapped? Like I need a change. Something different to inspire me. A new project to sink my teeth into.
Im surprised.
Even millionaires get bored.
She smiled at that. I wouldnt know, she replied warmly, and they both relaxed considerably.
You know about how a restaurant works. I know about business. We can each play to our strengths and itll stand a much better chance of success.
Which guarantees your investment.
Precisely.
But I need to learn about the business part, too. I dont want to have to rely on you. No offense.
None taken. He sank back into his chair. It would definitely be better if you learned the ropes. I do have an empire to run.
She snorted, let out a little giggle. My, my. A sense of humor. Id forgotten about that.
As they smiled at each other, he felt connected in a way he hadnt for a long time.
All right. Will you teach me, Ric?
More than youll ever want to know, he answered, meaning spreadsheets and forms and red tape, but once the words were out of his mouth, he felt the attraction hed always felt for her simmering again.
Its very overwhelming. Her voice carried a note of worry that touched him, and against his better judgment, he went to her chair and knelt beside it.
You have your hair down, he murmured, his gaze roving over the golden strands.
She blushed, and he did too, and suddenly it was like the restaurant idea faded into background as she stared into his face. All he could see was the golden mass falling on her shoulders, and all he wanted was to do what he hadnt for ten long years.
Cautiously, he lifted his hand but paused inches away from her hair. His eyes met hers, blue and wide with shock, and he fought the terrible urge to lean in the few inches and kiss her to make the memory complete.

Katies breath caught in her throat as Ric knelt beside her.
Oh, my God.
She looked up at him, her eyes widened with awareness and surprise as she saw desire in his. Hed been cool, collected until now, but suddenly she was shockingly aware that he was indeed attracted to her. If they kept staring at each other like love-struck fools, she knew absolutely that he would lean in and kiss her.
Like she wanted him to. Her fingers stopped twisting and she had the brief fantasy of sinking them into the curls at the nape of his neck.
What are you doing? she demanded, blinking and pulling back in her chair.
He withdrew without touching her, cleared his throat and rose.
Her lungs filled with air again as he moved to maintain a better distance. How could she work with someone she found herself undeniably attracted to?
Maybe this isnt such a good idea, she whispered, half to herself, grabbing for her purse. She thought of the restaurant and halted.
She put her purse back down and heard him exhale, slowly.
It wont happen again. Something in his tone told her he was deeply offended, yet explanations were useless right now.
He could not know how close shed come to touching him, to wondering what his lips would feel like on hers
She would have to simply ignore that. There could be no more deep gazes and thoughts of kissing.
Katie stood. Then Ill come armed with facts and figures next time.
And Ill have papers drawn up. Does Monday morning work for you? He stood too. Their meeting was obviously concluding.
Ten oclock?
Sounds good.
She held out her hand. See you then, partner.
Ric took Katies hand in his and she felt the jolt clear to her toes. He looked down into her eyes as their fingers clung longer than necessary.
Partner, he replied.
After she was gone, the scent of his cologne seemed to follow her. How the hell was she was going to work with him day in and day out without completely going crazy?
Chapter Four

Monday morning at nine fifty-five, Katie stepped inside a downtown coffee shop, jittery with excitement. This was going to happen. With Rics help, her dream was coming true.
She checked the specials on the board but pressed a hand to her stomach and knew she couldnt eat. Ric had called and left a message on her machine about meeting here instead of at ELDC, and she was glad. She felt intimidated in his office, both by the size and the importance it seemed to exude. She scanned the informal seating area, and, noting Ric hadnt arrived yet, escaped to the ladies room to check her appearance. Under the fluorescent light, she gave her hair one last pat. Shed put it up in an intricate twist, her makeup was carefully applied and she wore a new outfita black and cream linen dress. She was completely put together. In her purse was the pen her grandmother had given her for graduation. She thought it appropriate to sign the papers with it.
Somewhat satisfied with at least her outward appearance, she stepped out and found an empty table in the corner.
After today, everything would change. She and Ric would be partners. Shed be committed to a new business. After today, shed be a grown-up. The thought was both exhilarating and daunting.
Ric swung through the door a moment later. Her heart thumped traitorously in response to his GQ appearance. Shed never gone for the suit-and-tie type, but Ric looked at home, very right in them.
Good morning, Katie, Ric said, putting his briefcase down by the vacant chair. You ready?
His eyes were like warm chocolate and she noticed his tie was a little off-center. As ready as Im going to be. She smiled in response, waving out her hand, offering him to sit.
As he put his briefcase on the table and opened it, she caught the sparkle of a ring on his right pinky. His graduation ring, she supposed, from when hed done his MBA. She tried to ignore the reminder that he was far better educated than she. The last thing she needed to do was dig out a yardstick and start making comparisons.
The comforting odor of coffee was thick in the air. Its a big day today, he smiled at her. For both of us.
She took a deep breath. Youre an old hand at this stuff, she chided. Im a newbie. Ive been a bundle of nerves all morning.
Thats where youre wrong. He closed the case again and put it back on the floor beside his feet. Im very excited. I didnt realize how much I needed a new project. Putting this together is going to be a challengeand fun.
Ive had papers drawn up. It states the amount Im investing and delineates my role, as well as percentage of profits. You can take them with you today and have a lawyer look them over, bring them back when theyre signed.
Oh. I thought Id just sign them and be done with it.
His smile was indulgent and she knew right away shed made her first mistake.
He toyed with a pen, moving it through his fingers. I can go over them with you, of course, but you really should have your own lawyer look at them before you sign anything.
I trust you not to cheat me, Ric.
The pen stopped moving and his eyes warmed. Im glad. Partners should trust each other.
She picked up the sheaf of papers and scanned them briefly, picking out the main points. She stopped when she reached the section about profits. Hed indicated a sixty-five/thirty-five split. In her favor. It was more than shed expected and she hoped he wasnt being lenient because of who she was. She wasnt sure what to say.
Youve given me sixty-five percent of the profits.
Too little?
I thought as partners, wed split them equally. I dont want any special treatment. She had tried to make it clear she wanted to be treated as hed treat any partner.
You wont get any. I have ELDC to run as well. Youll be putting more hours in at the restaurant than I will. This is your baby. I thought it only fair you get a higher percentage.
Thank you. The rest of the document seemed to be filled with legalese. He was right. She should go over this with a lawyer. Ill have them back to you before the end of the week, she suggested, and he nodded.
A heavy pause fell between them and Katie resisted the urge to shift in her seat. Business was concluded, yet Katie didnt feel like leaving yet, and Ric didnt seem to be in much of a hurry either. He cleared his throat and she looked up expectantly.
Have you had breakfast? he asked. Im in the mood for coffee and bagels.
Breakfast? Hardly. She hadnt been able to eat a bite this morning in all her nerves and preparation. No, I havent eaten, she replied.
I have some time, he continued and stood, smiling down at her. We can talk about our ideas for the restaurant.
She put the contract in the brown envelope hed provided. That sounds good.
He went to the counter and ordered two bagels and two large coffees. Steam curled off the paper cups and mingled with the scent of cinnamon, raisins and toasted bread. Okay, he began easily, what should we tackle first?
Katie bit into her bagel, licking a spot of cream cheese from the corner of her mouth. It was silly, but she felt self-conscious simply eating in front of him. He always seemed put together, and sharing breakfast took on an intimacy that was surprising. She made sure she swallowed the entire mouthful before replying.
Well, I suppose we should look after renting the space first, making sure of zoning, that sort of thing.
He nodded, took a drink of his coffee and winced. Ooh, thats hot. He gasped as the liquid scalded his tongue, and Katie laughed, relaxing. Well, perhaps he wasnt quite perfect.
You mentioned the tea room on Third. I have my reservations about that location.
Katie put down her bagel and wiped her fingers on a paper napkin as intimacy flew right out the window. This was how it would begin then. The very first issue and they would be at odds, and she could tell he was used to getting his way. Perhaps being a partner wouldnt be such a good idea, if he thought he could strong-arm her. At least the papers werent signed yet.
Or, perhaps she was being over-defensive. She measured her words carefully, keeping all accusation out of her tone. You have a problem with the space Ive chosen? Why?
Its not central enough. Yes, its downtown, but you want to be somewhere where youll get volume, and lots of it, especially during the noon hour. I know of a property available
She cut him off. Of course you do.
His mouth closed firmly at the acid in her tone and she uncrossed her legs beneath the table. Now she was feeling patronized. Not only did he not approve of her location, but he had an alternative all lined up. How many other decisions would he take out of her hands?
Whats that supposed to mean?
It means I should have expected youd disagree with me and
And have a viable alternative? How rude of me. His lips thinned and he put down his coffee.
She blinked. What I mean is that this was my idea. Its my baby, as you pointed out. I dont want or need you coming in and taking over, remember?
He pushed his paper plate aside and leaned in on his elbows. Its my money funding this operation. And guess what? I expect a return on it. Dont forget, Katie, the main objective is to make money, and location is a huge part of that. Your ego has nothing to do with this at all.
Youll say that every time you want to get your own way.
No, Ill say that every time my experience tells me what a right decision is.
She shoved back from the table, her pride pricked. Youre insufferable. This was such a mistake. She gathered up her purse.
Sit down.
Her eyes widened at his imperious tone and she sat.
Katie Buick, if you want to be treated like a grown-up, act like one.
How dare you? You know nothing about me. She spit out the words. Nothing at all. Boy, she was getting sick and tired of being accused of immaturity. Trying to overcome her shortcomings was like swimming upstream in a strong current. It didnt matter how hard she tried, she didnt seem to get anywhere and she was getting tired. She wasnt a party girl, at least not anymore. And perhaps shed been lacking in motivation and ambition. Until shed found a passion. Once shed found that, shed discovered she had both those qualities in abundance.
I know enough to know you arent mad about the location. Youre all upset because I suggested something different. You want everything your way. Get over yourself, and think of the business first and not your pride.
Gee, Ric, tell me how you really feel, she muttered, sucking her lips back in from their sulking posture. It only fuelled her anger to know he was right.
Then his lips squirmed as he tried not to smile at her pouting face. She saw a tiny hint of teeth and found herself smiling back despite herself. Suddenly, they were laughing and the dark cloud of hostility lifted.
Look, he said, leaning back in his chair, his eyes crinkling at the corners, why dont you come and look at the property Im talking about. If you dont like it, if the kitchen is too small or whatever, Ill concede to look elsewhere. But dont dismiss it out of hand, okay?
A huge sigh drifted out as she capitulated. He wasnt being unreasonable. She hated that he was right about her defensiveness, but it wouldnt hurt to look. I can probably do that.
I dont want us to fight every time theres a decision to be made. You need to trust me, Katie.
And you need to trust me.
I do. You dont trust yourself. Thats why you get defensive, and then you overreact.
She bristled out of habit but took a deep breath and made herself relax. Strangely enough, she felt safe with Ric, and that was a new feeling.
I know it. Ive spent so long trying to prove myself that I give myself doubts. She played with a ring on the middle finger of her right hand. Im terribly afraid youll just take over. Im more afraid Ill let you. Her mind flicked back to another memory and she felt the betrayal burn in her stomach. She wouldnt make the mistake of leaving her future in someone elses hands again.
He leaned forward, close enough that as she looked in his eyes she saw tiny gold flecks in the brown surrounding his pupils. Close enough she could have counted his long eyelashes. Her breath caught and she called herself a fool for being easily affected.
I would never, ever take advantage of you, Katie.
Oh, that took on a whole other meaning when he was so close she could smell his cologne. Being taken advantage of by Ric Emerson was an enticing thought. Who could have guessed hed grow up to be devastatingly attractive? And it wasnt only his looks. It was his quiet confidence. The way he garnered respect without demanding it.
I want to believe that, she whispered back, still holding his gaze, and she couldnt help but remember again how shed hurt him before. But its hard.
Her cheeks burned as she heard the words and the implied innuendo she hadnt meant.
Yes. Well. How about that space? Want to have a look?
Now?
Bring your coffee.
She stood, capped her cup and grabbed her purse as she trailed after him. But dont you have to call the leasing company or something?
He held open the door and as she passed in front of him he said casually, Ive got the key. I own it.
On the sidewalk she spun on him, incredulous. I should have guessed. You know, you talk out of both sides of your mouth. Out of one you say you dont want to take over, and out of the other you end up owning the most suitable property I could imagine.
He sighed. Do you always question everyones intentions?
Oh, absolutely. Everyone has an agenda. And Im not going to be the one to get left behind again.
He raised an eyebrow and took her elbow. Remind me to ask you about that sometime, he remarked. Theres a story there, I can tell.
Dont try to humor your way out of this. Her heels clicked frantically as she tried to keep up with Rics long strides. Where is this splendid property, anyway?
Stephen Avenue.
Her mouth clamped shut. A space on Stephen Avenue didnt come cheaply. In fact, she could never afford the rent on her own. It was a prime locationbut why did Ric always have to be right? It was a detail that stuck in her craw and put her on the defensive immediately. Despite the fact they were partners, she was already feeling like someone who was tagging along.
They turned a corner and walked down another block. Ric stopped in front of a building that didnt stand out whatsoever, except for the huge windows in the front. It was flat and brown with dingy-beige awnings over the windows. This was it? It was drab and dismal. He put his key in the door and opened it.
A counter in deep red curved around the west wall, the glass over the edge dusty from abandonment. The floors were white-speckled industrial tile. She stepped in, running her fingers over the countertop. It definitely had potentiala lot of it. What it needed was a fresh and capable hand to spruce it up and make it fantastic. Already she could see the food lined up behind the counter, smell the fragrance of fresh coffee and baked bread, hear the clicking and beeping of the cash register in the corner. What used to be in here? she asked, her voice echoing in the naked space.
A sandwich shop. Didnt make it, though. He was still standing by the door, watching her wander through.
Soberly, she removed her hand and wandered towards the back. By the far wall there was a pass-through, and she lifted it and went behind the counter. A sandwich shopand an economic casualty. Could she ensure that her restaurant wouldnt end up the same way?
Theres an office in the back and a storage room, naturally.
She looked out over the emptiness, envisioning tables and chairs filled with chatting lunch goers. She saw potted trees in the corners, friendly prints on the walls.
Youre seeing it, arent you? Rics voice interrupted quietly.
She met his gaze and knew he was seeing it too. Hed known shed like it because he had the same vision. She couldnt hate him for that.
She smiled. Yes, Im seeing it.
The rent comes pretty cheap, considering the location.
She laughed lightly. You were right, it is perfect. She lifted wistful eyes to his. Promise me something?
It depends.
Let me be right sometimes. Im going to need that.
Im no interior decorator. Im sure youll do much better at that than I would.
Then I guess in addition to the partnership, theres a lease to sign. She held out her hand. Partner.
Partner, he echoed, taking her hand over the countertop, and the deal was sealed.

Ric checked his watch for the third time. She was late. Hed postponed a meeting so he could meet Katie for drinks and discuss the restaurant. They hadnt been in contact for over a week, and things had to be done.
Besides, he was looking forward to seeing her.
Hed admitted that much to himself. Hed also admitted he was grudgingly gaining respect for her. He admired what she was doing. It took guts to start a business from the ground up. He was impressed with the amount and quality of her research regarding the market. And judging by the work already underway, he knew she was putting in long, arduous days.
He had risen above his shortcomings and become a success. He admired Katies work ethic, which was enabling her to do the same. After hed completed a routine background check on her, he knew exactly what she was trying to overcome, and he couldnt help but be impressed by her tenacity.
The door opened and Ric knew before even looking that it was Katie. Something in the air changed. He turned his head and saw shed arrived, shaking an umbrella and closing it up before scanning the room for him. The moment she saw him, she smiled, and a jolt of electricity shot to his toes.
Something to drink? he asked as she took the seat opposite him.
Katie put down her umbrella and ran a hand through her hair. God, yes. Im run ragged.
Ric grinned and beckoned for a waitress. I thought this was better than the office. Sometimes its good to get out of there. Neutral territory, so to speak.
A waitress with a blonde ponytail and a black apron appeared and Katie smiled. Ill have a pint of honey-brown, she ordered, and Ric ordered the same.
I brought some things for you to look at. Ric pulled a file out of his briefcase, wasting no time getting down to business. First thing we have to do is get our legalities in order.
Their beer arrived and Katie took a long drink. Ric raised one eyebrow as she licked the foam from her top lip and was rewarded with a laugh.
I spent the morning looking into equipment suppliers. Lets just say the price tag was, well, shocking. She lifted her eyebrows to emphasize her point.
I bet.
Im thinking secondhand might be the way to go. Either from someone whos going out of business, or I heard about an auction coming up this Thursday. I thought I might go, see if theres anything worth bidding on.
That sounds smart. Ric sipped his pint, unable to take his eyes off her face. Tiny droplets of water clung to her hair and gave her skin a fresh, dewy glow. Ive got reams of paperwork here, for both of us to sign. I should have anticipated the number of licenses and permits wed need. He ticked them off on his fingers. A business license, food establishment license, vendor permit, tax forms, zoning, insurance, the list goes on. Hed been through it before and it was still daunting.
God.
Everyone gets a piece before we even open.
Katie put down her glass and pulled out a pen. Im assuming youve had Dave look everything over? What do I have to sign?
He smiled then, his eyes crinkling at the corners as he quickly dismissed a prick of jealousy. Youre on a first-name basis with the lawyer now?

Katie blushed. Dave McDonald was Rics business attorney and hed agreed to handle the legalities for the restaurant too. Katie had liked him immediately. He wasnt stuffy or boring. The first time theyd met, hed been in jeans and a white golf shirt and had just come from his sons rugby game. He was a shade taller than she was, with curly, sandy-blonde hair and sparkly blue eyes that screamed mischief. She felt much more comfortable with him, knowing he was relaxed with a real sense of humor. At least she wasnt intimidated by a stuffed shirt in a three-piece suit like shed been expecting.
Yeah, she replied. Scary, isnt it? Its quite a learning curve, getting this thing off the ground.
Ric signaled for two more pints and handed over a sheaf of papers. You can start there. Have a quick look and once everything is in order, Ill file them at City Hall and the tax forms with the Canada Revenue Agency. How go the renovations?
Katie beamed. I love it. You should come by. The colors are fabulous, and the flooring is perfect. She looked down on the first form. Um, Ric, we dont have a name for the place yet.
I thought Id leave that up to you.
She looked up. Really?
I named my business Emerson Land Development. Doesnt smack of creativity, does it?
Well
Im sure youll come up with something much more zippy and appropriate.
She put down her glass and folded her hands on the table. I do have an idea, but Im not sure if youll like it or not. And I dont want to start another argument.
He shrugged his shoulders. Ask me. He handed the waitress a twenty-dollar bill as she delivered their second drinks.
How about Pick and Choose? Before he could say anything, she hurried on to explain her logic. Customers come in looking for an alternative, and they get choices. The menu is very flexible and can pretty much be mixed and matched to satisfy any diet plan out there. They can pick and choose amongst the offerings and get exactly what they want.
You seem to be in an awful hurry to justify the name to me.
II thought youd hate it. On principle, because you didnt think of it, she thought to herself. Personally, she thought it quick and clever, but shed wanted the tea room space too and now they were setting up shop on Stephen Avenue.
I think its brilliant.
You do? She lifted her eyebrows. He wasnt going to put up a fight at all?
I do. You look surprised. He chuckled. You really need to work on your confidence, Katie. Ill run it through registries and make sure theres not another one listed. If not, Ill register the name, okay?
Yeah, okay. She exhaled and started signing beside various Xs on the sheets.
You want company at the auction? His voice interrupted her progress.
Naw, Im fine. Katie didnt look up, just kept skimming and signing. Ive got the checkbook. She grinned out the side of her mouth. I love spending your money.
You sound like a wife.
Her hand stilled. It was a joke, she knew it. Theyd had none of the tense atmosphere between them today, but with one sentence, she felt the pull to him again. Like there was something more between them, something bigger than both of them, and she didnt want there to be. He was handsome and way too nice, and what she was feeling was surely nothing more than a crush. It would pass, and the best thing to do would be to wait for it to go away rather than act on it.
Besides, shed made that mistake once before. And shed learned her lesson after being burned.
Katie?
She cleared her throat. Sorry. I got to thinking for a minute. You can come to the auction if you want.
She felt the coolness between them right away as he responded. No, thats okay. I probably shouldnt take the time away from work. Why dont you come over on Saturday and pick up your copies of the paperwork? Ill be out of the office on Friday and Monday. Im flying up to Edmonton for a meeting.
To your house?
Is that a problem? Theres a lot of work to do, and its probably the best way to do it uninterrupted. If you dont mind working on a Saturday.
Oh, no, no problem at all. Except you keep making it harder and harder for me to keep my distance. She already had to fight the urge to look. Put them in close proximity too much and before she knew it shed be touching. Her fingertips tingled at the thought.
Not at all. Her voice came out more strained than she liked. Ill bring coffee. You keep the pencils sharp.
She looked at her watch. It was already past four. Ive gotta run, Ive got dinner plans with Mom and Dad, she made a hurried excuse. Ill see you Saturday. Thanks for the beer.
She grabbed her bag and hurried to rise.
Katie? Dont you need the address?
She flushed and stammered, Uh, yeah, I guess I do. She was flustered at the thought of spending a day with Ric in such an intimate setting and it was affecting her thinking.
Ric wrote it on a napkin and handed it over. Saturday then.
His fingers brushed hers and her pulse leapt at the contact. He pressed his thumb against her fingers briefly as butterflies danced in her stomach.
She pulled away and, instead of answering, simply fled.
Chapter Five

Ric gave a quick check in the mirror, running his fingers through his hair and scowling at a stubborn curl that wouldnt go where he wanted. It was only Katie Buick and they were only doing work. He didnt need to take time to primp and preen.
Only Katie Buick.
He sneered at the reflection in the mirror with self-deprecation. Who was he kidding? Hed done a lot of things in his life in the name of Katie. In high school, hed tried to get her attention, to show her he was smart and determined. At times, hed been sure shed seen past his big glasses and skinny body to the heart inside. But shed rejected him, and from that moment hed been determined hed make the outside as dynamic as the inside. He might have had have intelligence and drive, but hed needed to look successful.
His first year of university, hed approached a sports coach about getting in shape and proper nutrition. It had taken a lot of hard work and sacrifice, but it had been worth it. The physical changes had also inspired mental and emotional ones. He was more confident and self-assured. He felt stronger, had more energy. It was a regimen he still followed daily.
In the kitchen, he wiped the counter, put his glass and the top of the blender into the dishwasher and wiped the stainless-steel door with a towel. Hed already been up, had his egg-white omelet, worked out and finished with his protein shake. Now, at nearly ten, he was showered and dressed.
The doorbell rang, shaking him out of his thoughts with a start. Forget about it being Katie and stick to business, he reminded himself, walking to the door.
For some reason, he wanted her to approveof him, of his business, of his house. He didnt want to be seen as lacking in any way in her eyes. Perhaps it was unreasonable, but it was true, he acknowledged as he put his hand on the doorknob. It shouldnt matter. Hed done what hed demanded of himselfhe had changed his appearance, his business was thriving. Hed even managed a few whirlwind relationships along the way. Yet somehow being with Katie seemed to reduce all of it down to a common denominatorhed done it to escape the vulnerable boy hed been, and he hadnt been able to exorcise him completely, not with Katie as a reminder. There was still that tiny bit of insecurity that nothing had really changed at all.
He pasted a nervous smile on his face and opened the door. Katie stood on the grey concrete step, a tray with two large coffees in one hand and her briefcase in the other. She looked tall and graceful in a simple wraparound skirt and T-shirt. He swallowed, more affected by her appearance than he cared to admit. Trying to stick to business was going to be difficult.
Good morning.
Hi. May I come in?
Oh, of course. Belatedly, he stepped back, allowing her to enter. Did you have any trouble finding the place?

Katie stepped in and handed Ric the tray of coffee. She hadnt had any trouble with the address, but instead had gaped at the affluent homes in the area as she drove through the winding streets. Every one of them cost more than she could ever afford in a lifetime, complete with well-kept yards. Rics home was stunning from the outside, huge with lots of grey stonework, charcoal-grey siding, and deep-burgundy shutters. Taking a look through the foyer, she saw the inside was as beautiful as the out. Everything in her field of vision was spotlessly clean, and she saw brushed chrome stools lined up beside a granite-topped eating nook. Nothing was ostentatious, but everything she could see had an air of quality about it.
I didnt have any trouble at all. This is a lovely area.
Ive got a great view, too. Come on in. I could use that coffee. He gestured with the tray in his hand.
She slid off her sandals, wary of tracking dirt into his spotless house. Now her feet were bare except for a simple toe ring and she heard the sound of their soles on the hardwood floor as he led her to the kitchen. The fringed hem of her skirt grazed her ankles as she took a seat on a bar stool at the nook. She watched silently as Ric turned his back to her, taking the cups out of the cardboard tray. He shifted his shoulders, and the white shirt contoured to his form and pulled taut against his back. Katies mouth went dry. Dropping her gaze, she realized he was wearing faded jeans again. Really, how could one man be so attractive, and yet not show any signs of vanity?
She spoke to ease the tension running through her veins. Um. I got you cream and sugar. I hope thats okay.
Thats perfect. Ric flipped back the spouts and handed her a cup. His gaze met hers across the counter, and her throat tightened. She had to be crazy. Because right now she couldnt care less about coffee. What she really wanted to do was undo those buttons on his shirt and get to the skin underneath.
Her body flushed as she looked away. Why, oh why was it that every time he looked at her, it seemed as though he had questions he wasnt asking?
Cheers, he offered, and she laughed tightly as they touched rims. Theyd clinked glasses a lot as children, drinking sparkling juice at social events while their parents drank spirits. Back then, it had been simple, childish fun and not fraught with complications like it was now.
Ive got all the paperwork ready, he said after his first sip.
Katie removed the lid from her cup and blew on the surface, watching him over the rim. His shirt was trendy yet understated and showed off the hints of ripples in his shoulders and arms. Briefly, she wondered what it would be like to be held in such strong arms, resting her head on his solid chest. And bare feet in jeanshe couldnt realize how sexy that was, surely. Her fingers itched again as she imagined how hed look in nothing but the jeans. She squirmed from the discomfort of that arousing thought. Think of something else, she commanded herself, struggling to remember why she was here.
She took a drink of coffee and replied, Ive also got a list of everything that needs our attention and a basic timeline of what needs to be completed when. I thought today would be a good time since we have a better chance of not being interrupted.
Not being interrupted. Now there was a thought to cause even more discomfort.
Besides, I cant stop staring at your feet, she thought, but kept her mouth shut as she studied his arches. What was it about men in jeans and bare feet? She had to keep her mind away from anything personal. Shed been here before and let it cloud her judgment. All she had to do was exert a little self-control. It was simple, wasnt it?
Come on into the den then, he suggested, and she followed him out of the kitchen and into the most amazing room shed ever seen.
On the north side, a window covered most of one wall, letting in lots of light without the glare of direct sun. On the side closest to the foyer was a huge computer workstation and printer table in lovely oak, complemented by a plump leather chair. The other two walls were covered in oak bookshelves. Beneath the shelves on the east wall sat a black leather sofa. A matching oak coffee table graced the middle of the room, sheaves of paper arranged neatly on its top.
Wow. You must love working in here. She stood in the doorway and simply admired, ruing the fact that her small apartment hardly had enough room for her tiny department-store desk and basic computer. As it was, they were tucked into a corner of the spare bedroom.
I dont always like working at the office he admitted. This is more homey and comfortable. He gestured to the sofa. Ive got everything laid out here. Have a seat.
Katie sank into the sofa and sighed. Soft, buttery leather caressed her skin as the rich scent of the fabric surrounded her. It was much better than a hard old desk chair. Oh my. I might never want to leave, she breathed in contentment.
A strange look came across Rics face, but he quickly shuttered it away. Oh dear, had she said the wrong thing again? She sat up straighter. It was bad enough she was beginning to indulge in fantasies. She didnt need to give him fuel for the same.
Lets get started, she said firmly, and he took his place beside her, clicking open his pen and grabbing the first stack of papers.
Much later, Katie checked her watch, astonished to find two hours had passed. The coffee was long gone and papers lay strewn everywhere. They had made it through the first two pages of her checklist, and she rubbed a hand along the back of her neck and sighed.
Time for a break?
I cant believe its half-past twelve, she groaned, flexing her neck from side-to-side. We got caught up in the work and I lost track of time.
At that precise moment, Rics stomach grumbled in the stillness and Katie snorted out her nose. Ric chuckled as they leaned back against the cushiony softness of the sofa. Their heads turned automatically, like a flower turns to the sun. The look he gave her was warm and uncomplicated.
I think I should offer you some lunch.
She smiled. That sounds nice. Besides, we got a lot done this morning. Its amazing what you can accomplish when you have a solid block of time to simply work at it.
Ric held out a hand and helped her to her feet. We can finish up the last of it later, he suggested. Why dont you go out on the deck? Ill fix something and bring it out.
They wandered through the kitchen and Ric slid the balcony door open for her.
Are you sure you dont need any help? she offered, but he shook his head.
Nope. You relax. It wont be fancy, though. Im not much of a chef.
I dont need fancy, she murmured, her hand still on the door frame, and for a moment, their gazes met. There was the pull again, the one that made her want to abandon all caution and find out what it would be like to be held by those fabulous arms, pressed against him skin to skin.
Quietly, she stepped away and moved to the railing of the deck, out of his reach and away from those eyes that seemed to see way too much for comfort.
The view of the valley was breathtaking. The deck fell away to a backyard of rich, green grass, and beyond the fence lay acres of wild grass and flowers. Small wild shrubs dotted the rough landscape, and she could well imagine deer wandering through in the pre-dawn dimness, or jackrabbits bounding out of the way of a marauding coyote. Beyond the wildness, she saw the pale, grey-blue stripe of the TransCanada Highway, then the green-grey of the rolling foothills leading to a spectacular view of the Rockies, long and winding and jaggedly majestic. It was comforting yet somehow remote, and Katie wondered if Ric knew how much his choice of home reflected who he was. She could spend hours out here, simply looking at all the wide-open space. Sighing, she leaned against the wood railing and tapped her bare toe on the smooth decking. Rics house wasnt glamorous, but it was certainly large, well-cared for and well situated. She could understand why hed chosen it. And it was a million-dollar reminder of the differences in their positions.

Ric slid the knife through the bread and took a deep breath to calm himself. He saw Katie through the sliding doors. She was leaning over the railing of the deck, looking at the view. As he placed the bread in a basket, he watched as her foot slid back from beneath her skirt and began tapping carelessly against the floor of the deck. She tipped her head back, basking in the noon light, and his hands halted. He watched her for a long moment, entranced by the tiniest movementsher hair falling down her back, the way her weight shifted to her left hip as her right heel moved back and forth.
Damn. He cared about her again. This was more than simply proving himself to her, more than just the attraction he felt in her presence or the enjoyment of butting heads. No, it was a deep-seated feeling of longing, of caring, of tenderness. Of wanting to simply spend time together, without business or the past between them. They hadnt talked about things since theyd reconnected. It was always about the business with her. Perhaps he could change that, learn more about what made Katie, the woman, tick. And perhaps shed wonder the same thing, and he could explain all of it.
He placed the breadbasket on a tray, checked its contents and was satisfied. Going to the door, he tapped once and she came over to slide it open for him.
Theres a bottle of wine and glasses on the nook, he explained, taking the tray to the glass-topped table at the south corner of the deck. Would you mind grabbing them?
Not at all, she replied, and while she was gone, he arranged the food on the table along with linen napkins.
She returned and poured the wine while he shut the patio door behind her.
Coming up behind her, he reached around her intimately as he picked up his glass. To the Pick and Choose. His voice was no more than a breath. And its wonderful management team.
Ric touched his glass to hers, disheartened when she turned away from the proximity of their bodies when what he wanted was to feel the warmth hovering between them.
Im afraid I cant compete with your culinary skills.
Dont be silly. It looks wonderful, Katie admonished gently, taking her seat. Once she sat, Ric followed suit and told her to help herself.
What he lacked in ability he hoped he made up for in variety. The offerings were simple. Crusty French bread, thin slices of roast beef, various cheeses, roasted peppers and zucchini. A smaller plate held raw vegetables and there was a bowl of fresh strawberries and blueberries for dessert.
Katie bit into a pepper and ran the tip of her tongue over her lips. Oh, this is delicious, she said appreciatively.
Im glad you approve, Ric replied, filling his own plate from the selection, trying desperately to forget the slow slide of her tongue.

Katie leaned back and cradled her wine glass as the shush of the breeze and the song of the birds wove a spell around them. It was a particularly fine red and she was sipping and savoring. She watched Ric with hooded eyes. Why on earth did this feel so right when she was obviously in the wrong place? She and Ric were from different worlds now. He was the rich exec, and she hadnt been anything but a waitress for the last decade.
You have a lovely spot, she commented, liking it despite herself.
My parents thought it odd I didnt choose one of my own developments. He smiled crookedly into his glass like he was keeping a secret. But I saw this place and loved it. Its quiet and the viewwell, it cant be beat. After lunch I can give you the rest of the tour if you like.
Id like that a lot. Your kitchen and dining room are as big as my entire apartment. She said it as much to remind herself as him. She did not belong in a mansion. It was some warped trick of fate that she was here in the first place.
Ric picked up a strawberry and turned it over in his fingers before taking a bite. True, he admitted, but this place is too big for one person. I only lasted a week before I knew I had to share it with someone.
Katies heart plummeted and she didnt want to admit the reason why. Ric was living with someone? Hed never mentioned it. But then, why would he? Theyd both made it clear their personal lives werent part of the equation. Avoiding his eyes, she stood.
Let me help you clean this up, she murmured and began stacking plates and empty dishes on the tray. She felt Rics eyes on her but kept her mouth shut. She knew as sure as anything that if she spoke shed make a complete ass of herself.
He opened the door for her and she took the tray to the counter beside the sink.
Simply to keep her hands busy, she began loading the dirty dishes into the dishwasher, until she felt something soft and furry twining about her ankles. She looked down and saw a black ball of fluff preening up against her legs.
She looked up at Ric and he smiled widely. Katie, this is Gilligan. My housemate.
She knelt down and rubbed a hand over the cats back, smiling as he arched into her palm. Hes lovely, she said, stroking Gilligan as he purred.
He sheds and hes a fussy eater, Ric complained, but when Katie looked at him the same smile lit his face. I cant imagine not having him now.
Katie stood. Wow, a cat. It made Ric seem even more human. Not many single guys she knew could be bothered with caring for a pet. And yetshe got the feeling that having Gilligan around made the house less empty. She had no right to feel relieved that it was a cat he shared his life with, but she was just the same.
She pictured Ric sitting alone in the evening with only Gilligan for company and felt an odd constriction around her heart.
How about that tour? she asked.
As Ric showed her the rest of the house, two things became abundantly clear. First of all, this house was built for a family. And secondly, Ric was lonely.
The top floor had four bedrooms and a lounge, the latter equipped with a big screen TV and home-theatre system. Three of the bedrooms were large and only one was furnished with a beda lonely queen-sized covered with a neutral spread. As her feet sank into the rich carpet, she got the feeling these rooms were waitingfor something or someone. As she followed him through the upstairs, she peeked into a large, coldly clean bathroom that almost looked like it had never been used. The hall ended with the door to the master bedroom.
She stepped inside his bedroom. The personal nature of the room made it uncomfortable enough, but as she looked around, she felt as though she were witnessing something very private and very intense.
Ric had decorated his bedroom. Really decorated it, not just filled it with the necessary furniture.
The centerpiece was the bed, and Katie swallowed hard as she stared at it. It was nothing short of decadent, and an image flashed before her, of Ric and herself entwined in the covers. The bed was king-sized, a four poster in dark walnut. His duvet was gold and red silk, the head was covered with a selection of gold and red throw pillows in varying rich fabrics. She imagined being held in Rics arms beneath the silk, and her pulse jumped.
Whoa. She had to leave that explosive picture behind in a hurry. Her cheeks flaming, she turned away. It didnt help. The walls were painted a rich, throbbing red with vertical stripes of glossy finish paint, giving the impression of tapestry. It was opulent and it was sexual and she wasnt immune to its power.
Katie ran a hand over the silky finish of the footboard. Ric, this room is What could she say now? As a teenager, hed had plain white walls and a navy spread, and his wall had plaques from science fairs and a periodic table pinned up with thumbtacks. Theyd laughingly dubbed it the Passion Pit. All these years later, this room could hold that title and then some. Its a lot different from your room in high school.
It was a room made for loving. She wondered if he realized how potent it was.
I didnt decorate the other rooms, he admitted, his voice close to her ear and warm like melted butter. But the ones I spend the most time inhere, the kitchen, the denI wanted them done right.
He moved to the end of the room and slid open a door, revealing a huge ensuite and beyond that, a walk-in closet as big as her own bedroom.
The phone rang, echoing through the house. Excuse me for a moment, he said and disappeared on silent feet.
She stepped inside the ensuite onto ceramic tile. On her right was a double shower, a toilet, a makeup counter and mirror that had to be at least five feet long. It turned a corner to become a double sink and mirror with an oak vanity beneath. But the glory of the room was the Jacuzzi, a two-person jetted tub surrounded by gold-veined marble and with gold fixtures.
These roomshis private roomswere made for two. The huge, opulent bed, the shower for two. It was made for a couple, rising in the morning and getting ready side-by-side. It was made for steamy showers late at night and long, seductive bubble baths with candles and champagne. His bedroom and the ensuite screamed seduction, and Katie realized that deep down Ric had a tender, romantic heart despite his sometimes cold appearance. She wondered what would happen if he released all the passion he seemed to hold behind his stiff exterior. She wondered what it would be like if she were on the receiving end, and her muscles tightened in anticipation.
If he tried to seduce her right now, she knew shed abandon all willpower and good sense and go for it.
Katie backed out of the room, feeling both longing and an accompanying fear. He was waiting for her in the hall, his face naked of all pretense. His eyes held emotions she didnt want to acknowledge. It was longing and wanting and waiting for her to make a move. Oh God, he couldnt know how badly she wanted to make that move.
As their gazes caught and held, she somehow knew what she had no right to ask. The empty rooms, the extra space not needed for one persondeep inside she knew hed bought this house wishing for a family of his own. And that was something they differed on. She had things to prove before she even thought about a husband and kids. The very thought terrified her. Ric had already proven himself. Hed become the success hed vowed he would, but she hadnt even begun.
Looking at him now, she could well imagine him rocking a baby daughter or pitching a ball to a toddler holding a bat twice his size. It was a beautiful picture.
The world seemed made for those going two by two, and for a fleeting moment, Katie understood why. A husband, children, all the everyday things many took for granted but remained elusive for others. Shed never wanted that for herself until now, picturing Ric as a father. Hed be the hands-on type too, the kind who would tuck them into bed and then spend an hour relaxing with his wife in deepening twilight, winding down with some one-on-one time. It was pure silly fantasy that had her picturing herself as his wife. And she couldnt afford to think that way. She had a restaurant to get off the groundand running it wasnt going to leave her any spare time for a long time to come.
They were still gazing into each others eyes and Katie felt her pulse leap and take off running. She had to come up with something to say, and lamely tried, Your house is gorgeous. It was stating the obvious and she inwardly winced. She made the mistake of looking down at Rics feet again, the bare toes surrounded by rich carpet. Shed never seen toes so seductive in all her life.
He lifted his right foot and took a step forwardthe left came to meet it, and he stood a whisper away, so close they were almost touching as his chest rose and fell with his breathing.
Im glad you like it, he murmured.
She couldnt look up. She couldnt. Oh God, why did he have to be so good-looking and successful and kind and funny and sexy
He lifted his hand and the warmth of his fingers caressed her face before twining in her hair. He rubbed the strands between his fingers as her heart thundered, remembering.
You always had the most beautiful hair, he murmured, and her eyes slammed closed.
Touch me, she thought, her body leaning in towards his
He slid his fingers up her arm and under the waterfall of hair at her neck. His breath heated her cheek as his lips barely touched her skin. His mouth brushed closer to hers, soft, tantalizing.
I cant do this, she choked and took a step back suddenly, leaving his hand in the air where her head had been. What was she thinking? She couldnt let things get physical with Ric. When things got physical, they also got emotional. All the lines got blurred and she got hurt. Her heart pounded painfully. Ric hadnt moved since shed blurted out that she couldnt go through with it. Katie made the mistake of looking up at him and felt the terrible urge to forget about all her misgivings and launch herself into his arms. To kiss him then and there and see exactly where it might lead.
But that would be wrong, for both of them.
Chapter Six

She steeled herself. I cant, Ric. Oh, damn.
He lowered his hand and put it in his pocket, his jaw hard as iron, eyes cold. I see.
No, I dont think you do. Oh please, can we go back downstairs? I cant think straight. She wiped her hand down her cheek. Distance. She needed to put physical distance between them.
If thats what you want.
His tone was cool and the bite of guilt gnawed into her as she followed him back down the carpeted stairs. She felt safer in the neutral atmosphere of the kitchen where things were functional and not intimate.
Ric leaned against the nook and folded his arms, and she knew by his remoteness, the way his jaw was clamped shut and his eyes closed off that shed hurt his feelings. That was the last thing she wanted to do. Shed hurt him once before and didnt want to repeat it. She had to explain, to make him see. Make him see it wasnt a case of her rejecting him, but of her protecting herself, plain and simple.
Please dont be mad, she pleaded.
I dont understand, he said slowly, as if deliberately trying to keep his voice level. I could swear Ive been getting signals from you.
Signals? Oh, if he only knew. One minute she was choking on her own breath, exchanging longing gazes, and the next she was putting distance between them or picking a fight. Shed been feeling like a silly teenager ever since theyd met again, like a stop-and-go light where he was concerned.
She sighed. Shed fallen for someone she worked with once with disastrous consequences, professionally and personally. The last thing she wanted to do was make the same mistake twice.
Then Im afraid you misread.
Ric uncrossed his arms and she saw a muscle clench in his jaw. He was mad and had every reason. Her eyes widened as his darkened in anger, narrowed and dangerous.
Misread? Youre telling me I imagined what happened upstairs just now? Ric scowled at her. I was there, Katie. He grabbed her upper arms, drawing her closer. I felt your heart pounding, the way you leaned into my body. Misread?
All right. Youre right. she exploded, stumbling backward, away from his grip and hard, unyielding body.
Youre admitting it. Its about time. He took a step forward, his gaze fixed on her lips. 
Dont, she warned him, holding up her hands.
He took another step but backed off when he looked into her eyes. She wasnt angry. She was frightened. Frightened of everything he made her feel. Afraid of being weak. Thankfully, hed kept that little bit of distance between them. Then tell me why.
She swore it would never happen again. It wasnt something she was proud of and only a handful of people even knew what had happened, but faced with Rics current anger and their past, she knew he deserved to understand where she was coming from.
I made the mistake of getting involved with a co-worker once, she admitted on a huge breath. Admitting it brought the humiliation back, fresh and painful, and she blinked away hot tears. She would not cry over this again. Resolute, she swallowed the hard lump in her throat and lifted her chin. I now have a personal policy not to ever mix business with pleasure.
And Im business.
Strictly. Weve already signed the papers saying so. I cantno, I wontbe involved with my business partner.
His shoulders relaxed, his face less harsh. He ran a hand over his face and let out a breath. She couldnt help being relieved the worst of the storm seemed over and that his anger had diffused quickly. He seemed to understand a little and it meant a great deal to her.
Its not personal, Ric. I justthis business is everything to me and I cant let anything get in the way of that.
What happened?
Sorry?
I mean, what did he do that made you determined not to go there again? Ric pulled out a bar stool and sat, resting his arms on the breakfast nook.
Was she actually in Ric Emersons kitchen, and was he prompting her to talk about past romantic failures? This had to be some parallel universe, because not in a million years could she have pictured it. He wasnt judging her or looking for juicy details. He was being a friend and it was the one sure way of sneaking beneath her self-constructed armor.
She went to the nook, ignored the other stool and rested her elbows on the brown marble top instead.
I was working for a chain at the time. We had a new owner coming in and the managers job was up for grabs. We were both assistant managers at the time. I got caught up in him. He got caught up in the new opportunity, romanced the new boss and convinced her Id dipped into the till a few times. I was out of a job, out of a recommendation and nursing a broken heart. Thats the long and short of it.
There was more, much more, but there was only so much she could reveal and still keep her dignity. Shed given him enough that he could understandand perhaps keep any sort of good opinion hed formed about her.
Thats the whole story?
He was looking at her like he expected more, and she wondered if hed picked up on how guilty she felt inside. He couldnt possibly know the rest of it, and she wasnt going to tell him. If he knew, hed regret ever going into business with her. Worse, shed be faced with his disappointment. For years, his opinion hadnt mattered, but now it did. Shed keep the rest of the truth and simply try to build on what they already had.
Yeah, thats it.
To her relief, he handed her a glass, the ice tinkling softly. You dont think Id do something like that, do you?
No, I dont. Youve always had too much integrity for that. Youre the most honest person I know. She couldnt help but hate that perfection as much as she admired it.
But you blame yourself because you think you should have seen. You dont trust yourself.
She was surprised he understood and her posture stiffened in defense. Emotional attachments cloud my judgment. Thats why I dont mix them with my job. And that works for me.
Being partners with Ric was refreshing yet a bit bitter at the same time. He knew how to be a friend, understood more than she cared to admit, yet the past always seemed to taint things. Her stomach churned. Her emotions had been on a rollercoaster far too long. Im afraid Im not feeling too much like work anymore. I think Ill get my stuff together and head home, if you dont mind.
Not at all. We got a lot done this morning. Besides, theres always email and telephones, and its not like my office is far from the shop if you need anything.
Katie retrieved her bag from the office and when she came out Ric was waiting at the door.
Katie?
She looked up and found him staring down at her so earnestly she almost forgot what she was about. It was as if he knew, like he could see right inside of her, and it made her want to spill out the whole sordid story of what Craig had actually done to her. She clamped her mouth shut. If he knew, any friendship theyd forged would go right out the window. She waited for what he was going to say.
Thanks for telling me.
He lifted his hand and touched her face, rubbing his thumb over her jaw gently. She attempted a smile but failed. He was nearly perfectshe would never measure up to his ideal. It would be better for both of them if they kept meetings in neutral territory after this.
Thanks for lunch. Ill be in touch.
She left him in the open doorway, and try as she might to banish it, the picture of him there in his lonely house followed her all the way home.

Katie rose, placing her hands on the small of her back and stretching out the permanent kink sitting there. A local radio station pumped out the latest hip-hop from a small stereo on the counter. She sighed, ran a hand over her ponytail and saw a fluff of white dust erupt around her head.
Shed thought she was finished with crack filling, until the idiots delivering furniture yesterday had left a huge gouge in the wall. Shed plastered it this morning, and tonight had gone to work sanding it and prepping the wall to repaint. Unfortunately, by spending the evening alone with only the radio keeping her company, her thoughts kept drifting to Ric.
That day at his house had affected her more than she wanted to admit. Looking into his eyes, shed never wanted anything as much as shed wanted to kiss him, to let her fingers run through those short curls and feel his body close to hers. She hadnt counted on a physical attraction this potent. She had never felt anything like that for him in years past. And it wasnt his money or his power or his smoldering looks. It was more elemental than that. It was a basic, person-to-person recognition.
It wasnt going to happen. She shook her head, scrubbing the drywall with renewed vigor. As much as she was confident in her ability to run the restaurant, she was equally certain that she was a disaster at personal relationships. Shed never forgive herself if she screwed up the Pick and Choose because she couldnt be objective. Shed have to be satisfied with fantasies of him. As long as she didnt act on the attraction, she was safe.
A knock sounded at the door and she jumped guiltily, shaken abruptly from the romantic interlude playing in her head. Peering out the window, she saw Rics figure and felt her body flush. In her fantasy, theyd been pressed close together, his lips firm on hers as he peeled away
Now he was here in the flesh. Forcing deep breaths, she hurried to unlock the door as he knocked a second time.
Ric stepped over the threshold, bigger than life and looking devastatingly delicious in a navy suit and light-blue shirt. His tie was knotted up tightly so that the collar of his shirt lay snug and flat. He looked like an ad from a magazine and Katie felt a bubble of anticipation in her belly. Her recent fantasy involved peeling him out of a similar suit, layer by tailored layer, and she knew she dare not say anything or shed embarrass herself completely. She needed to put space between them.
You look like a ghost. He reached out and touched the tip of her nose with a finger, and she was reminded of how hed caressed her face as shed left his house. She shied away. When he drew back his hand the fingertip was dotted with drywall dust.
Im repairing. I still have to paint.
Ric took a paper bag from behind his back and placed it on the now yellow-tinged counter. Want some help?
She looked down his suit and shrugged, trying desperately to look dismissive. I doubt youre going to paint in your designer suit.
His brows pulled together at the snap of irritation in her voice. Its only a suit.
That was one of the big differences between them. To him, it was just clothing. To her, it represented several hundred dollars she wouldnt dare tarnish since she couldnt afford to replace it. Her lips thinned. Whatever. Theyre your clothes.
The song changed to something with a rock beat and Ric angled an eyebrow at her. Maybe youd like something to eat first.
His tone clearly suggested perhaps her attitude was caused by hunger, and she tried to relax. Besides, now that he mentioned it, something definitely smelled beefy and greasy in the paper sack. How long had it been since shed eaten a fast-food burger? Shed concentrated a long time on abolishing junk food from her diet, and here was Ric, tempting her with all the things she knew were bad for her.
Give it up, Katie, she chided herself. A burger was only a burger after all.
How did you know I was here?
He reached in the bag and took out two foil-wrapped burgers and two paper sacks of fries. I called your apartment. When you didnt answer, I figured here would be the best bet. Theres only three days left until opening. I know you assured me you had things under control, but with time being short
Dont remind me. Katie went to the other end of the space and grabbed two chairs while Ric picked up a small table and put it in the middle of the room.
Do you have ketchup?
She raised one eyebrow. No fries on our menu, or burgers either. No ketchup.
Well have to do without, I guess, he lamented, sitting on the dusty chair without a flicker of concern about his trousers or his arteries.
Katie unwrapped her sandwich and stared at it. How many grams of fat were in it? Forty? Fifty? Too many. Add in the cheese, and was that a strip of bacon peeking out from beneath the bun? And mayo too, she thought with dismay.
Something wrong with your burger?
She smiled faintly. No. She would not deliver a speech at this moment about the evils of fast food. Besides, she hadnt eaten since this morning and it smelled too good to resist. She took a bite. It was juicy and her taste buds rejoiced, popping at the vinegary pucker of sour pickles. Why was it everything she didnt want or need had to be so good?
Seems a bit ironic, doesnt it? she commented, putting down her burger and examining a long, golden French fry. Im opening a healthy-choices restaurant and sit here eating burgers and fries, my very competition.
Sometimes, you need a good burger, Ric decreed. Everything in moderation, right?
Not if we want to make a profit, she replied dryly, but despite herself took another scrumptious bite.
He wiped his hands on a paper napkin and looked around. Despite that wall, the place looks good, Katie.
My to-do list is still a mile long. I dont feel like Im ever going to be ready.
Well be ready.
She looked up, startled by the tone of absolute confidence in his voice. At the warmth of his gaze, she looked down. I dont know she trailed off.
I do. Youve worked hard, covered your bases. I know opening day will be a hit.
She concentrated on her fries, drawing circles on her wrapper with a golden tip. She was deeply touched at his faith in her and unsure how to accept it gracefully. I have to clean this place up, arrange the furniture, make sure my deliveries are on schedule, hook up the cash register, make sure the debit card and credit links work Theres so much potential for things to go wrong.
Ric balled up his napkin and tossed it into the paper bag. Success happens when opportunity meets preparation. Youve got the opportunity, and Ive never seen anyone more bent on being prepared. Youll do fine.
She had a difficult time accepting his praise. She stood, avoiding his gaze. Im thirsty. Ive got some iced tea in the cooler. Want one?
Sure.
She took ten deep breaths as she went behind the counter to get the drinks. For the few weeks following their near kiss, shed been able to keep a businesslike distance between them, but now, tonight, hed showed up at the empty restaurant bearing dinner. Shed tried hard not to truly be alone with him. Lord, she had enough to worry about without getting all nerved up over Ric.
She handed him his beverage, turning the bottle to make sure their fingers didnt touch. Why did you come by, really?
To see if you needed help. This is a partnership, you know, and with opening day being so soonI thought I might be of some use. He grinned at her, a crooked little slice that grabbed at her heart. I would have come sooner, but Ive been up to my eyebrows in a new development, and I was out of town for a few days.
Youre of no use to me in that getup. She swigged her tea straight from the bottle and nodded at his jacket, challenging.
Say the word and its gone.
Iced tea started down her windpipe as she choked, and the resulting spate of coughing had Ric laughing with glee. Loosen up, Katie. Youre a bundle of nerves. Relax. Things will go fine.
If only he knew. She tried to scowl at him as she re-capped the bottle. It wasnt opening day making her nervous right now. It was him, and his GQ appearance, his chocolate eyes with the delicious crinkles at the corners. He was still smiling as he wiggled off his tie and put his suit jacket over the back of the chair. Her throat closed over. Could he possibly know how much she wanted him? She hoped not. Things were difficult enough.
What can I do? He rolled his sleeves back, revealing tanned, muscular arms.
Theres a vacuum in the back. You can clean up the dust while I get the paint.
Consider it done.
They worked together for an hour, talking little, and the physical labor dispelled some of the tension throbbing through Katies body. Ric sometimes sang softly along with the radio. Once, Katie looked over her shoulder as she filled the roller with terra-cotta paint and saw his butt give a little wiggle with the music as he leaned over to unplug the vacuum. She snorted but turned back, concentrating on the wall when Ric spun to see what was funny.
What are you laughing at?
She concentrated on smoothing the roller over the wall, struggling to keep a straight face. Oh, nothing.
Like hell. He wound the cord up to the vacuum and sauntered over. Tell me.
Nope. I dont even remember, she replied, her face deadpan.
A sash brush covered in red paint appeared two inches from her cheek. She froze.
You have a problem with my dancing?
Roll, roll, went the paint on the wall.
The brush tipped her cheek, leaving a splotch of paint.
She spun, her eyes full of fun as she lifted the roller menacingly. Bad move, preppy boy.
He laughed, brandishing the brush to keep her back. You wouldnt dare.
She stalked him, pinning him with the feral gleam in her eyes. How much did that shirt cost you, Ric? Pocket change, right?
Look, dont do anything cr
He didnt get a chance to finish. She caught up with him and, cool as a cucumber, rolled the paint from his chest to his navel while his mouth dropped open.
She backed off, covering her mouth with a hand, shocked at her behaviour and laughing at the amazed expression on his face.
His eyebrows gathered menacingly as his lips curved up in a cunning smile. Without saying a word, he undid the top button of his shirt. The second and the third.
Panic bubbled inside her. Shed imagined him shirtless in her fantasies but she wasnt ready for the reality. She got the distinct feeling she was playing with fire and about to get burned, big time. She caught a glimpse of dark chest hair as his fingers reached the fourth button, and she stammered, Wh-what are you doing?
Youve ruined my shirt, he stated matter-of-factly. Im taking it off.
You cant do that, she blurted out, spinning away to put her roller back in the tray. She heard his mocking laughter behind her and cursed silently, hating the fact he knew exactly what buttons to push to knock her off-balance. Thankfully, when she turned back, he had his shirt buttoned again, the paint already drying to a darker brick color against the light background.
Thankfully, Ric didnt push the issue and the joke was over. She began wiping down the counters, filled a bucket with soapy water, and they started cleaning and arranging tables. Ric found a stud in the wall and hung the daily specials board, a wood-framed chalkboard. Katie put a box of chalk on the counter beside it, took out one long piece and wrote:
OPENING SPECIALS
That was all. She already knew what the specials would be, but shed write them on Monday morning when she opened for the very first time. She put the chalk down, brushed off her hands and stood back.
Its starting to look like a restaurant around here. Ric shoved his hands in his pockets and surveyed the room. You were right about the colors. Its warm and inviting. I like the furniture too. Heavy as the dickens, though. The table and chairs were constructed of iron, like patio chairs in a small caf. Shed tried very hard to make it casually intimate, despite the cafeteria-style method of service. Shed added a wider sill to the large front window and potted trees and plants were waiting to sit there, beneath the neon Open sign.
I like it, too.
Well. Ric looked around and then checked his watch. Its nearly ten. Thats a good evenings work.
Ten, already? With Ric standing near, her body felt energized, her mind alert. Her senses were sharper somehow and she was anything but sleepy, even though she knew she needed rest if she didnt want to be a zombie on opening day.
The time went fast, she offered lamely.
A slow song came on the radio, and when Ric smiled at her, Katies resolve faltered. Dont ask me to dance, she prayed.
Wanna dance?
Oh, shoot.
He held out a hand and she didnt know what to do. Her hesitation must have been obvious because Ric looked at her meaningfully and cajoled, Its just a dance, Katie. Weve done it before.
Of course. At the country club. Theyd been teenagers and two out of a handful of young people there. Occasionally, theyd be pressed into dancing. It hadnt been unpleasant. But Ric hadnt raised her temperature then, not as he did now.
She put her hand in his and her body shivered as he took her into his arms. He pressed his hand against her waist, drawing her closer as they circled the floor with tiny steps. Beat by beat, all her resolve melted until she leaned into him and rested her head lightly on his right shoulder. He brought their hands in so they touched his chest, and she felt the erratic beating of his heart against her fingers. His body was warm and hard, and for the first time in years, Katie felt secure in anothers arms, like she was cherished and protected.
It was easy to rest here, to let herself forget how hard it was to prove herself. She forgot all the disparaging words and skeptical looks when shed said she was starting her own business. She could escape that loathsome titleGirl Most Likely to Have Funand simply be Katie, the woman. She hadnt ever been that person before, and it filled her with sweetness.
The song ended, but she was still in his arms, her eyes closed, feeling his chest rise and fall with his breathing as their feet still shuffled along. The DJ droned on and commercials blared through the speakers, but it didnt register. Ric dropped his head and she felt his lips against her hair as he kissed the top of her dusty head.
Katie, he whispered. Without warning, he dipped his head farther and captured her lips with his.
They were warm and persuasive, tinted with the taste of iced tea. He slipped his tongue inside and she met it, letting him take the lead and following willingly. Their feet stopped moving and they stood still while she slid her arms up over his shoulder blades.
It was all shed imagined and more. He was firm but gentle, solid and sure, and his quiet command of her mouth made her feel more feminine than she had in a long time. Kissing Ric just fit.
He moved his hand from her shoulder down, down to capture her breast in his palm.
It was as if shed been doused by a bucket of cold water. She pulled away from him, out of the spell and away from the warmth of his arms. She hugged her elbows close to her sides.
His expression was unreadable. Sorry. Didnt mean to break the rules.
Didnt you?
He laughed tightly. Maybe. But you werent exactly fighting me off. You wanted to as much as I did.
But it was exactly what she wanted and not what she needed. He couldnt possibly know that, nor could she tell him and give him the power of that knowledge. Blessedly, Katies cell phone rang, preventing her from having to come up with a response when she was completely rattled. Excuse me a moment.
She answered, spoke for a minute and then put her hand over the mouthpiece and said, Its the transport company. Weve got problems with a shipment I have to sort out. She turned back to the phone and disappeared into the back of the building and the office housed there, leaving him standing in the middle of the dusty floor alone.

When she came back ten minutes later, he had tidied up the tables and chairs and put the vacuum behind the counter. His hands were covered with red paint as he washed up the paint tray in the huge stainless steel sink.
Youre still here, she said, surprised.
There was work to do, and its late. He concentrated on cleaning the roller, squeezing out all the water and paint.
I didnt expect she faltered.
He smiled to himself. That was her problem. She didnt expect. She didnt have any expectations. She was used to people walking away. He knew firsthand how that felt. But he wasnt walking away from her, either professionally or personally.
Just giving you a demonstration, he replied, drying his hands on a paper towel and tossing it in the garbage can.
Of what?
Putting the tray away neatly, he went back out in front of the counter and grabbed his suit coat. Mixing business and pleasure, he replied, tossing her a quick smile. He left but couldnt resist calling out behind him, See you at the opening.
Chapter Seven

What had he been thinking? Ric gripped the steering wheel and shook his head, calling himself a fool. Showing up at the restaurant had been one thing. Theyd worked together just fine. The little paint interlude had been fun too, like a bit of teenage foreplay. Hed enjoyed making her squirm a little, and he smiled in remembrance. Then that song had come on the radio, and shed looked beautiful, all covered in paint and dust. He hadnt had any choice but to ask her to dance.
What an idiot. Katie had made it perfectly clear she wasnt willing for there to be anything more between them, and the first time he got the chance, he had her in his arms.
And damn, it had felt good. Worse than that, it had felt right. Hed kissed the daylights out of her, touched her, and shed frozen. When her cell phone had rung, hed taken the opportunity to try to show her he could still be her partner while wanting something more.
He slapped a hand on the wheel, speeding up as he climbed the hill towards his house in the near darkness. They were business partners. And they worked together well. He could tell already that things were running without a hitch. Why would he jeopardize that, risk having her turn him away for good?
He pressed a button and the garage door slid slowly open. The answer was simple.
He rested his head on the wheel briefly as the door slid down and quieted. He was as attracted to Katie now as he had been ten years ago, and he still somehow hoped he stood some kind of a chance to be with her. Perhaps many would ask why, if they only looked at the surface. But he knew the real Katie, the compassionate girl who had made an awkward boy feel important. The woman who had insecurities about herself and was working hard to overcome them.
Perhaps he should cut his losses and move on, work on making the Pick and Choose successful and forget about anything deeper with Katie. He hadnt totally shaken off the feelings of Ric Emerson, class geek. He still felt awkward most of the time, still thought mostly of business, and no matter how hard he tried, he still saw flaws when he looked in the mirror. He shut the door to the car and shouldered his briefcase. Stupid, stupid fool.
Now he was bound to her for who knew how longall the time wanting what he could never have. Shed been clear. Convincing her otherwise was a huge task, even if she did seem to be fighting her feelings every time they turned around. He knew for a fact that you couldnt demand feelings from someone who didnt have them to give.
As Gilligan meowed and twined around his legs, Ric had the thought that he really should get out more and perhaps try dating again. He hadnt done much of that in recent years, keeping himself to friendly dates to fundraisers and various functions. In university, hed been initiated into a social and sexual life, but it hadnt been satisfying. And hed never had a long-term relationship. He always feared that a woman would see behind his new looks and success and see the unsure teenager beneath. Hardly attractive. Hed been the one who couldnt give his heart to another woman. He hadnt found a woman worthy of it, or perhaps he simply didnt think he was worthy of giving it.
He supposed the only way to conquer his insecurity was to face it, and perhaps dating could be fun. How was he ever going to find the right person if he didnt even look?
He poured food into Gilligans bowl and rolled down the top of the bag. Problem was he didnt have to look. He had only ever been truly interested in one woman. Why couldnt he have her? Just because he used to be a math dork with few social skills and skinny legs didnt mean he didnt have a lot to offer. Shed seen beyond that image once. Perhaps he could convince her to abandon her embargo on business relationships.
What he needed was a plan. A step-by-step plan to show her how much he cared, to make her realize he was the kind of man she needed and could trust.
That was it. Hed make her see he was the kind of man who would love and cherish her and respect her for who she was, without that ridiculous label. He needed to show her she could be a success on her own and their relationship could be separate, taking nothing away from her accomplishments. He needed her to see him for who he was, the way he saw her. Hed forgiven her for turning him down before, even if he hadnt forgotten. Now he had to show her he wanted the woman shed become.
Motivated, he grabbed a tablet and pen. A plan. Yes, that was it. When you embarked on a new venture, you first needed a solid plan with contingencies built in. That he knew how to do.
A smile split his face as he felt on familiar ground once more. 

Katie collapsed on the sofa, exhausted yet still completely wound up. She tucked her hair into a messy ponytail. Opening day had been a hit, a few glitches here and there, a few things that needed smoothing out, but overall, a success.
She pulled her knees into her chest, her light cotton pajama bottoms brushing her cheek as she lowered her head with a sigh. Thank God, shed hired Jenna and Karen. Both had worked with her before and she knew exactly what would entice them away from their current jobs. A work day that ended no later than nine, decent pay, a friendly environmentand theyd worked out splendidly so far. Jenna knew how to cook up a storm while Karen manned the register, took orders and cleared tables. Katie had kept everything running smoothly, taking notes and doing a bit of everything during the day.
Now, at nine-thirty, she was exhausted and happy. Her feet ached but her heart was full of hope. The trembling trepidation shed experienced turning on the Open sign and unlocking the door was gone. Shed been terrified no one would show up. Instead, at lunchtime shed been swampedevery chair had been filled for over an hour and takeout orders had been steady.
Her stomach rumbled and she realized that, despite owning a restaurant, shed forgotten to eat dinner. Around two, shed grabbed the last square from a pan of lasagna and a bottle of water. What she needed now was a long bath and something to eat. She had to be up at five-thirty and at the Pick and Choose before seven.
There was a knock at the door and she sighed. What in the world was someone doing here now? Looking out the judas hole she saw Ric standing there in his ever-present dark suit. She slid the chain back from the door and opened it.
Hi, she said, holding the edge of the door with her right hand.
Hi yourself. Sorry I missed today. We had an accident on the site and I had to be there. Brought you a present, though. He was all charm and goodwill as he smiled down at her and her annoyance melted away. Briefly, she resented the fact that he could do that to her with only a smile.
Come in, she offered, but it came out with little warmth.
You look exhausted. How did it go? He stepped into the dining area and put a bottle of champagne on the table as well as a plastic bag.
We were busy. Really busy, she added and couldnt help but give a little laugh of wonder. Im beat, but we did okay. The place was packed at lunch.
Congratulations. I knew you could do it.
Not without your backing. She folded her hands in front of her. He would show up while she looked a fright. Oh well. She was too tired to be overly concerned about her appearance.
Ric stepped forward, close enough she smelled his expensive cologne. Close enough she could reach out and touch him.
All you needed was money and a little direction. All the hard work, the vision, was you, Katie. He tucked a piece of hair behind her ear and her pulse leaped as his fingers grazed her neck.
I knew I could do it, but Id hear all the voices of people telling me I was crazy and Id start doubting.
Of course you did. Youre human. He dropped his hand and put it in his pocket. But you carried on, followed through.
His gaze delved deeply into hers as he offered her the one thing she desperately needed.
Im proud of you, Katie.
Tears stung her eyes and she looked down. Not once had someone given her those words, such unqualified validation. Her throat swelled and she didnt trust herself to speak.
Was that patronizing? I didnt mean it to be. I am proud of you. It takes a lot to rise above your insecurities and build something from the beginning.
She cleared her throat. Like you did?
He smiled then, and the warmth of it snuggled around her.
Im glad you noticed. I admire your determination. I know its not easy. But I didnt mean to make you cry. He tilted up her chin with a finger.
Its okay, she replied, taking a deep breath and shaking off his hand, showing him she was fine. I got a little emotional. Im tired and its been a long day. You run on adrenaline so long and then when its gone, you sort of lose it.
I should have realized. He stepped away, gesturing lamely at the table. I brought champagne and fruit, thinking we could celebrate, but youre clearly not in the mood for it.
The thought of kicking back with some high-quality bubbly and Ric had a certain appeal. But Katie was sure that after a glass or two, shed do something stupid like let down her guard and, at the very least, kiss him again, or let him touch her the way hed started to the other night.
Thanks for understanding. Right now all I want is a bath and bed.
Liar, her inner voice taunted. Her cheeks colored as her innocent words took on an intimate meaning. His eyes pinned her for a long moment and she tucked her fingers into her palms to keep from reaching out to him.
Why dont you sit down, and let me take care of everything, he suggested. He took her arms and pushed her down on to the sofa again. Relax and give me ten minutes.
She narrowed her eyes, suspicious. What are you up to?
I left you to shoulder the burden of opening day. Now Im being a good business partner and trying to make up for it.
He disappeared into the bathroom and seconds later, she heard water running and a cupboard door opening and closing. The sound of the water filling the tub had a rhythmic quality and her eyes grew heavy as she listened.
Ric came back to the living room and looked around for a moment.
Nice flowers, he commented, looking at a bouquet of red roses on the table.
From Dad and Mom. They sent them today as a congratulations.
May I? He hovered his fingers over a few scarlet blossoms and Katie nodded, wary. What was he going to do with roses?
Sleepy, she burrowed into the cushions and dozed, dimly aware of Ric rummaging through her kitchen. It seemed like only seconds later when he gently shook her shoulder.
Katie, he murmured, and she opened her eyes.
He was leaning over her and desire pierced her. She fought the urge to grab the end of his tie and pull him down on top of her where he belonged.
Instead, he straightened and held out a hand. Your bath awaits.
Her heart began to pound as she took his hand and let him lead her down the hall. What had he done in her tiny bathroom? And was he seducing her? It was hard to tell with Riche was all long looks and light touches. With all the desire snapping between them like sparks, she wasnt sure what he wanted or expected tonight. She wasnt sure what she wanted or expected, either.
Katie turned the corner into the bathroom and caught her breath.
Three thick candles sat on the dark-green vanity, their flickering light reflected in the mirror. The calming scent of her lavender bath salts wafted on the moist air and she saw rose petals floating on the water. Her white clothes hamper was pulled close to the edge of the tub, an empty glass and small plate of strawberries and grapes arranged on its top. While her mouth hung open, Ric stepped ahead, undid the wrapper at the top of the bottle and deftly popped the cork. He filled the single glass half-full and put the bottle on the floor beside the hamper.
Turning, he met her wide-eyed gaze and she wondered frantically what came nextwhat she wanted to happen or what she knew should happen.
He took one step, then another, and a third that took him to her side. Get some rest, he whispered, reaching out to squeeze her forearm and dropping the merest hint of a kiss on her cheek.
He left her there in the bathroom, alone with the warm scents and dusky stillness. Still shocked, she heard the front door shut behind him and she let out a gigantic breath.
Hed done all this for her, expecting nothing in return. Wasnt that a novel thing, now? A half smile curved her lips. Rose petals and champagne and candles. She peeled off her camisole top and slid out of her pajama pants. Dipping one toe in the water, she watched the circles move away from her foot, making the petals rise and fall on the tiny waves. She got all the way in and reached for the champagne, sampled a strawberry.
And wished she were a stronger woman. Because God help her, she was wishing Ric had never walked out that door tonight, and that wasnt good.

Rics absence on opening day turned out to be an anomaly. Katie knew and understood he had a large business to run and didnt expect him to show up every day. Yet after the first day, he called her at least once daily, asking how things were going, if she needed any assistance with anything. In addition to Daves lawyering skills, Ric had also offered ELDCs top accountant to look after the restaurant books. Katie looked after the day-to-day bookkeeping, but a woman named Christine Phim would take care of the bigger, more complicated things. The day before theyd opened, Ric had even sent Christine over for a morning to make sure Katie had everything set up on the computer properly.
Theyd been open one week and Katie was still putting in fifteen-hour days. She was there for breakfast, handling it by herself. At eleven, Jenna and Karen showed up, and they prepared for the lunch rush.
At two, when things calmed down, she disappeared in the office to do business, re-emerging at four-thirty to get cooking for the supper crowd. Shed anticipated correctlytheir supper volume was much less than lunch. After they closed at eight, she did up the deposit while the other girls cleaned up and prepared for morning. Soon she would leave the dinner hours to Jenna and Karen and shed be able to cut back her workload a bit. And she had to hire more help. Even though they were closed on Sundays, Jenna and Karen couldnt be expected to work six days a week. Shed asked them for recommendations of suitable people and had set up four interviews for this afternoon.
She was in the middle of putting up two takeout orders, placing them in two takeaway containers and adding Caesar salad to the side, when she discovered Rics eyes watching her warmly.
Her lips curved up in welcome as she slid the containers over the counter to her patrons. They murmured their thanks and departed. She stepped back, allowing Ric to come behind the counter through the pass-through. What are you doing here? Arent you busy running an empire?
He grinned. Youre in a good mood. Business seems to be brisk.
It is. We may actually turn a profit. She spun to retrieve a meal-sized salad from the refrigerator behind her and handed it to Karen.
I thought Id check up on youin person. He was out of his suit today, dressed in khaki cotton pants and a white golf shirt. The shirt set off the darkness of his tan and the sleek black of his hair, and her stomach started the queer fluttering that happened every time he was near. Staring up at him, she had a fleeting memory of his hand on her arm as they stood in her steamy bathroom, bathed in candlelight.
Katie? I need the next pan of risotto. Jennas voice interrupted and Katie turned away from Ric, embarrassed to be caught so obviously distracted.
Sure. Im on it, she replied, leaving Ric standing awkwardly in the middle of the work area.
When she came back, he was handing a bottle of iced tea to a patron. What are you doing?
Helping, what does it look like?
Jenna removed the old steel pan of rice and chicken and took it to the back while Katie slid the new one over the steaming water to keep it hot. You dont have to do that.
Youve got them lined up to the door, Ric pointed out, and sure enough, when Katie looked up, the last person in line was holding the door open.
Well, all right. Have you worked in a restaurant before?
At the shake of his head, she scanned the busy dining area. Do you think you can you work the tables? Theres a dishpan for dirty dishes, a cloth for wiping and make sure the napkins and condiments are filled.
He gave her a smart salute, grabbed a plain white waitress apron from beneath the counter and took the dishpan from Karens hands, leaving her free to take orders and run the register.
Katie watched him out of the corner of her eye as she put up orders. He was doing well for a corporate executive. And the apron tied around his slim hips only added to his masculinity instead of detracting from it. Her intention to keep Ric at arms length wasnt working very well today, and she hoped he didnt make a habit of coming in with the idea of helping. It sure didnt help her resolve at all.
He loaded dishes, took the cloth from the pocket of the apron and wiped the table clean, organized the salt and peppers and napkins neatly and moved on to the next table. Someone had left a tip and she laughed to herself as he held the coins in his hands, debating, and then put them in the apron pocket. The millionaire cashing in on a two-dollar tip.
With Karen dedicated to taking orders and running the cash register, things ticked along like a good watch and the line was under control. She hadnt envisioned Ric being a hands-on sort of partner, and seeing him working around their restaurant made her realize how much their lives were intertwined.
Her hands moved automatically to fill the next takeout container. If she wanted to keep her distance, it would be better if she kept the day-to-day running of the Pick and Choose to herself and let Ric focus on the administration. That had been their agreement, after all. She frowned as he chatted to a customer, smiling and laughing. Too irresistible by far. She turned her attention to the orders flooding her way, determined to keep her mind off Ric.
When she looked up again, Jenna was putting up the last order and the clock said one-twenty. The worst of the rush was over and traffic would be lighter now. Wiping her hands on her apron, she spied Ric at a table. He had six napkin holders in front of him and a paper-bound stack of napkins to his right. The man was a multimillionaire with a successful land-development company, yet he seemed content to stuff napkins into metal holders. Her respect for him grew even through her personal misgivings of having him close.
She filled a plate with risotto and salad and grabbed a bottle of water. Reaching his table, she put it down as he finished the last napkin holder. The pay kind of sucks, but the fringe benefits are good.
He smiled at her then and pulled the plate closer. Ive been smelling your risotto for over an hour. I hope it tastes as good as it smells.
Katie took the holders and placed them on the tables, and when she turned back, Jenna was handing her a plate. You need to eat too. Go keep your partner company.
Katie took it with gratitude. Shed grabbed a piece of fruit mid-morning while starting the lunch prep, and she was famished. Thanks. Make sure you grab something too.

Ric saw her take the plate and hoped it meant she was going to join him. Hed watched her working. Her hands flew as she put up orders. The food was fresh and hot, salads crisp and cool, and she smiled easily at each and every customer. She had been right all along. She could do this, and she was darn good at it. The business she could learn. The way she cooked, offered servicethat was her niche. Shed taken her friendly, outgoing personality from her youth and added a maturity to it, and he was quite taken with the result.
Katie sat across from Ric and dipped into her food. Thanks for your help today. It was crazy and having an extra pair of hands was great.
Im very pleased its so busy. The risotto is great, by the way. He chewed another forkful and leaned back in his chair. Hed never cleared tables before, or filled salt shakers. Hed worked summers at the golf course and during the year hed done some campus policing for spare cash. He wasnt sure hed want to bus tables every day, but it had almost been fun. He certainly didnt think Katie needed to carry all the burden of day-to-day operationsand helping out kept him close to her.
Im a partner, dont forget that, Katie. I cant be here all the time but I dont mind helping out when I can.
Youve done too much already, she murmured, her eyes focused on her plate. I never intended to pull you away from your own business.
He sighed, frustrated.
Katie, Im not doing you any favors, you know. I wanted a partnership because I wanted to be involved, he replied, his tone clipped with impatience. Never mind the fact he could take every opportunity to make her see how good they could be together. He softened his voice. I dont expect you to do everything.
Youve provided me with your lawyer and accountant, she reminded him. Thats a big thing too.
Ive provided us with Mark and Christine, because it made sense.
Still
Why are you determined not to accept help from me? He put down his water bottle and leaned forward, resting his elbows on the table. Dont you think I can see how hard youre working? I know how many hours it takes to start up a business. We open at seven, and I bet youre here well before that. And youre here until closing, arent you? Theres no time for anything but work for the first while. There are kinks to iron out. When was the last time you did something for fun?
She chuckled. I dont remember, unless you call painting and shopping for equipment fun.
You see? Let me help when I can. And for Gods sake, eat. Youre becoming skin and bones.
She blushed at his criticism, but he continued on. He missed her lush curves, to be honest. Youre running a restaurant focused on good health. Doctors do make the worst patients, dont they?
I promise Ill eat better. She sounded like a disciplined child and his lips quirked at her petulant tone.
Im going to hold you to it. Even if I have to come in and make sure you do. He stacked his plate and took hers too. This is the end of my busboy duty for today. I have a meeting at two-thirty, and I cant be late.
Why didnt you say something? She rose and took the dishes out of his hands. I could have gotten you lunch to go, or
Relax. I just dont want to lose my tee time.
He knew she realized he was teasing because her lips pursed up with annoyance and he laughed outright at her expression. Big deal coming up. Best done over eighteen holes. Ill let him win, naturally.
Naturally.
Conspiratorially, he leaned over and whispered, Figuring out your opponent and what they want is the key. You can find the best way to give them what they want while ultimately getting what you want.
He walked away, but at the door he turned for a final goodbye. She pressed her fingers to her lips and giggled.
Um, Ric? She stared pointedly at his midsection. You might want to leave the apron here.
He looked down, blushing as he realized he was still wearing the white apron. While he untied it, she teased him further, following him to the open door. Oh, and that tip you got might come in handy when you get your clubs cleaned.
Her smile was wide and he caught a glimpse of the old carefree Katie hed been missing.
He folded the apron, leaving the tip inside, and put it in her hands. See you tomorrow, he murmured in her ear, treating her to an outrageous wink as he swung out the door.
Chapter Eight

It was time for stage two.
Ric pushed back from his desk and checked his watch. Eleven thirty-two. He had time to head over to the restaurant, pitch in for an hour or so and then hit her with the invitation when her guard was down.
For the past two weeks, hed popped into the Pick and Choose several times. Hed taken a client there for lunch, had picked up dinner for himself another night, had shown up during the lunch rush and bussed tables again. Karen had even shown him how to use the register. He now had his own apron beneath the counter.
Because of this effort, he knew Katie was beginning to realize he was as committed to the day-to-day operations of their venture as she was. She was also relaxing around him more. It was in the way she held her body, the easy way her smile lit up her face when he came in the door. Less rigid and more welcomingeven, dare he think ithappy to see him.
He jogged down the stairs to the bottom floor of the building and walked out into the bright August sunshine, anticipating seeing her again today. Stepping inside the restaurant was the best part of his day, the one time where everything felt right. Every time he walked through the door, her customary smile of greeting warmed him to his toes. His steps quickened as he turned a corner, getting closer to the woman who consumed his thoughts more than he cared to admit. He frowned slightly, feeling the heat rise up from the concrete sidewalk. He had to be smarter than this. He couldnt expect everything to blithely go his way simply because he wanted it to. Its not like hed spent the last decade pining over her. But she was here now, and he could at least admit to himself that hed had a thing for her then, and he cared even more for her now.
Katie mustnt know how completely he was invested. Shed surely run. But hed take his time, make her care for him the way he cared about her. It was similar to finessing a client to coming around to his way of thinking. He stopped with his fingers on the handle of the door. The big difference, of course, was that if a client went the other way, Ric was only out money. If Katie walked away, shed take something far more valuable with her. Despite her intentions, they were emotionally involved. And he was kidding himself if he thought everything would fall into place according to his schedule.
He opened the door, and the ray of sunshine greeted him again.
Youre just in time, she called as she slapped a slice of twelve-grain bread on a turkey sandwich, slid a knife through it, cut it into two triangles and snapped it into a plastic container. She handed it to the waiting customer and her grin flashed like lightning. Were busier than a one-armed paper hanger. Grab an apron and pitch in.
He angled her an amused look, raising an eyebrow as he wrapped the ties around his hips. Youre unusually happy today.
We had our best sales day ever yesterday. The new girl is working out fabulously. I got eight uninterrupted hours of sleep last night.
Wow, three for three, Ric replied, grabbing his dishpan and lifting the pass-through. He hit the first table with a smile. His timing couldnt be more perfect.
The hour flew by. Ric cleaned tables, refilled what was low and loaded and ran the dishwasher. He restocked the takeout supplies from beneath the counter. Karen ran to the washroom and he took over taking orders and running the cash seamlessly.
Land deals were exciting, housing projects awesome to see develop, but these days nothing gave him as much pleasure as the hands-on work here at the Pick and Choose. It filled him with such a simple sense of accomplishment, something he hadnt truly felt since the first days of starting ELDC. He was starting to realize his enjoyment came from building the business, not simply running a successful one. Getting his hands dirty and watching a venture grow.
The rush tempered and then dwindled. Katie was busily jotting notes, what needed to be ordered and what to increase and decrease to balance food stocks. Ric unwrapped his apron and folded it neatly.
What do you have planned for Sunday? he asked.
Katies head snapped up, and for the first time, Ric saw her expression grow guarded. He would have to be very careful and play this just right.
Nothing. Rest.
How about brunch? He made his motions deliberately casual, tucking his apron in the usual place and helping himself to a drink from the cooler. He popped the top off a bottle of raspberry lemonade and leaned his hips against the Formica counter top. Mom and Dad are having their anniversary thing this weekend. Dads making his famous corn fritters.
II dont know.
Come on, its only brunch, he cajoled lightly. Your parents are coming, and I know Mom and Dad would love to see you. They havent in years, and they know were in this venture together.
He could tell she wanted to refuse but didnt know how. I can pick you up at ten. Theres brunch and presents and cake. Besides, I always get a little grief when I come to these things alone. Youd be doing me a big favor.
I suppose I could come. Her voice was reluctant and she refused to meet his eyes.
Relief flooded him as she capitulated. If she reconnected with his family, perhaps it would help her see how connected they too could be. And I promise you wont have to cook. Moms already wrangled me into manning the omelet station.
Katie looked up, her eyes soft with wistful nostalgia. It will be nice to see them again. Her smile teased a little. Your cooking Im not too sure of.
They always liked you, you know. Theyve heard so much about you since we started the restaurant, theyll probably talk your head off.
Katie raised her hand, fluttering her list a little. Ive got to get back to the office for a while. But I guess Ill see you Sunday.
She patted his arm gently as she passed by and it burned from the touch.
Oh, you definitely will, he murmured to himself, sticking his empty bottle in the recycle bin, a hopeful smile playing on his lips.
She didnt even realize it, but shed essentially agreed to the next step of his planreconnecting with his family, seeing how much she belonged.


Katie changed clothes four times before finally settling on a feminine, flowing tank-style dress in white with a light pattern of pink and blue flowers. She slipped her feet into white, open-toed pumps. In the bathroom, she fussed with her hairstyle again. Nothing seemed right, and she cursed herself quietly for being nervous about a simple brunch. Shed attended several at the Emerson home in the past, why was this one any different?
Because she was falling for Ric, that was why. And that changed everything.
She pulled the sides of her hair back and fastened them with a simple gold clip, leaving the rest to flow over her shoulders. She was uncertain about seeing his parents again. The last time shed seen them was right after graduation. They had to know shed rejected their son once before. Their families had run in the same circles, yet after their fallout, Katie had made a point of never attending any of the same functions, even though she and Ric had always suffered through the gatherings together. What would they think of her now? Did they think she was after his money? Using him for her business? That they were romantically involved?
Or, heaven forbid, all of the above?
Chewing her lip, she considered changing her jewelry when the security buzzer rang, making her jump.
Well, there was no time now. She turned away from the mirror and grabbed her purse. Shed have to do just as she was.
She opened the lobby door and stopped, staring at Ric.
Heart-stoppingly gorgeous. In casual khaki pants and a light-blue, untucked tailored shirt, he looked like a magazine ad for casual wear. It wasnt fair for him to look so very handsome when she was trying terribly hard to keep things platonic between them. It wasnt right that just by looking down at her, he made her breath catch and her pulse flutter when she was determined to focus on the business.
Hi, she said, the word coming out strangled as she stared at him. Every nerve ending in her body came alive the moment his lips curved up.
You look beautiful.
And his simple words made her feel beautiful. Ric held out a hand and she took it, feeling the jolt of the contact clear up her arm and into her core. Holding hands, for Petes sake. It was so junior high, and she hadnt realized she could still have such complicated feelings over a simple gesture. But nothing about Ric was simplenot their past, nor their current relationship, nor her feelings for him and their situation.
He led her to his car and she realized abruptly that in the months since theyd reconnected, shed never driven with him. It hadnt been intentional, but theyd never actually gone anywhere together. It added to the feeling that this was a date, and Katie was already uncomfortable with that impression.
The car suited the man, she thought as he opened her door and closed it after she slid her ankles inside. It wasnt flashy. At first glance, it was a nice black sedan. Yet it was more. It was classy and elegant with soft leather interior and rich details. Ric turned the key and the engine hummed to life. This was no grannys car, Katie realized as they left the lot and headed for highway. This car had more power than Ric needed. It was a stealthy machine in a conservative wrapping. She thought briefly of Rics bedroom and the opulent dcor, wondering if he was the samea sleek cat beneath his perfect executive exterior. Now here she was, stuck in an enclosed area, so close to him the scent of his cologne tickled her nostrils and she had no means of escape.
There was more to Ric Emerson than shed ever realized, and she could not remain immune to the implications of that.
Moms happy youre coming, his voice broke into her thoughts.
I havent seen her in years, Katie replied, glad of the distraction, turning her gaze from the window to his face. Has she changed?
Not a bit. Rics crooked smile was affectionate. She still pretends to run the roost, but really she just dotes on Dad. And shes still terrifyingly efficient.
Katie laughed. Carole Emersons parties always ran like clockwork. Perfectly timed, a masterpiece of organization and planning. Katie had always liked her despite her gruff manner. She knew a heart of gold lay beneath her brisk exterior.
I remember your sixteenth birthday. Katie laughed at Rics rueful expression. It was a lovely dinner party.
She invited a half-dozen people I hardly knew and made us play croquet on the lawn.
Katie snickered. Now come on. It was fun. We had a lovely meal and pink lemonade.
Bah! Pink lemonade for a teenage boys party. His lip curled as he put on his signal and turned into an exit, heading west.
A cooler of beer probably would have been more popular.
Ric looked over, his face scrunched with irritation. She laughed out loud, knowing he was half annoyed at the memory and half annoyed at her clear enjoyment of his discomfort.
It doesnt matter. They were kids of friends of my parents. I didnt have many friends.
Katies face sobered. Ric had been lonely as a boy. Looking at him now made it easy to forget. He was handsome, successful, at ease.
How did you do it? How did you change so much?
He looked away from her and his lips thinned. She waited.
After several seconds, he answered, still staring at the road straight ahead. Sheer force of will. I learned if I wanted something only I could make it happen.
Its amazing, you know.
He turned back to her again as they stopped at a traffic light. You think so?
Absolutely.
Hmmm. He ignored the light and looked at her as if trying to sort a puzzle. Youd be surprised. Im really not that different.
Katie didnt laugh. She saw he was deadly serious and she wasnt sure what to say. Shed been involved with changing her own image and had never considered the personal implications of Rics own transformation.
The car started forward and Katie stared over at his profile. If youre not different, then youre doing a damned good impression.
He didnt answer.
He wasnt the only one acting. Katie leaned back in her seat and contemplated the transformational changes shed made to her life. On the outside, she seemed confident. At the restaurant she certainly looked like she knew what she was doing. The daily register tapes said the Pick and Choose was well on its way to success. Yet deep down, she was still terrified of failing. Still trying to break free from the perception that she wasnt made of substantial stuff.
Outside, she was a budding entrepreneur.
Inside, she was a scared girl who felt constantly out of her league. Like she was playing and imagining she was Entrepreneur Barbie with Ken by her side, and at any moment shed be called back to realityno, Katie, youre not that girl. What were you thinking?
As Ric turned into the driveway of the family home, her discomfort doubled.
Her parents were coming. His parents were here. She and Ric were business partners.
But this was a date, and she knew it. They could swear it was all business until they were blue in the face, but she knew every time she looked into his eyes he had feelings for her, as she did for him. And it terrified her.
Ric led her to the side of the house and through an iron gate, heading towards the backyard. Katie heard voices talking and laughing, and her stomach tumbled. She desperately hoped people didnt automatically assume they were a couple. She hadnt gone through everything to catch a man. Shed done it to prove she could stand on her own two feet.
She wasnt sure how she could tactfully explain things without it reflecting negatively on Ric. They turned the corner into the garden and she pasted a smile on her face. Ric looked down at her briefly and gave her hand a squeeze of reassurance. Relax, he whispered, leading her first of all to his parents.
They were standing beneath a lovely fabric gazebo. Carole was pouring champagne into a punch bowl of orange juice and Bill dropped dollar-sized amounts of batter on an electric skillet, frying up his signature fritters.
Watch your step, Ric warned, as Katie stepped over a white extension cord. You have no idea, she thought, feeling her hands start to sweat and wiping them as inconspicuously as possible on the skirt of her dress.
Morning, Mom, Dad.
Carole looked up. Ric. We were starting to wonder if you were coming. She stepped forward, up on tiptoes to kiss Rics cheek. She turned to Katie. Im glad you could join us, Katie. Its been too long since you were here.
Happy anniversary, Katie smiled weakly, and Carole folded her in a quick hug.
Thank you, dear. Carole released Katie and stood back, appraising. When Ric said he was bringing you, we were so happy. She beamed at them both.
Mother. Rics voice was a low warning.
Katie forced herself to continue smiling, but Caroles greeting left her uncomfortable. It seemed his mother did consider them a coupleand with Rics quiet admonishment, hed obviously warned her to stay away from the topic.
His warning didnt seem to fizz Carole, however. Now Carole clapped her hands together who wants a mimosa?
Count me in, Katie replied tightly. She was going to need it to get through the rest of the morning.
Carole hadnt changed. She had a little more grey in her hair and a few more crinkles around her eyes, but she was still brisk and energetic. Her white slacks were casual but expensive, paired with a summer sweater in pink and white. For a moment, Katie felt transported back in time, when shed attended a similar brunch her senior year in honor of Rics graduation. Carole had made more of their relationship that day, too.
Carole put a champagne glass in her hand. Your mother and father arent here yet. Let me introduce you around. Ric, she said to her son, there are platters of fruit and pastries inside. Be a dear and bring them out, please.
Katie paused, the glass halfway to her lips. I can help him. Shed rather be helpful than social at this point. It would save answering awkward questions.
Carole pooh-poohed the suggestion. Nonsense. Youre here to enjoy yourself. She guided Katie past the griddle. Bill, look whos here.
Rics father came around front and winked at her. Ah, Katie my love. Havent you grown up. He gave her a quick hug. Hows business?
Katie let out a breath of relief. Bill was as charming as ever, an older version of Ric, his curly hair grey and his brown eyes twinkling down at her. Business is busy, thankfully, she replied. I wouldnt have it any other way.
Good for you, he congratulated. He gestured towards her glass. You should enjoy a few of those. Days off are rare and we must make the most of them. Now, I must get back to my fritters before I burn the batch and Carole gets on my case for not paying attention.
Carole gave her husband a mock slap on the arm and took Katie away again. She introduced Katie to the Jacobses and Katie was grateful that she was introduced as family friend and Rics business partner in a downtown restaurant. Whatever her personal feelings on the matter, Carole had obviously heeded her sons warning and Katie started to relax.
Imelda Jacobs was beginning to ask some uncomfortable questions about Katies partnership with Ric, the wink-wink-nudge-nudge kind, when familiar voices reached her ears and she smiled. Excuse me, she offered politely and detached herself from the conversation to meet her parents.
Mom, Dad, she greeted happily and went forward to give them each a hug and kiss.
Sandy Buick embraced her daughter and then handed her over to her father. Its a shame we have to see you at a social gathering, honey, she chided. You havent been over for weeks. Are you sure youre not working too hard?
Katie smiled. Not at all. I love it. She drew back from her fathers arms. It takes a while to get a new business off the ground.
Mick beamed his approval at her. Youve done us proud, Katie, he said, and Katie felt a small niggle of resentment at the tone of surprise in his voice. When shed planned the venture, her parents had supported her but in a patronizing, indulgent sort of way. Part of why she was doing this was to prove something to them, too.
Well, you certainly look well, Sandy approved, touching the wide strap of Katies dress. She peered into her daughters eyes knowingly. Does it have anything to do with your handsome business partner?
Its the champagne. Rics voice intruded as he passed behind her, his hands filled with a huge platter of fresh fruit. Katie wanted to sink through the manicured grass into oblivion. God, had he heard her mothers last comment? Her parents laughed, but when they looked back at Katie their looks grew knowing.
So am I right? Her mother folded her arms, confident in her assumption.
Katie pulled back. Youre wrong, Mother. Rics my business partner and a friend. Thats all.
Well, whatever you say, darling, Sandy answered, but her tone clearly said she wasnt convinced.
Excuse me, but Im going to see if Carole needs any help. Katie made the excuse and disappeared before they could say more about her and Ric.
The meal was lovely. Small tables were interspersed on the lawn, their white linens brilliant in the summer sun. A small bouquet of fresh flowers from Caroles garden decorated each top. Restless, Katie wandered around the cooking area, watching Ric chat and laugh with family friends as he cooked.
Youre quite good at that, she commented as he masterfully folded an omelet.
High praise indeed coming from the chef, he teased back.
Perhaps I should take over bussing tables and you can cook. She grabbed a plate and tried to decide what shed like in her own.
Not likely. He scooped butter into the pan and looked up. So what do you want in yours?
Everything.
Everything it is. He scooped ham and vegetables into the butter, sauting them lightly, adding the egg batter at just the right moment. Things going okay?
She smiled up at him and her heart thumped as she saw genuine concern on his face. Despite the curious looks and impertinent comments? Im fine, she answered.
Sorry about that.
Are you? She aimed a sharp look at him while he maintained an innocent expression.
Of course. I wanted you to be comfortable here. Cheddar or marble? He held his hand over the bowls of shredded cheese, waiting for her selection.
Marble, please. She frowned at him as he added the cheese, slid the spatula beneath the egg and folded it, the golden-brown bottom now on the top. Why dont I believe you? Why do I think you did this to put me on the spot?
Rics brows snapped together. Lighten up, Katie. Do you seriously think Id do something like this to torture you? Our families used to socialize quite a bit. I thought it would be nice if you were included. It would probably seem odder if you werent here. He sounded annoyed and a little hurt, and she shrunk beneath his chastisement.
Im sorry. I guess Im a little sensitive.
His gaze warmed again, to her relief. She didnt like feeling like she was in Rics bad graces.
Youre forgiven, he said, slipping the omelet on her plate. Make sure you grab some of Dads fritters. Hell be hurt if you dont.
She started to walk away when he called her back. Katie? I am sorry about the speculation. And Im awfully glad you came.
She didnt know what to say, so she moved on to the next table to collect her fritters.
Ric finally had a chance to eat, and when the breakfast dishes were removed, Bill and Carole opened the few presents on the gift table. Ric gave them a beautifully framed picture of the three of them from years earlier, when he was a young boy and they had vacationed in British Columbia. The sentimental gift earned him a kiss from his mother. One by one, the gifts were opened until only her card remained.
Katie hadnt had any money for expensive gifts, neither did she know what to get a couple on their thirtieth anniversary, let alone a couple she hadnt seen in ten years. Now next to the others, her gift seemed small and insignificant, and her face flamed.
From Katie, Carole said, loud enough that everyone could hear, and Katie wanted to evaporate. A personal gift made it look like she and Ric were close. She didnt know how to explain their relationship was only business without it looking like she was spurning him yet again. And somehow it felt like lying, because her feelings for Ric were growing stronger and she needed to fight harder against them.
Dear Carole and Bill, Carole read aloud. This card entitles you to a private dinner at the Pick and Choose, any Sunday of your choice.
God bless her, Carole seemed to understand as she smiled warmly at Katie. Thank you, dear, she said. A restaurant all to ourselves. Imagine. Weve never done that before.

Ric stared at Katie with surprise and approval. Hed never expected her to bring a gift, but she had given the best thing she could. And his mother had sensed it and made it seem very special. For all her faults, he could count on Mom. As his parents posed to cut the cake, he met Katies eyes and sensed her relief.
He was on his way to take her a piece of the cake when he was waylaid by Katies mother.
Ric. Its so nice to see you.
He pressed a small kiss on the cheek she presented. You too, Mrs. Buick, he answered politely. Hed tried to joke about the comments shed made earlier about him and Katie. There was enough atmosphere between the two of them already without their mothers pressuring. But what came out of the womans mouth next surprised the hell out of him.
It was nice of you to take Katie under your wing. She smiled her most indulgent smile. I didnt think shed make a go of it.
The plate with the cake suddenly seemed very heavy. This was what Katie was fighting against. Why? His brows furrowed as he stared at her. It was a brilliant idea backed by solid research. Id be silly not to be a part of it.
Mick approached, putting an arm around his wifes waist. Hello, Ric. He nodded down at the two plates Ric held. That for Katie?
It is, yes. Hopefully now the comments would stop and he could escape to enjoy the sweet with his partner.
Surprised the dickens out of me when Katie said youd agreed to back her. Shes lucky to have you. Youve really made her little project a success. Mick smiled, not even aware at how much his words gave offense.
Ric saw a movement out of the corner of his eye. Turning, he saw Katie not ten feet away, within hearing of the conversation. Her eyes were glassy, face fallen in dismay. For Petes sake, couldnt she even get a break from her own parents? He felt indignation rush through him on her behalf. These people had no idea how hard Katie had worked to get the Pick and Choose up and running.
Opening a restaurant and running it single-handedly isnt what Id call a little project. The Pick and Choose is innovative and successful simply because Katie made it so. Im just the financing. Did you know Katies been putting in fourteen-hour days? She deserves all the credit.
Sandys mouth dropped open at Rics chastising tone while Mick simply fell silent.
Now, if youll excuse me, he said quietly. Katie had moved and was sitting at a nearby table, staring straight ahead while going through the motions of sipping lemonade. He went to her side with the slice of cake.
That was very nice, what you gave to my parents, he said as he placed the plate on the table beside them. He pulled out a chair and took the seat next to her.

Katie tried a smile but knew it fell flat. Her pride was still stinging from what her mom and dad had said. I didnt know what to give. Next to everything else, it doesnt seem like much.
You are too hard on yourself.
Not nearly. Im not the only one who thinks that way, as you recently heard. It was hard to keep the bitterness out of her voice.
Ric put down his fork. That was complete garbage. Little project mywell, you know what I mean. I know what it takes to get a business off the ground, and now you do, too. I think we can both agree it isnt exactly a hobby.
They think Ill get tired of it and adopt another idea. They dont think Ill stick with this. Im still not sure it can last.
What happened to you, Katie? You used to be the most confident girl I knew. Carefree and fun.
So now Im not fun?
No, actually, youre not. Sometimes you forget about all the other stuff and you smile like the Katie I used to know. Like that night with the paint. But those times are too few and far between. He leaned back in his chair while she sat ramrod straight, her expression defensive. You never seem to think what you do is good enough. Like you never quite measure up.
Thats what Im trying to change.
She attempted to put a bite of cake in her mouth but put the fork back down, the morsel untasted. Dont you see? The Katie that never took anything seriously was the fun Katie. That girl is gone.
I miss her. And I know shes in there. Letting her come out to play once in a while doesnt mean you cant do what youve set out to do.
Her chest seemed to fill with air, making it hard to breathe. All her adult life, shed tried to change who she was. Now Ric was here telling her he missed that person, and it was a balm to her soul. It was as if that carefree girl magically had some worth and it made her want to do better, to balance things better. If only they werent partners
This is my one chance to prove Im not a complete waste of time.
He leaned forward and, ignoring the crowd around them, took her hand. Katie Buick, he said firmly. You have never been a waste of anyones time.
Tears filled her eyes and she blinked. God, the last thing she needed right now was for him to be kind while she was trying to push him away.
Least of all mine, he added.
She pushed her chair back. Isorryplease excuse me, she stammered and fled across the lawn.

Hed botched that well. Angry with himself, he pushed the plate of cake aside roughly.
Go after her, a soft voice said from behind him and he turned. His mother looked down at him with tender eyes. She needs you, Ric. She hasnt failed, and you cant fail her.
Ric stared at his mom a long time, pondering the implications of what she said.
Shes hurt me before. Besides, were only partners.
With a tearful chuckle, his mother put her hand on his shoulder. Even you dont believe that. Go after her.
Only his mother knew what had happened that day in high school, and knew why Katie had never come to any of the social functions afterward. Ric had also confided in her about how hard Katie had worked to prove herself and their business. Okay, he murmured, gave her arm a squeeze and set off in pursuit.
Chapter Nine

Ric turned the corner of the hedge and stopped in his tracks.
Katie stood about ten feet from the fountain, her head bowed. Even from behind, he sensed her dejection so clearly his heart ached for her. He certainly hadnt intended to make her feel worse, but somehow he had. If nothing else, he had to apologize for it.
Katie?
She lifted her head but didnt turn to face him. What?
He moved forward, his steps silent in the rich, green grass beneath his feet. I never intended to hurt your feelings.
She cleared her throat and squared her shoulders. You didnt.
Then why did you run away?
I dont know, she answered, turning her head to the left to avoid his gaze completely.
He was at her shoulder now and gently reached out to touch it. Sure you do. Why dont you tell me? He turned her to face him and saw the streaks of tears on her cheeks. Oh God, he hadnt meant to make her cry. He reached out and wiped the moisture away with his thumbs.
Her breath caught at his touch and he stilled his hands, the thumbs at the crest of her cheekbones. He wanted to kiss her more than anything but knew one kiss with Katie wouldnt be enoughand he wasnt sure she was ready.
She pulled away first, putting distance between them. Thank you for what you said back there.
He dropped his hands and let her put some distance between themfor now. Why would you ever think you were a waste of time?
Katie stuck her hand out, trailing it in the trickle of water gurgling out of the small fountain. Ive never done anything important in my life. I was close once but made a grave error in judgment.
The job and that guy?
He glimpsed a sad smile in profile as she dabbled in the water. I should have known better, I suppose. I guess I was just so involved I let it cloud everything.
You were in love with him.
Yes. At least I thought I was, which is basically the same thing. Turns out I was a first-class fool.
And the jerk had taken her trust and abused it in the worst possible way. It hadnt all been about pride then, Ric realized. It hadnt been about screwing her out of a job. Her heart had been involved, and this guy, whoever he was, his betrayal had been more devastating because of it. Ric cursed the man and his underhanded methods. He had broken her heart. And that was why she found it impossible to trust her own judgment again. The pieces were starting to fit.
It was a long time ago, Katie, he offered. Everyone makes mistakes.
She laughed, a harsh, bitter sound full of self-loathing. Not this kind. I screwed up big time, Ric. It wasnt him. It was what I let him do to me.
Ric paused. Was she finally ready to tell him the rest of the story? He knew there was more to it and been patiently waiting for her to trust him enough to tell it. He could ask her to confide in him, or he could wait until she offered. He flexed his fingers, mentally chiding himself for his lack of initiative. Put him in the boardroom and he was confident, commanding. Put him in front of the woman hed adored for a third of his life and he was as unsure as hed been the day hed asked her to the prom. He knew very well where she was coming from. Sometimes you couldnt completely erase the person you were, no matter how hard you tried.
Katie wandered away from the fountain and towards a corner of the hedge. I need this business to work, Ric. It means far more to me than a building and a balance sheet. Its my measuring stick.
He walked up to her but didnt touch her. I know that. After high school, I was determined to succeed, to show everyone Ric Emerson knew what he was doing. I changed everything, the way I looked, what I did It seemed to be about success and money, but it wasnt, not really. It was about validation and self-worth.
Yes. The word came out forcefully and she laughed a little. Thats it exactly. Its about proving whats in here. She pressed a fist to her heart and then dropped it.
She straightened and turned her head away from him, but not before Ric got a glimpse of her eyesvivid, passionate. She pointed towards a weeping birch, diverting his attention. Its been a while since Ive been here. That tree has grown. Id forgotten about it.
He took her hand and guided her beneath the drooping branches, the tiny leaves forming a filmy curtain around them. He stood behind her, heart pumping with trepidation for what he was about to do.
I didnt forget. His lips were close to her ear and he felt her shiver, releasing the warm scent of her perfume. You dont remember?
She didnt answer, but her pinkening cheeks told him she recalled the moment as clearly as he. He put his hands on her upper arms, feeling the warmth of her skin, touching her at last.
Ten years ago, at my graduation brunch. I kissed you right here.
I know. Her words were thick and he turned her to face him.
Katies eyes were wide, staring up at him, bluebell-blue and beautiful. He paused, seeing uncertainty there. But he saw longing too, and before he made the mistake of thinking too much, he cupped her face and lowered his lips to hers.
She was warm and sweet and his body coursed with joy as she responded, opening her lips. She tasted like orange and strawberry and the sharp tang of good champagne. Heart soaring, he pulled her closer so their bodies touched and felt her soft curves flush against him. Her right hand rested on his arm, while she slid the other up, twining in his curls. Still the kiss went unbroken. It grew deep and reckless and he moaned into her mouth.
The vibration of her replying groan reverberated through his head as he turned, leaning back against the trunk of the tree, the cool bark digging in through his shirt as her body pressed against him. This was the Katie hed always imagined. Free, giving, passionate, desiring. His head spun with the taste, the scent of her, and he moved his right leg to the side, making a place to cradle her between his legs.
As they made contact, he rubbed his hips against her, letting her feel his arousal.
Abruptly, she broke away and took several steps back. His lips were swollen and his mind cloudy with desire, but he clearly understood her when she gasped, No.
Katie, he began, running his hand through his hair with frustration. So close. Theyd grown reckless and nothing had ever felt more right.
No. Her voice was stronger now, definite in its censure, and it stopped him cold. She kept stepping backward and her face was tight with distress. Eyes, wild and bright, accused him. I cant do this, she choked out, tears streaming down her cheeks. I told you in the beginningbusiness only. Why do you keep doing this to me?
She reached the hedge and he started to move forward. He had to stop her. If nothing else he had to tell her now how he felt. If she only understood
Stop, she commanded.
He paused.
This is not what I want. He saw new tears in the corners of her eyes. No, she said again and, spinning on her heel, she ran across the grass back to the party.
Ric leaned back against the trunk of the tree. It was probably better to let her go than chase after her and make a scene in the middle of the party. Ten years had passed and nothing had changed. What was left of his heart was shattered and lying in pieces around his feet. Hed known this could happen, he had. Hed known by making a move on Katie he was risking everything. But somehow hed thought what they had between them transcended what had come before. Wrong. Hed trusted her enough that hed been willing to put his heart back on the line and try again. Only it had blown up in his face.
He closed his eyes, thumping the back of his head against the tree. Hell, shed been more gracious when they were kids. Hed kissed her then, too, but at least all shed done was draw back, smile a little and say thank you. But perhaps he should have realized she couldnt change after all. Days later, hed asked her to the prom and the humiliation, the pain was still fresh. Shed laughed at him, and the words still taunted him
He hadnt been good enough then, and he obviously wasnt good enough now. He saw again the accusation in her eyes before she ran. How could you, theyd said. She told him in the beginning their relationship had to remain professional. Oh sure, his money was good enough and he was entertaining enough as a business partner. But on a personal level, he had to remember his place. There could be no more stepping over the line like he had today.
Now shed run back to the party and left him here. Fled like a pack of wolves was on her heels. When he returned back to the crowd, theyd all know shed run away from him. Poor Ric, successful in business but unlucky in love. He clenched his fingers, making fists. He was getting damned tired of Katie Buick making a fool of him. And he was getting tired of giving her that power.
Several minutes later, he went back to find most of the guests enjoying coffee and the bulk of the mess tidied up.
His mother spied him and hurried over. Goodness, what happened? Katie ran back here looking like shed seen a ghost, and now you appear looking ready to commit murder. Did you have a fight?
Not exactly, Ric replied tightly. Where is she?
Her parents wanted to take her home, but she left in a taxi instead, Carole answered, her hand on Rics arm. Mick and Sandy just left.
I see. He saw all right. He laughed, a brittle sound from deep in his throat. She was so repulsed shed spent money out of her tight budget to get away from him as fast as she could. His kiss had been so repugnant that she couldnt wait to put space between them. He felt the eyes of his parents friends on him, full of curiosity, some with looks of pity, and he let anger take over for the pain. Shed humiliated him in public for the last time.
Ric. Go after her.
He turned hostile eyes on his mother and she stepped away. I did. Now Im done chasing after Katie Buick. Done for good.
He spun on his heel and stalked out of the party. What Katie needed was a taste of her own medicine. Someone to reject her as soundly as shed rejected him. And he was going to be the one to do it.

Katie arrived at the Pick and Choose, paid the cab driver and went inside, locking the door behind her.
The restaurant looked different in the dim afternoon light. The striped awnings held out most of the sun, casting a dismal shadow over the silent counter. It was quiet, eerily so, with no hiss of the grill or clicking of the cash register. No customers chatted, no bell dinged as the door opened and shut in the noon rush. The only sound was the quiet hum of the drink cooler. For the moment, the restaurant was completely hers, and she should have taken joy in the possession of it. But Rics kiss colored everything, making all aspects of her life more complicated.
She went to the fridge, took out a bottle of water and pulled up a chair with a screech of iron on tile.
If Ric wanted to talk, hed assume shed gone home. And she was determined not to be there. There was nothing for them to talk about.
Nothing! She shouted at the empty restaurant, taking a belligerent swig of water. There was nothing to talk about because nothing was going to happen between them ever again. It couldnt.
Her lips still tingled from the warm taste of him. His voice in her ear had sent shivers through her body and a longing so strong shed been incapable of stopping him from kissing her. When hed touched his lips to hers, pulled her close, shed responded like shed wanted to for weeks, all the reasons why she shouldnt fleeing her mind on the summer breeze. Hed moaned in her mouth, pressed his hips against hers and shed snapped back to reality. This was all wrong for her, and she couldntwouldntlet it go on and lose sight of the goal. There were things more important than funand fooling around with Ric was a chance she wasnt willing to take. It had the potential of ruining their partnership and failure of what she was trying to accomplish. The business was going great, and she was darned proud of how well her hard work had paid off. But if she and Ric started a personal relationship, how much of the credit would go to him? How many would feel like her own parents did, that Ric had indulged her in her pet project?
No, their relationship had to stop now, before it got out of hand.
She knew how it would go. Shed let herself get involved with him, and for a while things would be great. Undoubtedly, theyd sleep together. The thought made her body flush and she forced her thoughts to move on. But after a few weeks, maybe a month, hed get bored. She wouldnt be smart enough to hold his interest, or entertaining enough for his friends. Things would get awkward, and hed politely let her down easy with a standard line like, were better as friends or, youre a great person, Im just not ready for this kind of relationship right now. Shed heard the excuses before, those and a dozen more.
Shed never been able to hold a relationship any better than shed held a job. Part of that, she knew, was because shed never been satisfied, never felt like she was where she belonged, like she did now. Pulling out a second chair, she slid off her shoes and put up her feet. He was making it so hard. It would be much easier to remain aloof if he had no idea how she felt.
But he did. And he was willing to give her the assurance she craved. The whole bit about never being a waste of time. She snorted. That was damned good, she had to admit. And the validation and self-worth angleit was like he saw right into her heart. But what if she gave in and let herself become romantically involved like she wanted to? What if he took it away? What if he discovered he didnt genuinely care for her after all? What would happen to the Pick and Choose? They were partners, but she never for a moment forgot he controlled the purse strings. He could hire someone to run it for him. She couldnt run it without his cash flow.
And how shallow did that make her? Did she only want him for his money?
She kicked the chair away in a very unladylike manner and rose to pace the floor. No, not shallow, she defended herself. From the moment shed entered Rics office, it had always been about the business and not about falling in love with him.
She stopped in her tracks, putting a hand to her mouth. No. No, no, no. It wasnt possible. Had the thought that she was in love with Ric really flown through her mind?
Well, wasnt this just perfect? Her lower lip trembled as she realized she had indeed fallen head over spatula in love with him. Now shed gone and screwed it up. Damn Ric and his soulful brown eyes and hard body and soft lipslips that had only an hour before been on her own as he pulled her closer. And he was a much better kisser now than hed been a decade earlier. Toe curling, scalp-tingling good. So good she hadnt wanted to stop.
Ever.
She was in love with Ric Emerson and it was the worst possible thing that could have happened. He mustnt know how she felt. Because she would not break the vow shed made to herself.
The Pick and Choose came first. Making it as a success came first. And she was willing to suffer whatever need be to see it through.
Even her heart.

Ric entered his office, tossed his yellow hard hat on a chair and headed for his desk. He was spending more and more time on site, overseeing the latest property development in the northeast part of the city. The rest of the time he spent in his office and in meetings. Ric limited his involvement with the Pick and Choose to impersonal emails and correspondence with the accountant. He no longer popped in over the lunch hour to grab a bite or help out with the noon rush. He left the day-to-day running of the restaurant to Katie. That had been the original agreement and he was darn well going to abide by it.
She didnt want to see him, it was clear. After running from him at the brunch, shed never even attempted to call him or explain. Her actions said it all. Shed pushed him away and put as much distance between them as possible. It was hard to misinterpret that as anything other than outright rejection.
Hed get back to what he did best. Making money. Clearly, he wasnt cut out for personal relationships, and he was through wasting his time.
Except for one thing. He wanted to hurt her as shed hurt him. Just once, make her feel the burning humiliation of rejection. He scowled in the small mirror he kept on the wall, the one he used to assess his appearance before walking into the boardroom. Perhaps shed see things a little differently after a taste of her own medicine.
Ric opened his briefcase and took out yesterdays mail. Flipping through, he paused at one plain white envelope. The return address was to Lisa Carlton, Bishop High Reunion Committee. Curious, he sliced it open to find an invitation to his ten-year reunion, along with an agenda of events. The white paper with the red-and-black logo in the top corner shook in his hand. Did he even want to attend such an event? No one would recognize him, and no one would care. Hed skated through high school a social outcast with next to no friends. There would be no one to share fond memories with. He had precious few.
He tossed the sheet down on the desk, frowning at it. Moving on, he opened the rest of his mail and dealt with it, but in the end he went back to the stiff stationery of the high school. He noticed a luncheon planned for the Saturday. Perhaps he could get them to cater it with the Pick and Choose. It would be good publicity.
He stared at the contact name. Lisa Carlton was chair of the Reunion Committee. Jan Grandin was the vice-chair. Both girls had been in the group who had laughed at him from behind the lockers when hed asked Katie to the prom.
What would they think of him now? Would they be surprised to find a transformed, wealthy Ric? Living in such a large city ensured he hadnt crossed paths with many of his former classmates. What would they say if they knew he and Katie were in business together now? Maybe Katie had stepped away, but this was a chance to show her he was still committed to the business. To being her partner.
Before he changed his mind, he picked up the telephone and punched in seven numbers.
Hello, Lisa? Ric Emerson speakingyes, that Ric Emerson. Do you have a caterer for your luncheon yet? Because Ive got a proposition for you

Shed avoided him long enough.
Katie put the finishing touches on the prep work for the evening shift and peeled off the thin plastic gloves she wore when dealing with the food. It had been two weeks. In that time, the Labor Day long weekend had come and gone and business was regular now that summer and vacations were winding down. Last night, shed stayed up until midnight, working the figures for July and August. She could deliver them to Christine by email, or she could drop them by ELDC herself and stop in to give Ric a progress report. Despite the fact they had things to discuss, Katie dreaded seeing Ric again. Beyond the most rudimentary emails, they hadnt spoken since the brunch. And it was going to be awkward at the very least. But she had to get it over with some time. She washed her hands at the sink and dried them on the brown paper towel she kept in a stack beside the soap. What kind of business would they have if they couldnt even stand to talk to each other in person?
He deserved some sort of explanation. Shed bite off her own tongue before admitting she was in love with him, and she was sure it would pass. But he at least needed to know that her priority was the same as it had always been, businessand that her stepping away was nothing personal.
The sun was rich and mellow as she stepped outside. This was her favorite time of year. Her shoes made quiet steps on the sidewalk as she shouldered her purse, gripping the brown envelope in her fingers and heading in the direction of ELDC. The poplar leaves had already turned color in the shortening days, releasing the pungent smell of early autumn. Out of the corner of her eye, she spied a young couple wandering under the arches of Olympic Park, holding hands. Briefly, she wondered what it would be like to do that with Ric, to leave all the complications behind and enjoy an intimate walk with nothing to worry about but an evening chill as the sun disappeared behind the buildings of downtown.
She stepped inside ELDCs lobby and pressed a hand to her stomach. What would she say to him? How would he look, and would she want to kiss him again? Would he be angry or understanding? Cold or indifferent?
She shook her head. Stop worrying, and do it, she commanded herself and headed to the elevator.
Christine was gone for the day, so Katie put the envelope on her desk, scribbled a brief message on a post-it note and tacked it to the top. She wiped her hands on her jeans, straightened the fitted T-shirt she wore and ran a hand over her ponytail. Taking several deep breaths, she headed towards the big oak door at the end of the hall.
It was open a few inches and she tapped lightly but received no answer. She pushed it open hesitantly, peering inside to see if Ric was there. It was quiet and still. It appeared he was gone. Stepping in, she saw his briefcase on the floor beside the desk and a suit jacket over the back of his chair.
She should leave right now, come back later when he was here, but she couldnt resist the urge to sneak in. She tiptoed across the floor as she approached the desk. She couldnt shake the feeling she was spying somehow, but shed gone two weeks without hearing his voice or seeing his face. The urge to wander through his office was too great, and she reached out her fingers and touched the thick fabric of his jacket.
The area around his desk even smelled like him, a scent she couldnt name but remembered as one distinctly his. The jacket was navy, perhaps the same one hed worn during their first meeting. They had seen each other so much she already knew it was one of his favorite colors. She smiled, a little sadly. Hed been cold that day too, official, businesslike. That had changed as they saw more of each other. His strength, his determination paired with the vulnerability and insecurity hed revealed was a big part of why she loved him.
Several slips of pink paper were piled beside his phonehis phone messages, taken by his assistant. His day planner lay open on his desk and she stared at the neat writing under the date. Meetings, conference calls, bid openings. Curious, she turned the pages, marveling at how hectic his life was, yet hed still made time for their venture. Her fingers paused as she got to next Tuesdays date.
Meeting with Lisa and Jan at P&C at noon.
What on earth? Shed known hed proposed they cater one of the lunches. Shed been surprised hed called Lisa about it. She remembered quite clearly now that Lisa and Jan had been two of the girls who had put him down the most. Truthfully, Katie wasnt looking forward to seeing them again. She couldnt imagine what would have prompted Ric to approach them. Now hed gone ahead and set up a meeting without telling her. And at the restaurant.
Had he been going to let her know, or was he planning on ambushing her with an unpleasant blast from the past? God, if they were going to discuss catering this thing, she needed to work up a sample menu, put together per-plate prices. The last thing she wanted was to look like an amateur.
Katies eyes blurred as the flush of anger rose up her neck and burned her ears. Maybe that was exactly what he was counting on. She wasnt oblivious to the fact that shed embarrassed him now twice. Was he planning on turning the tables, showing her how it felt?
She lifted her fingers off the pages as if they were on fire. He was planning on embarrassing her, in her own restaurant, in front of her clients. He was using their business as a method to bring her lower than she already was. How had she considered herself in love with this man?
Hastily, she put the book back to todays date and slung her purse over her shoulder. Shed thought he understood. Shed told him things she never talked about. They had become friends, and hed said he understood her need to prove herself and most of the reason why she had to keep things professional. But all he really understood was his own blasted ego. So what if shed pulled away when theyd kissed and hadnt elaborated as to why? Shed just realized the true depth of her feelings, for Petes sake. And its not like hed asked her to explain. But thisthis was taking things too far. It was juvenile and petty and she hadnt thought him capable of such a thing.
She rushed out of his office, blinded by angry tears. She punched the button to the elevator and then decided not to wait and pushed through the heavy door at the end of the hall to take the stairs. So he planned to humiliate her? Well, shed see about that.
Chapter Ten

When the lunch rush died down, Jenna cornered Katie and told her straight. Get your purse. Were going for a walk.
Katie looked around. Sure enough, it was quiet. Only two patrons occupied a table and the bell above the door was silent. But payroll needed tending and she had a supply list she had to complete and fax. I dont have time.
Make time, Jenna insisted. If you dont get out of here for a while youre going to drive us crazy. Karen will hold the fort until we get back.
With a sigh, Katie gave in. Fact of the matter was, it was a gorgeous, early-fall day and Katie could use some sunshine. Shed been entirely too wound up about the whole Ric situation and it was starting to show.
Half an hour. Thats it, she relented, and before she could change her mind, Jenna pulled her out the door.
Where are we going?
First, were getting you an iced coffee. With whipped cream and chocolate shavings on the top. Jenna paused outside a coffee shop half a block over. Nope, youd better come in with me. I cant take a chance of you taking off and going back to work.
Katie grinned. Jenna was such a breath of fresh air. No nonsense, tell it like it is, loyal to a fault. A keeper of secrets and open minded. You know me too well, she laughed, following Jenna inside.
Minutes later, they emerged with two gigantic plastic cups filled to the brim with mocha iced coffee and mounds of whipped cream. The sun beat down on Katies face, warming her hair until it radiated through her to her fingertips. This feels good, she admitted.
They stopped at Olympic Plaza and sat on a bench to watch children frolicking in the water, making the most of an unseasonably warm day. They sipped until Jenna broke the silence.
So what happened?
Katie stared straight ahead at the arches. She knew if she looked at Jenna, Jenna would know right away what the problem was. I dont know what you mean.
Stop playing dumb, Kates. This is me youre talking to. Youve been miserable all week. You might as well spill it.
Im tired. Well, it was partly true. She was tired. Shed been putting in marathon days for weeks now.
What happened with Ric? Hes never around now. Ever since the brunch Jenna paused, and Katie felt like a bug under a microscope. Thats it, isnt it? Something happened at the brunch. She wiggled closer. What?
Oh, she might as well admit it. Jenna was like a dog with a bone and would keep at her until she admitted the truth. Yes, something happened at the brunch. He kissed me.
Jennas straw stopped on the way to her lips. I knew it. How was it?
Better than the first time, Katie admitted without thinking, coloring as Jenna hooted.
More than once? Katie dear, youve been holdin out on me. She angled her body sideways, looking eager for more information.
Katie risked a glance at Jenna and couldnt help smirking a bit. Oh shut up. Yes, it was more than once. He kissed me one night before we even opened. Katies insides curled at the remembrance of dancing in his arms. But at the brunch we were under this tree and he She stopped short of graphic details. Oh, you get the picture. Anyway, I backed off. I think hes still mad.
That was the understatement of the century.
Why would you back off? Have you looked at him lately? That body and dark looks, the way he gazes at you when he thinks no one is watching Girl, youd be stupid to pass that up.
I cant. Her gaze grew troubled, and she concentrated on a piece of grass between her sandals. You know why, she said quietly.
Because of the man whose name we dare not speak.
Katie nodded.
Well, maybe you wont say it, but I will. Craig was swine. What he did to you was inexcusable. Jennas normally bubbly voice took on a derisive edge. Surely you arent measuring Ric with that yardstick.
The sun went behind a cloud and Katie crossed her arms. I thought I loved Craig and I trusted him. Look how he betrayed me. Id be stupid to take that kind of chance again.
Are you in love with Ric?
A boy on in-line skates zoomed by while Katie thought about her answer. It doesnt matter, she said in the end. It didnt because she knew shed already pushed Ric to his limit. There were only so many times a guy could try, after all.
It does matter, Jenna replied, laying a comforting hand on her arm. Craig treated you terribly. And yes, you worked with him. But, honey, it doesnt mean Ric will do the same thing.
Losing the job Katie could have handled and recovered, but the horrible accusations had ruined any reputation she might have gained. I cant take that chance, dont you see? I cant risk the restaurant. Ive worked too hard to build it, and I want to keep it successful.
Jenna sniffed. Keep telling yourself that. Youre more afraid of risking your heart. Ric wouldnt use you, and you know it.
Wouldnt he? Shed hurt him enough he was already planning how to hurt her in returnand do it publicly.
He made her pulse race and her heart ache. He kissed like the devil and had defended her, even to her own parents. Perhaps that was why his planned betrayal cut her to the core. Let it go, Jenna. She stood and tossed her empty cup in a nearby receptacle. Its the only thing that makes sense.

The door opened, the bell dinging a cheery welcome. Katie checked her watch for the third time in a half hour. Eleven thirty. She should go freshen up now. Lisa and Jan would be arriving any momentand so would Ric. She wasnt sure she was up to dealing with him. It had been soon after realizing she loved him that shed discovered he was out to hurt her after all. As mad as she was about it, she couldnt move past the piercing hurt that had come with that discovery.
Her lip curled as she shut the door to the staff bathroom behind her. She still couldnt quite believe he was planning to publicly show her up. The Ric she thought she knew wasnt capable of something so malicious, and if she werent a bundle of nerves about today, shed almost feel sorry for him for carrying a grudge for such a long time. Hed told her weeks ago that the past was the past and they didnt need to talk about it. But obviously that was a lie. If he had truly forgiven her for past transgressions, he wouldnt be planning something so low now.
She swiped on lip gloss and reapplied her mascara. She still regretted that day by her locker and now she was regretting it even more. The truth was she hadnt been as shallow as he thought. If hed asked her earlier, she would have said yes, and the hell with what her friends thought. As it was shed only been asked by one of the jocks the day before.
But Ric didnt know that and it would sound silly to say such a thing now. He knew what he thought he knew and was hurt enough, angry enough, to have planned to humiliate her today.
Initially, shed wanted to pay him back. But after talking with Jenna, she realized the best course of action was to defuse the issue, try to keep things on an even keel. She had a plan, and if it worked, it would simply take the wind out of Rics sails and they could move on, salvaging a business relationship. She hoped.
Her reflection was unhappy as it looked back at her, but at least her appearance was flawless. She was aiming for casual, and naturally, young. These were girls she hadnt seen in the ten years since graduation. They were chairing the reunion committee and, vain as it sounded, looking youthful was important.
Her skinny black jeans were stylish and flattering, resting easily on her hips, and her blouse was flowing and sleeveless, the red a perfect foil for the remnants of her summer tan. She kept her makeup sheer and natural and let her hair fall in loose waves over her bare shoulders. She kept her nails trimmed and plain but her toes were painted light pink and a silver toe ring glimmered through the open toe of her wedges.
Her inspection complete, she took a breath, released it and opened the door.
Coming out, she heard the tinkle of the bell again and looked up to see Lisa and Jan enter together.
Jan had changed little. Her dark hair was pulled into a simple French braid, her brown eyes large and shy. Her figure had rounded a little, but she dressed casually in blue jeans and a light-tan summer sweater. She was still quiet, unassuming Jan.
Lisa, on the other hand, wore heels to boost her five-foot-three height and a fluttery white skirt about three inches too short. Her lime-green camisole top clung to her midriff, and as she turned to examine the lunch board, the back hem slid up and Katie stared at a blue squiggly line she couldnt quite distinguishthe edge of a tattoo. For a moment, Katie smiled grimly to herselfin contrast to Jans appropriate dress, Lisa and her tramp stamp looked rather slutty.
At that moment, Lisa turned from the specials board and met Katies eyes.
Katie! Lisas squeal had patrons turning their heads and Katie tried not to wince. Okay, shed dressed youthfully, but she was well beyond teenage squeals of greeting. She pasted on a welcoming smile and stepped forward, holding out a hand to avoid an embarrassing embrace.
Lisa. Jan. Im glad you could come. The words came out less than enthusiastic and Katie tried to smile wider to make up for it.
Jan shook her hand and smiled, but Lisa ignored it and squeezed her into a too-tight hug. God, you look the same as you did ten years ago, she gushed.
Ive saved us a table. Katie led them to a corner table for four and plucked the reserved label off the surface. Her gaze strayed back to the door, looking for Ric. As much as she knew in her head what he had planned for her, she couldnt help the flit of anticipation of seeing him again. Shed grown so used to seeing his face, to sharing a smile or laugh with him, that she missed it.
Lisa said something and diverted Katies attention back to the task at hand. She must not forget Rics purpose for today. She couldnt let her feelings make her soft.
The girls seated themselves and Katie graciously offered, Can I get you something to drink?
Lisa, with her high heels and highlighted blonde hair, used too much makeup to cover the beginnings of crows feet. Paired with her clothing, the effect was one of someone trying to look like a teenager and actually looking older than she was. She still commanded attention with a natural sense of drama, and Jan seemed to follow in her wake. In high school, Lisad been the leader while Jan had followed behind like a worshipping puppy dog, rarely exerting her own opinions. Now, when Lisa ordered a diet soft drink, Jan did the same. Returning with the beverages, Katie took a seat beside Janthe less intimidating of the two. At least Jan seemed to look at her with something akin to pity as Lisa babbled about anything and everything, never quite managing to sound sincere.
So this is your restaurant, Lisas voice tinkled as her eyes scanned the seating area. Its a nice little spot, dont you think, Jan? So nice to see something health conscious.
Katie gritted her teeth at Lisas emphasis on little. Clearly, the Pick and Choose was hardly worth her notice, and Katie nearly bit her tongue trying not to say what was on her mind. Instead she took a breath and said, Its been fun watching it come together. Katie stared at the doorway again. Damn him for making her do this alone. Hard work and long days, but Im very pleased with how were doing.
We? Lisa leaned in, a manicured finger resting speculatively on her chin.
Thats right, Jan broke in. You have a business partner. Ric Emerson. We were surprised to hear from him.
I couldnt have made this possible without Ric. She hoped her voice didnt sound as flat as she thought it did. For days now, Ric had only been involved by email or telephone, and always about business technicalities. It was what shed wanted from the beginning, but now things seemed quiet and lackluster without his impromptu appearances and help.
She folded her hands in her lap. How could she care so much for someone who wanted to hurt her completely? It was something she didnt understand, but it wouldnt be the first time shed been duped in that way. At least this time she saw it coming. And she was prepared. Now she wished hed show up so they could get it over with, whatever happened. 
Lisa giggled, leaning forward as if sharing a secret. Is he still as nerdy as ever? I heard he started up some company. I cant imagine. He was such a skinny little dork.
Rics definitely changed since high school. Unlike you, you catty witch. Katie was actually ashamed shed ever considered this person her friend. It was evident that at least in one way Lisa had remained seventeen. She was still completely self-absorbed and immature.
However, it appears hes running a bit late. Why dont we order some lunch, and you can see for yourself if our menu is something youd like at your luncheon.
They placed their orders and Katie went behind the counter to fix them personally, wanting to demonstrate she was capable of running all aspects of the restaurant. Never let it be said she let others do the work for her. This was her business, from the top right on down to the smallest job. Besides, by making their meals, she avoided the endless, meaningless chit-chat.
She took special care with their food, picking the choicest ingredients and placing them to best advantage on the plates. Shed eat later, if at all. Right now, she was wondering where on earth Ric could be. Hed said twelve, it was quarter past. He was always very punctual. Maybe he wouldnt turn up at all and leave her twisting in the wind, dealing with the women on her own. If business had come up, he surely would have called and left a message. What if he couldnt get here? What if there had been an emergency of some sort?
Stop it, you ninny, she chided herself as her hands paused over a salad. Ric was a big boy. And despite her conflicted feelings, his whereabouts werent her concern. She told herself to stop worrying and delivered their lunch.
She was placing Jans in front of her when the door opened and she saw him enter. Darn it, hed worn those jeans again and the white shirt that made her mouth water. She turned away quickly from him and the sense of relief that flooded her at his appearance. She was supposed to be mad at him, not elated he was here and unhurt. She hated the fact she had to keep reminding herself of it.
The counter-plan. She had to remember it and get the ball rolling.
So, Jan, I see youve married. She prompted the quieter of the two with an encouraging smile.
On cue, Jan fluttered her ring. Yes, a year ago. What about you, Katie? Married? Seeing anyone?
Knowing Ric was in hearing range, she smiled her brightest smile as Jan took the bait. Actually, I just started seeing someone. Hes amazing.
She sensed Ric behind her and straightened now that the plates were in place.
Whats he like? Lisa picked up her fork, looked up and her gaze settled somewhere behind Katies shoulder. Katie pretended not to notice and fairly oozed adoration.
Oh, hes tall, dark and definitely handsome. Im crazy about him. Her voice was smooth as melted butter and she delivered a wink for added effect. Her smile wobbled a bit as she realized shed actually described Ric. Why couldnt she have said he was blonde and blue eyed and cute as hell?
Because that wasnt what she wanted. She wanted Ric and now he had to go and screw everything up. She wasnt going to be the casualty this time, though.
Good afternoon, ladies.
Ric interrupted and Katie kept smiling even though the simple sound of his voice made her heart thump ridiculously.
Ric? Oh my God. Is that really you? You have changed. Lisas eyes grew wide as her voice rose with over-the-top enthusiasm.
He smiled, ignoring the shrill quality of her outburst. Apparently Im tall, dark and definitely handsome as well. He slid an arm around Katies waist and she didnt know whether to melt through the floor or elbow him in his perfect abs. This was not her plan. Her plan had been to take away any power he might have. Shed been prepared for this meeting rather than on the back foot. But hed clued in far too quickly, making them seem like a couple and putting her off-balance.
She had to stop underestimating him.
Nowoh Godnow he could make it even worse. Her stomach plummeted with dread. Now he could make it seem like she was truly over the moon for him, break up with her and make her look even worse than before, a complete reversal of what shed done to him ten years ago. Why, oh why hadnt she thought of this angle?
Because she was no good at plans and subterfuge, thats why. She wore her heart on her sleeve and it made her easy pickings for men who wanted to hurt her.
You werent meant to hear that. She slapped his arm lightly, trying to simper while inside she was seething.
He put his lips close to her ear. Liar, he whispered, and her resulting blush had Lisa and Jan grinning from ear to ear. She trembled, reacting to the warm breath on her neck and the fear that hed actually accomplish what hed set out to do today.
So, he said, pulling away from Katie and taking the vacant seat beside Lisa. He leaned back in the chair and angled himself slightly towards the blonde who was staring at him without attempt to disguise it. Your lunch is getting cold.
Ric. Youve turned outwell. Lisa smiled widely while Jan and Katie stared in amazement. Gorgeous, in fact. Who would have guessed? You make a girls mouth water.
Katie gaped. Of all the audacity. It was brash and tasteless and made Katie want to interject with Hello, Im standing right here. And he was no better, staring back at Lisa like he loved every minute of it. For all Lisa knew Ric was takenyet she was hitting on him in plain sight. They werent even a real couple, but Katie still felt justified in her anger.
He smiled back, flashing his teeth at her compliment. Its Katies food making your mouth water. Enjoy it. We can discuss the catering part later. Katie does a great job running the Pick and Choose. You can count on her to deliver, I assure you.
Oh damn, she felt humiliated already. Running the Pick and Choose? She owned it, or had he forgotten? He made her sound like a glorified manager.
She aimed a weak jab, Ric manages the boring business part, and I handle the product. She passed them a sheet of paper with sample fixed menus on it. I made this up as an example of what we can offer for the event. You can iron out the business details while I take care of my lunch crowd. If theres anything youd like to sample, or questions about the service, please let me know. Ric, did you want some lunch, sweetheart? The question came out sticky sweet and he smiled up at her like she was the sun warming his day.
Not right now. Maybe later?
The intention was clearperhaps a little one-on-one time, darling, when things arent so busy?
Of course. We do have some business to take care oflater. Now, if youll excuse me
She left them there and took her place behind the counter. The spot on her ribs where his hand had squeezed still tingled from the touch. No matter how angry she got, no matter how hard she tried to avoid him, she couldnt escape the fact she had fallen for him. She couldnt erase the memory of his kiss from her mind and couldnt stop the physical reaction he created simply by being in the same room with her.
Her hands flew, putting up orders of sandwiches and wraps. Her metal spatula rang against the grill as she stir-fried chicken and vegetables for a pita, and all the time she heard their voices and laughter ringing in her ears. Oh, the stupid man had won them over as well. Wasnt he Mr. Perfect now? And hadnt she given him the perfect ammunition to annihilate her in front of the girls? Oh, Lisa would enjoy that. Katie folded a wrap viciously as she remembered another woman, much like Lisa, looking down at her with derision and pity. Shes pathetic and not worth your time, but if this is what you want to do, Craig, Ill go along with it.
The betrayal was still as fresh today as it had been two years ago. And now she was setting herself up for it all over again.
Her resentment fuelled her frustration and she chopped lettuce like a demon possessed. Ric approached, all smiles and congeniality, requesting cake for dessert. She arranged two pieces, topped them with a perfectly round scoop of frozen yogurt and garnished them with fresh raspberries.
Ill serve them myself, she snapped, and Ric held open the pass-through for her to carry them forth. His stare penetrated through her back as she retreated. The more perfect he became, the smaller she felt.
Chocolate cake, as requested. She smiled her prettiest smile as she placed them on the table. I should have been an actress, she thought as she stepped back, putting her weight on one hip. Ric resumed his seat, watching her curiously. She ignored him. Fat free, of course, with low-fat frozen yogurt. We also have a fruit cup for dessert and a sugar-free fruit crumble.
Your food is great, Katie, Jan said, putting down her fork. She looked up at Katie almost sympathetically as Lisa not-so-subtly scooted her chair closer to Rics.
Yes, its quite passable, Lisa added, her eyes challenging. Katie looked down at her, hoping she looked more confident than she felt. After all, for all Lisa knew, Ric was Katies. She had the upper hand here and she couldnt let herself forget it. She said nothing, just raised an eyebrow at Lisas lukewarm comment as she smiled.
In retaliation, Lisa put a hand on Rics arm. He lifted his head sharply but Katie ignored him, focusing on Lisa instead.
As Ric pointed out, Lisa continued, its only right to support one of our own graduates. Plus, as he mentioned, its good publicity for you. If we can agree on a price, of course. We only have so much budgeted.
Im sure we can come to an agreement. Katies voice was cool in response to Lisas patronizing tone. Ric pointed out. Ric was after publicity. Wasnt he all goodwill and influence?
Im thinking a hot dish, perhaps a small assortment of wraps, a couple of salads and the cake for dessert. Lisa smiled brightly. Perhaps a combination of what youve worked up here. She tapped a bright fingernail on the prix-fixe sheet.
That certainly sounds doable. Why dont you fax me with the items you want in particular, and well get it arranged.
Heres the fax number. Ric pulled out a pen and wrote it on a napkin. Lisa stopped his progress with a long red fingernail on top of his hand.
Sure you dont want to put your number on there too, Ric? Her voice was all sweetness and innocence. I may have questions.
Oh, Katie wanted to tan his hide as he took the moment to look deeply into Lisas eyes and she preened beneath his gaze.
He almost looked sorry to answer. I think Katies the one to ask. He folded the napkin in half and handed it to her.
Im glad you enjoyed your meal, Katie offered through clenched teeth. Of course, its on us. She turned her attention to Ric who was still smiling pleasantly. She wanted to wipe it off his face, yet at the same time she felt some relief that it didnt seem like he was going to make a scene.
Do you have a few moments? I have something to discuss with you in the office.
Certainly. He rose and took the time to shake both Lisa and Jans hands, holding Lisas a little longer than necessary. Thanks for coming. Well be in touch.
You can count on it, Lisa answered, rising and looping her purse over her shoulder. Jan followed her but turned at the last moment to give Katie a quick hug. It was good to see you again, Katie, she whispered. Sorry about Queenie.
Katie snorted before she could help it. Shed completely forgotten about the nickname theyd had for Lisa back then. As she stepped back she gave Jans hand a squeeze. Come back anytime, she offered and meant it.
Ric was waiting for her behind the counter. The smile dropped from her face as she breezed through the pass-through and past him to the back office.
Chapter Eleven

Katie shut the door behind them with a harder bang than was necessary, and Ric knew he was in for it. Bring it on, he thought acidly. Having it out with Katie was probably a good idea. They certainly needed to clear the air. Anything would be a nice change from not talking at all. He kept to the opposite side of the room, leaning back casually against a small table with steel legs, keeping his pose deliberately relaxed. They were overdue for a fight, and Ric had lots to say. In time.
What the hell was that?
The words were sharp, ripe with annoyance, and he attempted a flirty smile in the dim light provided only by the computer monitor.
Jealous, darling?
She squared her shoulders and clenched her fists at his glib response, and he chuckled, trying to infuriate her further. Goading her was the only way he knew to make her be completely honest.
As if, she scoffed. Its one thing to act like were a couple. But to flirt with Lisa right under my nose? Thats rude. Its demeaning to flirt with another woman in front of your girlfriend, or didnt they teach you that in graduate school?
He narrowed his eyes as the fax machine bleeped and hummed behind him. Youre not my girlfriend, nor do you want to be, or are you forgetting that small detail? The caustic remark was laced with disgust. And if theres nothing between us, you have no reason to be upset. Right?
Its not about me being jealous, you idiot. Its about you making me look like a fool. You could have given me a heads up about today.
So this is all about appearances and how you look in front of other people. He nodded sagely, as if he knew exactly what she was thinking. The hell with feelings, lets worry about what other people think.
He clamped his mouth shut, trying abysmally to keep the fake smile in place. He realized belatedly that he had done exactly the same thing at the brunch. Hed worried not about why Katie left, but only the implications on himself. But it would be a cold day in hell before he would admit it to her.
Dont turn this around on me, Ric. Dont you dare. You deliberately played along with thatthatwell, we both know what she is. And you made me feel small and insignificant just to embarrass me.
The grin hed tried to keep in place faded completely. Small and insignificant? Is that what you think? He looked down his nose at her. Wow. You really do have a poor opinion of me. Did you ever think that I was doing this to help?
She braced her hands on her hips as she retorted, Oh, by blindsiding me so I was unprepared? To make me look pathetic in front of the two people who saw me do the same to you ten years ago?
He couldnt help it, his mouth fell open. That was what she thought? That hed planned to humiliate her in public? Heat crept up his neck and his ears burned with embarrassment. Tall, dark and definitely handsome, shed said, and hed desperately wanted to believe it. He had searched for some hint that she still cared for him. And so hed played along.
Shed known about this meeting all along, though he couldnt imagine how.
I wanted it to be a surprise. To show you that I still believed in this business. But now I know how little you really think of me. He shoved his hands in his pockets, bunching his fingers together. Twice now youve done it to me. Twice, and I still keep coming back. Ive got to be crazy.
Katies brows pulled together in confusion. Twice? What are you talking about?
He sighed. Ten years ago when I asked you to the prom. And at the anniversary brunch.
At the brunch? But we were alone. Her gaze flitted to his, distressed and uncertain. You thought I ran becausethat I took offoh.
The heightened atmosphere seemed to grow heavy. What was she trying to say? What other explanation was there for her behavior besides the fact that she couldnt stand the idea of being with him? 
You left. I had to go back to the party. Everyone saw you leave, Katie, like a demon was at your heels. In a cab. Then I returned and all the guests were watching me. Some with pitypoor Ric, unlucky in love. Some curious about what we must have fought about. I was completely humiliated. I felt exactly like I did ten years ago when I stood by your locker and you laughed in my face.
Just once, he had to hear her admit it, even though he knew he would hate the answer. Emotion tugged at his voice, raw with anguish as he asked, Was being with me so unbearable that you had to run away?
No! Of course not!
Then why?
Katie stepped away from the door. She put her hands on the top of the rolling desk chair, effectively making it a tangible barrier between them in the enclosed space. She hesitated in answering, while he waited expectantly, feeling as though she were putting him through the tortures of hell.
Katie? Why would you run? He couldnt let the matter drop. You acted like I was going to hurt you or something.
You were. Maybe not that particular day, but eventually. I knew it, and for a while let myself forget. She paused. Ric ran his hand through his hair, clearly frustrated. When she spoke again, her words seemed carefully measured.
You are not repulsive, Ric. I promise you.
Id never hurt you.
Thats what they all say. But they always do.
He leaned back, resting his hips on the edge of the table. They. The steel was back in his voice. Im assuming by that you mean my gender in general?
Um, yes.
He frowned. By God, thats a generalization I dont care for. I suppose you think Id do the same thing as whats his name. Use you for my own ends and cut you loose when it suited me? He shook his head. I thought you knew me better.
After a few moments, she looked up defiantly, and his heart stopped. In that one instant, she was his Katie. Katie the brave, the strong, the independent. Those were the reasons he loved her now, and ironically, they were the reasons why she wouldnt let them be together. He loved her and hated her for them at the same time.
She turned the tables on him, angry as a mad hornet. How can you say that when your plan for today was to bring me down? Strip me of my dignity in the one place Ive worked hard to build? She challenged him, her tone laced with rough emotion.
I may not like what you did to me, but I couldnt actually do something so mean and petty in retaliation. I intended to be here before they arrived, okay? To surprise you. To show you that I still believed in you. In the Pick and Choose.
You know I dont like surprises.
Yeah, he sure knew that now. He angled his head, curious. Right. But it wasnt a surprise. How did you find out about my plans, anyway?
A blush lit her cheeks. I delivered some stuff to Christine and thought Id pop in. I didnt like how wed left things and thought perhaps I should try to explain about the brunch.
Whats to explain? I kissed you and you ran.
Theres more to it than that. She spread her hands wide, imploring him to understand. You assumed why, and that was your big mistake.
Had he been wrong about her? Shed already said he wasnt repulsive, but what other reason could she have had to run away? He was on the verge of thinking the impossible when she continued on.
Anyway, you werent in your office. I had a look at your day planner. It was sitting open on your desk. Sue me.
Ric laughed, an incredulous, dry sound devoid of humor. Youre really going to stand there and accuse me of making wrong assumptions? Really? The memory of holding her in his arms, of touching her, flooded back, leaving him raw and vulnerable. He sniffed, curling his top lip. So in return for my so-called revenge plan, you came up with your own to cut mine off at the knees.
Anyone would have done the same.
No, he replied bitterly, anyone wouldnt. Because my plan was intended to be a good surprise. Not a hateful response. God, Katie, did you ever consider just asking me?
She flexed her fingers against the black back of the chair and her smile faltered. Her gaze met his, honest and open for the first time that afternoon. I couldnt. She sighed deeply.
So you pretended to have a boyfriend. You were going to make me look like a fool, but you didnt. You could have corrected me when I touched you. Accused me of fooling with Lisa and Jan, made it all seem like a joke. You let it go. Why?
He held his breath, waiting for her answer. Because I wanted it to be true, he wanted to hear her say. Despite everything, despite his vow that he was done with her, he knew that with the right answer to this one question, hed be hers. After all shed done, she still had that power over him. Perhaps because despite it all, he still sensed a vulnerability about her, and he wanted to be the one to take it away and make it right. He might be angry about what shed done, he might be disappointed, but damn it, he understood it.
II guess you took me by surprise, and I didnt think of it.
Oh. Well, so much for that idea. Stupid, stupid, he chided himself. When was he going to learn not to get his hopes up?
So were back to square one. He heard his own voice and it sounded oddly flat.
Not exactly. The muted sound of the restaurant bustle behind them filtered through the door. We have a somewhat successful business between us.
Business. He snorted. He couldnt give a good damn about the business right now. What he had always wanted was Katies love and she was getting further and further out of his reach. The gulf between them was growing wider by the minute, and he was tired of fighting for something that wasnt his to begin with. Fine. Ill tell you what. Ill keep up my end of the bargain. Ill be the moneybags and you can run it however the hell you want, and well just stay out of each others way as much as possible.
He was tired of the roller-coaster feelings. One moment he was furious, the next tender and understanding. It wore him down. She wanted a bottom line. That was fine. Anger built in long waves inside him, and he knew he had to get out of here before he said something he would regret. He was sick and tired of dollar signs announcing his arrival and people who were only interested in the Ric Emerson who existed now, and not the person he was before. Perhaps that was part of the reason why he wanted Katie so much. She knew where he came from. She knew his childhood dreams and some of what it had cost him to achieve them.
Yet now, at this moment, it didnt seem to matter to her, and he was done fighting. Ill leave you alone to your precious business. Call me when you need a check.
He tried to shoulder past her but she shot out her hand, staying his departure with a grip on his arm. What do you want from me, Ric? I told you from the beginning
He spun to face her. He clenched his jaw, feeling his frustration with her bubble up until he opened his mouth and it came pouring out.
What do I want? I want you to see me. Me! he shouted. He saw her eyes grow wide at his outburst but didnt care. Thats all I ever wanted, Katie. Im not the high school nerd who changed his appearance and became a success. Im not a checkbook here to fund your precious project. Im not that any more than youre the party girl who never took anything seriously. I have feelings, hopes, dreams. I thought you understood that I saw that in you too. And me, being the fool that I am, expected the same from you. I thought you understood a bit of who I am. But I was way off base there. He spread his hands wide and then dropped them. There is more to me than what I am. I thought you knew that.
As his anger wore out, hurt and disappointment took its place and he knew he had to leave now. Her eyes looked up into his, and he thought for a moment he saw a hint of moisture in the blue depths.
What about you, Ric? What do you see when you look at me?
You dont want to know, he whispered hoarsely.
Yes, I think I do. I think you need to tell me too.
He did need to tell her, and by the looks of things, he might never have another chance. It was clear to him that any hope of a personal relationship with her was gone, and before they parted ways, he wanted to tell her exactly what he thought. Get it off his chest and maybe, just maybe, move on.
I think youre hiding, and I dont think you trust anyone. I think youre insecure and hell-bent on proving yourself no matter what the cost to you or anyone else. He took a breath, saw her mouth drop open in shock and carried on before he lost his nerve. I think youre egocentric and see the world as it affects you, and the hell with anyone else. I think you see things in black and white and forget that sometimes grey is as good as it gets. I think youre willing to hurt people who love you, have always loved you, to get what you want. I think you are punishing everyone else for what one person did to you. And I think your priorities are completely out of whack. You underestimate yourself and therefore everyone else does too. If you saw yourself like I do
You just told me what you see. Its not that great of a picture.
He sighed. Thats because you keep the other side hidden. The other Katie I know is aa woman who fights for what she wants and uses hard work and determination to make it happen. If you saw yourself like that, you would be more sure of yourself and proud. Most of all I wish he paused, dropped his head to look at the floor instead of in her wounded eyes I wish you had given us a chance.
Im sorry, she whispered, and his heart broke. For a brief, dark moment, he felt like that insecure boy ten years ago. But he wasnt Nerdboy any longer. He was stronger and better than that.
I dont want your sympathy. Dont you get that? I never did, he choked out, yanking open the door and disappearing around the corner.

Katie locked the door behind him, sank into the desk chair and let the tears come.
How had it come to this?
Her breath came in harsh gasps as she reached for the tissues. It had been hard to keep the truth from Ric. Hed pinned her with his gaze and she could see he wanted her to tell him everything. Yet she couldnt. She couldnt tell him why she was scared of becoming involved with him or why succeeding at the Pick and Choose was so important. She had trusted completely once before and look where that had gotten her. In an office not much bigger than this one and a whole lot more humiliated. She struggled to put the memory behind her. She couldnt give anyone that power ever againthe power to take away her pride.
There was no doubt in her mind that Lisa and Jan thought Ric the force behind the Pick and Choose and Katie the hired help. Ric was dynamic and powerful. She was the back-to-basics, hands-on person. It wasnt what she wanted. She wantedno, neededher own power. Being with Ric wouldnt achieve that. Shed always be in his shadow.
Hed asked for her to look deeper, see the man he was inside, and it had taken everything she had not to turn into his arms and tell him she did. She saw who he was. But the problem was she was in love with him and telling him that would only hurt him more. Shed done enough already. If shed told him she ran from him at the brunch because his kiss had been everything shed ever wanted, then in the same breath told him she couldnt have a relationship with him, it would only make it harder for both of them. It was better to let him believe she was all about the business. And maybe one day, they would be able to move past it and working together wouldnt seem as difficult.
Katie wiped her eyes and sighed, sitting back in the chair with her bottom lip wobbling pitifully. He hadnt said the words either, but it didnt take a genius to figure out shed hurt him and hurt him deeply. Or to realize that he had feelings for her that went far deeper than shed expected.
But he didnt know everything. And Katie knew some things had to come before personal happiness. Things like the Pick and Choose and her self-respect.
Chapter Twelve

Slice carefully, slide fingers in and peel apart gently.
Katie repeated the steps in her brain to keep her mind off Ric. So far, forty mini-pitas were split and in a bowl waiting for filling. She sliced another in half, peeled the halves into pockets, and tossed them in the bowl with the others.
His words echoed through her brain far too often. I dont want your sympathy. Dont you get that? She sighed heavily, weighed down by regrets. Did she pity him? Had she always? The anguish in his eyes, that truth, told her he thought so. At that moment, shed wanted to walk into his arms and tell him the whole truth. But shed hesitated, her fear keeping her still and offering nothing more than a paltry apology. And shed let him walk away without telling him how she really felt. God, she had so many regrets.
She probably shouldnt have taken the catering job, but keeping busy these days and focusing on the Pick and Choose had become her only priority. The fact was, his parting words had hit their mark. Hed never wanted her pity. Perhaps that affected her more than anything else because she understood it well. Nothing burned as badly as having your pride stripped. If he thought she felt sorry for him, then his pride would have taken the hit. And the last thing he would want from the person he cared about was pity.
Need some help? Jennas voice interrupted as Katie sliced another pita.
Ive got it covered. Katie looked up and realized the lunch crowd was thinning. Karen was putting together a chili-and-bun combo and the new girl, Indie, was clearing tables. Where did the time go?
Youve been busy working yourself into the ground, Jenna stated matter-of-factly. This is your third catering job in the past two weeks. Plus working full time at this restaurant. When do you sleep?
I dont, Katie thought wryly. But its good money and exposure. That much was true, at least. Word of mouth was the best publicity she could get, and if she took these small jobs, it would only benefit the Pick and Choose. She didnt say the real reason was to try to stop thinking of Ric.
Katie put the pitas aside, took a huge bowl of filling from the fridge and began stuffing them, arranging them on a huge platter. Jennas hand on her arm made her pause.
Katie, weve been through a lot together. Whats really going on?
Katie looked up and saw real concern in her friends eyes. Im fine. At Jennas raised eyebrow, she insisted, Truly I am. You dont have to stare at me that way.
Jenna shrugged. You keep telling yourself that, babe. I know you. Youre in major denial and youre working yourself to death so you dont think about him.
About who?
Jennas light laugh was a breath of fresh air, and Katie couldnt help but smile in return. But she kept stuffing pitas.
You know very well who I mean. Jenna picked up a spoon and dipped it into the bowl of cold curried chicken. We havent seen or heard from Ric since the day he stormed out of here.
Its for the best.
Katie dropped her spoon in the stainless steel sink and moved to stuffing mushrooms, away from Jennas knowing eyes. Katie didnt want to talk about Ric. It was better this way. She had always wanted to keep their relationship professional. The fact he was a very silent partner now was only a bonus.
Or it would be, if she didnt miss him so terribly. She found herself looking up with every ding of the bell as the door opened. His apron still lay folded neatly behind the counter, and she missed seeing him in it, a dishpan in his hands as he cleaned tables. She missed the way he crinkled his forehead when he was puzzling out the cash register, and his ready smile as he dealt with customers.
She remembered her mother saying often, Be careful what you wish for, dear. It might come true.
It had. Shed wanted Ric to stay out of her way from the start, and now he was. Somehow the reality wasnt as great as the concept.
Jenna leaned back against the counter, the spoon in her hand dangling as if forgotten. Katie. Youve been working sixteen-hour days for the past two weeks. Yesterday morning, I caught you scrubbing around the grout in the bathroom with a toothbrush. I dont get it. Rics great. Hes smart and handsome and obviously cares for you very much. Whats the problem?
Oh, if it were only that simple. And she didnt want to dredge up all the reasons again when they were pointless now.
You know my reasons, okay? Things wouldnt work between us, so its for the best hes not around.
My, dont you sound convincing.
Katie looked up, saw the sarcastic quirk to Jennas lips and couldnt help grinning back. It was impossible to be angry with her. Oh, shut up. Help me put together the spirals.
Jenna got out the tortillas while Katie mixed spread in a bowl. You know you dont have to prove yourself to me, right, Katie? Jennas gaze was unconditionally supportive. I know youve been working night and day to make this business work, but wheres the line? When you start shutting out a guy like Ric, one who obviously loves you, I have to wonder.
Hes never said once he loves me. She fought against the memory of his eyes just before his lips touched hers under the birch. No, he hadnt said it, but shed seen it, and ultimately it was why shed run.
Jennas snort was exasperated. Even youre not that blind. The guy would go to the ends of the earth for you. The way he looks at you. We all see it. Wed all give our right arms for a man to look at us the way Ric looks at you.
Katie flushed. Perhaps if they hadnt started this business together. But thered always be those who thought shed succeeded because of Ric, that she was only riding his coattails. The timing was wrong.
Jenna sliced a tortilla, concentrating on cutting each round exactly one-inch thick. Youve done what you set out to do. Now what about you?
Maybe I have. Katie spread filling on a tortilla and Jenna rolled it up and put it aside. It was true, the Pick and Choose was running fabulously. Katie was particularly pleased with the new catering opportunities that had opened up. It was a side she and Ric hadnt discussed, and despite the long hours, she knew it was worth it in the end. They worked silently for a few minutes until Katie added, Maybe Im still proving it to myself. My personal life will have to wait.
Katie garnished the pita tray with kale and parsley, avoiding Jennas eyes. Professionally, she was finding her feet. Trusting her personal judgment was the one place she got stuck every time. She was constantly making wrong choices in her personal life. What would have happened if shed accepted Rics invitation to prom those years ago instead of ridiculing him? What if shed never been involved with Craig and had shown better judgment in the years after high school?
Would her heart still be free, instead of the way it was now, locked behind a wall of insecurity and distrust?
Jenna took off her apron and hung it on a hook by the back door. Thats a shame then, she responded. Because youre going to miss out on the best thing to happen to you. You cant live your life in fear, Katie.
Katie looked up, anger flaring briefly. Fear? You dont think I had to battle fear every moment when I was starting this place? You dont think Im scared every day that my success will vaporize? Just because things have worked out so far doesnt mean I can sit back and rest on my laurels. The Pick and Choose was her baby, and it was flourishing. It should have been enough. But she wanted more. She wanted to be validated. She wanted the world to say, That was a great idea, and theres the woman who made it happen. Perhaps it made her egotistical, as Ric had said. But she desired that approval above all else.
Jennas eyes softened. I know youre scared. But you cant put a cage around your heart. At some point, youre going to have to let it out. And maybe youll get hurt. But maybe you wont. Only you can decide when youre ready to take that leap. Only youll know when its worth it. I hope.
Jenna went down the street for her afternoon break, leaving Katie standing behind the counter, awash in conflicting emotions and with half the catering order left to fill before five p.m.

Katie swatted at a mosquito as she lit the citronella torches on the perimeter of the cobbled terrace. Most of the trays were on ice, waiting for hungry guests to arrive. Pitchers of ice water sat on a side table along with a punch bowl filled with cranberry lemonade, flower-shaped ice cubes floating on its surface. In the kitchen, plastic containers of food to replenish the trays were stacked in the fridge. Katie pressed a hand to her belly. Her other two jobs had been catering board meetings, where shed simply dropped off boxes of made-to-order sandwiches and bottled drinks. This, however, was a private function. A financial groups golf outing, followed by an evening repast at a home on the edge of the course. Shed pulled out her plain black trousers and tailored white blouse for the occasion. The Pick and Choose was on trial tonight, and by association, she was too. If she pulled this off, it would mean other similar functions, perhaps even a whole new side business to explore.
The host and hostess entered, approached and shook her hand. Miss Buick. I see youre all set up. Fantastic. Our guests will be arriving any moment.
Is everything to your liking? I can certainly shuffle things around.
No, no. It looks great the way it is. This is informal, after all. Our guests will help themselves, but if you wouldnt mind manning the punch bowl for a while, and refilling the food as required.
Of course. Katie smiled her most professional smile. Let me know if theres anything you need.
At that moment, she heard voices and straightened the hem of her blouse as she made her way to the beverage table.
It was a small gathering of perhaps twenty, a mix of men and women dressed for golf in collared shirts, stylish sun visors. Katie smiled and offered each guest a drink as they filtered in, feeling more and more like a poor relation as she caught snippets of conversations about venture capital and mutual funds. The finance world was not hers. It was Rics world, and she easily pictured him in such a setting. Hers was pouring drinks and offering napkins. It was an important service, but right now it seemed below anything being discussed in the deepening twilight.
As if divined, she turned her head briefly towards the French doors, and Ric walked through them.
His gaze met hers as she held the punch ladle forgotten in her hand. He looked wonderful. He wore tan trousers that hugged his bottom and accentuated the lean length of his legs. His golf shirt was startlingly white next to the deep tan of his skin, and he wore a knit vest in shades of tan and deep green. The only thing missing was a putter in his hand.
She wanted to evaporate from sight. What were the chances of their business catering an event he was attending? They stood like statues, staring at each other, words from their last meeting flooding through her mind so fast she could hardly distinguish them.
I dont want your sympathy.was my kiss so repulsive.your priorities are completely out of whackId never hurt you, KatieIll be the moneybags and you can run it however the hell you wantI wish you had given us a chance.
She dropped the ladle into the punch bowl and quickly moved to fish it out.
When she looked back, Ric had moved off to a group of three others and stood chatting with one hand in his pocket.
Katie smiled perfunctorily and handed a glass to a woman in pink and white. She snuck glances at Ric surreptitiously, watching him circulate through the room, smiling and chatting.
Eventually, he made his way over to her table. Good evening, Katie.
She looked up, keeping her expression as impersonal as she could. Would you like some punch?
His face clouded at her bland tone and she felt a niggle of guilt for not smiling at him. It was too difficult. There was too much between them. She didnt want the others present to know she and Ric were in business together. He was a successful big businessman and she was only the catering help tonight. If she could only stay somewhat anonymous and get through the next few hours with her pride intact, shed consider it a job well done.
Punch would be nice. Getting a few catering jobs lately, huh? Why isnt Jenna here? He took the glass she offered, looking down at her intensely and she knew he was in no hurry to move on. Butterflies flitted through her belly.
Its a bit of a side business Im exploring. I thought it best to look after it myself. She braved a glance into his handsome face. Youre pretty much a silent partner these days.
Whose fault is that?
She smiled through her teeth at a passing guest, ignoring Rics pointed question. She couldnt let herself be drawn into an argument tonight. Not when she was on the job.
What are you doing here, Ric? Its a bit weird, dont you think? You attending a function were catering? To emphasize the sense of the absurd, she offered him a plate. Curry pita?
He placed one dutifully on his plate, his expression infuriatingly bland. You didnt know? Marta asked me for a caterer. I suggested the Pick and Choose.
You did what? She clenched her teeth as anger raced through her and she struggled to maintain control over her emotions. Her voice was low and threatening and his chin flattened in surprise.
Dont be angry. I knew youd be up for the job. I told her to call you. Whats the problem? It is good business.
The problem? Was he serious? He couldnt see what sort of position this put her in? Did everyone here know that Rics latest project was providing the food? She bit down on her lip to keep from crying. It was all too much. She only got this job because of Ric. Just when she thought she was succeeding in doing things single-handedly, he ambushed her with the revelation hed set it up. On the back of that thought was anotherhad he had a hand in the others as well?
She cleared her throat and struggled to keep her expression as neutral as possible. And the others? The two jobs from last week?
I sit on the board for the childrens charity, its true. We had a meeting about this years auction and ball, and I set up lunch. The other, Im not sure. He actually looked genuinely confused at her response.
Katie gripped the punch ladle until her knuckles turned white. He didnt understand. Had never understood, or else hed know how doing such a thing would make her feel. He had contacted the reunion committee. Hed had a direct hand in three of her four catering jobs. Even as a silent partner, he was orchestrating things from the sidelines.
So much for control, she muttered, frenetically filling glasses with punch even though no one was waiting to drink them.
Im sorry?
She lifted her chin, glaring at him. Oh, arent you all innocent, she snapped, annoyed she couldnt light into him like she wanted. Poor little Katie, better help her little business along. I can get my own jobs, you know.
A few heads turned their way so she pasted on an artificial smile and plopped a skewer of grilled chicken on his plate as they moved slowly down the table.
Im the one with the money behind this venture. I cant believe youd have a problem with getting business and boosting profits.
Oh, I dont. Her lips curved up sweetly. Its your methods I have issues with. The last I heard, you were going to let me run the business and you were going to write the checks.
His expression soured and regret tempered her feeling of victory. She hadnt meant to bring up all the hurtful things that had been said at their last meeting. Why couldnt he go away and stay gone? Eventually, all her feelings would go away too, and theyd both be happy. All she wanted was to stand on her own two feet, make her business a success and collect the accolades from those whod said she could never do it. It would have been much better if hed agreed to a simple loan and regular payments rather than demanding to be involved at every step from inception to the day-to-day operations. She scanned the room. Everyone here probably thought she, not the Pick and Choose, was Rics little project. How was she ever going to be taken seriously if he kept derailing all her attempts at complete independence?
I beg your pardon for helping. He treated her to a scathing glare. In case youve forgotten, my bottom line is the same as yours. Keep the Pick and Choose in the black. Dont yell at me if you have other agendas.
Her hands landed on her hips. Dont you dare question my motives. Not you, Mr. Master Schemer.
The room quieted.
Oh, great. Katie stepped back, biting her tongue in her haste to shut her mouth. Rics cheeks stained red through his tan. Not only had Ric influenced her business, but hed drawn her into a public scene. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw a few knowing smiles, no doubt assuming it was a lovers quarrel. Oh, why couldnt he leave her alone to run her business in peace?
If youll excuse me, I have food to replenish, she offered haughtily, pleased it came out in a snobby, dismissive tone.
Thats fine. Im done here. His tone was so final she blinked. The wave of his hand told her to proceed, and she collected her empty trays and escaped to the kitchen.
She swung through the galley doors, tears pricking behind her eyes as her stomach trembled with barely contained emotion. What was it about his censure that tore her apart every time? Why on earth did his opinion of her matter so much?
She swallowed the lump in her throat, dumping the trays in a heap on the counter. Because she loved him, that was why. And he kept walking away. But I keep pushing him, a voice inside her argued.
She knew why, even though the reason seemed to be getting weaker with every miserable day without him in her life.
But according to him, it didnt matter anymore anyway. He was done, and now she should focus on moving on. The problem was despite the fact he was through with her, her heart didnt seem to be listening.
She busied herself refilling the food. Keeping busy would keep the evening moving much faster. Everywhere she looked, she saw Ric. She heard his voice through the threads of conversations that filtered in faintly from outside. The sun sank lower in the sky and the terrace was lit by the flickering flames of the torches keeping mosquitoes at bay.
The hostess snuck in for a moment. Katie, she said with a smile, the comments on the food are very complimentary. Thanks for doing such a great job.
Im happy they like it. Good for me, and good for you.
I thought youd like to know everyone seems to be enjoying it.
Then perhaps youll keep me in mind for other functions. Katie put down her plastic storage container and reached into her pocket for a business card. Im very flexible with choices and settings. Whatever you need, please feel free to call. She handed the card to Marta, grinding her teeth to keep her smile in place. Perhaps theyd all taken in the scene with Ric, but above all Katie was here to promote her business and shed swallow any amount of pride to do it.
Ric said you were tenacious. Marta laughed, making Katie unsure whether to be relieved or chagrined. Double damn him for making her look unprofessional. Next time perhaps we wont include entertainment in the contract, hmm?
No, maam, Katie replied, relieved when Martas eyes twinkled at her mischievously.
Marta waved the card in the air before putting it in her pocket. I think hes finally met his match, she threw out as she returned to her guests.
In a pigs eye. Katies polite smile fled the moment her employer was out the door. Hed engineered things for the last time. Shed make sure of it. She shouldnt have thrown such a scene about his help, and for that he deserved an apology. His intentions had probably been good all along, and she was the one with the problem. She needed to explain to him why she felt such a need to be independent. Pressing a hand to her belly, she fought against the fear that centered there. Hopefully, he would understand. They couldnt remain business partners with the way things were now. They needed to work this out so they could at least maintain a civil working relationship.
Feeling better, she was carrying the pitas and mushrooms in her hands, the dip balanced between the trays, when she entered through the open French doors and saw Ric talking to a woman she hadnt seen previously.
Katie halted, her feet suddenly heavy as lead as the woman laughed and placed her hand on Rics arm. The sharp dagger of jealousy passed through her. She had no right to feel envious. Shed turned Ric away at every opportunity, and even with Lisa, shed been angry and annoyed but not particularly jealous. But now, seeing this woman leaning against Rics arm, she hated her just for existing.
The woman said something that made Ric smile and then turned to the side, and Katie almost dropped her trays in shock.
Patricia. Patricia Logan was draped over Rics arm. And he was hanging on her every word.
Patricia suddenly seemed to notice her standing there and when their gazes met, Katie shrank to two inches tall. Sensing her dominance, Patricia bared her teeth in what could only be interpreted as a victorious smile. She looked down her nose before turning her back on Katie completely, effectively shutting her out physically and personally from the group.
The line had been drawn. Guests versus the hired help, and Katie knew exactly where she belonged in that moment.
Woodenly she retreated, putting the trays of food in their proper place. She fiddled with tiny things to keep her hands busy. Of all the events to cater. Patricia and Ric, all in one night. And they knew each other. Before the end of the night, hed know the whole sordid storyor at least Patricias version of it. It was the only version that mattered.
Her cheeks flamed. It was only right, she supposed. It was the price she had to pay for being stupid and gullible.
I dont know why youre being so nice, shes not worth it.
Those words, delivered in Patricias haughty voice, had haunted her for two years. Not worth it, not worth it. It had almost become a mantra.
This was a nightmare. The one woman Katie hoped she never have to meet again was here, and chatting most pleasantly to Ric. She couldnt believe they were acquainted. Ric couldnt possibly be friends with such a self-absorbed viper. She watched them talking, her heart pounding so loudly she was sure everyone could hear it.
His laugh reached her through the deepening evening. Ric would know that not only had Craig humiliated her personally, as shed revealed, but that Craig had conspired with Patricia to have her arrested.
Her stomach twisted at the ignominy of it allthe police coming into ONeills and actually handcuffing her, taking her out in front of patrons, sitting in the ugly grey room at the police station while she waited for her parents to come pick her up. A few hours later, Craig coming in with Patricia and making himself look good by asking for mercy on her part.
I dont know why youre being so nice, shes not worth it, Patricia had condescended.
She made a mistake, hed replied, his eyes smug with victory. She wont make it again. Better to be rid of her than face a time-consuming court case, hed added, and Patricia had all but latched on to his arm. In one move, hed covered his own embezzling butt and gotten the girl.
Katie hadnt forgiven him the betrayal or the damage to her reputation. Shed never had a chance to rebut the charges, since theyd been dropped. Her only revenge had been trying to prove them wrong.
Patricia remained close to Rics side and Katies heart slipped further and further into despondency as the minutes ticked by. He surely knew by now. She had no proof she hadnt done it. And hed be regretting ever getting involved with her and her fledgling business. Any plan she had to talk to him about tonight would be moot now. She placed a hand on her forehead wearily. This was turning into the night from hell. What would his reaction be? Would he back out of their partnership?
She began picking up the remains of the evening, packing leftovers into foil pans for the hostess. Regrets piled on her conscience with each silver tray she stacked. She should have treated him better all those years ago. She shouldnt have been so nave. She should have turned down his offer for partnership. She should have stayed away from that silly family brunch. She should have
Thats enough shoulds for anyone, she realized, squaring her chin. Too many mistakes had been made. It was time she went about fixing them, once and for all.
Chapter Thirteen

Ric stared at the papers with disbelief.
Never in a million years had he thought shed go this far, but she had. He sank into his chair, resting his elbows on his desk. Katie had taken steps to dissolve their partnership. The brown envelope had been messengered this morning. All he had to do was sign. A lawyerher lawyer, not Davehad drawn up papers. His investment was protected. She was repaying the capital hed invested, at a fair rate of interest. His eyebrows furrowed as the papers shook in his hands. Those payments, taken from the profits of the Pick and Choose, added on to expenses and the salary of her employees, would leave next to nothing for Katie to live on.
How would she manage?
Not my problem, he thought quickly but sighed heavily. Sure it was. He loved her as much now as he ever had. The way shed stood up to him at Martas the other nightshe was fiery and passionate about her pride. Hed wanted her to translate that fire into passion for him too, but his plan had failed. Instead, hed ruined the whole thing by trying to take things further than he should have at the brunch. That day had been the beginning of the downhill slide for them.
He rubbed his bottom lip with his index finger as he scanned the legalese. Hed only been trying to help by lining up a few catering jobs. He hadnt thought it a bad thing to set up a few gigs for her. Correction. For them. Only now there was no them. There was only Katie, running her business on her own, and Ric, sitting in his office, their relationship condensed down to payment terms and interest rates.
He stood, turned his back on the desk and paced, growing angrier by the second. Did she honestly think he was only concerned about recouping his investment? Didnt she understand he had more at stakelike his feelings for her and the sense of fulfillment he got from his involvement in the restaurant? He tapped the sheaf of papers together and slid them back into the envelope. He was not the boy hed been ten years ago. That boy had let her walk away, no questions asked, no fight. With a blind acceptance that he wasnt the type she could ever care about.
Well, he wasnt that boy any longer. Ric dug his fingers into the envelope as he pocketed his car keys. This wasnt over. He wasnt going to walk away from her so easily this time. If she expected him to simply sign and leave her and the business theyd built together, she was sadly mistaken. He thought hed said everything that afternoon at the Pick and Choose. But he hadnt. There was more she needed to know.

A magazine or the television?
Katie debated between the two, needing something mindless to do to wind down. The day had been busy, busier than most. Things had slowed at the Pick and Choose, but today it seemed as if everyone in a ten-block radius had decided to have lunch at her restaurant. Added to that, her body was tensed with permanent anxiety about Ric and how hed react to the documents shed couriered this morning. All afternoon, shed expected him to storm into the Pick and Choose, demanding to know what she meant. Every time the door opened or the phone rang, her heart took a little leap of fear and anticipation.
Yes, she acknowledged. Anticipation. Despite how complicated everything had become, he still had that power over her. It puzzled her. After all, hed hurt her and shed fought with him every step of the way, trying to be independent.
She sank on to the sofa, pushing the red button on the remote. The opening scenes of a popular forensics show flashed on the screen but she didnt pay attention. Ric hadnt come. Which meant he probably was signing the document and messengering it back to her lawyer even now.
It was the right thing to do. It was. Just because it made her feel miserable didnt mean it wasnt right.
Hed tried to control and manipulate the business from the very beginning. Hed even tried to manipulate her. She watched blindly as the coroner and his assistant pulled the sheet back on a stiff, grey body. If Ric signed the papers, that complication would be gone and she could concentrate on building her business. If things went well, maybe she could even open a second location within a year or two.
If only she could forget his kiss, the way his arms felt around her, the scent of his cologne and hair gel mingled together as they swayed gently to the music.
She stood abruptly. Thoughts like that were crazy, especially now. It was over between them, over with a capital O. It was how it had to be and that was that.
She fled into the kitchen, grabbed a spoon and headed for the freezer. Tonight was no night for the lite-soy-frozen-dessert crap. She reached towards the back and took out the high-test premium ice cream. She dipped her spoon and came up with a mixture of vanilla, chocolate-fudge chunks and peanuts.
Mmm. It wasnt quite the same, but a close substitute to his rich, silky voice and warm chocolaty eyes.
Oh, who am I kidding, she thought, sucking another mouthful off the spoon. It was time to face the truth and herself. She knew in her heart Ric hadnt been trying to control the business by setting up those catering jobs. Hed been trying to help. And really, why shouldnt he? It was his business too, and he had every right to promote it when he saw an opportunity.
Neither had he been wrong about the location, and so what if he owned the building? Hed never tried to strong-arm her, except for that first night when hed proposed the partnership instead of a loan. The fact was, she knew ninety-nine percent of the problem was herself and her own hang-ups, and it was time she admitted it. She was so determined to prove herself that shed refused to accept help and had questioned every motive. Shed been unfair, shed hurt him and hurt herself in the process.
Suddenly sick of the ice cream, she put the lid back on the carton and put it back in the freezer. It didnt matter now. He had to know now that shed been arrested and he was likely disappointed in her and angry she hadnt told him the truth. What a mess shed made of everything. Yes, moving on and dissolving their partnership was the best thing to do.
The security buzzer blared through the silence. She jumped, pressing a hand to her heart. She hit the call button with a shaky finger. Hello?
Its Ric.
Her finger flew off the button as if burned. Oh Lord. She wasnt ready for this now. She had a drip of ice cream on her T-shirt and was wearing sweatpants a size too large. She put her hand up to her hairjust as she suspected. A rats nest was piled on her head, bits and pieces falling out of the plain white clip shed put in.
The buzzer rang againoh goodness, shed left him standing there while she panicked.
Not trusting herself to answer, she pressed the button to open the security door, released it and took a deep breath for fortitude.
His knock came less than ten seconds later and she opened the door with a trembling hand. Ric, she greeted, her voice flat.
He didnt even offer a greeting, but pushed past her into the apartment, through to the living room and slapped the envelope on the dining table.
She followed at a cautious distance. So you got the papers.
His face was tight with anger, his lips thin as he answered. Youre crazy if you think Im signing this.
His belligerent tone was all she needed to get fired up. Yes, of course. I forgot we must always do it your way.
If you think you can brush me off like you did ten years ago, youre sadly mistaken. I wont be discarded because Im inconvenient.
I never said you were inconvenient, she retorted. The last I remember, you said you would write the checks and Id run the business. This is simply making those terms official. She folded her hands in front of her waist.
The Pick and Choose is mine too. Youre not the only one who invested time and energy into it. And youre not the only one who deserves credit for getting it off the ground.
And thats why I got a lawyer to draft the papers, she contradicted rationally. In the beginning, I thought it was understood that the restaurant would remain mine. Im only clarifying our positions.
By God, that sounds almost logical. He crossed his arms in front of his chest, glaring. Except you forgot I might actually have feelings about it.
She sighed heavily, pressing her hands to her cheeks. Why couldnt he just sign so they could both move on? She hadnt the energy for a big blow-out fight. He was right, she was wrong. He should be glad to be rid of her.
Its better this way. All we do is argue. She braved a look up. You deserve a better partner, someone who doesnt always question your motives.
Ric began pacing the tiny space in agitated, lengthy steps while Katie watched with surprise as the usually eloquent Ric Emerson tried to find words. He finally stopped and faced her.
I love you.
Her breath caught in her chest. What did you say?
A twisted smile crawled up his cheek. Go ahead and torture me by making me repeat it. He shoved his hands in his pockets. I said I love you. Neuroses and all.
She looked down to hide her burgeoning tears, but her eyes fell on his feet.
Sandals. It was late September and he was wearing cargo shorts and sandals. Looking at his bare toes she started to laugh, remembering that day at his house and how the sight of his naked feet had turned her on.
Whats so funny? His voice had an edge to it; and she realized hed told her he loved her and shed inappropriately responded by laughing.
She lifted her head, wiping away the tears and giggling a little at the same time. Your feet. Youve got the sexiest feet on the planet.
He looked down at the objects of her worship. My feet? You are warped.
When he looked up again, she stared at him tenderly, loving the crooked smile that tilted his lips slightly to the right.
Im sorry, she whispered. Im sorry Ive made things so very difficult for you. I dont want to fight with you. You deserve a partner with fewer issues. You have to understand, it was never about you.
He closed the distance between them. God, I know that. I didnt understand for a while, but I do now. All I needed to do was put myself in your shoes to understand why you felt you needed to protect yourself.
I duped you into financing me. There are things you didnt know, and I didnt disclose. It was a frightening and liberating thing to admit it.
I know. They had you arrested for theft.
How long have you known? Her heart drummed frantically as she asked it. Surely he hadnt known before talking to Patricia.
About the arrest? Ive always known. His eyes were kind, too kind. I did a background check before I ever drew up the contract.
Before the other night? BeforePatricia Logan? And you never said anything. You gave me the money anyway. Incredulous, her mouth fell open. She couldnt help but ask, Why?
I knew you didnt do it, he stated unequivocally. I was waiting for you to trust me enough to tell me yourself.
Something blossomed in Katie then. Something small, a seed of validation growing from her core and spreading outward with its warmth.
It was faith. Shed hurt his feelings terribly when they were teenagers and hadnt seen him for ten years. But faced with the facts about her, he had believed her innocent. No questions asked. Willing to put his name on the line despite the smear on her reputation. What sort of a man did that?
The kind who trusted her and believed in her, only shed abused that trust and faith so many times it was something else on the list of things she didnt deserve.
I didnt trust you, and for that Im sorry. More sorry than youll ever know. I know you were only helping when you lined up those catering jobs. Her eyes implored him to understand.
I never wanted to control you. He reached out to her and took her hand, creating a living link between them. I know it must have looked that way. Especially after the way I acted after the brunch. Theres no excuse for my behaviour. It was childish and petty and Im not proud of it.
Youre the most honest, ethical person I know, she whispered, squeezing his fingers. I never wanted anyone to get hurt, she said thickly. Thats why I was so insistent we keep things platonic.
If you dont want anyone hurt, then dont do this, he implored her. Dont ask me to leave the Pick and Choose. Dont ask me to leave you.
Oh, why did it have to be so difficult? They were making so much progress here, but if they wanted a personal relationship, it would be better to keep the professional separate. Why couldnt they each be successful in their own right and meet on equal ground?
I think it would be better for us if we kept business and personal separate. Dont you know how confusing this has been for me? I wanted to tell you the truth so badly that afternoon in my office.
About the arrest.
No. She took her hand away from his. About why I left your parents anniversary party. I ran from you at the brunch because when you kissed me, II knew I was in too much danger of letting my heart rule my head. I wanted you so muchand I vowed not to let blind trust take over my life again. Her neck drooped. Its not you, Ric. I dont trust myself, you see.
You wanted me.
You sound surprised. You shouldnt be. Ive wanted you for a long time. Almost since the beginning.
The words echoed through the apartment, over the drone of the TV, sinking in to both of them. Katies lower lip quivered. Oh, Im so tired of fighting.
Then dont. Rics reply was a husky whisper that sent chills down her spine. Dont make me leave. We can run it together.
Id ruin it. If you want it so bad, you can buy out my half and Ill start another business.

Ric stepped backward at the suggestion, surprised. The Pick and Choose to himself, while she moved on? The thought hadnt crossed his mind, and hed never feel right knowing he was profiting from her work. Besides, the restaurant wouldnt seem the same without her energy and commitment. She was what made it special.
Katie, no. Im not letting you get away this time. I did that ten years ago. I just accepted the situation and moved on. Im not doing that now. Im not walking away from you.
I walked away from you, remember? She met his eyes squarely, despite the fact her cheeks flushed with embarrassment.
I let one conversation ruin our friendship. I let it hurt me instead of seeing it for what it was.
And I was unspeakably callous with your feelings rather than standing up for what I knew was the right thing.
Are we going to trade blame all night? He attempted a laugh but it fell flat. Please. There has to be a way for us to work this out.
I dont see how, she answered. I want to be with you, Ric, but Im still afraid to mix business withwith
Pleasure? He slid closer, whispering the word in her ear, feeling her shiver against him. Taking a risk, he placed his hand on the hollow of her back, pulled her the few inches closer he needed and laid his lips on hers. Like this? he murmured, softly molding her lips beneath his until he felt her resistance melt. He dragged his mouth from hers and bent at the knees so he could trace tiny kisses along her jaw and down the side of her neck. Her body was warm and yielding, so right in his arms at last, a willing participant. He slid his hand lower, over the soft fabric of her sweatpants, gripping the buttock beneath.
She moaned against him and he knew that whatever his attachment to the Pick and Choose, if he were forced decide between the restaurant and Katie, there was no contest. Business was business. Love was for a lifetime.
Ill sign, he said against her ear. Her chest rose and fell heavily against his and he knew it was the right thing. If its the only way I can have you, Ill sign.
She pulled away sharply, putting a few feet of distance between them. Youre not thinking with your brain right now.
Itll be all yours, he confirmed, his heart sinking. Youll no longer be the Girl Most Likely to Have Fun. Youll be Katie Buick, Businesswoman and Girl Most Likely to Succeed.
Thank you, thank you for doing this. Katie rushed forward to hug him, beaming.
Whatever the sense of loss he felt at dissolving their association, it was more than made up for by her happiness.
Saying nothing, he took the pen she handed him, took the papers out of the envelope and signed his name by the X.
Partners no more.
He put down the pen and she came forward, snuggled against his chest and pressed a kiss to the hollow of his neck. He dipped down, willingly accepted her kiss yet somehow feeling hed lost.

Katies heart thumped heavily as Rics lips touched hers again. After the way the day had started outto end it like thiswith her own business, her ownand Ric too. It really was true. Sometimes you could have everything.
The shrill of the telephone opened his eyes, and with a coy smile at him, Katie reached for the cordless unit.
Oh, my God. Her breath hitched and her eyes widened as the speaker on the other end battered her with short, clipped details.
Ill be right there, she replied, hitting the Talk button on the phone. Weve gotta go, she said, her voice shrill with panic. The Pick and Choose is on fire.

When they arrived, the red circling lights of the fire tankers were swirling through the darkness on Stephen Avenue. Ric put the car in park as Katie numbly crawled out the door and leaned against the frame for support. Her eyes closed in despair. It was gone. The Pick and Choose was burning and she was powerless to stop it.
Tears ran cold down her cheeks, stinging from the acrid smoke puffing from the wreckage. Why had she thought she could do this? Why had she bothered? Her dream, her heart, was in that building. Her pride and her self-worth were on fire and would soon be nothing but soggy ashes, a pale reminder of what shed tried to accomplish.
And failed.
She shut the car door, standing well back from the heat of the fire. Ric got out, came up behind her and said nothing, just stood at her back, his hands on her shoulders as they stared into the flames. Vehicles were prohibited on the pedestrian avenue, but this late at night and at this moment, she didnt care. A policeman approached, asking her to move, but when she explained she was the owner, he offered his apologies and moved on, keeping an eye on the small crowd that had gathered.
Gathering her arms about herself, she gazed ahead at the building that had housed all her hopes. God, the hours of work, the plans. All gone now. How had it happened? This was her responsibility. Mentally, she raced through the details of closing. Had she shut down the grill properly? Locked the back delivery door? Indie had gone out back for a cigarettehad Katie missed the butt in a garbage can? Details were a tangled mess writhing in her distraught mind. How didnt matter now, only that it was gone. Moments ago, shed had everything. And in an instant, everything had changed.
Shed been stupid to think she could handle something of this magnitude. Everyone had been right. She had failed utterly. Her body felt strangely empty as she admitted it to herself. An ash floated down on the air, landing on the ground beneath her feet. Shed reached too high, and now the fall was breaking her heart. Just when the Pick and Choose had become hers, it was ripped from her.
Katie.
His voice, saying her name, made her weep. Full sobbing, not the shocked tears of disappointment, but the hard, bitter ones of defeat. She was beaten and she knew it, and all she could do was let herself sink into his arms, allowing him to hold her while she cried.
His hand was warm on her hair as he cradled her head. Im sorry, Im so sorry, he repeated over and over as the fire crews focused on keeping the fire contained to the Pick and Choose building alone.
He felt good. Strong, stable. Her universe, her legacy, was crumbling before her eyes, and he alone was a solitary pillar of support, the one thing keeping her from sinking completely.
As seconds ticked into minutes the tears slowed, but her throat was raw and cracked from smoke and distress. Pulling away from his arms, she turned towards the building and stared at it, unseeing.
Ill never be able to pay you back now, she said numbly. Millions of thoughts ran screaming through her headit was goneshe owed him thousands of dollarshow had it startedthey couldnt possibly be together now
Rics hand gripped her arm and turned her roughly to face him, his jaw set stubbornly. Do you think I give a good goddamn about the money right now?
You should. I do!
His hand dug into her elbow. I couldnt care less about the money. Im worried about you. Youre white as a ghost. He dipped at the knees, his gaze probing hers. You look shell-shocked. You should sit down.
She shook off his arm and moved a few steps off. I should have known better. When the banks turned me down, I should have accepted it and moved on. Instead, I went to you. Now look where it got me.
Her voice, hoarse and defeated, rose above the hiss and rush of the water from the hoses. All the work, the months of planning, the dream, literally gone up in smoke. I reached way beyond my limits and now Im paying for it.
Thats the biggest load of bull Ive ever heard.
She spun on her heel. I know when Im done. Look at that. She swept her arm towards the building, glowing dully in the night. Look at it, she wailed, choking on the words. I am done. I failed. End of story. Everyone was right after all.
Stop it! He stepped forward, gripped her upper arms and gave her a shake. Her eyes widened as her mouth dropped open in surprise. I dont want to hear you say that again, do you hear me? You are not a failure.
She looked down from the unconditional support in his eyes and was so overwhelmed the tears threatened again. If it looks like a duck and quacks like a duck
You believed in this place when no one else would. You believed in yourself enough to know you could get it off the ground. And you were right.
They stood side-by-side now, looking into the flames that were quickly destroying the business that tied them together.
It doesnt matter now, she replied flatly. The Pick and Choose is gone, and so is any reason for us to be in contact. Youve already signed the papers. Im sorry I dragged you into my little drama. I didnt mean for people to get hurt.
He walked away, pressing his hands to the side of his head. When he finally turned back, his lips were set in a firm line.
The papers havent been filed yet. We find a new location and we rebuild.
A hysterical laugh bubbled out of her chest before she could stop it. Now whos inhaled too much smoke?
He took two hurried steps to her and clasped her hands in his. She had to turn away from the hope on his face. It broke her heart to see it there.
Well take the insurance money and set up shop somewhere else. And itll be even better.
I cant. And she pulled away.
Why?
Because it would still be you bailing me out.
You look at the Pick and Choose and only see the death of your dream. Only see failure. You place your value at what others have seen in the past instead of what youve earned. And Im getting tired of it.
Ric, I
Youre wrong. It wouldnt be me bailing you out, as you put it. The Pick and Choose was always you. She tried to pull away but he refused to let her go. I know I seemed heavy-handed at times. I controlled the money and I influenced decisions. But when you weigh that against all that you did, I had a very small part in this business.
You bought the equipment, set up suppliers, decorated, did the hiring, the cooking and most of the books. Do you know how fun it was for me to watch you make it come together? You knew what you wanted and you went about getting it. I loved stopping in here and helping because it made me feel a part of this incredible venture youd put together. It made me feel alive and energized. I havent felt so excited about business in a long time.
He tipped up her chin so that she was looking him dead in the eyes, and what she saw there was truth. I never tried to take it over. I was only trying to help because I wanted so desperately to be a part of what you created. I wanted to be near you. I wanted you to see I was invested personally because I love you.
Her mouth opened and closed like a fish taking in water. He loved her. Hed said it again. Her head reeled with it even as her heart rejoiced.
Speechless for once?
Shut up, she murmured, pulling him close and pressing her lips to his.
He took all she offered, demanded more.

She twined her tongue with his and the sharp taste of smoke mellowed with chocolate and woman. She reached around him, running her hands over his shoulder blades, and he pulled her close, close, so that a hair wouldnt fit between them. Acceptance, rich, full and freely given was heady. Katie finally saw him for who he was. He broke off the kiss reluctantly, cupping her jaw in his hands. Tell me.
I love you too, Ric. After the words were out, she smiled, a joyous celebration lighting up her face like a firecracker. I do. Im sorry I didnt trust youwhen youve been the one person I could count on.
I understand why. You couldnt trust anyone. Then when I came up with that stupid surprise with Lisa and Janall your doubts were confirmed. Im very sorry about that.
He kissed her again, a short stamp of apology.
She touched his cheek and he closed his eyes, reveling in the simple touch. The sweet sound of her voice washed over him as the fire crews began preparing to depart.
I was angry with you at the golf outing. After you left the only thing I had was the business. I was proud of lining up those catering gigs. I mean, I really felt a sense of accomplishment knowing Id developed this side thing on my own. To find out it was all because of youeven after Id sent you away you were affecting my life. I knew the only way to get over you was to cut all ties. Even then, it didnt work. Its time I faced up to the fact Ive been unfair to you. Id be honored to be your business partner again.
He stared into her eyes. Youre sure?
Dont you know what youve become? She clasped his wrists in her fingers, meeting his gaze squarely. Ive always been the girl who didnt take care with your feelings and went on to be nothing special. But you are special, Ric. More than you know. More than I deserve. You always have been.
Never say that again. You deserve everything. You picked yourself up and made something of yourself no matter what people said. That takes courage and vision and brains. Dont let anyone tell you different.
The fire chief approached, his face dusky from smoke. Youre the owners?
Ric and Katie faced him. Whatever news he had they would stand together to hear it.
Eye witnesses report seeing a group of kids hanging around the back, and we think the fire started in the dumpster. Well finish our investigation, but I thought youd like to know it doesnt appear to have started in your kitchen.
Katie held out her hand. Thats good to know. I appreciate the heads up.
He pulled off his glove and shook her hand. Youre welcome. Youll receive our final findings, of course.
The fire trucks pulled out, leaving a small crew to deal with hot spots. It was final. The Pick and Choose was a chunk of charred rubble, tiny flumes of smoke puffing up from random spots in the gutted building.

She took a few steps closer and snuggled up to Rics ribs, prompting him to put his arm around her and pull her tight to his side. She sighed. Suddenly it didnt matter what the world thought. The fire wasnt her fault. The facts were that shed come up with this concept and done whatever it took to put it in motion. Her hard work wasnt something to be forgotten and dismissed because something had happened beyond her control. Big deal if shed had a little help along the way. Ric had helped because he believed in her. And somewhere along the way, hed stolen her heart as well. Knowing he loved her too made her feel, for the first time, cherished and protected.
You know what? The words were muffled against his chest.
Hmmm? His answer rumbled, and she felt the vibration purr into her.
Pulling away, she smiled up at him. I dont care anymore about the Girl Most Likely to Succeed. Theres something I want to be more.
Whats that?
The Girl Most Likely to Love You. If thats agreeable, of course.
Should I draw up a contract? His lips curved up even as his gaze tenderly warmed her. Make it official?
She laughed. That sounds good. She stared into the hissing mess of the fire. So where do we go now?
Ric tilted his head, pressing a kiss to her hair. How about home?
Katie angled her head, rubbing her cheek against his chin. Home?
His lips pressed against her cheek and she smiled in return at his words. Its been waiting for you, you know. If you can deal with Gilligans jealousy.
Tears sprung into her eyes as she was faced with the fulfillment of dreams shed never even known existed. His house, waiting for her to come and make it a home. Perhaps even a few children. But wait
What about the restaurant?
Ric pulled away, scanning the dark windows of Stephen Avenue. Well, how about there? He nodded at a shop down the block, on the opposite side of the street, with a leasing companys For Lease sign sitting in the window.
Its close. Our clientele wont even have a problem finding us.
And theres a bonus. I dont own it.
She laughed, so full of contentment and peace that it flowed out of her. With both our names on the lease.
His expression sobered. Later, he whispered. You still havent said whether or not youll come home with me.
Hows this for an answer? she replied and stood on tiptoe to tease him with her mouth.
Mmm, she murmured, standing back and smiling at him saucily. Thats much better than ice cream.
It had better be, he grumbled, catching her in his arms.
I promise, she said, vowing never to let him get away again.
Dedication

To D, my real life hero.
About the Author
A busy wife and mother,Donna Alwardbelieves hers is the best job in the world: a combination of stay-at-home mom and romance novelist.
An avid reader since childhood, Donna always made up her own stories. She completed her Arts Degree in English Literature in 1994, but it wasnt until 2001 that she penned her first full-length novel, and found herself hooked on writing romance. In 2006 she sold her first manuscript.
Donna loves being back on the East Coast of Canada after nearly twelve years in Alberta where her Harlequin career began, writing about cowboys and the west.Shes a two-time winner of both the Booksellers Best Award and the Colorado Award of Excellence, and a 2012 RITA finalist.
Donna loves to hear from readers; you can contact her through her website at www.donnaalward.com,
Visit herfacebook page, or through her publishers
Twitter:@DonnaAlward
